We wanted to support restaurants before the 2nd lockdown and decided to go back to Qverde. Had dinner there before, previously the food was good and the service average.  
Food was OK; nothing special but nothing to complain about either. However the entire meal was mired by the behaviour of the owner. He told his colleague to send home one waitress half way through our meal and had the other one near to tears. We ate as quickly as we could and left; no longer prepared to witness such intimidation. Basil's cousin is alive and well and operating in Kew! 
We had reserved a table for a name's day celebrations. We arrived happy and excited and on time with one bouquet of flowers and our table was half ready(missing half of the glasses, napkins, menus etc.) we asked if we can please put flowers in a vase and the waiter/owner said we have nothing and then we asked again and he gave a dry wine bucket stand and we asked to put some water if possible, he was grumpy about it. Also, we were left sitting at half ready table with our coats on, even though they were asking all the other guests if they want theirs taken to be hanged. That was a red flag, then we ordered some food and my sister glanced at the waiter and he straight away asked, with an attitude, what are you looking at?. At this point we starting to feel it might have been a mistake to come here. Long story short - We had 3 waiters change, orders were mixed up or forgotten, we had to chase them almost every time as they wouldn't stop at our table. Food - veal liver was under cooked and extremely greasy, mussels had actual rocks in them and they said it's ok don't worry, we wash them, when i complained about it twice... they didn't offer nothing even though i was clearly dissatisfied. Mains were decent but it was just pasta and desert was store bought and not cooked on the spot so was ok. Owner was walking and asked how everyone is except us for some reason? Maybe he needs to see you twice to show Italian hospitality? Before we were leaving he finally asked is all good and gave limoncello. The bill was not readable and seemed more than we expected around £150 for 3 adults 1 kid. One of the worst restaurant experiences ever, for that money we could've went to The Glasshouse (Michelin restaurant at Kew station) and would have been treated like humans and not like we shouldn't be there. I really don't understand how they get their high score! Arrivederci to Never Again. It's a shame though.. 
After reading the positive reviews on here, we were really excited about trying out this restaurant. The menu was somewhat confusing, the staff were not helpful with recommending any signature dishes. We went in a large vegan/vegetarian group and ordered a variety of their curries and pasta dishes. We were not impressed with the flavours, the food was not tasty or ‘moreish’. I would not recommend this place. Left feeling disappointed and unsatisfied. 
Went about 6 months ago with an American friend of mine on the recommendation of several friends. Embarrassingly poor. 
Three slices of garlic bread, cost £5.95. The main meals cost £15.95 but were not substantial. But the worst thing that happened was the fact that we ordered a gluten-free pizza for one of our guests who is gluten intolerant. This person gets extremely ill if he eats anything with gluten in it. For some reason, despite ordering a gluten-free pizza, our guest was served a pizza made from wheat. After eating almost half of it, the waiter then came back with another pizza, saying, that the first one which he had served, was not gluten-free!!! The result of this negligence and blase attitude is that our guest has been very unwell over the past four days, since being served a gluten pizza at this restaurant. 
Just got back from this restaurant tried giving it a second chance after our first poor experience. 
This is my second visit, to Ponte Nuovo which was very disappointing. My mum and I booked for a Christmas dinner which we previous had back in 2017 which was okay so we thought it would be nice to book this restaurant again in 2018. We informed the manger of my nut allergy which he said he would cater for. When we got to choose our starter my mother had chosen the beef starter which ended up being strips of raw meat. We brought this to the attention of the manger however he said that this is how the starter comes. Throughout our meal the service was bad as the waiter kept bouncing into our table and we had crumbs from our bread still left on the table which was not cleaned up. Again we brought this to the attention of the manger he then instructed the waiter to clear up our table. When it came to the dessert there was not a variety of items listed for nut allergy sufferers the manger did try to compensate by giving me a drink instead of a dessert. As all desserts available was listed as may contain traces of nuts. We asked for the service to be taken off the bill as the level of service on that day was very poor and small a verity of food items for nut allergy sufferers. 
We went to celebrate for a special occasion, but our overall experience was tarnished by a rude waitress. The food was good, not the best italian we have had, but was fresh and tasty. We had the artichoke starter, which was good as well as the spinach & goats cheese, mains of chicken with chilli was good, calves liver was cooked in too much butter. Desserts were adequate, tiramisu was disappointing. Coffee was good but £2 fir a single expresso you would expect that. The blow to us was the bill, it was handwritten and difficult to read, luckily I had on e menu that service charge of 12.5% would be automatically added! then when we came to pay by card we were asked to pay service charge again, when unasked the waitress didn't the bill already have charges added she said yes! but you can pay even more tip! I said I was disappointed with this practice she shrugged shoulders as it is a standard practice by them. I said I would not be considering coming back as this was bad practice she said its up to you and walked off. Rudeness that spoilt what could have been a good experience, not great but may have been a second visit. I shall not be back, but please be aware as you have to check the bill carefully. I don't trust people who treat their customers as idiots! 
Last Christmas 2017 we thoroughly enjoy the lunch and decided to return. This year 2018 Christmas lunch was terrible. There were no tablecloth or place mats on the tables. Also no Santa hats. 
Be warned - do not ask for 2 small glasses of chianti without asking the price. Chianti is hardly grand cru, but £18.90 was the charge for a not very special wine.  
Never ever returns it was a mistake to visit this place..I mean honestly why would bother to take care of my table while all night you was too busy on your handset? We been waiting starving for you or anyone who cares to take our orders and at the end i had to approach the bar and ask if there’s anybody’s take our order and finally someone else did but unfortunately it was a wrong order ...all you can hear is apology and free baklava and wine to go..What a joke.. 
It was my day off on Saturday night and I booked a table for two,wanted to have a good night with my wife but this was not the case unfortunately ! We have been here before and we enjoyed the food and that was the reason we came back. Once again the food was delicious,my wife main course ( the stuffed chicken) needed a lot more seasoning but overall excellent ! When it come to service tough...the things are taking a bad turn. I ordered a glass of white which was delicious and by the time I finished the starter I have finished the wine as well...and then we had main course ,finished the main waited 20 minutes with the empty plates to be cleared but nobody seems to care even tough they were not busy at the moment ordered desserts and in all this time nobody even asked if we wanted anything else to drink or at least check on us about the food!when I mentioned this to the manager his response was and I quote “ what you want to drink??” Didn’t even bother to apologise or anything in the end when we asked for the bill which I payed in full even the gratuity...and I mention again what happened then he said sorry ..the whole experience left a very bitter taste in our mouths! 
Don’t bother trying to make a reservation at this place . This evening I called on 3 separate occasions and each time when the phone was eventually answered I was asked to “hold a moment while I check” and each time was kept waiting until I gave up 10 ++ minutes . Very poor customer service 
Almost £14.00 for a bowl of noodles in a tiny basic cafe? Most Croydon restaurants charge £10.00 or less. 
We must have visited this restaurant on an off night . 
I have no idea why anyone would say that this is their favourite curry house. These people clearly haven’t gone looking very far and/or live directly around the corner. The food is sub optimal to say the least. Service, while with a smile is terrible, slow and scheming. And once they have wasted half of your entire evening with the wait, they then elect to enchant you with a sizeable surcharge, just to make things that little bit more interesting than the disgustingly depressive interior. Thanks for the illustriously enlightening experience. Bexleyheath’s No.1 escape room. 2K19. Newest. ✊ 
As I have the food intolerances I have, this would not normally be my choice of restaurant, so I read the online menu and phoned the day before my visit. During this telephone call I explained what I could not eat and was told by the restaurant that it would be no problem and that I should explain to the waiting staff on my arrival, which I duly did! Whilst I have never had an anaphylaxis shock, I am currently awake suffering from an upset stomach from the experience of eating at Mezzet. 
Do not trust them. Ordered through uber and it never arrived. Restaurant said, not our fault. Gave to driver, not our fault. I could have re ordered but they wanted to charge me more than the original order. I ordered 2 meat dishes, 1 rice and 4 pops. £33 what. How is that possible I will never order from here again and will discourage everyone I know from ever doing so. I have never come across such bad customer service. We cooked it. Its gone. We don't know where. Its not our fault. Poor 
Visited there today. Food was pretty good, but over priced. For example, 6 popadom £4.50, and if you want the chutney, the bill said another £4.50 x 6 people. So to have 6 popadom it was £9? We asked if they had a bit of milk for our baby. They said yes and charged £1.95 for a small glass, to put in her bottle. I wouldn’t go there again. 
If there was an option to give a rating of 0 it still wouldn’t be low enough for this ‘restaurant’. We placed an order for sushi and tempura, we then quickly realised that the tempura was fish and we had ordered vegetable being as that we both vegetarians for religious reasons thus we were deeply offended. The manager is shockingly rude telling us a series of lies and ultimately refused to change our order! We are shocked and disappointed by our treatment.  
A disappointing evening. We had both been really looking forward to our meal out tonight but it was frankly awful. We ordered with the app from our table. We see little point of this as there was very limited description and a long wait. We had to remind them about our drinks order. When the food did arrive initially it was cold. The second round of drinks and an appetizer were cancelled as there seemed little point as after a very poor meal we just wanted to leave. Why ask if we have any food allergies ( we do to mushrooms , )if you're going to ignore it or not read it at all. The tempura vegetables with the included mushrooms were quite possibly the largest sliced still raw vegetables we've ever seen!!! If my wife had eaten this , this would have caused her a severe reaction. \The app asked twice about allergies and we duly filled it in - pointless. We sent back a chicken yakitori dish as it was cold and the other starter was tepid. It seems obvious to us that they had to much going on with the takeaway collections to give any quality food or time to their sit down customers. It's ok to be apologetic but having only 3 people doing front of house with one dedicated to take out isn't good enough. Get more staff or concentrate on one thing - you're doing two things badly rather than one thing well.. Yes these are difficult times but come on get it right!!! 
I have visited Oliveira on numerous occasions and found the food to be good but not inexpensive. HOWEVER I will not be going back after my last encounter with them. 
I've eaten better sushi. This place is extremely overrated and I'm pretty sure they overcharged me. Please count your change before you leave.  
Waitress was good but owner is rude and has an awful attitude. It’s a shame as it could be a good local option but we won’t be returning due to the poor service and overpriced food and drink. Also seems to be an issue with visiting with babies/ prams, could be a bit of an issue in Surbiton I’m afraid! 
Well, we walked out. After being shown to a table with less than a foot between us and the people next to us we spoke with the waiter and asked to be moved, he seemed to be be head waiter. We said we were not happy only to be told 'well we are busy and over booked' we said we would have to go and he said OK. On our way out we then passed a table of 8 celebrating a birthday !! We pointed this out to the same waiter to be told there was a gap in the tables, there wasn't!! 
I have been a regular at Waggs for a couple of late afternoon beers for around 18 months. 
Came here to meet a friend with our newborn babies. Both babies were only 3 weeks old at the time, we both arrived with our babies asleep In their buggies and were seated in an area where we were able to have the buggy’s next to us while the babies slept. We had been there for about an hour and half while catching up on our new venture in motherhood when one of the young male waitors came over and asked us to move the buggies over to the other side as were were blocking the route. MOVE OUR 3 WEEK OLD BABIES TO THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM!!! When we questioned this with the waiter he explained that the manager had requested we do this, the poor boy didn’t know how to answer our questions. 
Really disappointed. We’d been meaning to try here for a while. Headed over today for a Sunday morning brunch with our two dogs. It was quite busy when we arrived, but I asked for a table for two for breakfast, if possible ‘out of the way’ because we didn't want the dogs getting in the way of staff & other customers. 
Surprisingly this restaurant is regularly full. Our visit consisted of bland and clearly microwaved food. Disappointing revisit after not enjoying it with a similar experience about 5 years earlier. Will not be going back ever with the other great restaurants around the area. 
Oh of course I liked this place before my tonight's visit there which was my daughter's birthday!! And they came to us and told us because of safety of your child you should not let her walk around as dogs are here too. Well ok then. Dogs are welcome but kids should be chained to their high chairs. 
I don't understand how this is rated #2 in sidcup ! The food is OK very bland but the service is terrible, the staff here are so RUDE and the place needs a good makeover it's very dark and dated. 
Myself and several friends decided to meet up here for a few drinks. Just as we was about to order I needed the loo. To then have some one try stop me until I paid for the drinks first. (They hadn't been even pored yet) I find this absurd seeing as we where planning on spending a few hours here. We finished our drinks and left. We wasn't just walking in from the streets to use the toilets or was we youngsters going to cause trouble. Fully grown men being told by kids we can't use the toilet is very annoying to say the least. Bring back the sauce kettle. I would rate rate my visit a 0 
We decided to visit here with young children for lunch as the reviews looked great, from the moment we arrived we were made to feel as if we were causing a nuisance and felt unwelcome. Before we had chance to get settled we were told by two separate members of staff that we must "stay by our children the whole time as it was a coffee shop" as the children were running around with excitement as we had just arrived. Yes I get they carry hot drinks about but we hadn't even been given the chance to get our children to settle down we had only been in there a few minutes. Hence we left and went somewhere else in the high street where we we're made to feel totally welcomed. We won't be going back!!!!  
Locked doors eventually opened to be told they were shut. We arrived at 8.35 and closed at 9 so asked why and was told that it had been a very busy day! That is no way to talk to customers and as far as I'm concerned I'll never eat there again  
Dinner started off well, and hen I decided to order the steak medium rare for my main. First time comes up, well done, cooked all the way through not a hint of blood! Sent back, second steak comes up blue, a good vet could have revived the steak to be honest, again sent back, again the waiter brings it over raw in the middle. After sending back for the third time I was absolutely disgusted, a 5 minute conversation with the waiter ensued asking what I meant by medium rare, well medium rare is medium rare and if your chef can't do that then I'm worried about his actual skills! I've been to harvesters that have cooked a steak better. Didn't end up having a main due to this absolute farce. You've just lost a repeat customer as I will never be coming back after ruining my daughters birthday.  
Booked Saturday evening for a Father's Day meal three adults. Received a phone call from restaurant on Saturday morning to say they had made a mistake and booked us in on Friday (never an option for us and no phone call on Friday to ask where we were! Therefore we were cancelled. I know the booking was checked at the time. So not sure what has happened hear. I wonder if it's the fact that you can get more money from a bigger table of three. No offer of anything if we rebook as a sorry. This is some what annoying, so check your bookings. Has this happened before? 
The worst service I ever experienced in a restaurant. We have been to many but shall never return to this dive. The service was appalling. A member of staff was extremely ignorant and abusive and this was the manager! Don't say you haven't been warned! 
Went with my family for the first time cuz we had very good recommendations about this place, so we decide to try. All been good till we had all mean, the steak was very fat so we complained about it and we been very rude answered by a manager who came with the 2 steaks on plate to show to us that we were wrong and the worse was she even does not know how to talk properly and correct with us and then very rudely she starting shouting on us. First learn English and then how to be a manager and be more kind when you talk with your customers, we deserve respect. Never ever we will be back again and never we will recommends to nobody. 
We went as a family for a birthday celebration and we the only people in there so there was no atmosphere at all. The waitress appeared hostile and was not at all friendly or helpful. The food was 'ok' but not good enough for the prices charged and some of it was cold. Also, the portions were not good for the prices charged. 
We were extremely disappointed with the service we received from toscana. We have visited the restaurant on a few occassions and found that the food was to a good standard. However after receiving a steak that was cooked rare, cold and not medium as requested, we kindly asked if it could be heated a little longer, only to then be confronted by the manager who told us we were 'wrong' to request this. As a paying customer that did not ask rudely, I felt that this was unacceptable. The manager continued to argue with us, so much so that we did not wait for the dinner to return and promptly left. Showing their 'good' service, they also tried to make us pay full price for the steak we didnt get the chance to eat. We would not recommend this restaurant for dining. 
I went for an evening meal on my work break and the strange waiter didn't offer me a table, he just asked me what I wanted. So I sat myself down and 5 minutes later he brought over a takeaway bag. I said I wanted a sit down meal to which he looked very p*ssed off at (???) Before saying "I thought you wanted a takeaway!" I never said anything of the sort. 
I am, in theory, a big fan of W&T, I've been a lot over the years, with babies, without babies, just for coffee (always good, even if it takes an AGE to arrive - why?!) and for food (best sandwiches in Surbiton!) I've read so much bad press from people being asked to leave if they're out-staying their welcome, but hadn't experienced it for myself. But more and more recently I've felt decidedly unwelcome whenever I've stepped foot in there. Either I've sat at the wrong table, tried to move a chair to a different side of a table (strictly not allowed!) - whatever it is, I have felt less and less welcome. Today I think I may have just given up. I was in there for an hour, working on laptop with a coffee. I could see the staff moniotring me, and all the others in there on their own that had dared to sit at a table for more than two. And sure enough both the lovely lady sat next to me and I were both asked to move on to make way for 'a large group' who were waiting to be seated. My neighbour duly did, and whilst I (slowly) tidied up my posessions I looked in vain for the 'group' to descend on the newly vacant table, or indeed another group hanging around waiting for my table. Of course there was none - the staff were just moving us on as we'd had our coffee and they wanted the tables back in case anyone ele walked through the doors. I understand the proprieters frustration with people who come in to excape the cold and only buy one coffee - but isnt this how coffee shops work on a Tuesday morning in February? There were plenty of tables, no-one was waiting, and surely it's just impossible to win back clientele if you're going to be so unyielding with the rules. Furthermore, my suggestion would be being up front about a time limit rather than asking staff to make up groups that need the table. It just makes them look disingenuous, as best. I definitely don't feel inclined to go back.... Such a shame. 
I will never go back to this place and I will not recommend it to any of my friends. The reason is a bad customer service and a log wait for foot. 
Rude owner. Service good but slow as only person serving all areas. Garden at back which allows dogs but they are not really that keen on dogs.  
It is funny how people are writing roaring reviews thinking that this is an Argentinian steakhouse. There are no Argentinian chefs or even Spanish speakers around the kitchen, for the start (the owner is Turkish). So it is lack of integrity. I didn’t try their steaks and they might be ok, but ordered a salad (a few leaves of iceberg and pale tomato, dressing isn’t worth of mentioning) and “patatas” bravas, which in their interpretation were just chips with ketchup. Owners have very slight idea what customer service is. Just cross the railways and go to The Tapestry with an amazing authentic Brazilian kitchen and Spanish tapas. 
So disappointed, food was disgusting and prices comparible to the Ivy but unfortunately no where near the quality, best suggestion is to review the ingredients then the chef. 
Such a poor experience here. 
Slow and poor food. 2 out of the four of us did not digest the food well and they must have been understaffed today. Shame as this restaurant had good reviews and I was looking forward to go. Didn't get asked if the food was ok. Decided not to try the desert... 
Unfriendly pub inless your a local and you are in there click,undfriendly landlord who served us.we didnt eat in the resturant we just came for a drink in the bar.Drinks by far really over price for a small pub in this area.lots of better priced and friendly,pubs near the station and close to the park to choice from. 
The pub is small and situated on an old characteristic high street near the river. The outside is very pretty so I was looking forward to our meal in such a nice location. 
The food here is very poor and the staff do not know how to serve, who to serve first or how to clear a table. The staff seemed harassed and unable to cope. There is an unpleasant smell of grease from the kitchen and the pub seemed dirty and unclean. The atmosphere was loud and a serious conversation was impossible. Pricey, unwelcoming, unprofessional and extremely disappointing. 
Being new to the area I decided it’d be nice to have night out close to home. So persuaded a group of friends to support local business rather than heading further afield. Huge mistake! This pub looks inviting from the outside, but looks can be deceiving. The minute we stepped across the threshold we had what can only described as a tumbleweed moment. Looks of disgust from the other patrons made it clear that this is a local pub, for local people & new comers aren’t welcome. I can honestly say I’ve never felt so uncomfortable in my life. 
Awful experience. Went in stood at bar, people ordered drinks. Got round to us and said they were closed. Yocally cliquey and unfriendly pub. Not worth a look in if you treat customers with so much disrespect! 
We called in for a quick drink. The staff were unfriendly. The pub is dingy and not clean. We were going to have something to eat but decided against it in the end as the place was not clean. 
I’ve just left this restaurant and can honestly say that it was one of the worst restaurant experiences I’ve had to date... I went to Squiffy’s after seeing, by enlarge, good reviews so I trusted that... I couldn’t have been more wrong and in fact, the terrible reviews are very in line with the experience I’ve just had. I am somebody who can’t stand complaining, I find it embarrassing and awkward to do so, but the Iceland style / oven cooked standard of the food was something I couldn’t part with my hard-earned money for. After politely complaining, I was repeatedly challenged by the blonde, female manager (who I now know has been mentioned in other reviews), telling me that the food is freshly cooked and that it was ‘just my personal taste’, it simply isn’t and wasn’t.  
Myself and my bf tend to go to Gauchos a lot but it was our anniversary so we decided to try somewhere else and chose Steak and Lobster.  
So disappointed to find not only have they stopped the unlimited chips and salad but they now have made it so they both don't come with the meal. So you have to pick either salad or chips and pay for the other of you want it. Hilarious. It's not enough you cut the unlimited stuff NOPE let's charge them for what used to be a standard meal. 
This restaurant refused entry to a blind person with a guide dog. Totally against the equality act 2010 which carries a heavy fine but more important the humiliation and embarrassment caused to the guide dog owner. Disgraceful. 
Refused entry on Saturday to someone with a Visual Impairment and a Guide Dog owner therefore broke the Disability Act 
Very busy Friday night and service was slow. We had to ask several times for drinks and water. Bill of over £160 for 3 was over the top for the quality of food. 
The casual dining industry problems must be hitting Steak and Lobster. Used to be my favourite restaurant in the area, but they’ve made some changes - and not to the benefit of the customer. Steamed Lobster with free refill fries and salad used to be my goto meal (not that I used the free refil). Now it’s grilled lobster only with fries or salad, no top-ups. I can understand that, but to also jack the prices up 10% is going to kill off the repeat customer.  
Well, where do I start. I wandered around Windsor looking for somewhere to eat, having been numerous times before.  
We went there this aftenon for an on the spur of the moment early dinner....Dire dissapointment. 
After my experience, I wrote the manager an email and they didn't bothered to reply or contact me. Very disgraceful.  
I was reccomended to this restaurant by a true Italian so I was looking forward to good food and a good night but sadly it wasnt to be. We were a table of 4 with another friend joining us later for dessert. We arrived at 7.15pm and it took ages for our order to be taken but eventually they took it and our first course arrived at 8.45pm when our friend turned up for dessert! I had ordered Bruschetta so im not sure why it took 90 mins to arrive and it was tasteless, ive had much better in Daniels! My seafood Linguini finally arrived but it was cool and the Mussell shells were cold but as I was starving by then I shovelled it down. My friend ordered a cholotae bomb style dessert but when she cut into it the cake was dry all through. The waiter admitted it had been overcooked so it had dried up inside. They offered to do it again but she couldnt wait any longer so declined the offer. The service wasnt good either and getting water was trying. They brought the jug over and topped us up but then took it away again. I think they just wanted us to buy more alcahol. We didnt have coffee as it was so late by then we wanted to go home as we were quite fed up of the place and worn out from all the waiting. The bill was high and the helpings small. Go only if you have loads of time and are not hungry. 
Of italian there îs absolut nothing 
And then we arrived 15 minutes later and were told the 2/3 empty restaurant was fully booked with 300 people booked for the evening. 
Very average food. Service OK. Nothing special. Plus watch the bill as they tried to charge me for a bottle of wine when I only had a glass. 
Probably one of the worst steak restaurants I have been to, maybe the worst actually.  
One of the worst run restaurants I have ever visited, the maitre d is simple not for for purpose, she needs to really up her game. 
Hey we were in restaurant today at 16:44 host soon seats us down ! we wanted to place an order for drinks nobody was around us only another table was in restaurant with 3 guest on till about 17:08 we couldn’t make an order. AS I look around front desk saw 4 staff talking to each other no doubt in my mind their attention was not yet all on us..... As of young boy approach to us without smile not even passionate about giving his Time..??  
I was with friends and we did book a table, however as we entered we sat on the table and I was asking the waitress if she could accommodate us in a quieter corner, her answer was that was busy and we had not choice. Then we ordered and the next question was if we were staying at the hotel, so, we said that we were just external guests. From that point, the starter was plunked in the table, nobody came to check if everything was fine, we had not condiments and the salad tasted horrible and the lobster was chewy. We then had our main half lobster and a steak, again, the food was left on the table, the runner did not made eye contact and did not asked if we needed anything else, so left. I had to waive in the restaurant but nobody was making eye contact so I had to run after a waiter and ask for some ketchup. In the mean time the waitress who was taking our order in the beginning did not come to the table asking if everything was fine and check if the steak was cooked properly. Was a terrible experience after a such long day and week. However as soon we finish to eat the waitress came on the table not even asking if everything was ok and asked if we were paying by card and delivered the bill on the table. I did pay by card and as she came back I have told her about my disappointment about our experience and she literally ignored what I was saying and as she left she made a comment to her manager I believe, that I could hear as we were leaving the restaurant, disgusting attitude I would say, not very much customer service oriented. Is this the way your team does treat external guests? We were forced to pay 12.5% of service charge for this kind of terrible service and it’s just a shame. 
Pizza base and Parma ham on it was chewy which made it difficult to eat with hands and the cutlery knives were too blunt! Hardly any cheese on my Amore pizza. Asked for iced coffees and got couple of lukewarm Nescafé’s. Waitress informed me that a latte was the same as a flat white!!! Another waitress kindly topped up my glass of san pellegrino with tap water before I had chance to look up! Didn’t meet expectations of being authentic Italian. On a positive note staff were attentive throughout. 
I had planned a wonderful meal with my family. The lady at the front could of had a smile on her face seeing as it is one of the top hotels in Heathrow. She then took us to a table which we decided a few minutes later that we wanted to move. My Boyfriend had asked a waitress if we could move to a booth and she agreed it was fine. A few minutes later the lady at the front desk I believe her name is Severa asked us quite abruptly who said it was okay to move tables? To which I was stunned by the way she approached us. I said my boyfriend asked, she then decided to push who said it was okay to move. I asked if there was a problem and said people book for their tables. I turned around and said I have booked for my table. It was so disgusting how we were made to feel we did something wrong. It was simply a table preference! No one asked me when I called up what table I preferred, there was no reservation sign on the table we moved to. The waitress said it was fine. She tried to push an authority of me which I didn’t like and had her argue back and correct me. How dare she! She had a stinking attitude! I work in a top end customer service and by far for a luxuary hotel it is unacceptable. I am disgusted and for a bill of £175 wasn’t worth it. However our table service was very attentive and courteous 
Service was non existent. Staff did not speak to us during our meal, nor ask to top up our water or drinks or serve us as they should. I literally had to shout out to one to try and get their attention. No one acknowledged us when we paid, put on our coats and walked the whole length of the restaurant. Our food arrived cold and the steak was tough, stringy (I had to take out chewed meat) and unseasoned. When asked by some lady wandering around on the floor near the concierge desk whether we had a good meal, my friend replied with a face and shrug that it was ok, the lady just smiled and turned away! I called out to her and told her all of the above. She took my receipt, wrote things off it on her HAND, apologized to us and said she would take it up with the member of staff and then walked off. Didn’t take my no or email address or offer any sort of compensation or recourse. We had a terrible time especially as I had on online booking stated that it was an Anniversary so was expecting it to be a special experience. We went across the road to The Premier Inn for coffee and dessert afterwards as did not feel like having it here and we were treated like guests. 
I booked here for lunch, arrived 30 mins early so after realising that we were to early I said we would come back. Returned ten minutes before our booking time ready to wait for our table. Greated with a rude response and poor service. I have eaten here before so i was surprised at this. Food this time was disappointing. fish Branzino al Forno was served still in the foil wrap. Bruschetta Classica was soaking in oil, The restaurant is so loud that you cant easily have a conversation so not recommended as a romantic place to eat. Sorry but this time you let me down as I was on a date, Don't think i will return or continue to recommend you. 
Very disappointed sea bass scales were still on sea bass. My linguini seafood pasta had one over cooked prank and the rest was over cooked mussels. 
My partner and I first came to Sebastian’s back in the summer this year, whilst the food was pleasant, we were rushed with our order and were refused to order desert as they had another table booked - bearing in mind we had been there little over an hour at that time. 
We booked a table for four adults, three children and a 2 year old for a baby seat. 
The ravioli was dry and lacked seasoning. I can honestly say it was the same as eating ravioli from a supermarket and not even their 'finest' range. My friends also said the same about their dish but as we British never like to complain, when asked if everything was ok, we didn't say anything. I won't be coming back. 
Walked into what looked to be an 80% empty restaurant at 6pm on a Wednesday I was offered a single table in the middle of the only occupied area. Wanting some peace and quiet I asked for a table at the edge of the occupied area, hardly a big ask but I was refused. That was a table for four so I could not sit there. It was clear I was eating solo and I explained I would be out in less than 30 minutes but no, it was that one table or nothing. I chose nothing, so while I can’t comment on the food, I can tell you the staff can’t find a quiet table in an empty restaurant. 
I fully understand how appealing the eat out to help out scheme must be for restaurateurs. However after making a booking some time earlier and being asked to accept a later slot than what I had requested to 'help them out' it is annoying to arrive at the allotted time to find 4 other bookings also waiting for tables, all apparently being told we would be seated within a couple of minutes.... Not.  
Food Poor Quality, not Good Value,Land Lady Rude and Abrupt, would Never re Visit, Menu tries to cover all tastes but with no Quality 
Placed an order an hour and a half before iftaar for 2 portions of Lamb haleem and an Iftaar box for my family. Received a call right before iftaar and spoke to Farhan who informed me no lamb Haleem in stock and they have made chicken Haleem and it is on the way. Explained on the phone that we only placed the order for lamb Haleem specifically and was told the driver can therefore remove the chicken Haleem from the order. Explained that a family cannot have iftaar on just one iftaar box. We told Farhan we also are unable to place an order elsewhere to get iftaar on time. Farhan did not seem bothered or did not seem to care. Extremely poor customer service. If you are unable to provide the correct order, inform the customer as soon as possible or ensure that customers are not able to place an order for an “out of stock” dish. Do not cook a different dish and expect a customer to simply accept it or offer to remove majority of the order knowing it is for an iftaar meal.  
Entered this pub at 1025pm on a Saturday night ...refused service from persons drinking at the tables who I guess run the public house ..really strange situation for a pub...AVOID 
Popped in with my sister for a glass of wine and we were really suprised, when the barman said they don't have the wine list. (Really? In the gastro pub??). So,ordered two small glasses of Malbec, but they were really small, and when we asked why, the man in charge kindly explained, that they have wine glass measurement of small, medium and large...so the small glass in they pub is only 125 ml. We thought 125ml is only for sparkling.... Sounded like a bit of a joke, but nevermind, there are plenty of pubs near by. If you go there, make sure you get a decent glass of wine. Cheers!  
I'm sure the food here is as tasty as everybody's rave reviews make out but sadly my experience didn't last beyond the rude manner in which I was greeted. 
I came here with my family on Sunday and was absolutely appalled by the rude staff the CHEF in particular! The roast was ok but couldn't touch the roast pork and told the waitress politely that it just wasn't up to standards but enjoyed everything else. The chef then came storming out when our parents were outside and told myself and my 12yr old brother and sister that we were the rudest people he had ever met and to go away and don't come back! He shouted this from the bar in front of the whole restaurant. I have NEVER been spoken to like this and have never come across such an unprofessional, rude and arrogant man. I will be spreading the word about this truly horrendous experience!! 
Landlords very unfriendly and some of the foul language is utterly dispicable to say the least. Try the Prince Albert much more accommodating!!! 
Quality of food is not good as it used to be ,and rip off price which is too high n very expensive ...I don't recommend people to go there ... 
Made a considerably sized takeaway order and they did not pack any pilau rice. When I called them to get some rice sent ASAP, the chef said he had put rice into the bag indicating that I was lying. 20 minutes later the door knocked with my pilau rices. I asked the driver to come in so that he could see we had no rice on our plates and it was at this point that he apologised.  
This pub is soulless and not a great place to sit and eat or drink, I did find the staff friendly though 
We went to Karachi cuisine over the weekend with friends . We were a reasonable sized group with equal numbers of adults and children ( including infants ). We expected a child friendly atmosphere but were sorely disappointed . The food was below standard and the service was abysmally slow with us having to constantly chase the waiters for our order. Towards the end the children were quite tired of the long wait and became a bit agitated. In response to this the management was quite rude and unprofessional and made extremely personal and unfounded remarks which as customers we found quite offensive. We had read previous reviews of the restaurant being unfriendly for families and wish we had heeded to them. Never going again to a place where we were made to feel so unwelcome! 
Having been a customer since 8 years, recently went to Karachi Cuisine with 2 other families and small children. The wait was for 2.5 hours in total and the because of the long wait, the children got restless and broke two plates by accident. When asked for the bill, the restaurant charged us £15 for crockery damages. I was left stunned by this charge and went to the owner to inquire about this exorbitant charge. He replied that the charge was less and he was doing me a favour by not charging me £30 for the plates. In addition, he became angry and started insulting me and my family which was totally unprofessional and uncalled for. I paid the bill in disgust and left, vowing never to return again to this ghasltly place.  
I'm baffled by the reviews for this pub. I visit this area regularly and every month or so I try the Bloomsbury to see if it's improved. It never has. 
We booked a table for 4 people for Sat 2 May 2015 which we had confirmed verbally by the lady who was serving behind the bar on Thurs 30 April when we went there for dinner. However when we turned up today we were turned away as they had a private function booked and were not serving anyone else tonight. Not professional and exceedingly disappointing. Take great care when booking this restaurant via Trip Advisor as they do not keep their word  
Karachi cuisine lost a customer today. The employee snapped on my kids for playing around. I understand that kids could be loud sometimes but it could be addressed in a professional way. 
Today , we visit there the food was not good as it was before.Bun Kabab quality is now go down. The customer service is too bad they come too late to take orders and there behaviour with kids are too bad also.All the time that tall man taunting my 3 year old son why you are standing ?why you are moving around ,where as he was not disturbing anyone and on his own table. I will not recommend any one.I complained about the food but they didn’t refund me. 
Food was ok, nothing special to write home about... 
Worst experience ever, the staff was rude and unwilling to attend to customer needs. Especially don't visit for an Iftar during Ramzan. 
Absolutely rubbish, not an authentic pakistani taste, anybody who know their food will only visit once. It way too expensive for what they are serving, don't bother with ramadhan iftar advertised as £12.99 which I thought was expensive but on the weekend they charge you £15.99 not mentioned on the window. Lamb Karahi was horrible tesco's tinned curry will probably taste better. Food standard is of a run down restaurant on brick Lane don't fall for the decor. £4.99 for a glass of sugar cane juice in Thornton heath...!!  
After reading all the great review on this place was very surprised to arrive at 8pm on a Saturday night to be told the kitchen has closed what a joke! Really not why you would close the kitchen so early it's 2014 not the 60s  
Please DONOT go. it’s not worth it they charge 10% as a service charges which I never come across with any Asian food shop, their portion are so small which is not value of money £3.45 for a very small almost 3 table spoon portion of kheer, You will end up going out of your pocket, their main tactic is keep the portion small which I believe is NOT value of money at all and you end up ordering 2 Portion instead one I WILL NEVER GO AGAIN 
I cannot imagine why this restaurant Is expanding - the food is far less desirable than other local Indian restaurants in the vicinity. I won’t be going back.  
1- called an hour prior to coming to Resturant and book table ... when reached no table confirmed  
I took my wife out what was ment to be a romantic meal. We hadn't been to this restaurant before and she wanted to try it. 
My family and I held our wedding reception here, we were treated with little respect by their so called Hospitality Manager Faisal he was rude on more than one occasion and especially on the day of the wedding reception in front of our guests. My family friends and I will never enter this restaurant again. The staff namely the Hospitality manager were inhospitable and refused to serve the food which we ordered until we paid every penny in full which was not what was agreed he caused a big scene and once we paid the staff served limited starters limited mains and didn't bring out enough drinks served the tea we ordered in paper disposable cups after we paid a very high rate of £22/per head for starters and main we were treated terribly. We had put up some decorations we were told to remove them as soon as 7pm came around these people should not be be allowed to run a restaurant they are a disgrace to the hospitality industry. If you're wise you will never frequent this so called restaurant sub standard restaurant. Regards 
I was shocked and apalled at how my very old family friends were treated at a wedding reception by the management at Karachi Cuisine the manager was very rude to the mother of the bride there seemed to be an argument and the manager told the waiting staff to hold the food. The family hosting the wedding were completely embarrassed and to be frank I was mortified that he spoke so disrespectfully to her on such an important day as her youngest sons wedding reception. I have been to the restaurant before and the food is usually OK the food was rushed some of it was and it was not of good standard the waiting staff had to be asked to bring more food on more occasions to a lot of the tables and to bring more drinks. When the tea was served it was served in take away cheap paper cups. This is not fine dining, it was awful I was embarrassed for them and would never come back to the restaurant after seeing this behaviour the management have done a terrible thing in hiring this hospitality manager he will need to understand what hospitality means before he can seek to manage it! 
I went there with my 2 friends and we order one starters 2 mains and 3 deserts. 
Reading the reviews of other diners I am staggered at the appalling meal and service I had. I ordered Duck cooked five ways, it wasn’t it had been cooked on a brander as the scorch marks were obvious, it wasn’t tough but not far off, it just wasn’t enjoyable, a fellow diner had salmon with risotto it really was a child’s portion, however the peace de resistance had to be the waitress putting two bottles of wine on our table and not bothering to open them, the staff were just unpleasant and seemed not to care. The bill I asked for at the bar was printed off and then another unhappy waitress added on her calculator a twelve and a half service charge which she added on in ball point pen to the bottom of the bill, this was such an unprofessional thing to do. When she finally gave me the bill, I asked her to charge only the one hundred and seventy plus pounds to my card, there really was no service. The company with me were lovely people, had I not been the host I would have walked out of the place, just an unpleasant experience. 
I had made a booking on the phone, in well advance notice . 
A regular visitor .most days of the week eating at least twice a week sometimes more if I was busy with work etc ..the last night of the opening was a total shocker for me and my friends where we were told no food was available but every other table seemed to have a plate on it whilst the little lady was happily still taking orders ...there is obviously a personal problem somewhere here and me and my mates are happily going to spend our money in other local pubs ...chatting with them yesterday we worked it out there be losing 45/50k a year...totally double standards and I hope they find such good customers as is in the future...worst ever time in any pub and I really wished I had never laid eyes on the place....fakes and frauds are not welcome in my life 
We came for a business dinner and I had to apologize with my guests. Food is too bad and the waiter did a mess with our bill. I cannot understand all the reviews. I just say: stay away.  
Complete rip-off, I was forced paid £11 instead off £9 & the waiter was trying to self promote (liga) 
It was really clear our table hadn’t been cleaned properly in a good while - food stains on the water taps, congealed food at the corners, and a sticky ginger pot.m and tings. The toilets too were vile - clearly not cleaned in a long time, and even with poo on the seat and inside the bowl on the only two toilets there. It was late on, but the staff had left packets of food, used cloths etc all over the counters - the place just looked a complete mess. 
Food was fine but a young black girl served us. Clearly called in on her day off or something because she clearly didn’t want to be there.  
When we went into to restaurant initially staff where very friendly and very accommodating starters where delicious and children happy with there meal then 1 mouth full into my main course I could feel a hair in my mouth pulled it out it was long and black I have blonde hair so wasn't mine I had to look for a waitress to come and change my meal as no one came to ask if we where ok. I received another meal about 20mins later during this time no one came to me to apologise or ask if we where ok. While eating the second time round I kept noticing the waiting staff looking around the corner ever few mins which made me feel uncomfortable as if we where to long at the table and wanted us to hurry up. They told us booking that we had to have the table free by 8.15pm it was only 7.45pm. Then my daughter had to go bathroom on the way out from the bathroom to the hallway the door slammed shut without warning and caught he tip of her second last finger, she was in a terrible way calmed her down took her back to the restaurant and explains what had happened the waitress said she would get the manager who came to speak to me when I told him the situation he said the manager wasn't there and when asked why the door had no soft closer on it had no answer for me all he could say was I will pass it on to the manager tomorrow and offered a plaster. He spent more time earlier with the next table apologising for the error in their order than he did when my daughters finger was nearly taken off. We paid the bill and left. I'm fuming with the whole experience. P.S they deducted the two children's meals for the hair in my dinner. Thanks for nothing!!!  
We left before dessert as I started to feel faint from heat, leaving half a bottle of wine and having paid a ridiculous amount of money for a sub par experience - left to boil in a downstairs cubbyhole with a group of 10 by us and a window that opened an inch and a half. We then walked to the river side and had dessert from an icecream stall so I could sit in the cool air.  
Lamb Brain wasn’t cooked fully It’s still smelled uncooked and butter chicken looked like Cheff doesn’t know what is called BUTTER CHICKEN. 
Having seen the reviews and been recommended this take away, I tried it for the first time tonight. The worst curry I have ever had. The mushroom rice tasted more like onion rice with no flavour. The onion bhaji had no flavour. Tasted like fried balls of dough couldn't taste any onion. As for the chicken korma, no coconut almonds or cream used at all. It was basically an oil juice which tasted of tomato and oil. The only thing edible and nice was the poppadoms and naan bread. So I paid £23 for bread and poppadoms. Look at the so called korma sauce in the pic. Fuming! 
The waiter was fairly cold, we ordered a diet coke, sparkling water and a California Roll (avocado and surimi).  
If you appreciate good Japanese cuisine then this is just a sham making money from a fast food chain. 
We have endeavoured to frequent this place since it first came to Richmond and still it fails to deliver. 
Low quality food + poor service 
I went to Richmond Yo Sushi ! Food is just satisfactory but it's nothing compared to the rudeness of the kitchen chef called Nenad? I mean he was literally shouting to his staff saying things that you might get fired if happened in other restaurant ! Shocking not impressed. I asked the person on the floor to give me his name ! Hopefully the company will do something ! 
Living just across Kew Bridge and having passed through Richmond on numerous occasions we thought it would be a good idea to try the Yo Sushi fast food restaurant, right opposite to the station. The food you eat rotates on a track in front of you and you just take the dish you want to eat. 
This place is revolting. Useless staff, smells rank, dirty dishes piled high, dirty surfaces, sticky floors. Walked in, sat down, walked out. Avoid. 
I've been to a few different Yo Sushi restaurants and I have reviewed them. I was disappointing with this restaurant last time I visited. After a period of six months I thought I would give it another visit to see if it was just a one off bad experience or if it was normal. 
Such a bad waiters service and management! It was 9:10pm and they said they had the kitchen closed!  
This was my first visit to a Yo Sushi restaurant (Richmond) ever. There were 12 in our party. 2 of us were vegetarians so we ordered from the menu directly. We ordered the vegetarian gyoza and on the third one, it was duck. The waiters were unsympathetic and said it was probably duck, it could have been beef, don't think they had a clue. We ordered the same thing again and again the third one had duck. Strange enough the vegetarian pieces did not taste the same as the first lot so not sure what we were given. Service was appalling, we ordered a katsu curry and pumpkin katsu that never arrived. Our other table cancelled their order as well as the food never arrived yet we were promised 2 minutes time but 15 minutes later we were still waiting. I will never visit a Yo Sushi again. 
Service was slow for the bigger meals. Main beef is the lack of beef in my Sumo Beef Ramen. I was informed that the chefs policy is 4 thin slices of steak per sumo bowl. How can a sumo live on 4 thin slices of steak? I was disappointed that I paid £10 for a giant bowl of spicy broth and a few thin strips of steak. Also I got the salmon selection which cost £6 for about 6 baby bites of salmon. As my dad would say they give you 'joking' portions. 
This is the worst Yo Sushi that i have ever visited it doesn't take much to get rice and chicken right that they seem to have failed on both counts 
This was the worst yo sushi I have ever visited. I travel regularly and so yo sushi is normally a good chain to visit for consistently good food. However the staff are unexplainably rude. In paricular one of the chefs has a particular attitude problem - pointing fingers at customers and speaking to them like utter bulls*** is not good in my book. Another chef, clearly had been drinking. The only staff in the place that has an idea of what is going on is a student called Sal (according to my receipt) who I genuinely feel sorry for. The assistant manager doesn't want to know and walks around the restaurant with complete disregard. I will never ever return to this Yo Sushi and in my opinion, won't be there much longer anyway with their current attitude.  
Food was okay, but nothing overly special and not good enough for me to ever return again - mainly due to the service. 
This was my first visit to any sushi restaurant since I visited Japan back in the mid-1980s. 
Having been recommended this restaurant I found the food when served was luke warm and one of the meals was so under cooked it had to be sent back, all the food was over priced for what it was. There was no atmosphere, we definitely would not eat at this restaurant again.  
I found this restaurant to be over priced for the quality of food we received. The food was very disappointing, with the steak having to be sent back, the Porkbelly was luke warm and the crackling so hard it was inedible. The mashed potato was cold with no taste. This may of been an off night but it's one restaurant we won't return to. 
This food used to be great but just picked up a takeaway and it’s horrible 
Small dirty place with tasteless food 
After reading the reviews we were excited to eat at the cafe after moving to the area. Unfortunately it was not a very pleasant experience. We had vegetable, prawn and pork dumplings and sate chicken with rice. Dumplings were far too heavy and tasteless. The chicken was dry, no sauce and rice hard. I heard the microwave constantly beeping when waiting so I suppose that should of set my expectations. After one bite we did not eat our mains and we should of realised after the poor starters so we stood up to pay and leave. No questions were asked whether there was a problem with food. I should of said something but I did not want to say it was very poor as other customers were coming in and not fair to impact their experience. Last joke was that I paid £28 with card for the extremely poor meal and I was told I had to pay 50p for using card – are you serious, 50p charge when paying £28!!! We obviously walked into a completely different cafe to the rest of the reviewers and we definitely won’t be going again. Probably the worst meal I have had…. 
I bought a Groupon offer for a two course meal and a glass of wine for two people for £34. I appreciate this is very cheap but I genuinely expected a better experience.  
My wife purchased a meal for two on Groupon. 
Ate there last week. The food was lukewarm and veg undercooked. Pudding was stodgy. Staff mostly pleasant, well the younger ones anyway. Heard good things about the cranleigh but wouldn't go again. Overall, gave impression of it being chef's night off as it really was poor quality food and slopped on plates rather than arranged. They allow guests to smoke all round the entrance too which gives a poor impression and it all blows inside. 
I am a regular at this restaurant since its opening. Usually their food is always good. But this time had a horrible experience. Had ordered on deliveroo tandoori lamb chops- stale and very grey meat. Smelling of rancid oil and horrible taste. I just took a small bite and the rest went in the bin. Same was tandoori chicken- smelled looked and tasted old and the meat was greyish and dry.( see pictures below) chicken 65 also the chicken meat was old. Usually this dish is their best one, but the one i got today was really not fresh at all. So i spoke to the restaurant and have given them a direct feedback. First response was reluctant and defensive but after speaking with the chef, the person on the phone apologised and excepted that the marination was at least 2-3 days old. (My guess is and what i could see from the food received, it was older than that!) 
What a shame!  
Can't rate the atmosphere because we ordered a takeaway, which arrived as ordered. 
I have nothing good to say about this place. First impressions, the hygiene was terrible and the place needs to be shut down by the local authority. The toilet is in the kitchen, the tables and cutlery dirty and the chairs are more like garden furniture. Fair we should have left at this point, but our favourite sushi restaurant across the road was closed and we were hungry. After being served, I'm not sure what was worse the restaurant or the food. The salmon was not fresh, of poor quality and not even cut right, the nigiri and rice was falling apart and presented horribly. I was inclined not to pay but I couldn't wait to leave and the staff's poor grasp of English was only going to irritate me more. I've filled out a health and hygiene complaint report about this place after this experience. Stay away. 
The actual food was ok but the wine we ordered was not opened at the table when we tasted it the taste was not that if the wine ordered so we sent it back only to be told they didn't have any more of it so had to order something else this let our experience down big time. 
Did a booking by phone for 8 pm, I was told there could be a 10 to 15 minutes wait. But when we reached there at 8.00 pm the place was crowded and I was rudely informed that a phone call doesn't ensure a table, there could be more than an hour wait. We were there with mothers and grandmothers, couldn't find another place, had to go back home and order take away 
We decided to celebrate my son's 5 years birthday there and we were so disappointed. We could not recognise our favorite place, something got wrong with it, really wrong as before it was impeccable place. 
We have been here before and loved the food but day by day the standard is dropping .... today we had to call out after waiting for 30 mins for someone to take an order and then sitting for last 45 mins for someone to bring food .... the staff in charge suddenly realised and came to ask have to ordered and when we said it’s been more than 40 mins, the response was I don’t think you have been here that long ...... unbelievable..... how can suck people be working in hospitality ..... I would never again visit this place ..... despite food being good it’s not worth being misbehaved with ..... that too after waiting for more than 1.5 hours with two kids 
Arrived for a special family dinner. Dull, outdated, décor, two of us were ill the next day ( had fish) None of the food was presented very well. The only good thing was the polite and friendly staff who managed to drop food down the back of 2 chairs and over the floor. 
Worst food ever. They got the whole order wrong twice. We asked for vegi noodles but got chicken instead. They were so busy that they could not handle the whole thing. 
I cannot seriously believe this restaurant is rated as being the 5th best in Hounslow. On the strength of TA reviews I ordered a Chicken Biryani. It was truly one of the worst Biryani' s I have ever tasted that I ended up throwing it away. It was swimming in Grease, full of Chilli's and had bits added to it which doesn't belong in biryani. Now I know that one dish doesn't mean all dishes are bad. But if a restaurant can't even make a traditional indian biryani at least reasonably edible than what hope for the rest? I certainly will not be ordering from this here again. 
I went for a family meal for my 21st birthday and it was a total shambles, I had an entire tray of drinks spilt down me while eating my starter and I was soaking, the manager and waitress were barely sorry, I had to dry all my clothes in the toilet and was wet for the rest of the night, we waited ages for all our meals and waiters took ages to clear the tables, drinks didn't come quickly, and I didn't receive any compensation for the drinks being spilt all over me and being wet for the rest of the night, I am absolutely disgusted with the service!!! Do not go here!!! 
Not good, seriously disappointed. Done a takeaway and food swimming in oil wish I could go back for a refund. 
Ordered chicken biryani and chilli chicken 
Having Chinese food here.. made my wife go to hospital straight away... worse food poisoning ever she could get  
Wish I could give 0 star. I am very disappointed we’re vegetarian and we ordered Kadhi Paneer Dal Roti and Jeera rice for take away and we clearly mentioned on phone that we’re vegetarian so make sure Food is cooked nicely. When we reached home and opened the parcel it was chicken curry we were shocked as we are vegetarian we don’t even eat Egg and he gave us chicken had to throw the whole food and we left hungry all night.  
Very bad and slow service. It took way too long between courses. 
Sadly hugely disappointing after reading the menu we were looking forward to our night celebrating my brothers inlaws birthday , my starter was the duck which was tasteless my main was the steak which was a little over done for me but a fillet should be easy to cut this was chewy and hard to cut as they had no steak knives the veg looked like a mixed frozen pack the sauté potatoes were very nice , my daughter and husband had the garlic platter which had seafood unfortunately it was like garlic soup and you couldn't taste the delicate flavours of the scollops, scampi and prawns and the prawns were not deveined so still had the poo track in them afters was just okay ,certainly no worthy of the prices paid we dine out a lot in places like smiths and alexs and the prices were not much different, shame we didn't complain as we were not paying and didn't want to upset anyone 
Terrible experience and this review is necessary having one of the worst experience. Im pure vegetarian and ordered for vegetarian manchow soup. The soup brought to me was chicken manchow. I took a sip or two and realized something is not right. I asked my friend to taste and she said it's Chicken. I confirmed it with the waiter, he also said it's Chicken. Imagine the restaurant is feeding a vegetarian person a non vegetarian food. You should be careful while taking an order. It's always ok to feed meat eater a vegetarian food, but it's unacceptable to feed a vegetarian something with meat! Shame on you people. Never visiting the place again. I could genuinely sue you guys! 
We went for the first time yesterday . Although the food was good , the bill had incorrect items . I.e. More drinks and charged for a pint rather than half a pint. 
On Friday night we held our company Christmas do in the function room at the Cranleigh for which we paid £65 per head for a 3 course meal and all inclusive drinks and disco. Whilst it is important to note that the staff were always very friendly throughout - the food, the venue and entertainment were horrendous. On entry there was a musty smell which immediately made the atmosphere even more dated than it was - just like going back to a church hall disco. The Soup starter appeared to be a very bland Puree of all the left overs from previous with very little flavour. The main a Beef Steak which was so hard it was impossible to cut in a sauce which had an awful after taste - the veg although just peas and carrotts and potatoes were acceptable. Pudding was a plastic moulded lump of Xmas Pud in a bowl of custard. The wine was the most basic of budget supermarket standard. And then the music although adequate and perhaps more suited to a 70's holiday camp was provided by an ageing overweight DJ who wanted to sing into the mike to the songs he was playing. Bar Staff thought it acceptable to poor a pint of Guinness strait off in one go obviously having received no training. Bottom line this was the most awful experience and definitely if this establishment is investing such a small part of the ticket price then a total rip-off at £65 per head. This place needs a serious reviewing by the management who when challenged appear to find it acceptable on the basis that nobody else complained ????? We will not be going back !! 
Wow this was worse than I expected! I went here for a family birthday, a party of 6, we all ate different meals and we were all very disappointed with what we got and how much it had cost. The restaurant is full of very young girls and boys who haven't got a clue about how to make a drink; probably too young to drink them themselves. They were weak, there was very little choice on what you could have and overpriced! 
My parents booked The Cranleigh for their 50th wedding anniversary. The whole family was looking forward to going and being together. Totally ruined by the botched silver service and the inattentive manager. Even after complaining the wait staff had served most of my fathers rice on the tablecloth, my aunt was nearly wearing her chicken en croute and I had roast potatoes spilt down my top, the Manager still didn't make an appearance. We complained that the 3 of us who had chosen the beef strogonoff hadn't enjoyed it ( I wasted mine) there was still no reaction from the Manager. Extremely bad service, and despite settling our bill in full, he could barely look up from the till when we left. And upon booking the meal, my mum told them it was for a golden wedding but this was completely ignored. A wonderful occasion spoilt by this restaurant. I do hope my letter of complaint will be acknowledged. 
After attending a wedding here, I wanted to voice my opinion about your staff! 
food was tasty but too oily i had to literately take oil out before i had my meal,otherwise its ok ,but i dont think i will go there again 
We were there for a family funeral which is obviously a sad time, yet the service we received was disgusting, the lady behind the bar told almost every guest how hard she works, how tired she is & how long her shift was, she made us all feel like we were an inconvenience to her yet the service was so slow, she was very rude to my 8 year old niece when she asked for a bag of crisps by shoving a bowl of crisps & gutted, I have never had such a disgusting service and would never recommend you. 
Since the reopening it has not been the same restaurant in term of the taste of food. I ordered 2wice Chicken Lollipop and they were salty both the time . Even the naan Is not up to the mark. I hope they will sort their problem and get back to old ways.  
The order was a 2 starters dry items , and turn up they did , but wet as an island , with gravy.  
First I would just like to say the meal we ordered was not what we both received me and my partner we asked for king prawn dishes we got more like Tesco value not what we paid for at all and when it came it was disgusting i had 3 mouthfuls and put it in the bin the sauce or what ever it was I don't know how it could of even been classed as indian food me and my partner are used to eating indian food and have had amazing food from many places sadly this was not one of them so never again I would rate the food 0 out of 10 but I would like to say the management was so nice and friendly and did try and help us so 10 out of 10 but for food no so poor worst i have ever had even the rice was something I could not put into words and how can u get rice so wrong  
I visited the restaurant with my family as we entered the restaurant was very quite, firstly the chairs were dirty as we walked in not a problem as i just used the tissue to clean it. After waiting for some time we got the menus. We ordered our food the wait between starters and the mains was very long finally when the food came all the naans were burnt and rock hard the 3 dishes we ordered by recommendation were all sweet. As we complained to the manager he said to us “mainly white people come here so we have our food plain, you should of asked if you wanted it spicy” which was a surprise to us because if they make their food so plain to adhere to their customers that should of been mentioned whilst ordering but the argument wasn’t even the food is plain the food was sweet. Very big disappointment and for a restaurant that cost £170 not worth the money. 
Been here many times but never coming back again due to the waitress behahaviour.Ive been coming here many times and left 2 or 3 reviews but today I wasn’t happy with the way I was treated by the waitress.Shes so RUDE 
We recently visited this place with my friends as this place was recommended by one of my other friends. We ordered spicy food and we were served food with raw chilly powder mixed into the curry. The curries were pathetic. We ordered Shami kabab and we were served with hard rock solid grilled kababs which no way looked like Shami kabab. The staff were friendly but not the food. I don't recommend this place at all. 
Lovely fish and chips. We have eaten here several times. Sadly what lets it down is that on the last time we were there I was served an unsafe meal. I am coeliac and they either mixed up the two dishes or mine was seriously contaminated with gluten. I have never had such a bad coeliac reaction any other time so I suspect that I was given my husband’s meal and he was given mine. I will never, ever go again as it takes me a really long time to recover from. If you don’t have dietary requirements then definitely go as it’s beautiful fish and chips.  
We tried this place as we were passing. It was packed. The food was frankly awful beyond belief and expensive. Imagine Thai food with all the correct ingredients removed so all the food tastes bland. 
I've been visiting this restaurant for the past 6 months for takeaway orders. Recently, I placed an order and was horrified when I took a bite into a piece of mouldy tofu. I thought the food tasted different and then examined the food to find the tofu was covered in mould. 
I guess fish and chips are the fodder of life and you shouldn't get it wrong....hmmm...how hard can it be? Had a plate (cold) full of soggy chips and fish with bones!!!! Not good.,,why try to dress up something that should just be simple and good....Too much money and not enough substance. Shame. 
Food great shame about rude member of staff. (Short brown haired lady on the till) My wife normally collects the meals and has a loyalty card. I was passing so ordered the takeaway. When paying I presented the card (Had 3 stamps already) Cod and chips and saveloy and chips. 
After being a loyal customer for 16 years after today I doubt I will be back. 
Very rude staff, school dinners style fish pie and boiled vegetables, awful house wine, they got our order wrong, over charged us for wine we didn't order, didn't apologise. It's the first time I've ever not left the optional service charge. 
Price is expensive for the quality 
Never got any fish other than cod and plaice (if you're early ) and the chips aren't fried long enough 
Popped in to nite for takeaway looking forward to meal with friend..always good food...once ordered and paid I advised the short brown haired member of staff with glasses I was popping out for 2 mins as I had to get some bread....upon my return to a packed shop the woman was very rude and stated in a very abrupt manner next time tell me if u r leaving to which I stated that I had..which she just ignored and carried on serving..I was extremely embarrassed to be talked to in this way and was very disappointed as the staff are usually lovely and welcoming. 
I love going Mc'D's  
Arrived with friends for a late lunch with to have roast lamb only to be told after we sat down that they were out of it. Would you run out of turkey on Christmas Day ??? #verydisappointed. 
Overpriced and overrated. Chips cooked at the wrong temperature 
Before writing this review I have read at least 30 others and I have found one that summed this situation up perfectly. This is basically a pub with slightly above par food which has probably received some good reviews and has then snowballed out of control. I was booked into Gordon ramsay new restaurant maze grill but as I was nearer this place decided to go there. What a mistake!! The food was terrible. I had lamb shoulder which was a monstrosity on a plate!! It was allegedly slow cooked but rock hard on the outside and no pink at all in the centre. The mash was far too heavy almost like microwave mash. The dish was so heavy and large i was instantly put off by it. Anybody who rates this place highly does not understand good food. It was something you would get from a hungry horse for 1/4 of the price. £60 for two people for that rubbish was insane. My friend had bubble and squeek which tasted decent but again oversized and was like a side dish served as a main. He complained it was so dry a d tastleless. I thought maybe the eggs on top were for moisture but they were o er cooked with no runny yolk?? Would never return and hope people will not jump on the bandwagon as they could have much better food almost anywhere!! 
All I can say on the matter is this place does not deserves to be any were near London's elite reastraunts, the food is on par with most 2 for 1 eateries around the country not up there with the likes of Ramsey . 
We have been using McDermott's for takeaway fish and chips for years and we always have haddock. On two recent occasions I have been told that only cod is available despite other types of fish on the menu. Needless to say that I walked out empty handed on both visits and I will not be going back. Time to find another local fish and chip shop. 
I have travelled extensively throughout the world for a great many years, but this was a first for me: we were two older customers and wanted to share a (large) meal, but were told this was impossible and that we had to buy separate dishes. However we were told that we could have a reduced amount of chips.... Very generous considerng there was no price reduction.  
This is the second time I have used this shop. I have been encouraged to do so by friends who say it is good. The first visit was very disappointing with soggy chips and fish which was very average. My friends assured me when I told of my experience that it wasn't typical and I must try it again. 
I had been so looking forward to trying this restaurant for a really long time as I saw great reviews and the website makes it sound like it is THE place to come for fish n chips. After the longest drive, my partner and I arrived and was seated and shown a menu. All we could feel was the coldest temperature, baring in mind yesterday was a really hot day (4th may 2018). There was no way anybody could have taken that cold. So I asked to move nearer to the window so that we could at least feel some warmth from the sunshine outside. The waitress should have been more attentive to this but instead I got the impression she felt we were being fussy. She said 'which window' but as we had never been there before we didn't know the restaurant and should have been given a choice. We ordered 2 haddock and chips. The food came out promptly, but the 'tartare sauce' given was certainly NOT tartare sauce. So I kindly asked the waitress if this is how all of their tartare sauce taste, or just the one we were given, as it tasted just like 'butter' which was highly unpleasant. The waitress looked at me and asked me 'what is tartare sauce'? I could NOT believe it. I thought it was a joke! Mc Dermott pride themselves on fish and chips and the waitress had not heard of tartare sauce before? so she went to tell another waitress behind us, and I could clearly literally hear them talking about me saying 'she said it tastes like butter' then the other waitress is saying, 'what? butter?' which made me feel highly uncomfortable as I felt they were judging me and the tone of voice made me feel like they were being quite rude about the situation. Then another waitress came over with a new tartare sauce and said she got it from a different batch. I tried it. It was less buttery, but still nothing like tartare sauce. It was a small dipping pot like about a tablespoon worth for me and my partner and we could only dip about 2 chips each in their. We had to suffer the meal and eat the rest of the fish and chips dry as I felt like they did not have any interest to catering for our basic needs. The portion of fish and chips was very small even though we ordered large. My partner was still very hungry afterwards and had to buy something from CO-OP next door as he had been driving for the whole day and we thought we were going to be fed! We were eating whilst feeling so disappointed. We asked for the bill. The bill was £28.85 for 2 fish and chips and we were still peckish as I said before. We went to the till to pay after receiving the bill as nobody came to the table to take payment. The girl who took payment did not talk with us. She seemed like she did not want to be there. She just took the payment and said thank you in a monotone voice. I have woken up this morning and feel like I can't get this off my mind. It hurt the fact that we drove for over an hour and a half to get to this place, for this experience. I still can't believe the staff have not heard of tartare sauce?! It was so dry eating without it. Very disappointed. There was no feeling of the staff wanting our custom and I certainly did not feel warm welcomed. I feel like they wanted us out. I suppose they will receive their wish now. 
This fish and chip shop leaves a lot to be desired. The women behind the counter were too engrossed with talking about the predicted amount of customers, and when I eventually got “served” was asked what I wanted with an air of contempt. The same women works in the launderette and has an attitude problem. When my order was ready, it was barked at me as though I should be grateful. The portion of the chips leave a lot to be desired, along with no customer service as to whether I required salt/ and or vinegar. I feel I have a good judgement as my brother in law has a well established chip shop in Sw4. I shall not be visiting this place again, or recommending it to my friends. Management take note of the problems. 
We read the reviews and decided this was going to be a lovely night out with food and real ale. So we arrived at 8:50, having checked the website and found it served food til 10pm. We did not book as Monday nights are not generally busy.  
Firstly; the waiting staff are lovely as was the welcome.  
With so many average places to eat in Harrow, why choose this place? 
Tables and floor all greasy. Went to the toilets and on the corridor there were buckets of potato halves uncovered with flies hovering - Ugh! Poor food standards - I wonder what food rating they have. 
Went for lunch with some colleagues, the portions were small, prices high and service below average. Yes it looks like a street food canteen but the place next to Rayners Lane station is much better 
After several visits to kaniz today 21st Nov 2016 was the worst experience of service ever experienced by myself and my collegues. As the nearest Indian within walking distance we decided to go to kaniz restuarant however it was not what we had come to expect. After finding several piece of black hair in the mixed grill starter we very discreetly informed a member of staff who without even apologising and grunting removed the dish to be replaced with a fresh mixed grill starter. Another member of staff namely 'francis' the rudest man ever to be a waiter brought out the replacement starter. For some reason he had taken a dislike to our group. However this was not the worst of the evening experience. The main courses were brought out 2 out of 4 of the main dishes were cold, rice was cold and 3rd chicken main dish was not what was described as. We did complain about the 2 dishes that were cold expecting them to be replaced by fresh HOT DISHES. The rude 'francis' brought out the original dishes after they were microwaved!!! Yes microwaved!! Not one to have ever complained on this occasion it was unacceptable. After all you are paying £9 per dish and with a total bill of £125, but this was not the icing on the cake the rude staff member decided to accuse my friend of being drunk after 2 small glasses of wine in 2.5hrs and walking pass our table constantly making grunting and clicking noises with his tongue and complaining that we asked for a table for 6 and only 4 had turned up (what this has to do with his disgusting behaviour we have no idea). 
We are lovers of Indian food but here we had Butter Chicken and Lamb Korma, and they had been smothered with sugar. They were so so sweet that it basically ruined the meal and the experience for us. I asked if they used MSG and at first he said "a little" then siad "not at all" so go figure. The waiter said he would ask about a discount which never materialised. Based on our experience I would not take your kids here definitely, and naturally we cannot recommend this restaurant to anybody. 
During Sept. and Oct. 2018, made three visits just for coffee, with a partner. Each time we were told to sit and the coffee would be brought to us. Each visit, we waited over 10 minutes before I went and inquired about our order. Each visit, we were told the same thing - they were being made. Each visit, we waited a further 10 minutes, after which I inquired again. Got the same answer - they are coming. After a full 25 minutes, received two coffees. Really ??.....Tried three times, no more. Not visiting again, back to the chain shops. Oh, and the coffees were £3 each 
Saw this place offered vegan and vegetarian food so thought I would check it out, was literally grunted at when I walked in the door. 
Don't go here. Rude staff and food bad. Brocollli was hard sweet potato cake tasteless. Despite having a notice about allergens when I asked if something contained wheat the lady responded if it says it is vegan then it is. I explained that Vegan products could contain wheat her response was don't know. I had to ask her to get someone who did know, this seemed too much trouble for her!  
Ordered food waited 20mins nothing arrived not even a drink! Food left with flies all over them looks like it's changed hands won't be coming back  
The Haddock isnt haddock its frozen cod. thats why the can serve so many customers in the takeaway on friday and saturday nights. they only defrost one piece of haddock a day. It was much nicer when tony ran the shop not the arrogant son who treats people like dirt. i have eaten here many times over the years but its gone down hill in recent times 
The woman on the till is arrogant, patronising and just down right rude. If you want to queue for ever, pay extortionate money for average food and get abused and patronised into the bargain, then this is the place. That woman has no customer skills and frankly I don't even think a customer skills course would help. I can only think she owns the place as no employer in there right mind would keep someone like her to interface with paying customers. 
I went on a sunday with my parents. Had some good starters. Then two tagines for main course, one of which had just clearly come out of a microwave and the other was fish which was cooked in canned tomatoes. We should have sent them back - but sadly didnt. We complained afterwards but the staff seemed disinterested, as long as they got their money. 
The location is good. We had a table at the front, surrounded by windows with view of the street. The decor inside was ok, although the heater was rather noisy. 
I literally almost died that night after having dinner there : ( Food Quality was Poor and I kinda could tell while eating that something was wrong with the food - 2 hours Later the worst night of my Life! All night throwing up And if I just think of that place it makes me wanna throw up again - What did you give me??? Terrible Experience - Also Staff was No friendly and they don’t understand anything when you ask things - Don’t go! Dangerous Food! 
Tabbouleh was tasteless and dry. It was mainly parsley with a sprinkle of tomatoes. Not enough tomatoes, no oil or lemon. The Kafta kebab were aweful that we couldn’t eaten them. Definitely not Lebanese kafta kebab. 
Where to start? There was only our table and literally no one else. The rudest and most unprofessional staff who just ignored us and requests and don’t even show up when we called them 4 times. The drinks and cocktails were awful and literally they were making a whole jar of a cocktail with 25ml alcohol which has no point (because they don’t know how to make a proper cocktail) and we returned few of them yet the staff argued with us rudely (they refused to take the drinks back :o).  
Very bad customer service. The person working on the counter was not professional at all. He does not know how to talk to customers. Also food quality has changed. Miss the staff who used to cater to my requests and were very friendly 
The positive reviews bear NO resemblance to the quality if food or service. 
My family and I visited this restaurant as it was my husband's birthday.The food was very disappointing and the manager was very rude and argumentative. 
the food is very bad, I am Lebanese and when I tried the food I nearly vomitted, it does not represent Lebanese cousin at all. 
not sure how this restaurant achieves so many positive reviews. Both mezze and mains were tastless. Chef knows nothing about seasoning and balance of flavours. 
Yesterday a couple of staff from the Kingston on Thames shopping centre were doing free samples of their food. I said I had a serious allergic reaction to any form of tomato/powder/paste. They didn't recognize the word anaphylaxis so I said a life and death allergy. She assured me they never used tomato and I would be fine. I ate it just before going to the loo! I then started to react and told the lady at the shop. She said the samples had lettuce in and we always squeeze tomato on it. Within five minutes I was gasping for breath, needed a drug and a life saving shot of adrenaline and being cared for by a pharmacist until a rapid response paramedic turned up. Then an ambulance came and I was in urgent care in casualty for four hours and am now on a strong dose of steroids. 
We were the only people in the restaurant yet it took ages to be served. We kept having to get up to get attention. The salad was nice. But the grilled food was burnt and so were the chips. Disappointing  
Booked a table for the above. Arrived to be told we didn't have a table reserved and was told they had phoned three times and emailed . They hadn't certainly would bother again . Ate a few doors away at Buddies and had a fantastic meal with fantastic service . 
Visited with my wife for a meal, starters were average, tabbouleh and fattoush salad. We ordered lamb and chicken tagine for our man meal, the lamb was just about edible but lacked any flavour and tasted like a microwave meal. The chicken tagine was awful, watery and flavourless, Service was prompt but lacked any warmth and both waiters looked miserable. Definitely would not return based on this visit. Their other dishes may be good but if you are looking for traditional tagine then I would avoid. 
Been there with my wife last Saturday night. We had a reservation and we arrived five minutes prior to that.  
Our food arrived 35 minutes late, and was delivered by a disgruntled driver who told us we had given him the wrong post code. We had not. The food, naturally, was cold when it arrived. Not much of an apology and no attempt to contact us when it became apparent that the food would be late, despite my giving my number to the owner. Terrible experience. 
Very disappointed with the service and food. Asked for a chicken sish takeaway and to be cooked well done. It felt soggy and chewe few first bites and was shocked when wife found pink and traces of blood on one piece. When called the restaurant, manager apologised and asked to come back with the remaining and he will get a fresh one ready for me to take away. Its disappointing in the middle of your dinner to notice such situation. However to give them a chance, in the middle of our dinner decided to turn up to the restaurant for a replacement. To my horror, the manager started interrogating me as well as claiming there is no traces of blood and its cooked perfectly well. Also challenging me why i ate 3.5 pieces and turned up with the remaining. Could not believe my ear. I felt disgusted and left the restaurant without taking my replacement. There seems to be no common sense in the business that you asked your customer to come down to your store for an immediate replacement, instead apologising you are interrogating them. You have just lost a valued customer and i will advise my friends and family to avoid visiting your place. And if the owner is reading this thread, you really need to have a word with your manager and coach him to improve his service skill. 
The food was nothing special, but it arrived 40 mins late. All that the Manager wanted to do was argue and shout about it. Maybe this was a one off, but certainly not an establishment with a client focused culture. 
I was there few months ago with my family and I try couscous ant tajin. The couscous was cover with tomato and peppers more similar a soup.the tajin was untested and without looking like tajin. I will never go back  
This place was so poor it was hilarious ! There was only one guy serving and despite there only being two tables it took an age to get a drink and even longer to order food. 
We decided to go for our Valentine's Day dinner but the service was terrible  
If you want to feel unwelcome, this is THE place to go.  
When I booked for dinner I was told I could have a slot between 7 and 8.30pm. I accepted as I knew my party could manage to adhere to these timings. All was well until 8.10 when quite suddenly the bill was slapped on the table and all glasses, serviettes and other remnants were speedily removed from our table! 
The rudest staff I’ve ever seen. Truly appalling. I would advise them to treat customers, as customers. 
The starters were good but the mixed grill was dry and it wasn't cheap either. I wouldn't recommend esp for the price 
I have eaten here and liked the food, so ordered a takeaway for my other half’s birthday. What a disappointment it was....The food lacked flavour, the mixed grill had been cooked beforehand and wasn’t tasting of grilled meat at all, the mezzes were so so. The couscous was sharply spiced and the chicken that came with it were big cubes of favourless chicken breast. All for £48. It was an appalling meal and I had to apologise to my wife. Luckily the cake and flowers made up for it! 
£60 for a lunch for two!?!?  
Turn up to find they have given our table to other people. Despite having called us to confirm earlier in the day. End up on a small table and there were 4 of us. 
Was visiting friends in the area and had a quick look on here to see where we should eat.  
I booked this place after looking at the reviews and it seemed amazing. After having an expensive AVERAGE meal a few weeks ago I returned to TripAdviser to read some of the recent reviews. These now seem very questionable to say the least.  
I have visited this restaurant several times previously and had always had a good experience. But this experience was very unpleasant. We had booked a table and upon our arrival was directed to a table, however, whilst we were waiting for our table to be cleared a couple who had already been sitted at their table was given our table by the manager. We were directed to another table, however, we did not want the other table, but the original table as it reminded us of our first visit to the restaurant, additionally, we were celebrating my husband birthday. this we explained to the manager. The manager did not ask the couple who took our table to be re-sitted but instead offered us a table next to them, claiming it was a better table. The couple who were white could clearly hear the discussion taking place but still refused to get up. This was clearly racial discrimination and we vowed never to return as it was evident that although, we as a black couple were waiting for our table to be cleared, the white couple were given preference over us. 
I went to Chez Pascal and a problem happend during the payment with my card. The owner refused to try again and asked me to pay in cash. But the amount was debited from my account and when I said I wanted a refund (using the card machine to locate my payment) he just denied and struggled with me inside the restaurant. He charged me twice and denied a refund. 
Have eaten here a few times and it’s been amazing food and amazing service but tonight we were practically chucked out of the restaurant because they wanted the table back earlier than stated. Shockingly rude. Owner tapping his watch at us, bill chucked on the table without us asking for it, plates and glasses cleared away before we were finished. Table was due back at 8.15 (apparently, which is just an hour and 45 mins booking slot) but all this happened before it was even 8pm! Never experienced anything like it! 
We didnt enjoy the food at all. We had a table booked and we were told to wait outside in the cold for 10min. Once we were seated we waited for ages to be served. It seemed that they were short of staff. We ordered olives for starter that never came. The main was really bad. Pasta was extremely spicy so I had to swap with my partner. Anyway, even the prawns were really dry. I started eating his steak, which was very chewy. I could not eat it at all. Even potatoes were not nice, seem a bit hard. Granted, we should have returned the food when the waitress asked us how it was. Overall, only the bread and wine were tasty. 
Telephoned to place a business order for bacon sandwiches and sausage sandwiches.Was greeted by the most unhelpful and aggressive person will never place business here. 
Food OK- BUT very overpriced, especially the drinks. Nice place, good food but why so expensive, it is almost as if they don't want ordinary people. Service charge is ADDED which I hate, I would rather tip the waiter but if you do that too, it almost doubles the cost. 
Went to this restaurant for some fine dining of French Cuisine. The only thing fine dining about the restaurant was the price. The food was average at best and the service was ok. Expected better though from a place described as fine dining and for the price I paid. Missus wasn't blown away either and she ordinarily likes her French food. 
I went to Chez Pascal on a whim, my boyfriend had failed to book anything so we sauntered around Sidcup hoping to find a restaurant with availability. The fact we were able to find a table was probably an omen. 
Never eaten in but placed an order for delivery don't do this the food took over an hour and half to arrive even though I live less than 5 minutes drive away. Portions were small for the price and the food was of course cold. If your going to try them I guess eat in those reviews are better. Guess they don't care about delivery orders. 
After reading the reviews and thinking it would be a little gem as we never bother eating in Sidcup, it all tends to be same ole except for one pub we tend to dine in London in both bistro style and up market hotels and restaurants on good offers on Opentable we decided to go after work one night mid week. Well what can I say but all the food was the same uninviting grey coloured mass in oil. Steak was so tough it was inedible and nothing like we get served in France, chicken chasseur was bland and grey in colour, decided not to go for pudding as the starters and mains was such a bad experience. All I say is people must be more tolerable then me or my friend (who by the way is a caterer and works in a top high end establishment in the city of London) Would not go back if somone offered to pay and will stick to the gastro pub in Sidcup (foots cray) if we want a meal out in Sidcup, which in our opinion has real good food. Oh by the way staff were ok. 
My wife and I dined at this restaurant with two friends, we arrived before our friends and were seated at a pleasant table in the nicely furnished restaurant. We ordered drinks and asked if we could have some bread and oil whilst we waited for our guests. we were told curtly by the waiter that we could only have bread once we had ordered our meal! Our guests arrived and whilst we were in conversation the waiter repeatedly interrupted to see if we were ready to order again he would not serve any bread. 
We had been recommended to try this restaurant by good friends. We were not expecting perfection, or as you can tell from the décor, a modern setting, but had been told it would be worth a visit and the food was great. HOWEVER, this was not the case. everything swimming in oil and a very dishevelled appearance by both the owner and the food. sadly disappointing. Our friends have since been back and are also very disappointed - don't waste your hard earned money here, there are many other lovely restaurants in Sidcup and they are far nicer. 
Went the chez pascal for a date night with my partner wish we hadn't of bothered! 
Honestly this place is overrated, bad food, stinky atmosphere, rude staff, we waited over an hour to receive our food and over 20 minutes to receive just the drinks! we kept asking for the drinks and they kept ignoring us and getting annoyed . what more can you say. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL. 
With so many good reviews on TripAdvisor, I thought this would be a great place. However we, a party of 6 were left extremely shocked. Personally after reading the reviews, I genuinely thought maybe people were talking about a different restaurant or maybe I totally got the wrong restaurant- I didn't, I checked whilst at the dinner table that it was the same restaurant with all these great reviews.  
My husband and I visited Di Paolo last Friday evening and unfortunately walked out before finishing our starters. This was purely down to two waiters that made us feel extremely uncomfortable and like everything was simply too much trouble for them both. 
I decided to visit this restaurant based on the reviews it received from this website. To say i was less than impressed would be an understatement. The service was poor so i was expecting the food to make up for it. It did not. The food was average at best. To give it some credit the presentation of the food was nice but i didn't come here for the art and as a restaurant it failed to do the one thing i expect all restaurants should - satisfy my appetite. Nor was it good value for money. I'm afraid i had to pick up a pack of chips from the chip shop down the road in the end. 
After reading many good reviews decided to visit chez pascual. The moment you walked in the door it screamed amateur. The tables are all wonky, they have cheap paper serviettes and cutlery. Disregarding this I expected the food to be excellent but again it all seemed amateur. The quality was not there. The so called wild mushrooms in the sauce were hard as if they were the freeze dried variety and not soaked before adding to the cream sauce. I don't know where the good value comes in as £14.95 for 3 small pork medallions, a few sauté potatoes, one small piece of broccoli and a few carrots all served on one plate does not seems like good value. I think they are relying on the fact that you can cut costs by taking your own wine which makes their bill appear cheaper than it really is. As for the plate presentation - it was more school dinners than French bistro! The food on our table was all under seasoned and uninspiring. The bread comes to the table already buttered which is a bit strange in this day and age. Needless to say we will not be returning which is a real shame as sidcup could do with a good restaurant. 
Such a disappointment. Went to Remos Italian in Denham Village as had not been there for years and was really looking forward to it. The food was terrible - lacking in flavour completely. I had Medallions of fillet of beef with mustard, onions, mushrooms and red wine sauce for main and the "sauce" was like a poor quality weak gravy and at £19.95 I would expect this dish to at least have a sauce with flavour. The quality of the beef was poor too. I was really disappointed with the entire meal and although the staff were efficient enough the service staff lacked any personality and the courses were delivered almost immediately after each other. There are such good Italians serving flavoursome food that I could not for the life of me understand how the food lacked flavour completely 
Post Christmas get together for 12.The table was booked 6+ weeks ago but when we arrived they had taken a booking for our table on that day.on arriving the other party were sat down but had not ordered anything.all we recieved was a feeble apology for the double booking and told to come back 45 min later.weall went round to the Falcon where we were staying and should have stayed. We eventually were seated after 10 and did not leave till the early hours of SundayService was poor , food overpriced and meagre portionsAvoid like the plague 
Was there on a business trip. The starter was excellent but the main was just awful. I ordered risotto, it was grey in colour and bland in taste. My partner had chicken and mushroom, the chicken was wet, fatty and tasteless. I complained to the staff (who were really nice) and was told that the chef/manager would like to see us at 'the front door'. He accused us of being drunk and that no one had ever complained about his food AND that we were not welcome back! Really?! 
Sadly this restaurant has devolved into Covid hysterics. Asking customers to use hand sanitizer on entrance, destroying your microbiome. Insisting on mask wearing even to take two steps to your seat. Waitress was blaming the fact the government is shutting them down on their customers' not taking mask wearing seriously enough, and not the govt itself. 
Whereas the atmosphere and service were good, unfortunately, the food was not. My pizza was soggy pizza base. 
We have just come out of this restuarant feeling fleeced as disappointed. We looked at their menu online and woked out it would cost about £40 for a meal for two. We ordered the same in the restaurant and noticed their new paper menus had prices about 30% higher than the ones online! Odd since VAT has been reduced from 20% to 5%. A bill that should have cost £40 ended up costing us over £70. Even with the eat out to help out we ended up paying just over £50 for sub-par food. Lesson learnt. Not coming here again. Forget Eat Out to Help Out. We would have spent LESS just ordering their food as takeaway. Don't appreciate the 30% eat in tax they charged us. See badly handwritten receipt that we cant even read attached. To the management - why have you increased eat in prices by 30% compared to your online menu? 
Decided last minute to try this restaurant on a Friday night for my birthday. 5 of us dined, ordered garlic bread which myself & my friend could not eat as it was pure garlic without much cheese (we both love garlic but even we couldn’t have a second bite of it as it was really over powering and quite honestly awful. We had ordered the Bruschetta (which does not state on you’re menu that this contains meat) if you serve 3 different types of this, it should be stated on the menu or explained once someone has ordered it. I am Vegetarian and my friend is a Muslim - luckily enough I questioned the waiter as what exactly was on it.. to my shock .. PORK! In a tomato sauce. It is unacceptable to not have the exact detail on the menu to explain that pork is in the starter. Standard Bruschetta (in Italy also) is not meat based - my friend who is fasting on Ramadan is a Muslim and can not eat pork due to his religion and could have eaten that. We were given an extra portion of the tomato one instead but it does not excuse this. Then the mains... 2 different types of pizza, both my friends left most of it as it was soggy and apparently not nice to eat. Myself & a friend tried the Raviolis - it was edible and we both agreed on that. My other friend had another pasta dish, which he requested to have less chilis in but was told that all sauces are pre made so nothing can be changed (to be fair it is stated on your menu) but I think that proves no sauces are prepared fresh and you could defiantly tell by the taste that it is not. When the waiter came to take our dessert order I made it pretty obvious I wouldn’t be ordering due to the terrible starter & main course but was not questioned to what was wrong with my meal and my friends meals. Which I think a waiter should check that food is ok as all other restaurant staff do check to ensure that people are happy with their meals. My friend wanted to try the tiramisu and the waiter said the cannolis were really good. Everyone tried the tiramisu & all agreed they had, had a better one out of Tesco’s as there was not much flavour to it, but the one thing I will say is that my two friends did enjoy the cannolis so at least you have one good thing on the menu. We all agreed to not revisit again as it was the worst Italian we had all eaten. For someone who has Italian family with 3 successful Italian restaurants in London - I feel I can give an honest review of Italian food and this was a very big disappointment especially on my birthday. Also I think after me making it obvious to staff I was not happy with the meal I was not spoken to regarding it and no apology was provided to myself or friend regards the meat on the Bruschetta ... also still charged the service charge on top ... really?! 
Aubergine parmigiana tasted like it came out of a box. Pizza tasted of nothing... Not even sourdough as they claim it to be. Salami & Ham on the pizza tasted like cheap Tesco value meats...  
The only takeaway I have ever had that was burnt. I have dined at this restaurant and found the food to be subpar. While at friends they ordered takeaway from here. I simply don’t understand the high ratings. Both experiences were quite bad.  
Really nasty curry. Meat was like bullets, had to send it all back. Please try another restaurant. Madras was way too hot and Dansak wasn’t right. Complained and they agreed and gave £5 off !  
I have been going to the Bekash on and off for almost as long as I can remember and although the food is nothing to shout about the service has always been a staple of the restaurant and one of the reasons that kept drawing me back. However I recently booked the Bekash for a birthday party and I have never experienced such rudeness from waiting staff in my entire life. The staff were ill-mannered, discourteous and unwelcoming. Food that I had ordered but never arrived was met with a sarcastic and snarky response when inquired upon, with the phrase "no, you didn't order that." Without even checking or politely dealing with the situation I was met with a surprisingly blunt statement which left me in shock. Moreover when I asked politely for another Cobra beer I was met with another round of rudeness, the waiter snapped at me asking me to "wait your turn" and to "let me finish the drink order." When I go for a meal with my long time friends, for my birthday none the less, I don't wish to be treated like a schoolboy getting a hiding from the teacher. Furthermore the drink never even arrived which added to the insult. In conclusion due to the sub par food, which left me filling somewhat ill afterwards, coupled with the horrendously rude staff I will never be returning to the Bekash which in my opinion looks like a tired establishment that needs to pack up and go. Thoroughly disappointed, but was not enough to spoil a great night. 
Order a take out arrive on time but order butter chicken ,received tandoori chicken  
I had takeout at this place and ordered the chicken tikka masala, chapati, and egg rice for dinner. Had it for dinner around 10pm, woke up at 12am with a terrible stomachache and spent the next 4 hours sitting next to the toilet, vomiting on and off. I eat at restaurants quite often but this is the first time I got food poisoning. Never going to this place again. 
Positives 
Be very careful, they will be polite and then rip you off on the bill at the end of the night. 
Aside from the staff being rude, the food was awful. The prawns were off. Not only was I still expected to pay full price for a meal I had one mouthful of, but I was also overcharged for drinks we never had. When disputed we faced two workers arguing the toss on it! 
Have been ordering here for 10+ years but in recent months they have been difficult about delivering to us in Dagenham. Every call we would be told an hour minimum wait as if they were trying to put us off, and the guy on the phone was so rude. The last straw was when they took our order and said they would see what they would do. We would have to wait an hour then maybe not even get our food. I will never order from here again.  
We as a family came accross this restaurant looking at the reviews however I must say the service was the worst and food was terrible!!!.  
I worked in India for a year. I have visited indian restaurants all over the world, of course the best ones are in India. Back home in Birmingham we have some decent ones. After following other reviews we decided to book our office party. We were very disappointed as standard of food was well bellow expected. One positive , beer was cold , all in all it was a poor experience. 
The restaurant was overbooked 
There is no quality in the food and the colouring makes everything look so fake. There are much better Indian restaurants  
Read some positive reviews on here so decided to visit with a party of 10. The waiter was incredibly rude and made a few unnecessarily negative comments. Food came out and not one of us enjoyed it. Put a dampener on the entire night. Do not visit!! 
It was my first time ordering takeaway and I calculated my order to cost £11.80 I ordered a bottle of Coke (diet) and it then cost £14.50 .. Only talking 20-30 pence but nether the less still overcharged ... I paid extra for breast chicken in my Madras and got normal chicken cubes ..?.. They gave me complimentary poppadoms with no sauce or onion salad and a bottle of normal Coke when I asked for diet .. The food wasn't bad , but my chicken madras was swimming in oil .. The main dish came in a small square container too same size as the rice which I thought was quite stingy bearing in mind I paid £5 for it ... And I have not stopped passing wind all night since eating it which is unusual for me ... Don't think I'll order from here again .... Don't be fooled by the reputation it's got.. It's not all that ! ... Good luck !  
I went to this restaurant after hearing rave reviews but ended up feeling cheated. My friend and I ordered a meal for two and a couple of beers and the bill presented was £67! After scrutinizing this bill with the waiter, every little condiment was an added few pounds including popadoms at £4!! Dips another £4...Etc... Good food but a real rip off! 
Ordered a takeaway and was told 20 mins, called back by restaurant 10 mins later to check Address, told only 10 mins away. Called back 30 mins later to be told its with the driver who isn't just delivering your meal sir! Food turns up 10 minutes later COLD!! Never going back here again, will pick from one of the many in hornchurch essex 
Used to go here weekly for years but unfortunately we started finding that the prices for things were changing every week, going up. As a family we order the same meal each time but the prices just got more and more to the point where it was getting extortionate. Of course we mentioned this and as we were loyal customers known on a first name basis expected it to stop after the first time but it didn't so we moved on. Looking back the food wasn't even worth the price on the menu let alone what we were getting charged. The chicken was known to be tinny and dry and the rice was never enough portion size for the sauce. In my opinion it seemed like the waiters who priced up the bill were charging more to pocket as a sort of extra tip. Won't ever go back there and would recommend a lot of restaurants ahead of it, although the staff are generally friendly but you get that and a lot more elsewhere in the surrounding areas.  
My wife and I fancied a curry one Saturday lunch time and after a quick browse of trip advisor headed to Bekash. As we are new to the area we were excited to see such a well rated indian in our area. 
We went here for their banquet night on a Wednesday and had a chicken dish and lamb dish, the lamb was fine but the chicken had a very strong unpleasant charcoal taste that made it impossible to eat. The rest of the meal was fine but we told the waiter that the chicken did not taste right, he then spoke to his colleague and without out approaching us directly just said it's fresh! Now we were not saying this for a discount or anything like this we were just letting them know but they were rude and abrupt for no reason as even the most constructive of criticism was not taken well at all. Really disappointed as the reviews were so good but that ruined our experience. Would not return. 
The waiters catcalled us me and my three friends and stared at us, not a very inviting environment :/ 
This is overrated restaurant. Maybe ok for people who do not Indian food regularly. 
Just tried ordering by telephone! Tried to explain to the waiter what I required! Waiter was extremely rude and told me he was the owner and if I didn't like the way the food got served! I was to go elsewhere! I think the owner needs to make changes to his workers as the continuously make mistakes and they have no manners on the phone what's so ever! I have never been told by a curry house to go elsewhere! Personaly I wouldn't ever recommend anyone to go there! Extremely rude 
Had the worst experience of my life asked for a sparking water to be forced to buy a huge bottle of water and when objected the waiter forcible decided he would grab my partners hand and try and push for a litre bottle of water even though we objected. Beware at your pearl. The awards mean nothing as customer service is horrific would never visit this place again 
After getting takaways from the restaurant, I thought we would sit in,the service was ok,had chicken chat to start which was nice,then the mains came,I had shashlick chicken,well the chicken was completely dry and inedible, I called the waiter over to tell him,the waiter was very good, but once I get a bad meal I don't want anything else,as my partner was eating their dinner,I wasn't prepared to wait for a fresh dish,well they brought me a new dish,which looked completely different to the first one,they also brought me 2 lots of rice, this is after I told them I didn't want anything, when i asked for the bill it was £60,I wasn't paying that, so I just paid for the 2 starters and a bottle of wine, I feel very let down by the restaurant and I won't be using as takeaway,an unhappy customer 
We visited here as they were top Indian on trip advisor and I'm sure food is great! We sat down and the waiter asked me if we wanted popadoms? I said yes and he asked if we wanted chutneys? I said yes and u saw him glance at a table near us and I thought, is he really going to pass us 2nd hand dips??? He picked them up walked through the kitchen and straight back out with the same ones with all the spills down the side!!! That was me game over!!!!! What a stupid business!!! Food might have been amazing but I'm not eating some other peoples 2nd hand finger food!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Advertised as the best restaurant however was misleading. Meat dishes were dry and none of the dishes had any spice or taste. All the lamb dishes was tough. Prices great for the dishes if they were actually good. Would never eat there ever again or recommend to anyone too. Spent £72 on the food for dinner for Mother's Day with the family and the food was terrible.  
Prices displayed online are cheaper than what they really are! Service was terrible, they didn’t listen to anything we said and spoke very quietly and quickly. The chicken pathia was ridiculously spicy and they assured us that it wasn’t very hot. The chicken tikka masala was tasteless. When we complained about the pathia being too spicy they just poured loads of sugar in it instead of making a new one less spicy or actually making it milder. We asked for our bill twice and still didn’t receive it, ended up having to track down the waiter and paying standing in the middle of the restaurant. We told them our complains and received no sympathy or compensation for our shoddy meal. Worst curry I’ve ever had. 
The starting experience seemed very nice until we received our food which is on par with my nans chicken casserole who I forgot to mention is blind and also cannot cook at all, but at least she does not charge us an extra 40p for chicken breast which we did not ask for and was not stated in the menu as even an extra not to mention just adding it to the bill without our knowledge which I'm sure is against the law! To top it off we paid £5.25 for a half tumbler of dissarano and coke (our mistake but I thought I was in romford not regent street) 
Stay away from this Balti House. Not North Indian but rather Bengali or Bangladeshi food. Poor choices for vegetarians and the non vegetarian was poor quality. 
Having tried to order a delivery, I found the staff rude and unhelpful. The gentleman I spoke to over the telephone not only tried to charge for delivery (in spite of the assurance on all of their literature that they do not when deliverying to particular areas) and then lost his temper when I pointed this out to him. 
As a regular diner in Romford and visiting Bekash only once i cannot believe it gets all these good reviews. The Asia Spice only a few doors away is far better and if you like Italian Ciao Bella near Wetherspoons is, in my view, the best restaurant in Romford. 
Got a Lamb karahi delivered. Delivery was fine etc but the food was practically inedible. Lamb rubbery. Sauce rubbish.  
I visited this restaurant for the first time with my wife. Was looking forward to a brilliant meal. I ordered the meatball as they stated just like you mama would make. What a joke, nothing like what mum makes. No flavour, rock solid, grey looking inside and warm inside;not hot. The hottest thing I got was the plate which suggests a microwave was involved in the process. I didn't complain on the night as I didn't want to ruin a date with my wife. Maybe they were having a bad night but it will take a lot for me to go back again. In defence of them my wife's pizza looked very good. If you want meatballs then probably not the place to go. 
Never again - got a takeaway yesterday as I often go to Grapes, a sister restaurant (in fact Grapes is amongst my top 5 Indian restaurants in West London). Chicken tikka was dry & stringy and mushroom bhajee was average at best. Both dishes I regularly order at Grapes & greatly enjoy. Worse still I spent all night running to the toilet and have still not recovered. 
The butter chicken was curried chicken. Paneer was rubbery. The only highlight of the meal was the naan bread. Wouldn’t go back again. 
Our group of friends meet up about four or five times a year and look forward to catching up over a drink and good food. Yesterday evening had been arranged for some time and a booking had been made, on recommendation,for Le Petit Nantais. A £20 deposit was required for our group of 9 to confirm the booking. 
Take away ct madras watered down sauce Bombay potato hard .surprised as all other orders have been good 
Very small restaurant, food arrives warm and rather bland. Friends that have been going to this restaurant for years are in agreement that it has hugely gone downhill. 
Yeah it's ok but amazed the amount of reviews menu is quite limited and the prices are high but others don't seem to agree  
As a member of cabin crew for one of the largest airlines at Heathrow, I'd heard a lot of recommendations for this Indian restaurant and their delivery service. 
Spent an hour in restaurant and did not get the food we ordered when questioned the reply was that they were busy with take away orders will not go back 
Visited local pizzeria, pressure selling all night on drinks, food average to cap it all off when we got the bill without a breakdown. When I queried the amount was told it was correct when I insisted on breakdown discovered charged for salad that didn't come and a round of drinks that we did not have or order. 
After reading the reviews we decided to visit Mario's. We went along in the afternoon to have a look. The shutters were down but it had the opening times displayed. On a Friday it was open from 5 to 10. We went back in the evening at 7pm and the shutters were still down. Very disappointing! 
I visted with friend but we come away hungry. Small plate, small restaurant. I think the food not fresh that night. Not worth traveling from london to go there, disappoint, 
as the restaurant was closed today when we visited at 1.00, though according to information published online, it is open at lunchtime and in the evening seven days a week. To judge by other reviews, we are not the only people who have turned up to find the shutters down and no indication of actual opening hours. We had a lovely meal in another local restaurant and will not be bothering with this place again. 
Have tried to eat here twice now and each time we have been met with a bad attitude member of staff and ended up going to the Hayes branch instead as they appear to know how to treat their customers.  
We were booked for the evening of the 27th December turned up by bus on a very cold December night with children to find it closed. 
Visited Mario's with friends. Pizza was OK but pasta dishes were very poor. Don't believe they were cooked from fresh but heated up in microwave. Also owner very rude so atmosphere non existent!!!! Will not be visiting again!!! 
I must also share in the comments mentioned in review by Janice 
I was drawn to this restaurant with high expectations due to the many positive reviews. I do not wish to write anything detrimental to the owners. But all I will say is that I think the many who have given this place such high ratings have never eaten in an Italian restaurant worthy of 5 stars such as River Café and the likes. To me it does not offer the simple, fresh, authentic or wholesome ingredients of a true Italian Restaurant. 
Very very slow service. It took an age for us to be served. We had to try and get their attention everytime we wanted something even the drinks which took at least 10 minutes to arrive and there was only four people in the restaurant including us initially.Tapas was ok not very exciting but expensive for choice would not be going again. 
We booked a table for three at 7pm but arrived at 6.50 having found parking easier than expected. We were turned away rather than invited to come in and have a drink until they were ready. The proprietor made it clear by his body language that we should not be there early so we went and sat in our car until 7pm. We went back in at 7.02 and stood waiting for a minute. Someone came in at the back, fiddled with something and then disappeared again without acknowledging us. We decided that this was too unwelcoming for us to stay so we went a few doors along the road and found a very friendly welcome and had a very good meal at another restaurant. We therefore cannot rate the quality of food but have to advise you NOT to arrive early or expect a friendly welcome 
I haven't been here for a couple of years and my last visit was good, well you cant really mess up a steak. Anyway we went last night for my birthday, we had crevets and mussels to start. 
Didn’t eat here, waiter said we need to book , he wasn’t very accommodating as there where 4 empty tables available, waiter looked worst for wear at 7pm, small restaurant, wasn’t what I was expected, went to prezzo up the road had a lovely meal in great surroundings similar food but larger menu  
This used to be a favourite restaurant with some of the best food around but what's happened? Rude, brusque service - when you are served, not offered specials, drinks, I could go on. Waited 25 minutes for a drink, I could go on. When we tried to complain we were told 'we are busy'. No way to treat your customers.  
This is not a restaurant but a cafe without cooking facilities. The 'homemade' soup was shop bought Carrot and Coriander (I've bought it myself!) . We got under half a bowl each and charged £6.50 each for the privilege. The 'homemade bread' was cheap presliced. A cheese and onion pasti, which they microwaved, was at least authentic but the salad from a mixed salad packet, some leaves too rotten to eat and cost £7.95. So unless you want to be ripped off don't go here. 
Went to this restaurant on Saturday night with four friends, including a visitor from Canada. Although we had prebooked, we were placed at a table (which had not even been laid in advance) bang next to an accordionist who played virtually non-stop throughout our stay and made conversation impossible. We were handed a standard menu accompanied by a typed list of unpriced specials. The service was casual with most of the attention being paid to a very large group of people celebrating someone's birthday. Although we have previously had reasonably good meals at this restaurant, our treatment on this occasion means that we shall never go again. A waste of £206. 
I was sitting outside today in the sunshine and couldn't believe what I saw. A couple had just left an outside table close by me. The waiter picked up the display of small flowers which were on the table, proceeded to place them in the filthy dirty KERB behind a CAR, together with a bottle of water. He 'cleaned' the table over. A man walked by and flicked his cigarette over the flowers and water. The waiter proceeded to put the flowers back on the table ........ Unbelievable. Disgusting. Steer clear. 
This tiny cafe advertises homemade goodies and high tea. We bought the most expensive scones we have purchased on our 3 week trip through Ireland and London, which would have been fine if they were delicious. They were just okay and a bit on the dry side and very small. I also thought high tea at 40£ and 30£ was too much for a tiny and cluttered cafe - it’s not like a high tea at a fancy restaurant or hotel. I would not recommend this place.  
It was my partners birthday and so I wanted to treat her to a nice meal out. Maybe we should've gone elsewhere. 
We went as a family of four. We were disappointed. We were even more disappointed when we wrote with feed back only to receive a very arrogant and rude response from the owners. 
Michelin star? Really? 
While ordering from the 3 course menu, I asked if any of the desserts took longer than usual. This is a very reasonable question given many restaurants do have desserts that need to be prepared a little in advance. Instead of just saying “no” or “yes” he asked “what? are you in a hurry?” I was so thrown off by the attitude I simply said yes and ordered a dessert. He then took orders from the rest of the table and sneered “who else is in a hurry?” which was blatantly an attempt to embarrass me i. front of everyone else. All because I asked if any desserts took longer?! is this meant to be Michelin star service? and i said “no just me” to which he replied in a spiteful, catty tone “calm down.” I have never been spoken to like that in any restaurant. I said “excuse me?!” as did my husband because it was so rude, but the waiter ignored us. I didn’t say anything after that. I asked around and other people have complained about him and his poor attitude. He made the whole experience horrible. Such a shame as i’d flown from san francisco to have this birthday meal with my brother and niece. What an awful man, he shouldn’t ever have a job dealing with customers. Apparently he’s leaving to work at a Harley Street surgery reception or something, I feel sorry for those patients already. 
Some starters; fine good taste 
food very good but owner should not take bookings when kitchen is unable to cope. 
Place looked a bit run down and very crammed, cakes were small and overpriced for what it was. Total tourist trap. Can't understand how it merited a high rating on here - feel let down by TripAdvisor. For decent cafés head to the high street - check out Street Leonards Road 
My partner told them on several occasions that she is extremely allergic to gluten.  
Steer clear of the quiche. Tasteless couldn't be eaten. Pull from menu or get a new recipe.salad not up to snuff. 10% disc didn't cut it. 
Some of the food was good; some average; chicken in blue cheese sauce was delicious. Friendly, chatty staff. Attractive interior. 
I have been wondering to what degree a restaurant should be rated by its food compared to its ambience and its service. This was brought to a head when I visited The Glasshouse with a friend. 
Average food and service. The owner doesn’t like criticism. So when we tried to inform him of our experience in a polite way he got defensive and said he didn’t want us back. The food industry is a tough industry to survive in. Good quality food and decent customer service are essential. Without these things consistently a food business will not survive. The owner needs to learn a few things if he wants the business to be successful long term. We won’t be back as if you can’t get it right the first time there’s thousands of other food businesses out there who we will go and give a try. 
This was to be a highlight of the year, the food options on paper sounds perfect but as others noted pigeon-size portion, poorly executed e.g. Duck not cooked through with skin that was not only not cooked but would not come away from the meat. 
Previously liked this place, but was so discusted the way the owner spoke to me. The food is nice and the girls that work here are lovely, when I was leaving and I explained to the owner he must be a bit short staffed as we all waited 20minutes to get a drink. He almost wanted a fight!! Disgusting horrible people. Do not give these people your money! I would rather starve! In fact now I’m sober I feel like going to see this guy to finish our argument! 
I booked a table on Friday evening. When we arrived they didn’t have the booking. They hurried and got us a table and pointed to it. No menu, no greeting. After several minutes someone glanced over and said something. I asked for a menu and I was pointed to a pile of menus. I went a hot two menus which were filthy. Staff seemed very uninterested and the place was a shambles. We walked out ! 
Such a disappointment. I heard lots of good things about this place and as such, decided to come here for my seven year anniversary dinner. The service was average but the food was poor; lobster, chicken and lamb had absolutely no flavour. I wouldn't recommend the place, especially if anyone is planning a special meal. 
Very poor service and long waiting for glass wine. Wouldnt recommended it to anyone not worth what it costs 
The food are normally very nice. Staff is friendly but unfortunately the owner (lady) have no idea how to talk to customers. I will not recommend this place to anyone. 
Booked almost a month ago but when we arrived at 8pm we were shown to the only table situated in front of the folding front doors, which was drafty and cold. We asked to move to one of the 4 free tables but were told that all of those tables were reserved for people who had asked to sit inside the restaurant & if they moved us those others customers would be unhappy. They should not take bookings for that table in the winter, it pure greed to assign that table to people who do not know to request not to have it! The manager was condescending and unhelpful. We left without ordering food. 
We booked this restaurant in advance for 6.30-8.30. Yes they give you a particular time slot. I had heard mainly good things so we decided to give it a go as its so local to us. They sat us at a table for 2 which was cramped and squashed against the wall near the front windows and door. Barely room for my husband to get in his seat and his chair was touching the chair behind him. We asked if we could be moved to one of the other 3 or 4 empty tables for 2 to which were point blank told no as these were all reserved. We commented that we were not asked if we wanted to reserve a particular table when we booked and she said no they are reserved for certain times and they cannot swap anyone around as they have 6.30-8.30 and 7-9 and 8.30-10.30 bookings for different amounts of people and it would mess it all up and wouldn't work. I am assuming this was the 2 owners that we were speaking to who were completely unaccommodating and not interested at all in keeping the customer happy. They were both rude and conceited and refused to move us and just left us at this table with menus. The prices are quite high for a restaurant on a bend of the busy Fencepiece Road/Tomswood Hill junction, which we were aware of and didn't mind as we thought it would be nice to go somewhere different for a change. The attitude of the management put us off instantly and we really didn't want stay so we found somewhere else to go and left without ordering any food or drink. As we were leaving the guy who seated us opened the door for us to leave and said "goodbye and don't ever come back"!! To which we replied, extremely shocked, that their attitude is appalling and you should never treat your customers the way you are treating us and that we have never been spoken to in such an appalling disrespectful manner by restaurant staff! He was literally closing the door on us. The manageress/owner didn't even look our way and was completely not interested. I said she needs to get some peoples skills training! We have never encountered such rudeness from restaurant management before. I see from a few other reviews that they have experienced the same treatment. They will not last long if they treat their customers this way. Just awful treatment and cramped seating arrangements even if you do go there to eat. AVOID AVOID AVOID 
We visited Basil & Grape for lunch and were left feeling a bit underwhelmed. Firstly we ordered the ‘Italian’ crisps which were just crisps out of a packet and tasted like Walkers ready salted crisps for £2.20. We were expecting something a bit more exciting, maybe vegetable crisps or something with seasoning. The waiter was friendly but whilst preparing our pizza he answered the phone with the same blue glove that he was preparing our pizzas with. After hanging up on the telephone he did not change his blue glove. Not sure that is very hygienic. However, we did feel sorry for the waiter as he was on his own having to prepare pizzas, wait on tables and take calls. He could have done with the help of another member of staff. Our pizzas were okay and the portion size was fine. It’s a shame the Coca Cola glass bottles were only the small 200ml, as you run out of drink very quickly before you finish your meal. 
When we walked in, we were confronted (rather than greeted) by a hostess in a black shirt who asked abruptly if we had booked. We felt as we had to be apologetic for not having booked despite a few free tables. Perhaps this question can be asked In a different tone. Ordered wine, olives, pizza and some water. Wine came quickly and that was it. 10 min later I had to go to the bar to remind about olives. 15 min later had to remind about water. It was annoying to wait for things while watching the hostess chatting away with either a friend at the bar or it was a colleague who finished her shift. In any case it did not look professional. While waiting I had to kill 4-5 flies that lived in the menus on the table and kept appearing like in a damp pub. Asked to change tables but were not allowed to. Pizza came in and was tasty. Wine and food was good but the experience was ruined by the evident lack of a good manager on the ground and appropriate training for waiters.  
Second visit here and will never return again. The restaurant was very busy when we arrived with only a few empty tables. Took ages or firstly order our food, we had no problems with this at all.. my sister was lovey but my wife offered a spinach and cod Bake I think, it was full of bones which my wife complained about. We raised this with the manager and he advised us it’s salted cod and if we understood Portuguese food we would know it comes with the full cod bone... No problems lesson learnt from our prospective. Ordered mains and whilst my wife’s one came out and mine was still not ready, 10 mins passed before mine came out and I had to complain to the waitress and ask to speak to the manger to find out what was going on. It transpired my order was sent to the next table as the person was Having the same as me ( they had only complained 10 mins before that there chicken was not cooked and pink) the manger instead of apologising was very patronising and said we are finding fault in there food... whilst my chicken was pleasant I had some very well cooked pieces - see attached... waitress was fantastic but manager was a rude patronising man. Would never return here again.... 
Came here with my girlfriend a couple of evenings ago, on the menu it states at the bottom gluten free pizza is available as sadly my girlfriend cannot eat gluten, much to our utter dissapointment when we requested the gluten free pizza at the point of ordering (which was 20 minutes after being seated) we was informed by the waiter there was none available. Which I find outrageous. But netherless we percerviered and she ordered a salad. Sadly though we waited 27 minutes for our drinks from ordering them and at this point there was still no sign of her salad nor my panini. I was incredibly hungry. I Could not cope anymore with the wait and sadly had to leave unfed and settle for a tescos meal deal which is conveiniantly next door and did not dissapoint, unlike the basil and grape! 
Visited on the weekend - Sunday, we have been once before and really enjoyed it. This time was different. Opened the door to be greeted by a women sitting down on a stool doing paperwork. Told us to sit anywhere. We opted for a booth. No one came over for at least 10 mins because our waiter was talking to a group of people in the booth behind us for that time. No music and no atmosphere. Left without eating or a drink. Very disappointed, not good vibes at all.  
It was not good at all. Bred English mushy. Fish over cooked very dry. Hardly no sauce. Un tasty. Very disappointing. Just 2 poor scallop fighting to breath. I do not recommend. I am French I love food. This is not to the standard and reviews are over rated.  
Specified for cutlery on the order as staying in a hotel and do not have access to any to then get sent out food with no cutlery. The food was also not hot but that didn't matter as I couldn't even eat it. 
I visited this restaurant recently for lunch, first impressions was good nice clean decor it has a fresh feel about it, however the food was something else. 
Firstly, I must say the restaurant looks lovely. Its modern decor is really refreshing when you walk in, and defiantly helps to add something different to the local area. 
I'm a big fan of Wagamama... so as we were in Staines we decided for dinner to yet another visit. We ordered chicken gyozo (okish), my pad thai was utter crap (badly overcooked noodles, a few horrible pieces of chicken and 4 cold prawns)... once back in the hotel i felt ill and was on toilet half of the night.My partner had a tasteless ramen (coloured water and a few noodles and some chicken)... service was good though... food was just horrible... you may have lost a loyal customer. 
ATTENTION to all the locals! I am putting 1 star since I can't put 0.. Do not go to this restaurant, you will be really disappointed... Me and my boyfriend came for a meal yesterday, it was a very hot day, so we decided to go up the road to this Portuguese restaurant instead of driving all the way to central London since we were very hungry and this place looked really pretty. We came in at 5pm.  
Bought a meal for a family of 7 to takeaway (because there is a new baby in the family and dining at the restaurant would be difficult). What a big mistake it was. Dry tasteless food. An example is Ramen with no broth. Dry beef in dry noodles. The beef was of poor quality - consistency of liver!!! All the other dishes were similarly disappointing.  
Visited at 8.30pm. Received terrible service, I waited 5 minutes to be spoken to when I arrived, and when I said I was there for a collection the waitress Sandra told me it probably wasn't ready yet (she didn't ask my name or how long ago I ordered) after waiting another 10 minutes with no interaction from staff she finally asked me again what I was there for. I repeated I came for a collection, she checked the packing area and my food was ready. It had been sitting there ready since I stepped through the door. I asked if it would have gotten cold by now and she told me to check it. Very disappointed with the wait and lack of service from staff. I appreciate it was busy but it didn't stop other staff from having a chat instead of giving out collection orders that were lukewarm. I am very disappointed and will never order from this restuarant again. 
Very dissapointing after high expectations, ordered a lamb curry and asked for it to be medium hot,was told they do it hot, it arrived looking yellow, not spicy at all and the actual meat pieces were bland, I ate it with rice which was worse as I tasted nothing. Won't be ordering from there again. 
The food and service is very good. However, when enquired about why I have been charged £4.40 for 2 popodoms, I was told the price is different for dining in, also they charged me for the chutney, which was not shown on the bill. Surely this must be the most expensive popodoms in London if not the whole of UK. Surely, you should only charged for chutneys if I have ordered for it, which I did not and its a normal practice to get free chutneys with popodoms in other Indian restaurants. I found that untrustworthy. Again, food and service is good but 4.40 for 2 popodoms is just too ridiculous. Do check your bill when paying. 
Food was alright but service was horrible. We we're greeted and seated, given menus but later as we were eating no one came to us afterwards even if we have finished and put our dishes aside to show we're finished.  
I was served rice with a large amount of scouring pad in it - was put off the rest of my meal and returned my plate. Fortunately we identified it before my grand daughter ate hers. The Manager was very apologetic and reduced the bill by 15% but I refused to pay for the food I returned with the scouring pad in it. I've previously heard good reviews but not one I'm going back to. On the up side, you can take your own alcohol. 
Cannot believe that I paid £15 for a bowl of tasteless noodles and coloured water! Oh and there may have been a few teaspoonfuls of dry duck thrown on the top. 
Please respect those that don’t want to drink alcohol. As much as it is your profitable goal to sell alcohol, people have their personal reasons as to why they don’t want to drink alcohol. You a nice restaurant business but it is only acceptable that I advice you that it’s against the law to lure in your customers into something they directly and boldly said “NO” from the beginning. Your approach in between our dinner conversations you really stirred up my evening with pear pressure, embarrassment and judgemental actions spoke louder than words. As to what impact that made I won’t say but I was really upset. Please respect non alcoholic people, we are as much humans as anyone else. Thank you. 
I have actually dined a Waggas before for a light lunch and I thought it was quite good, so decide to try it again on a Saturday night after the cinema. 
So I popped in to Wagamama to try out what everyone is raving about.  
I must say the service was excellent. The hungarian host was very professional. Sadly, I couldn't say the same for the two Ramen Soups. Had to return both. And the host didn't charge us at all. That's excellent service. 
One of the worst restaurants for service I’ve ever been to. Certainly the worst Wagamama. No one smiles, they’re all miserable and they bring the wrong food to the table.  
Just had a take out from the Staines branch - spent £80 and was the worst food we have ever had - see pictures  
We booked to go have dinner. They didnt have a table as booked per number. After seated in a wrong table no one offered any menu for 15mins. The waiters pushed me while standing without saying sorry. Then they asked us to change table as they offered our tables to the people they knew. I guess Italians as well. I was so looking forward to experience a good time there but had to leave as they were so rude. 
Booked a table for 5 people and asked for 1 high chair, got there about 15 minutes early, we had to wait about 5 minutes with a baby in a car sit in the middle of restaurant till somebody would serve us.  
After reading the reviews we had high expectations of this restaurant and were bitterly disappointed. Firstly, they try to cram as many people in as they possibly can making it almost impossible to even walk to your table.  
Having recently moved to the area we decided to visit this restaurant with my brother and his girlfriend. 
We ordered take-away. Our order, included among other things, Lucknowi Dum Lamb Biryani and Delhi style Daal Makhani. My opinion, amongst the worst meals I have had.  
Unfortunately this review doesn’t even deserve 1 star. Not pleased with the oily, greasy food. Will not be ordering from here even if you paid me. 
Used to be one of our favourite restaurants in Chigwell. Food was always lovely. Ordered on NYE and waited 3.5 hours for food. Called 4 times and was given a different excuse each time. Turns out, no one had actually bothered to pick up the food. Appreciate a busy night, but not like they had people sitting in the restaurant as well. All that was offered in terms of compensation was a 10% discount on our food order for the next time we visit - which won’t be anytime soon. Listened to the restaurant rep swear and shout whilst I remained on the phone waiting to see what was happening with the order. Unprofessional. 
Don’t order a takeaway from here they took 95 minutes to deliver a greasy mess of a meal this is the last time ill be using them  
This restaurant is listed on tastecard and meerkate hence 2 4 1 which by goverment should work with the percent government eat out scheme however when we questioned them first we were told they didnt know what tastecard was then we were told that tastecard had imprinted their name and they were not part of it finally we were told they dont deal with the scheme even though tastecard clearly states it can be used with the goverment scheme offer!!! 
Ordered food, it didn't show up. I called the restaurant to address the problem. The man on the other end of the phone was rude, and incompetent, and lied to me about our experiences, refusing to offer a refund for their pathetic service (or lack thereof) 
Takeaway Food ordered at 18.45 still waiting at 21.45 arrived 21:50. Called twice waiting never again. Said they are very busy. If they can’t cope shouldn’t take the order very poor service via just eat.  
I have to eat a gluten free diet for medical reasons, rather than lifestyle choice, or become very ill. The restaurant said they could cater for a gluten free meal. 
I have just eaten at this so called Indian restaurant and it was the worst Indian food I have ever had, I love Indian food but this is a insult to India its people culture and food absolute disgrace my starter was warmed up chicken with grated cheese and coriander melted on top my main was butterfly prawns with a tin of warm tomatoes with God knows what spices sprinkled on top.and I don't know why but I was stupid enough to order the supposedly authentic Indian rice pudding that was frozen and reheated even the lady sitting on the next table asked me what the heck is that lol. I should have given up after the starter believe me give this a body sworve 
Went for a meal over 1 hour before closing time, and was welcomed with “you better be quick” ... complete mood-killer and ruined the evening. Food was average nothing amazing. I wouldn’t go back there again as it was shocking service and as a customer I was made to feel unwelcome and slightly embarrassed. Staff seemed grumpy, no atmosphere. Not the best place for a night out - there’s better! 
I know Italy and Italian food very well and the quality of what was served up here was lamentable, for example fridge-cold tinned tuna in an "insalata nicoise", which they coudn't even spell right on the menu. I selected that rather than one of the pizzas, since the so-called Napoli pizza contained cheese, which is has nothing to do with traditional pizza napolitana. I also avoided the lasagne since this promised to contain mince meat, again something that set off warning bells. 
I'm aware of the mainly positive reviews for this restaurant, but I can only comment on my lunch experience.  
We ordered at 20:14 and received order at 21:55 (after phoning to check where it is). Order was cold and bhajee’s looked liked they had been kicked around the floor they were so crumbled and mashed up. Order was cold. Missing items and had random items added. Have ordered from this restaurant for 10 years but has recently been awful. Hair on the nan bread!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Will not be ordering again. Will personally complain in the restaurant when we’re passing. So angry that I never normally post reviews but please do not order from here. I hope for the restaurants’ sake we are not ill from this because of how cold / lukewarm it was. Tasted it then threw it. Complete waste of money. Tasteless. 
Possibiy the most inhospitable hosts I have come across in a long time. Very abrupt staff. It took half an hour before they took our drinks order, and that was only because we asked a passing waiter if we could order drinks. The first time our waiter came out with more than a single syllable word or grunt was when he asked if I wanted to leave a gratuity, you can guess what my answer to that was! 
Went from bad to worse. Starters came up cold on cold plates and our white wine was served up warm. Has to break all the rules and put a cube of ice in the glass! The different curry dishes all tasted of the same sauce, whether it was chicken or lamb and again was not very hot in temperature. We had to beg for tap water repeatedly despite buying beers and wine. Worse thing was that when we were served our lobster dish one of the lobsters had a claw missing and in poor English the waiter apologised saying it had been involved in a fight at some point. We refused to accept it and asked him to bring us the winner of the contest. 
Four of us had a bad experience years ago, whilst dining at this restaurant. It is a long story, but some weeks later, the owner made a personal appearance at our door to apologise. On Saturday 9th Dec 17, we ordered through Hungry House. The food arrived some 50 minutes late. Upon opening it, we discovered the order was wrong, it was also only luke warm. 10 minutes later there was a ring on the bell. It was the delivery driver, he asked me to check the order, I explained it was in the bin, he left. Upon closer examination it was clear that he had delivered ours and some other poor souls order, hence the delay. I realise that Saturday nights are a busy time, and am prepared to be accommodating, but this was a 'step too far'. It beggars believe that this place is still trading. What a strange way to run a business! 
I ordered a take away, 
 It was fairly busy but we ordered and got our food fairly quickly, the food was nice but nothing special, but it took an hour before anyone cleared our plates! It was ridiculous, and our server was quite rude! Wouldn't come back again  
Ordered for the first time tonight based on TripAdvisor reviews. Ordered and paid on their website and received a confirmation email but having waited an hour and a half we rang and were told our food was on the way. 20 mins later, still nothing, rang again and were told it was still on the way. 10 minutes later we receive an email to say our order has just been accepted! Staff were really unhelpful and said all they could do was offer a refund. Hungry children and parents with no food!! Sorry TripAdvisor but I won't rely on reviews in the future and will stick with what I know. Wish we'd gone to Belsit.  
We were recommended to this restaurant and we were really looking forward to our evening. We made a booking but on arrival the table allocated to us had not been cleared. We were told to wait by the doorway until they were ready. After waiting for a considerable we were shown to a table. The tablecloth was littered with the previous occupants food,a dirty glass an old magazine with various pieces of cutlery strewn on top. The waiter sifted through the cutlery which was clearly surplus to the previous occupants requirements. We asked for clean linen and cutlery but the waiter walked away muttering to himself. We decided to leave. What a let down. 
My review is on the basis that I can cook Indian and that I do have a palette for knowing what the flavours should be like- this did not meet the mark. 
My Wife, mother inlaw her sister went their lunchtime the waitress offered them some water but accidentally dropped one of the glasses on my mother inlaw who then got drenched, they were asked if they would like to move but were not offered any compensation not even a serviette to dry off, the waitress then proceeded to clean the now wet table & floor before getting them their drinks, which they had to prompt her for. Subsequently they were reduced to ask for a discount off the bill as they were not happy with the service, no tip was given. 
Heard so much about this place from friends but i was bitterly disappointed if I'm honest. I don't profess to be a connoisseur of indian cuisine but i know a good indian when i see one. Lacking in both flavour and taste. I just couldn't recommend it. 
I am very sorry i cant give vote becuse what i see back ok there shop omg how people come there maybe good food but its not clen and very unhealthy smoking at back door and cutting food omg 
We have never come out of a restaurant with such negative feelings. This is an honest review based on our experience: 
Ordered the food at about 19:50. Food arrived 21:15. The driver claimed he got lost yet we ordered from them a few days ago. Theta re literally a 3 minute drive from my house. The food was cold on arrival and it’s too late to eat at 21:15! The popadoms were stale and soggy. I asked for a refund and the only response was that they use good quality delivery bags. How about good quality drivers! They clearly aren’t interested in repeat business. I will NEVER EVER EVER order from there again. Probably the worst customer service in the world! 
What a shame to have been treated this way by the Manager. Our food arrived but the rice was missing. 
Extremely disappointed  
I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala this evening and all that arrived was a tub of sauce. 4 small bits of chicken found through all the sauce.  
Took an hour to arrive.  
I was unable to go out, so I telephone for a take away, the person who replied was rude, and I was told there was no delivery that day, I live less than 10 min slow walk, yet I was told I could pick up my order! 
I was a regular patron of 97 when it first opened, the focus was probably slightly biased on the gin cocktails but the small plates were delicious and enabled you you to try many things. I also ate here when they stopped the small plates and served regular mains, although I preferred the small plates. My son and daughter took me out this evening to celebrate Mother's Day as we cannot do Sunday. We were eating elsewhere as I am more about the cocktails! My son went into to 97 last Sunday to enquire if we could book for just drinks in the upstairs bar (which is so much part of the experience of watching the construction of the various cocktails. He was assured that was fine and 3 seats were booked at the bar. My son telephoned 97 this morning to confirm the arrangements, he was told yes all fine. As it was a special occasion my son popped into 97 on his way to meet me and my daughter to say that we may be a few minutes late as we were eating dinner elsewhere, he again was assured this was fine. We arrived just after our 8.30 booking and were directed to 3 seats at the bar. We were then presented with menus, my son highlighted that we had booked only for cocktails (of which we intended having several) the staff member said the bar seats are for diners. My son explained that he had made a booking for drinks (which he had confirmed 3 times) the staff member called over the 'General Manager' who initially blamed the fact that she had new staff, and then in a patronising and condescending manner said we would have to go downstairs as upstairs "was all about the dining experience" this was loudly repeated and then grudgingly she said we could sit at the bar if we wanted as it was unlikely they would get any further diners. This was played out in front of all the other people seated upstairs. I felt very uncomfortable so said to my son and daughter "let's go downstairs as suggested". We went down the stairs,, there was only one table occupied by 3 people and no bar person behind the bar. If I wanted to virtually drink with my children alone I could do so at home. We were out for an evening of cocktails. We probably would have spent far in excess of the set menu cost. I asked my son if he would mind if we left and went elsewhere, as I was uncomfortable and would sooner spend our money elsewhere. Very disappointing and not helped by a manager who was willing to throw her staff under the bus by blaming them when things go wrong. 
Trying but missing mark massively. Food very average and portions micro small even for this type of restaurant. Lamb was chewy and raw. Goats cheese starter tasted like butter. Servers not frequent. Poor value for money 
We had 2x fried eggs on 2 very ordinary muffins, with 3 small slices of chorizo and a spoonful of avocado and 2 coffees - this was a very small breakfast. Cost = £27.00 I was shocked and will never return. I have no idea what makes them feel that they can charge so much for such a small amount of lukewarm food. I could have made the meal for about £5.00 so taking in to consideration the overheads, the profit is massive. 
Sadly this was a really disapointing evening and we will not be going back. My starter was very nice but my main of risotto was undercooked and chalky and did not work flavour wise. And the dessert we had was too perfumed and over complicated. The waitresses could not serve wine properly (constantly spilling it on the table) The main host/manager was patronising and made us feel very uncomfortable. She was also very defensive about the risotto and said it was supposed to be like that and that another customer ate it. This place was not about putting customers first. I prefer the sister restaurant in teddington.  
We just had takeaway curry and are extremely disappointed as 3 out of the 4 curries we ordered we very watery and tasteless.. we hardly ate any of them.. had such high hopes .. 
We visited yesterday for a belated Valentine's dinner. Several months ago we left a glowing review, but since then, most of what we found so appealing has changed. It is clear we are not the target demographic and were in and out in an hour and felt the restaurant had overcharged and under delivered. 
We arrived to have an early dinner with our kids (Age 8 &13) on Saturday the 6th January. It was really cold outside, and we all were very hungry. When we've arrived literally two tables were busy, the rest of the restaurant was empty. Waiter was certainly more interested in talking to two girls, asking about their plans, for the weekend and other irrelevant stuff.... while we were standing like lollies at the entrance. When finally he approached us, we've found out that they wont be able to give us a table until 8:30pm!!! It was 6:25 and the restaurant was empty. We wont not be going there again, even if the pizza is nice. Shame on them! I worked in restaurants business and this was just awful customer service :(( 
Food was good but cold. Service average. We had the 3 courses for £33 per person and had a total of 5 drinks. Final bill of £135. Shocked. Going back to dispute the 6th drink that We didn't have tomorrow. 
Meat starter dry 
We have been to fireball on a number of occasions. I can NOT fault the food. The food is ALWAYS good, however... what I have just experienced was probably the most rude encounter I have ever had with a waitress! We got to fireball and was “shown” a table by a girl with Halloween ‘skull’ makeup on. She rolled her eyes when we said we didn’t book and then TOLD us to wait whilst she got cutlery. As we were looking at the menus she came to the table and said “ oh ok maybe not then “ and walked away with the cutlery because we we had our arms on the table looking at the menus?  
I think you should be told when you arrive if there are NO working female loos on the premises. Was asked to go to a the sister restaurant next door. 
What counts to this place is making money and not taking care of customers - so I would avoid it if you want the assurance of a pleasant evening. Our experience - we booked a table for 3 at 18:30 and turned up on time. Someone who may have been the manager but failed to clarify his role, informed us that unfortunately he had given our table away as part of a larger group booking but that should be seen as understandable and reasonable from a business perspective. He pointed out that a table that would apparently become available in 10 minutes - except the people sitting there had just started looking at menus. But we could sit down and wait at our table that had been given away for 10 minutes before we would have to stand up again ..... with no prospect of another table. We started to discuss amongst ourselves that we may be better trying somewhere else... the manager heard us and ordered us out immediately! Simply poor and without any consideration for us or our evening. We left and had a good evening elsewhere - this place just does not deserve customers and with such a focus on revenue over customers, one wonders where else they might be cutting corners in any attempt to boost profits. 
But not anymore. You can see my old review if you are interested. Surly service today. Me: “Can I have haddock and chips please” Him: “Haven’t got haddock” No nicety, no smile, no “the cod is delicious” - double fried chips almost hard enough to use as nails. We threw them away.  
Arrived there one evening on bicycles just before closing time for a bag of chips. Paid £2.50 and to my horror, I watched the fryer take pre cooked, probably been standing, left over scrapings chips out from a compartment in the fryer and mixed it with the freshly prepared chips then re- cooked in the fat. I was ready to walk out but since I already paid, I wanted to wait and see if it was going to be palatable. It was disgusting, oily crunchy crisp like filth. I’m appalled. I don’t believe they will be trading long if they carry on like that! It’s a shame really, they are situated in a good location but no way is it a proper fish and chip shop! 
We were here tonight for late quick lunch, two of us 17.05 pm we order. The lady who served us was kind but little knowledge about the menu I showed her the picture of what we a a wanted it and she said is enough for two people,however we managed to order everything to share Bread and butter, whitebite, and Special Bruschette to share mixed seafood. Food came 17:30pm fair enough 25 minutes to wait for and “extraordinary” dish that cost 29.95£.Food arrived and what a disappointment the white bite were dry and tasteless and the sharing seafood plate was so small not even enough for one person, absolutely nothing like in the picture half of the plate was replaced by green salad and the rest was small pieces of salmon no salt and some mixed sea food, we were shocked by the size, I mean are you joking 29.95£ and the taste wasn’t very impressive. We spoke with our waiter and after with person on charge tall guy, we explained everything and all he said was this is it nothing I can do about it.  
as title explains itself, i wanna add low quality chip as well. I would recommend checking other alternatives 
Ordered takeaway during the Covid period after seeing the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. I don't know the food in the restaurant, 
We had the restaurant do a home delivery it was awful. The Pier1 "Special" of jumbo scampi, scallops and King Prawn was hopelessly undercooked (as were even the chips) and the Tempura was horribly soggy. The whole lot had to go in the bin - a waste of £35. Never again. 
Hidden deep within the backstreets of Windsor we had the misfortune of visiting this overpriced unfriendly restaurant. The cuisine was a cross between Algerian and Mcdonalds without the bacon double cheese burger. The kid’s menu was reminiscent of a frozen food selection.  
Dined at this restaurant with my wife as a special birthday treat but the celebration was spoiled by a very silly rude little man called Abdul. Firstly when we arrived he was very abrupt in trying to get us to sit down quickly then took ages to take our order even though the restaurant was half empty. The toilets were poorly located up a very narrow and slightly dangerous staircase and were not kept properly maintained as they smelt awful when I went inside. 
Disappointed by my visit here and surprised by the Trip Advisor rating as a few people I have shared my experience with did not enjoy it either. The chips and fish were both too greasy and the oil was a bit old. Had high expectations, but did not enjoy this meal at all and nor did the other 5 people I was with. 
It doesn’t close at 23.00; we arrived 22.20 and they told us the kitchen was already closed. No idea about how the food is 
I wouldn't normally write a review on a takeaway, but the chips I tasted from this establishment were that bad I feel like I need to warn people! They tasted like they had gone off, most were cold or underdone. All in all an awful experience... 
I don't make a habit of negative reviews, but it was very expensive especially given the poor quality chips. Might have gone there on a very bad day.  
Quite an unpleasant experience. To be fair, the place is very nicely decorated and that is really what attracted us to this restaurant - don't be fooled! The main courses were more like starter portions and extremely overpriced for what we had. We went there for a quiet lunch, but it was constantly interrupted by the rather smarmy man in charge, who appeared to consider himself charming - we couldn't wait to leave. There are far better restaurants to go to in Windsor - we certainly wouldn't go to this one again 
Food was so rubbish , so disappointed. Nothing that I would have imagined from reading the reviews. I booked for dinner after reading all the reviews but was so disappointed because it was not a true reflection of what I experienced. 
We went for a lunch meal, and took one appetizer and one main each. Apart from being just average food and nothing special, it was also difficult to digest. Not worth it and will not go back. 
food was dead, staff was dead, for the price we were expecting some high quality food and we ended up with some btec Mcdonalds leftovers that are thrown in the bin. I have been to Morocco and really enjoyed the food there, I go to your restaurant excited with my friends and we got what we got... And then you have the nerve to ask for a service charge and then say "see you soon?" as we walk out... 
After reading throughly through the reviews, I was expecting a great time. However, it was terrible. Service, food and even the atmosphere. Would not recommend 
One vegetarian starter, one vegetarian main and no vegetarian tasting menu. Utterly uninspiring. The starter is a soup. The main is pasta, how very predictable. It strikes me that the vegetarian option (singular) is very much an afterthought and merely a token gesture. Avoid.  
Two weeks ago, I ordered 2 pizzas and a focaccia with mozzarella to take away (Deliveroo). We could not finished them as the dough was raw and not properly leavened, in addition there was too much garlic in the focaccia. 
order took nearly 2 hrs. Pizza so so, fairly average, soggy. Taste ok. The salads were generously proportioned. Not recommended due to lengthy wait for delivery 
To be clear this review is for an online order via Deliveroo. 
Bitter pizza. It spoiled the taste. I do not eat burnt toast or pizza. I am sorry they need cleaning before putting a new dough in.  
Yes, it was an awful experience. There is no other term to describe this place. We needed to wait 10 minutes outside (which was fine), but they let 3 people who arrived after us take the next free table. When we finally got to sit the waitress didn’t even ask us to stand up, she just pointed at the sit nearby to give us a sign that we should move.... 
I've never been one to write reviews but on this occasion I felt compelled to do so. 
Not authentic pizza burnt pizza my 4 year old asked why it was burnt to which the waitress ignored her.  
We had a table booked for 2 o’clock on Wednesday  
We took my mother on 30/11/2019 to Laguna for her birthday lunch. We were given a menu for December and informed this is the lunchtime menu which is 3 courses and you have to have all three @ £30 per head.  
Due to a mistake with Apple Pay, I ordered twice the same. The restaurant called me to asked me if it was a mistake and I asked him to cancel the second order and deliver only one. I trusted him, but unfortunately, he is not trustworthy at all. I was charged twice, and when I realised, the restaurant refused to refund it because it was more than 48 hours later. Enjoy those extra £19 because you have lost a good regular customer! 
What a disappointment. We went to Lugana for a Saturday lunch on the basis of Trip Advisor ratings....and wonder if we went to the same place as all the others that had been. 
As I love Italian cuisine I can't say much here so will be short on this one...  
An old lady obtained a price for her important birthday party. When we arrived we were told that the price had nearly doubled. Some appeared embarrassed by the price rise and asked to be excused the discretionary service charge, which prompted a tirade from the manager. The tirade included that he had already reduced the price and he thought they were very mean. 
Took my husband to this restaurant for his birthday was very disappointed one with the service I found that if you had a table with More than 2 people you had all the attention a table with two on you got ignored I sat there for an hour and not one of the waiters asked me if I needed my drink refilled I had the lagsane and there was only a small amount of mince it was all pasta would not recommend 
I went with my daughter for mt 60th birthday to this restaurant and it was the worst italian meal i had ever had,we complained and he just shrugged his shoulders i even wrote a letter of complaint no responce bed way to do business with so many restaurants in Beckenham 
today I went again for second time and to give chance. My girlfriend said to me maybe was only that day. Well sorry but I am Neapolitan and this is not Neapolitan pizza. It's not rise at all! I see the chef when I stand to pay and accent is not Neapolitan he doesn't know the real pizza. The tomato sauce too salty and the mozzarella like a chewing gum. My girlfriend pizza parma ham is dry and not best quality. Best part is service charge with rubbish service waiter too busy talking to give attention. never come back here. 
I came to have pizza in this place after all the reviews and i work near by and all I can say it was nothing special. very unwelcoming and the waiter was quite cold and slow to take our order I had to look around for him until he made eye contact. We ordered from the menu and the pizzas that arrived about 10 minutes later was burnt. The place was nearly empty I don't understand how it could be burnt. That is shocking. I will never be returning. Another insult was offering free limoncello to table near us but not to us. Guess its if they like you. Charged me service on top! Posted comment on their Facebook earlier but i just seen it was deleted guess they only want positive reviews. Hey! Thx for tripadvisor. Good luck to the business but I prefer to give my money to Franco manca down the road for better service and pizza . 
The previous restaurant was called La Arogosta  
This is the second time we have ordered a takeaway... But not again!! All 3 chicken shish were as dry as anything... The turkish bread (advertised on Instagram..) is nothing like the large pitta with a slap of spice we received... Very Disappointing... Such a shame a local restaurant that lacks the lustre... If I could of taken it back for a refund I would have...  
Me and my partner visited last night and after seeing how highly rated they are and seeing as they have just been voted so highly, we were really looking forward to our meal. 
Went here for NYE 2019, was charged £60 per person for unlimited starters and a main meal,  
Visted Lefke on NYE 2019, was charged £60 a head for unlimited starters and a main meal,  
20 of us went there for a Christmas Party, great atmosphere, food and music only for the night to be ruined by extra drinks being put on our bills. I had 1 extra bottle of Prosecco added plus numerous spirits, another group had Prosecco and cocktails added. Whilst paying our drinks bill of £260 (between 4 of us) the extra Prosecco was then deducted and we were still complaining only for the waiter to say "just pay us £200". Absolutely ridiculous they were obviously just guessing what we had and hoping we didn't notice!! Such a shame a great night was ruined, I would have given 5 stars as we had all had an amazing night. 
Absolutely disgusted in this place on member of staff assaulted a friend and owner pushed a female twice refused to help after one of the customers was acting like she wanted to fight the world, clearly the attacker was a regular as the owner then hid her from police stating that she had already left and apparently have no cctv.. female toilets neither door could be locked and one wouldn’t even shut so needed to have someone with you or squat and hope for the best. 
We were a party of four, three of whom were Italians from Calabria. The starter of calamari was ok but from then on the food was all down hill. The pizza dough was pale and tasteless, not cooked enough and the topping hidden by cherry tomatoes and rocket. The pasta dish also was oily and overladen with cherry tomatoes and flavourless and when we asked for fresh chilli pepper, the waiter brought a dingy bottle of oil with a floating piece of red stuff inside. The waiter tried very hard at being Italian but we remained unconvinced. The food also was overpriced. Very unimpressed and will definitely not be returning. 
Birthday celebration on Saturday evening. 23rd June. Great food with Turkish dancing. That was the good bit then the dj turned up playing various selection of new and old club music at a volume level that will surely be in contravention of their licence. Had to walk out, unbearably loud. Great night out ruined. Hang the dj. 
I picked this place for a family reunion based on the good reviews we have read and what a disappointing experience this was! Half my family is Italian and they were clearly not impressed about the menu or the quality of the food. 
I really wanted to visit this restaurant given the high reviews on here, but was totally disappointed. 
2nd time at Lefke. First visited a couple of years ago, food and service were awful, better available from local takeaway.  
My friends and I decided to visit this restaurant due to their great reviews.  
Just bought a couple of pizzas.. very disappointed at the quality, dough not leavened properly and too flat and pale, not cooked properly..I m Italian, i make pizza myself and I adore pizza!when I go to an "italian pizzeria" I expect pizza to give you joy and taste and look good..I could not eat it, shame as price was not cheap.. 
My friends picked this restaurant because it had good reviews. After waiting over 20 minutes and asking for water 3 times I didn't have a good feeling about it. Oh and if it were crowded I would have been more sympathetic but it was a ghost town.  
Bland and flavourless, severely disappointed. Visited based on good trip advisor reviews never again. 
Restaurant was very busy but staff were polite and sat us on a table for four (3 people). Ordered our drinks and food (£4 for a silly bottle of beer why don't they just serve pints or charge £2.50 per bottle) Rip Off ! 
Have been to a few Turkish restaurants in the area and we recently went for dinner to this one as it was mentioned to us by friends. We found it to be very average in terms of the food. The bread to start was tough and overall everything was a bit bland. In general it was just average and disappointing. Would suggest going on a quieter night as it can be difficult to hear yourself.  
I telephoned the restaurant and spoke to one of the owners Turkan, two days later who apologised and said he would have been just as irate as I was (a 68yr old woman) if it had happened to him and that he remembered my booking, and remembered sending me the Christmas menus to choose from in October, and then asked if we would re-book so they could show us a good evening and compensate us. The other nine people (one in a wheelchair ) and of a similar age and older, were not drunk, it was the start of our evening at 8pm and yes we were annoyed at being told we didn't have a booking when they new full well we did 
I was disappointed at the end of my Christmas party as three different friends had recommended Lefke to me I was so looking forward to my night out. The food and entertainment was very good but our desert never came out. I felt our main meal was rushed as the staff were wanting to push the tables back to create room for dance floor. Most disappointed thou was the drinks bills. My friend was the only person drinking with two other people she was charged £70, four extra bottles of wine, jug of cocktail & short was added to our bill. Another friend had extra bottles of prosecco added to her bill. I was really disappointed as you expect to be given a true drinks bill and don’t expect to be overcharged. 
Raw ingredients, burned ends and one of them looked like half a pizza. 
Ordered online they said they’d delivered and it never arrived. I got charge £30 for no food. Avoid these conmen 
If your food arrives cold you won’t be given any compensation. Not good enough.. 
I am absolutely disgusted without L'oro di Napoli Ealing treated me and my family.  
we had a dinner last night. this place is definetely over voted. food was terrible and the service was even worst. we had a great expectations with this restaurant but sorry, we can't say anything good. 
5 friends of mine and I went to this restaurant on New Year's Eve. One of my friends had booked and reconfirmed that morning. When we got there at 8.15 pm there was no table for us and although my friend knew the name of the man who had taken the booking, he would not come out of the kitchen to talk to her. Rubbish service. Disgraceful. We would never go back. 
We waited twenty minutes for our drinks...yes drinks to arrive and did not want to wait any longer. Serve paying customers instead of talking to your friends and family smoking by the front door so the five us inside could smell it. Looks like this place is taking a downward turn now! 
I will say that this has been the most shocking restaurant I have been to in my life. The only reason this doesn't get 1 star is because the starters were half decent, the rest of the meal you wouldn't even feed to your dog. So with further ado, let's begin.... 
This is the most dishonest restaurant I have been to in my life, management like to lie and manipulate. They will try to con you out of as much money as they can. Food is overpriced, portions are small and tastes bland. The waiters lack manners. I will not be returning to this place. 
Not sure why this is rated so highly, average food very flavourless. Prices o.k... Much better restaurants in Kingston. 
Bland tasteless pizza, dough not fully cooked, my friends pasta was swimming in olive oil and flavourless. No way this is the best restaurant in Kingston.  
food is not up to the mark 
Sent the below email to the manager a couple of days ago but heard nothing back so far: 
I came here with my friends for my birthday thinking that this would be a great night, considering the amazing reviews this restaurant has been giving - it was not at all, and was incredibly disappointed. 
Tried it twice. Below average food, bad service and unhelpful. Booking service is poor do not return calls. Just awful 
Visited La Palma for a friends birthday meal and we were very very disappointed. It had been recommended to us by an italian friend, saying that it was true italian food. 
Weve been to this restaurant once before and the family loved it. Food was good, the staff were friendly, it was a lovely local restaurant experience. We decided today to get a takeaway and i cannot say the same. Firstly the food was the same price, no discount for takeaway which is crazy and made a meal for 2 adults and a 3 year old around £35. Not including any extras at all. Thats fine if the food is worth it but for some reason it was not as i remembered the first time. It seemed very average. I asked for my meal to be spicy and we were quite specific about this but it seemed mild. my daughter had the non spicy version of the same meal and both tasted the same. Food was bland and portions were small. Im disappointed because we paid the restaurant price for takeaway food and it wasnt even that good. i finished the meal thinking i should have got a microwaved spag bol and added a bit of chilli sauce. Wouldnt have been as good but a hell of a lot cheaper! 
Ordered two pizzas got home one "The Spaniard" had three bits of chorizo on the whole pizza the "Meatfest" had 7 bits of meat across the whole pizza, absolutely shocking will not be returning I suggest you change this otherwise you will lose more customers  
Awlful!!! No toppings, Pizza was raw, literally just tomatoe sauce on a base. Do not bother getting a takeaway pizza from here as you will be disappointed!!! 
I have been many times , honestly I love the restaurant food, service and waiters but you cant imagine guys how noisy it is. The music is very loud and you can't talk at all, you feel like your head is exploding!! People dancing, singing ...I mean if you are found a restaurant for enjoying a good night with your friends talking etc .. please don't choose this one. I say again .... horrible. 
First visit to Awesome thai and the service was very poor, the food was just fine. The atmosphere there was very packed, my girlfriend and i felt like we were in a cage. 
really disappointed the place was jam packed The tables were far to close to each other making it difficult for the servers to get to people The room temperature was hotter then the food and it was just bland  
I went here on Saturday evening for my fiancé's birthday meal with the family, there was 7 of us so booked a few weeks ago as I was aware of it being a small place.  
Mix of Lebanese and Spanish Tapas with a few twists. They had "lost" our booking so they sent us to their sister restaurant 2 doors down, they sent us back, then they found our booking. A bit cramped on a Saturday night and the service was either very good or very poor depending on who you got. The 3 menus were somewhat confusing but basically the more expensive dishes are mains and the cheaper ones are more Tapas style. Food was OK but nothing special. Then we were presented with the bill from a different table. When this was finally sorted I noticed that there was no service line on the CC machine. After a long discussion with 3 members of staff, they told us that "they get no tips from CC payments and that they only get 50% of any cash. The owner takes all CC tips and keeps 50% of the cash tips". I spoke to the owner who simply denied this and just wanted me to identify which staff members had spoken to us. We declined and left............................ 
Our second and last visit here reminded me why we do not go more often. The basic problem is they take more orders than they can cook for, resulting in horrendous delays for takeaways and diners. The two couples either side of us were beside themselves with fury, having repeatedly asked for their meal, which they had to rush as they were going to the cinema. They both booked in good time but the delays were chronic. Even the takeaway clients were being asked to come back in 10 minutes or wait , resulting in a constant flow of people and the small restaurant being crowded. If this was not bad enough, the waiter kept a wine cooler between us and the next table, despite the fact neither of us were having any wine. Lastly, the lighting must be worst around, unless i have missed it. 
I came here on a. Saturday evening and I will never return awful service. I asked for the meat balls and the waitress told me it was to spicey for me I am thinking hold on she doesn't even know me or what food I like? She basically told me I couldn't have them! Also I asked for a side dish and she said I wouldn't like that either maybe I didn't fit their high standards so she was making sure I didn't come back 
Called specifically to book a table for Tudor Room for our wedding anniversary. Not at all pleased to find out Tudor Room is closed for the entire week and find out when we arrive at Great Fosters. We were instead reserved in for Estate Grill. If I was told on phone that the restaurant is closed, I would have booked somewhere else for this special occasion. 
The first time we visited the branch about 2 years ago was given burned steak after a very long wait I think I waited 45/50 mins for that burned steak , still decided to go again after 2 years on 29/02/2020 and was disappointed again. This time ordered a pizza and the restaurant was empty so the wait shouldn't of been long but again waited for a long time. We saw the pizza being placed on the side for us but the staff were soo busy talking to each other they didn't bring it over until we asked about it. When we received the pizza it was stone cold and dry like it was sitting there for a few days. With hardly any toppings on it just very awful service from staff it seemed like they cared about chatting to each other more then serving anyone. 
Was absolutely disappointed to visit this restaurant. I ordered mеdium steak and it's just came raw. I asked the staff to gave back to the kitchen to be Cooked a bit more, they gave me back after one min and it still was raw than the waitress just tryed to avoid our Table so I couldn't said nothing. 
We went for afternoon tea for my friend’s birthday and were very disappointed. We had to wait for 45 mins for the food and when it arrived the pizza was cold and some of the items on the menu were missing. When we asked they said they had run out of some items and we were given a bigger slice of something else but forgot to mention it. The quality and service was very poor. 
We ,6 of us, went to celebrate my niece's 17th birthday on Saturday 9th November. We loved coming to the restaurant, but not anymore. Will not be going back there again. All credit to Rebecca. But that's where it stops. The so called beef ragu lasagne had no meat in it. It was only meat sauce, the food was left on the pass so long, by the time it got to the table it was cold. Most of us ate our starters already but the mushroom starter did not arrive till we asked about it. Of course cold, they tried to re heat it but that made it taste worse. One guest ordered a 2nd coke which was not delivered, Rebecca saved the day and went to get one. 
Went for lunch. Service was very bad. When food came, it was all cold. Food was waiting at the counter to be served, but none of the waiters bothered. Had to send it back for re heated. Again same no one bothered to bring the food from the counter and was cold again.  
We're students and Bella Italia - Uxbridge has been our favourite place until yesterday when we had lunch there. We go to that Bella Italia often so we know the staff there quite well, even though they change around a lot and suppose they know us too. To clarify, the food at Bella Italia is great and this review is about the service and some of the rude staff working there. 
We will never be going to this place again. The service is always horrendously slow, even when it's not busy, but today was the last straw. Waited for ONE HOUR for our dinner, which I'd been looking forward to all day - only to discover they hadn't even given our order to the kitchen. We had our table booked at 19:30, at 20:42 we gave up and left.  
I am not impressed with Ash . It is clear the staff have no or lack of leadership. My friends and I were told to leave due to a friend coming to greet us. The waitress then proceeded to say that she had told us ‘multiple times not to talk to people from other tables’. That was a lie. We were then told to leave immediately with plastic cups to put any drink in there. So instead of having a pleasant evening, it was disrupted because they can’t communicate properly. 
Horrible Tikka Masala for the price.... and the music is way too loud. We don’t know if they want to be a club or a restaurant 
Never have I been to an Italian restaurant where they serve raw pizza dough, cheap ingredients and soak allegedly fresh seafood in tomato purée and chilli. The food was a disgrace. 
Horrible food. Everything was on tomato sauce full of chilli. Pizza was uncooked in the middle and burnt on the side. The seafood was tasteless. The wine was a disgrace. Real Italians would cry of despair.  
We have just had a collection takeaway which had been ordered online. It was probably the most disgusting takeaway I have ever had.  
Just waited an hour for a delivery of inedible curry. The chicken had clearly been microwaved and was so dry and tough it couldn’t be eaten, luckily there was hardly any meat in the dish. The sauce had a horrible watery lumpy texture. The lamb dish had an acceptable flavour but again was very watery and hardly any meat. The dhal again was watery. I was starving when it arrived and unfortunately still am as it was horrible! 
Bland food at high end prices. 
We have visited this pub many times previously, and had good food and a pleasant dining experience, BUT NOT THIS TIME. 
My son booked this restaurant about two months ago, through their own booking online system. Over the past week or so, it was all confirmed by the restaurant themselves including yesterday evening. When we turned up tonight for our table, we were told there was never any reservation booked for us and despite showing them all the correspondence, they denied our booking had ever been taken. Funny thing was, there was a table for 24 set up so I strongly suspect they bumped our booking to take on a more lucrative one. Very disappointing, not even an apology was given. 
I was so looking forward to this. I could have fed the entire restaurant for 60 quid. One meatball. Yes one. And one scallop. Cheaply done. Half a sausage. sausage to start and some some salad leaves. I wouldn’t recommend at all. Overpriced. Piss take if I’m honest. 
Staff was so rude that we actually landed up leaving in less then 5 min as no one wants to have a family outing at a unwelcoming and rude place or very discrimination with the colour of skin maybe. Not sure what it was. 
We arrived here looking for a place to have Sunday lunch. Although it was busy, we were met with a rude man who worked there. He told us there was no room - although there were several empty tables and only two of us. His communication skills were also pretty dire. He was unfriendly, unwelcoming and made us think we had to leave immediately! Sort it out Green Dragon. Awful service! Avoid.  
took my wife there for our anniversary just to be disappointed ,service was slow ,food was cold ,stuff not very helpful and the guy in charge (owner or manager ) had a very bad attitude .I don't recommend . 
I fully concur with the comments written by the previous reviewer concerning the absolute disgraceful behaviour of the restaurant owner, Ricardo Grigolo. I attended this restaurant as part of the same party of six, two of whom are in their late 70's, along with my 84 year old mother-in-law and my 80 year old father-in-law who recently suffered a severe stroke. 
Went for a celebration with a party of 13 
Now this place used to be good, in fact very good and while the food hasn't changed that much the atmosphere and service is shocking and for an average £80 a head I honestly would never come here again!!! For that sort of money you can get a much better meal with people who actually want you in their restaurant. 
We recently visited the restaurant as a party of 16 people for a birthday. Booked for 7:30 we arrived on time. Starters arrived within 30 minutes of ordering so we put this down to being a small restaurant and being busy. Mains however was another matter. 2 hours 40 later they arrived!! No apologies apart from a weak explanation that the kitchen was "busy" and no attempt to compensate with free drinks. New diners arrived ate and left and yet we were still there. The mains arrived with a cursory sorry for the delay. Food was not impressive and quite frankly the fries were cold and tasted straight out of an Iceland multibuy. Poor quality good and shoddy customer service.  
Firstly I have to admit that I have not eaten here, so for the sake of fairness please take this into consideration when reviewing my rating... However, the reason I haven't eaten here is that after a week of struggling to make a booking over the phone yet finally getting a date in the diary for my husband's birthday, the restaurant unceremoniously called two weeks later to cancel as "they had miscalculated". The "miscalculation" actually turned out to be a "big party" instead.  
Went there for the first time yesterday to celebrate a Birthday (given the extraordinary reviews!). The drinks were glorified soft drinks (if there was alcohol in there, I couldn't taste it). The fries were tasteless and lukewarm. My chicken burger was dry.with no flavor to speak of, at all. I struggled through a portion of it, and took the lion's share home for my cat. Will never go back again and would not recommend it, if you are looking to have a relaxing evening out, go to your local McDonald's. 
I have been to some bad places before but this place i just don't get it i think i would rather go to nandos. Would never recommend..  
Very claustrophobic in here and very dark! I met here with a client to have a meeting having seen the reviews here thought I'd come for the Madison's experience! Nachos were very dry, our steak tasted very funny and off, just didn't taste right at all, food quality was just poor, we left our meals and just asked for the bill and left, Well over hyped won't be coming here again that's for sure 
Have just left al boccon di vino on Xmas eve. Slow and bad service, poor menu, disappointing. This was my favourite restaurant but no longer. Don't go. It was great but is now really bad.  
An expensive Mcdonald. ..the service not exceptional and the food horrible. I am amazed by the fact the this restaurant managed to be as far as number one! !!! 
Maybe my partner and I just caught this place on a bad day, but we were utterly underwhelmed. The plating of the food was shambolic, so looked unappetizing to begin with. The aromas that did emanate from the kitchen were actually unpleasant. The meats were dry and their preparation lacked any imagination. We joked afterwards that for £60 each we could have eaten every night for a week at a host of better places just yards away. 
We came across this restaurant one Saturday night whilst in Richmond. I'd heard good reviews and although I thought it unlikely they would have any tables on a Saturday night, we decided to try any way.  
This place served the worst food we've ever had in our lives! At best they bought the frozen food from Iceland and threw it in the fryer. Fish cakes tasted of fish that's gone off. The hot buffolo wings were filled with chicken hairs and it wasn't even fried properly. The burrito was made from a box and it hadn't even thawed yet and it was slathered in salsa from a jar. All of this for 5x the price of KFC meal. You're better going to your local fast food chain. The atmosphere was ok, again it's not any different from a local pub.  
My partner and I took my elderly parents and their two friends here on Saturday June 10th 
There was a party of 4 of us who visited a couple of weeks ago. I have been many times in the past and had a great time but this was no where near what I expected. 
I visited here as part of a party of 6 to celebrate my friends birthday, who cannot drink alcohol due to recent medical issues. Having established that the restaurant was unable to supply non alcoholic beer or wine for my friend, with their knowledge and permission, we obtained some locally. However, the owner made us feel so uncomfortable about the non alcoholic drink that the entire evening was ruined. What should have been a lovely evening spent celebrating my friends birthday, turned into a dreadful evening due to the terrible behaviour and attitude of the owner. We certainly will not be returning. 
We booked a party for my daughter 1st birthday and we were so disapoited and upset with how the night went my family were also disappointed and disgusted with your service at my daughters 1st birthday we made a reservation for a party of 22 people the space they provided us with was very small and cramped for the number of people we had we were also very rushed and hurried to leave seeing as they booked another party in straight after us if they couldn't handle our booking they should of said as no one wants to be rushed through a meal on top of this they took over an hour to take our order, got to of our orders wrong, one of their waitresses was very rude and had an attitude problem on top of this we didn't even have time to order desert or to cut our daughters birthday cake they than put a service charge on each of our bills which was ridiculous seeing as it was the worst service we've ever experienced and for a party who spent over £300.00 at there restaurant you'd expect a lot better it was a shame as we've been going to the restaurant for many years in the past and have never had any problems before we defiantly won't be returning though.  
We were a table of 15 celebrating an 18th birthday 8pm booking. Our food took ages to come out (9.50pm for the starters) our mains arrived at 10.20. I complained about the slow service which the manager said that’s normal for them to be that late with the food. Some of the starters were cold. The mains were below average but food was hot. 
We ordered a family takeaway meal from this restaurant about 2 or 3 miles away. The delivery was promised in 50 minutes. It took two hours. After 90 minutes we phoned and were told that the driver accidentally left the food at the restaurant and had to return to get it. During later conversations with the manager, he revealed that this was not in fact true. 
Took the family to Youngs based on Tripadvisor reviews. Lord know I wish I hadn't. 
Went for a meal with my family to celebrate my daughter graduation. The food was not great not what it used to be then service charge was added. We complained and still was charged a lot of money for not so nice food and service which was the owner and 1 girl. Very disappointed 
Rice was awful, sent it back. Then offered boiled in place of special rice which was over cooked. Meat was tough not enjoyable. Would not recommend. 
This is the first restaurant we considered dining at since the Covid 19 pandemic started and we immediately cancelled our reservation once we saw the state of the tables as the waiter welcomed us in. The waiter simply said we'll clean the table now but you can go elsewhere and we're the best restaurant in the area.  
I’ve been going to this restaurant for many many years and was looking forward to my return visit. The food was all deep fried, the crispy beef (my favourite) was close to inedible. I suggested that the chef may have changed since my last visit but was assured it was the same chef.  
I can't believe that the other reviews for this restaurant are real! 
Had the 3 meat noodles. It consisted of 2 lumps of grissle beef, 1 piece of chicken, 2 prawns and a load of noodles that tasted of burnt oil. 
Sunday Night. Very noisy although not full of patrons. Service slow & then food warm. Music too loud 
We were going to a concert at the Arena last night, which made it an "Event Day" at this restaurant, and a limited menu!!. Seated at 17:30 and it was very quiet. Ordered our meal and it came out very.... almost too quickly. None of the usual sounds from the kitchen of woks being bashed about that you normally get from this kind of restaurant... Only the sound of Microwave ovens pinging... The food was at best awful. A real disappointment... Will never go back!!! Would not recommend it to anyone. 
So disappointed with food at this place after reading other reviews 
This place should be closed. It is disgusting. There is not one virtue to save it. It's the condition of the building and toilets that make it unfit to serve food for human consumption. With flaking decoration everywhere, quite literally held together by electrical tape in places to the rotting building and the ghastly smell when you walk in. Any part of the building you look at is either stained with food or moisture ingress or faling apart. The service was also crap. Why does Tripadvisor enable this sort of establishment to get a good ranking? The only reason I didn't walk out was because I was with 7 colleagues and I did not want to make a fuss. I gritted my teeth, ate little, paid the bill and left. Pretty much as everyone else did. No course of the £27 set meal was finished. There was either way too much, or noone enjoyed the ribs, the peking duck or the 3 or 4 large portions of 'Chinese' food we had for the main. It should have been the first time this group of people ever got together and had fun. It was a turgid affair, with everyone wondering why I was so tense...... 
Was in Wembley recently and wanted to meet with family members so after consulting TripAdvisor we chose Young's. Should have known the minute we walked in - Friday night (24th February) and the place was almost empty - until a large party arrived. When we asked for the mixed platter we were told that it wasn't on tonight! Enough said. I don't want to go over the top on this but none of the four of us enjoyed what we had. The only desert on offer afterwards was plain ice-cream! I intend to go back to Wembley again but I certainly will not be visiting Young's! 
We live nearby and based on recent reviews my husband wanted to go back to Youngs, as we have been before many years ago. When we walked in at 8pm the place was empty apart from the owner who then mentioned that there would be other people coming, and that we were the second sitting! Anyway we preceded to order the "leave it to us" set meal. Meanwhile Capital Gold on radio was playing, and the owner did not stop talking to us regarding "why there was a lack of customers" which was most annoying.The food was extremely ordinary do not understand previous reviews, had better from takeaway. Felt embarrassed when owner asked us "Had Enough" it was a set menu afterall. Did not enjoy the Youngs experience, sadly faded from its previous glory twenty years ago. Previous reviews are misleading in my opinion 
We were celebrating my 62nd Birthday at home and the ten of us voted for Chinese rather than Indian. Based on all the reviews we opted for Youngs. 
Would just like to say having eaten at many Turkish restaurants we have never been so disappointed! Maybe the captive audience of Windsor is the reason. The mixed meze platter was ridiculously overpriced for 3 people with items including the houmous and dill yogurt easily purchased at any supermarket. 3 small pieces of chicken, 3 ‘Tesco’ size battered prawns, 3 calamari rings and 3 small slices of kalaffel with a smear of houmous and dill yogurt Oh! And 4slices of cucumber and one cut up flatbread between 3 all for the princely price of £27!! Never again - not recommended! 
Dreadful, overpriced muck. Don't waste your money, when complained staff not interested, totally ignored us when leaving the restaurant  
Not what I was expecting, after I spend £75 
Came here on a recommendation. However the food was sub-standard. Dishes were too heavily spiced and inedible. Chicken very dry & the lamb tough as old boots. The waiting staff kept coming to our table too often and interupting our conversation with too many personal questions. We wanted to catch up as friends not share our life story with the staff. They try too hard to impress and fail miserably. We wont be back anytime soon.  
I visited here with 18 work colleagues to say goodbye to one of the team who was leaving. The restaurant staff were very welcoming and smiling on our arrival and patiently waited for everyone to arrive. Drinks were served without problem. But unfortunately that is where things changed. 
We visited this restaurant early on a Saturday night. The service was terribly slow all through the evening. 
Very disappointing lack off service...got starters eventually waited ages for mains which were only Lukewarm when finally received.... another table waiting for mains and drinks finally had enough walked out.... there was a continuous buzz which the staff blamed on another building but they are the only building....... 
We visited purely based on the reviews and were sadly very disappointed as although the service is nice the quality of the food is so poor, cheap cuts of chewy, greasy meat lacking flavour and actual inedible. Everything we ordered tasted very processed and like it was out of the freezer, for example the samosas and kebabs. We left politely but hungry as the food was so bad. We will not be returning and with so much competition around this is simply a one time visit. If you want a good Indian, you will be extremely disappointed with the food here and how much they are charging you for it! Honest review - very surprised by some of the other reviews indeed!  
Was called less than 2 hours before booking was due to start, to cancel a party of 20 who have travelled across country to be at a family celebration 
Booked a table for 2 at 8:30pm on Saturday evening, after waiting 20 mins and no sign of a table becoming available we left.  
Food was very bland and expensive! And tried to con me a fiver! I won't eat here again as it was very bad service and doesn't know basic maths and meat was tough! 
I ordered a takeaway from this restaurant last night and it was a disaster from beginning to end. 
I was served processed chicken which they tried to pass off as chicken tandoori. 
The Voujon certainly looks the part but the food and service were appalling! Would definitely not recommend and will not be going back. 
Awful 
bright bright restaurant and despicable service.Not going ever again! the food was not great price is fine but the service was pathetic 
Ordered online to arrive within 45 mins, it took 2h10m.  
Well, what a disappointment! We sat down and ordered our drinks, they brought the beer that was already opened at the bar, I thought it was weird so I asked the waiter why they did that and he replied saying that it was how they served their drinks, I found it strange because my bottled sparkling water wasn’t opened. I assumed the open bottle service only applied to beers so we let this one pass. 
I got a take away and ordered over the phone, picked up my order and 4 items came to £26 when I calculated it, it should have been £18! The food was not made well at all. The first time I went, it was great and decided to go back but the egg fried rice was literally egg and boiled rice and no flavour of soy sauce. Meat and prawns definitely terrible and badly made. Wong be going back 
After recommendations from a friend and having wanted to try this place for some time we visited this establishment. First notable thing was the age of the staff, aside from one lady who was approx 25 all the other staff were between 17-19. We were constantly asked the same question (starters drinks etc) and there was no communication going on, not to the fault of the staff given they were all clearly very young / inexperienced.  
Worst Indian restaurant I’ve been too ever packed restaurant with only two waitresses, poor service waited for around 45 minutes for starters, then another 45 minutes for mains which was tasteless and bland with zero flavour, best part of the meal were the free werther's originals to take that horrible taste away from mouth. Avoid this place it’s poor and very overpriced.  
Food is average , not authentic at all . I wonder how did he manage to get two M star .  
Chicken was like straw so dry couldn't eat it (looked like something served up for a dog) my partner has a chicken dish with spinage came up like I don't know what I can't describe it to you, the naan was so hard it snapped,we ordered another 1 which was really doughy not cooked properly, we was asked did you enjoy your meal we said no, the naan bread that was sent back was not taken off the bill we had to point that out ,if you order HALF a larger (draft) be prepared to pay £4.00 for not an enjoyable larger at all, honestly I leave so many reviews as we eat out quite a lot and I can honestly say I've never ever left a terrible 1 ,well I'm struggling here to say anything positive so I won't would I give this so called restaurant another go ,no I wouldn't , if you want a good meal don't go here and waste your hard earned money 
We've been to this place a few times and I reviewed it before here as well. We made a reservation again last night this time specifying in our reservation that we had a toddler with us and needed a high chair. I reserved online and have clear proof of this request. Knowing that this place is rather small I also called to confirm our reservation with the baby seat. When we turned up we were told they don't do baby seats and the owner started getting irritated baby our request. His temper quickly blew and started having a go at us for being 15 mins late for our reservation (we were in fact 10 minutes late) and he "suggested" we leave saying we never requested a high chair. We duly obliged and walked out with his head waiter walking after us apologizing for the owner's manners! 
The four of us were so so disappointed not only by the food, but by being overcharged by approx £100 sadly it was made worse by nobody apologising - we were eventually reinburst but my my what an effort. 
Mirrors - dined on 03/09/2014 
I visited this restaurant at the weekend with my partner and his parents and it will definitely be the last time. 
I went for dinner with friends on Saturday 22 February. There are lots of good reviews on the window so it looked promising. However, i have never been so badly treated in a restaurant.  
I dined at this restaurant with friends in November 2012. The restaurant is lovely looking but it was a quiet night, only 2 tables seated, so there was little atmosphere. The staff were friendly and efficient but at times felt like they were rushing to clear your table even though there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. The food was fast to come out and tasted very good. 
I made a rezervation in azou 30 days ago by phone call from greece for my name day.Yesterday 23-12 i made a phone call from london and i hand a confirmation that everithing was OK for 21.30 next day.I left from Fincley roand to kings street 375 and arived at 21.45 .The waiter told us THAT WE ARE LATE !!!!!!!! THE KITCHEN IS CLOSED FROM 21.30 AND THE RESTAURAND IS CLOSING AT 22.00!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!When i told him "why you didn't told me yesterday this at the telefon?" he becan to tell me that in christmas we are closing soon...............nonsences .....BECAUSE that was my second time in this restaurant [and last], i think that because it was EMPY!! they told us a silly thing to sent us OUT DISTROUING MY NAME DAY............ 
Over priced over cooked. 
I had the Constantine tajine and my partner had the King prawns tajine. The first dish was exquisite. Beautifully spiced and tender lamb shank in a rich sauce with potatoes. One of the best I've had. I tasted the King prawn tajine - I'm not really a fan of seafood, but it was definitely very good quality and cooked beautifully. With some bread, rice and two non-alcoholic drinks the bill came to £47.98. Expensive, but about the same as similar quality restaurants in the area. 
Shocked and so disappointed! We have been eating here for over 8 years! But after tonight's experience I will never go back. Ordered a takeaway for delivery when the food arrived the 2 curries they tasted absolutely horrible! And the naan was stone cold, Tried to get back in touch with the restaurant to express my disappointment with the food and see if the situation could be resolved however no one was answering the phone, I called the nice guy that delivered our food and asked him to get the restaurant to call me. After waiting 30 minutes I decided to drive to the restaurant to return the disgusting food, when I arrived I was questioned as to why I had returned it, I was offered a refund for the curries only (even though the whole meal had been ruined!) Safe to say they have lost a very loyal customer! And clearly their chef! 
On back of a delivery - ordered a pasta and 2 pizzas. The Pizzas were fine, however the pasta we ordered was their special. Turned up with 2 small pieces of prawn and that it... some bland spaghetti. I was appalled to see 2 small prawns in there, felt like they were having a laugh. So phoned them and fed back straight away. Owner answers call and doesn’t take any ownership - most hilarious thing was that she blamed the delivery driver. I can assure you - no manipulation with the boxes it most certainly was not the delivery driver. The chef and owner should have just taken some ownership here and apologised which they failed to do. Doubt I’d be ordering from there anymore - food ordered won’t be consistent every time. Real shame.  
Fantastic food, but the quality of the food was overwhelmed by a management habit that I thought had died years ago... They Included a service change of 12.5% in the bill and then still left the total open on the POS machine. Bill plus service IS the total. There is no need for Bill + service + second service charge. I am so surprised they do that at this restaurant as this habit was so castigated a decade ago that I thought it had died. It entraps the unwary (or tourist, or tipsy?) into effectively paying service twice. Its a shocking habit and should have no place anywhere anymore. Stop it, La Belle Epoque, stop it now. 
The pineapple & mango smoothie was tasteless. 
I admire what is trying to be done with the resettlement of offenders and good luck to those on the 'course'. However, I find the prices are inflated. The food is average. I think this is a novelty and once people have been they probably will not re visit. 
Went on Richmond walk yesterday with my husband. Was a beautiful day and we realised most restaurants are open. We tried to come in without any reservations, the two ladies in front were polite to tell us to write our name and contact number. Whilst my husband was doing that an old gentleman approached me and asked (again) if I have reservations, as soon as I replied no, HE SHOOED ME AWAY with his hand and told me to leave then walked away. I was too shocked to believe that it just happened. My husband didn’t see it but the one of the girls did. And when I asked if he’s for real, that girl tried to make an excuse but started to whisper with the other girl and made it looked like it’s a regular thing. My husband who is French was still confuse on what just happened in a matter of minutes. No one apologised to me. So me and my husband walked out. I wouldn’t want someone might spit on my meal if I stayed. WILL. NEVER. GO. OR RECOMMEND this place EVER. If you want to support someone like this than other hardworking and polite people, choice is yours 
Food good but quite possibly the most arrogant service I've ever experienced where the waiter refused to say anything in English.  
Food was improperly prepared, and generally of low quality. Raw braizing steak is simply incompetence. While I agree red wine should be somewhat below room temperature, the staff's insistence on keeping it in a bucket of ice was extremely puzzling. Had to remove it ourselves for the table. Also, should rename the place the salt pot; everything just tasted of salt and nothing else. Whole party was chugging water when we got home. Overall very dissapointing & amateur. I hope none of the chefs there have aspirations. 
Myself and my wife ordered a takeaway tonight, I had the Sagamatha Lamb and my wife had a Lamb Madras and we both agree it was the worst curry we have ever had. Both dishes looked like a curry soup with a few bits of meat thrown in, it tasted awful, I think a Tesco's curry would have tasted better. We both ate in this restaurant when it first opened and the food was good but now it is terrible and quite expensive. I would have thought that during a lockdown they would have produced good food to get repeat custom, I for one will never buy food from them again. 
I love this place and order from them all the time. I placed an order at 6pm and now it’s 8pm and they are ‘still wrapping up’. I have tried calling but no response.  
Ordered for deliver everything with the order was wrong asked for chicken with spinach did not receive that.  
We were recommended to place an order from this Nepalese resturant, which we have come across vidually in the past. We ordered following : pappaddum,naan,egg fried rice, chicken momo,chilly chicken,lamb dish and bottle of coke. Prior to odering the kitchen opened late we wanted to order a couple of days earlier,but were told that the kitchen closed earlier on that day as well. So opening times were not allowed to. 
We ordered a takeaway from this restaurant.......it was awful. The Chicken Biriyani was just coloured rice and boiled chicken pieces. There was barely any describable flavour and was the furtherest from a Biriyani I have ever known.  
Yesterday we decided to come and try Chez Lindsay for the first time and we are never going back again to this place. Because, we got seated at the table and for good 10 minutes no one even came to us to give menus. So we were sitting at the wobbly table with nothing. Not even water. We decided to change tables and we sat on another table and no one came to us still. I stood up and went to ask a waiter for food and drinks menus. She said I'm coming and you can't sit at that table and you need to go back and sit at the wobbly table. Ok, we will sit there if you fix it. She fixed it and we still had to wait for menus. The girl gave us menus and again, no one even came to ask if we want water or any drinks. And after a bit we caught one staff members attention but obviously the person was not in a mood and like almost, let's get over it. We said that we are going somewhere else and once we stood up from the table the staff member through a comment at us 'Oh god, you couldn't even wait for 10 minutes' in a very sarcastic way and was going on and on that's it is our fault. I was standing in the middle of the restaurant listening to the staff member being rude at talking back to me. Other guest noticed that as well. This was the most disrespectful visit at a restaurant. 
I was very excited initially to try out this restaurant as there was no doubt room for a quality Indian in Hornchurch but I was bitterly disappointed with the experience, similar to another reviewer I fear this place will not be with us for very long if continuing in it's current form. I found so many things wrong with this place it would be easier to list them rather than try to construct a proper review.On first glance at the menu it appears limited, this would be fine if the actual food was good - it was however very average. Starters were priced far too expensive (around £7/8) and when they arrived just tasted 'ok'. If you are to charge that much for starters the meat needs to be incredible but it was no different to any other normal curry house which would be half the cost. Other issues: 
Well the bill when it came was very expensive for what it was. Our bill for 2 amounted to nearly £90 - that is not reasonable. We had 2 main courses, 2 desserts, side dish, bottle of house wine, coffee (top-ups were extra!!) and water. I found that my main course (which was vegetarian) was virtually inedible, and the staff although courteous and polite did not seem experienced as wairing staff. I really struggled with my main course and felt really embarrassed because it was expensive to my mind. I would say that this restaurant is not being managed or run by people experienced in the hospitality and catering business. All in all it is trying to hard to be something different, when in reality the old style works remarkably well. A bit of "style over substance" i think. Woudn't like to say how long this restaurant will last. Sorry, not a good experience for. I won't be returning. 
I genuinely do not enjoy writing negative reviews on small businesses and am happy to support them, hence why I went there for dinner tonight, however my experience at TL left much to be desired. My comments are as follow:  
Way too cramped to be enjoyable, took a coffee to take away and my flat white was 75% foam and cake was more expensive than it was worth. Felt like sardines rather than cozy 
Went to this resturant as it had good reviews,chose starters my partner ordered something different but it turned out to be onion bargees which were dry and burnt around the edges myself had chicken dumplings which were nice,the mains was a nightmare (1) my partners meal was bought on a silver tray and I was told would have to wait 10 mins for mine (2) there was no plates my partner asked for plates and was told to eat from the bowl on the tray but she insisted (3) myself i waited for the meal before we ate together,not sure what we ordered but my partner had 6 bitesizes of chicken it was swimming in sauce, it was bland and tasted like a chicken Korma,my meal was ok,the waiter asked what we thought and my partner said not a lot he said why she replied did not like it,I went for a smoke,upon return my partner said the bill was on the table which did not ask for,not that would have wanted anything else and found this to be very rude and unprofessional not even asked for a dessert or drink etc,I will not return and would definitely not recommend this restaurant they did not seem bothered !!!! the location is disgusting,if I was business person would take heed to this get your act together if you want true customers we were going to come back for my father in law birthday but no way Jose  
Dragged a friend to try the food in this cafe, both of us being Iranian we were very excited to give it try. We arrived around lunch time and went in to get sitted. The place wasn’t that crowded, only three tables were occupied and plenty of room for more customers. The young waitress watched us getting in and as we went in she seemed a bit unsure and unwilling to give us a seat, it was two of us and my baby in the pram. A lady who I assume is the owner started talking to us from above the stairs, which I think leads to their kitchen, saying we need to close the buggy, I said to her my baby is sleeping and I can’t take her out of the pram as it would disturb her sleep. She continued saying you don’t need to take the baby out just take the seat and put it over a chair and fold the pram!!! my reaction was of course no thanks we are not staying!!! I’m really surprised and massively disappointed, though the cafe is small they could have easily moved one chair to crest a bit of space and seat us, they could have at least tried! I really hope the owner reads this post, I would like them to understand that you won’t be able to balance a pramseat over a flimsy chair (or any chair) it’s very dangerous and no one would risk this.  
Having read the reviews, tried this small cafe/restaurant. On the plus side, it had a relaxed atmosphere, and the outlook over Richmond Hill was attractive, with outdoor seating. On the downside, for coffee lovers, the coffee was very bad, no aroma of freshly ground beans wafting around the place, the flavour was poor, the milk and boiled water concoction had little resemblance to coffee. Tthe drink appeared to have been made by somebody who knew nothing about making coffee. In addition, the eggs were not smelling fresh. I couldn't eat my breakfast, paid and left. 
Newly settled in Richmond, we went there with my partner to discover this apparently amazing place. We were excited to get their nice vegetarian food. 
As always the food was wonderful. Hand sanitiser outside, BUT... no social distancing, staff wore no face coverings, no following of government guidelines, no reduction of table distances. It was like stepping into a pre covid time. The only reason we stayed was because we were very hungry. definitely won't be returning until they take the pandemic seriously. The low rating is because of the lack of care offered to customers at this worrying time. 
So disappointed with this place after reading the reviews waited over an hour to then be told that they had not even started cooking our meal. And it was not even busy would not recommend 
I used to visit this place quite often as it is next to my work place. I went and placed my order during my lunch break. The chef - owner of the restaurant delivered my food and I found a long hair in my plate while he was still standing next to our desk. I have not even touched the plate yet. I kindly said to him that there is a hair in my plate and he started joking that it's my own hair. I completely disagreed with him by saying that it cannot be my own hair as I found it when he placed the plate on my desk. His behaviour was very rude. Instead of apologising on behalf of the restaurant, he was accusing me and told me that I am banned from visiting the restaurant in the future. Later he started swearing in his own language and told my colleagues who were accompanying me to make sure that I never ever come back. 
We were introduced to the Bistro at the Imperial Arms by some friends and liked it so much we booked a table for a group of friends for Sunday lunch. We booked the table three weeks in advance, specifically highlighting we wanted it in the Bistro and even offered to pay a deposit. In fact we had three further telephone conversations, each time highlighting, the Bistro. We also went in to the Imperial Arms last week, bumped in to the landlady, who remembered us, explained that we were looking forward to seeing them for lunch the following Sunday and she highlighted that she would save us a nice table. Today, we got a phone call asking us to confirm our reservation, but were told we were in the main pub. We couldn't believe it and all the landlady could say was one of their staff must have made a mistake!!!!!! We are so disappointed and can not believe it was just a simple error. We wonder if we were bumped and the management hoped that once there, we would just accept it. Well we didn't accept, it and all the good will that was created has been destroyed through a lack of integrity and poor management. 
Took my mum for her 75th birthday .totally disappointed .prawn cocktail . Sauce was far too hot spiced up .we eat prawn cocktail once a week never tasted anything like this .no bread on the side .burnt our tongues .main meal steak £13.99 was served with frying steak . Supposed to be a 8oz steak .we got 2 thin pieces of frying steak .gave my cats better .no mushroom no tomato .bland I would not recommend this place to anyone .it was our first visit and the last .when we complained to the waitress .she told the lady chef .and within moments .the lady chef walked out of the kitchen into the pub .spoked to the regulars about us complaining .and all the regulars were staring at me a my family on my mum's 75th birthday . She made us feel as if we did something wrong . The only thing I'm sad about is .it to was my mum's 75th birthday .it to would advise people not to go there .very clicky .and if your not a regular you will get stared at and made to fill very uncomfortable !!!!! 
We had quite disappointed experience, pasta was well over cooked and flavours very average, clearly the food is far from real Italian. 
Four of us went here and 3 not at all impressed but my Burger ok but not worth the money has it was even homemade 
Called and asked for gluten free options and were told they had many to choose from. When we dined the order was entirely gluten free. Afterwards, got very sick resulting in chronic celiac symptoms from eating non-gluten free food. Do not go there if you are a celiac! 
I was so optimistic about The Imperial Arms, after reading the reviews, I had booked a table for seven for my family at 3pm 1st August. The staff were busy chatting and didn't even acknowledge our arrival, I approached the bar to confirm our booking, we were pointed to two tables pushed together which didn't match and didn't look very clean, we all sat at the tables while my husband ordered drinks. When we had looked at the menus and chose our food and one of the bar staff took our orders, not everyone had starters, we had whitebait which was very nice and squid which was served with a dipping sauce which was awful and the sauce was served in a plastic pot, all the sauces were served like this how much does a china or glass pot cost? We were also bothered by wasps which was very annoying, and we had to cope with getting rid of them ourselves, the staff didn't seem interested even though we were making quite a lot of noise, as everyone gets freaked out by wasps. Then the main courses arrived, more dissapointment, I ordered steak medium rare, it arrived well done and very tough, it was changed, this time it was cooked correctly but of very poor quality and so full of gristle, I ate the chunky chips it was served with which were nice, also one of the fish and chips orders placed was sent back because it tasted sour, it was replaced with scampi, everyone else's meals were mediocre, sadly our family meal which we were so looking forward to had been spoilt, we didn't order dessert as we didn't want anymore dissapointment, my steak was deducted from the bill, we finished our drinks paid the bill and left. 
Booked a table online for dinner, after reading reviews we were excited. When we arrived the booking didn't exist on their system and there was no space for us. The barman gave the impression he was going to ask someone to move to fit us on the end of a table. Hardly comfortable! Plus the locals looked at us like we had just arrived from the moon, it was a very bad atmosphere! We tried round the back in the garden bar/restaurant, but were pretty much forced out as they were closing, at 7pm! We will never return to this place, there is much much better around. 
They couldn't handle 19 of us menu is very limited i had the surf and turf i'm afraid it was still swimming in water my plate was like a soup bowl most of the other peoples food was as bad 1 meal did'nt even turn up i think most of the food is microwaved very very slow service would not recommend anyone to eat here you wouldn't mind but our bill was over £600.00 appaling 
Went here for a drink, have been here before and hadn't changed a bit! 
The food here was ok from what we tasted but we found it impossible to finish our meal here as at the time we went the place was full of flies. Not sure where they had come from or whether it was just to do with the time of the year we went but we left without finishing the food. I wont be coming back to this place any time soon. 
Expected good food as per the good reviews but was disappointed. Kids had teriyaki the dish came out looking nothing like it and tasted super sweet! Had beef noodles which was too salty, hubby had ho fun which was too bland..apart fr that service is good.. 
Following on from our positive experience we had at the Birmingham branch, this visit left us very disappointed.  
We ordered the chicken wings, seekh kebabs and paneer tikka for starters. The wings and paneer were so bland and lacked flavour. We were only served around 6/7 small pieces for nearly £5 which was atrocious for the lack of quality in the product. The seekh kebabs were nice, however again the price was steep for just 2 kebabs compared to other restaurants. For mains, we ordered the chicken karahi, the mutton jalfrezi and the chicken thigh biryani. The server even asked for our preferred spice level to which we replied hot. However, nothing was remotely spicy and seemed like it was catered towards someone who was a beginner in spicy food. The chicken karahi tasted only of tomatoes and had no depth or flavour. The jalfrezi was nice compared to the other curry but lacked gravy. The biryani was not a biryani, it tasted more like white rice with some flavour. The only good things on the menu that we tasted were the naans and the mocktails/milkshakes. I 100% would not recommend it and would not go there again. I think everyone is just hyping up the restaurant since it is new and the decor is different but the quality of the food is a true let down. 
Terrible restaurant, avoid avoid avoid!  
Popped in for a beer with some friends...awful. TV on with some awful sport...lots of comments re the teams playing. 
Having been to Melucci's many times, I would have always recommended it as the food and staff have been excellent. That all changed last night when the owner was extremely rude to myself and a group of friends. This was unprovoked. 
I eat curry a lot been to many curry houses in West London this is by far the worst. In the ten years I have been with my partner this is the first meal I have refused to finish. Food came out very fast. All pre prepared. No taste. Bread dry. Rice OK. 
sorry the food was crap and cold by the time i got the meat was not cooked properly too much hype turned out to be crap dont bother 
I've passed this restaurant many times and it's always full or half full. 4 of us decided to try it one Saturday night. 2 Indians, one Pakistani and a Punjabi. We ordered the dumplings, okra, prawns and Thali. The dumplings were almost raw, the prawns had a strange soapy taste to them okra was in a sweet tomato sauce and the thali was very very bland. The service was outstanding so no complaints there. The waiters are keen to get feed back and we were honest. They suggested we had chosen the wrong dishes. Maybe so but I'm not risking it again. 
Ordered through Just Eat. Food arrived cold, nan bread soggy and the food overall was poor. Won't be using again, very disappointed after seeing other reviews. 
Ordered take away from here based on the excellent trip advisor reviews and also Google reviews, was awful, I am not sure if I am looking for something different to the rest of the UK or I am just unlucky but it was dreadful, sauce tasteless, chicken tough and dry, nan bread doughy, lamb dish lacking in lamb, all in all a completely uninspiring experience.  
Worst indian food I have eaten in London. Serving size is VERY small and we felt cheated. For the general crowd who dont know Indian food, it is easy to get hoodwinked. But, for Indians who understand the cuisine, it is a disgrace. We ordered: 
Terrible, order was 1hr late. When the food arrived it was stone cold, I've had other deliveries in this weather and never been cold like this. The manager said the food quality will be excellent, I opened the main meal and there was only half a portion, we intended to share the meal so had hardly any each. The onion bhaji was just small pieces of hardly cooked onion in the bottom of a bag. It looked like a pile of chips. Really terrible service and really terrible food. 
Just got home from the Sunday buffet, I haven’t heard of many Indian buffets and today I found out why. The samosas were tiny and flavourless, the onion bhajis were cold and tasted of just batter without the onion. The rice had a stale taste to it. We ordered Pepsi and it was flat. The curry’s were bland. If you have no taste buds, I would definitely recommend. 
We ordered a take away last night.a paneer starter n mains.the quantity was very less.however we would have ignored that part of it,but the food was bad.too much colour in all the dishes and no flavour at all. Seeing the colour in the dishes you don't feel like eating them.Many better India restaurants in Ealing than this. so bad that our throat is hurting.. never going to order ever again . 
We had made a reservation a week in advance through Book A Table for our daughter’s 18th Birthday. When we arrived a group of staff lingered at the back of the restaurant and blankly stared at us. When I approached, asking about our reservation, we were told we didn’t have a reservation. They turned us away rudely. When we insisted that we did have a reservation, showing them confirmation email of our reservation, they changed their story to, "The System isn’t working..." as if that explained the matter. When I pressed them about seating us, they told us the whole restaurant was booked for a private party, insisting we leave.  
Ordered a tikka masala dish through deliveroo and it was awful. The sauce tasted nothing like tikka masal, it was very sweet, no consistency- i'm pretty sure it was not home made but out of a tin! 
Of course everybody has different experiences in life but in my experience the owner and staff at Melucci's 55 Bexley High Street, Bexley DA5 1AB, England do NOT care about customer service and clearly do not understand the concept of being helpful. It is also obvious that they cannot process simple instructions. I am very dissatisfied and disappointed!!! 
We picked up a take away and literally live around the corner from the restaurant. 
I'm afraid that I didn't get as far as being served here- I was so shocked at the rudeness of the service I felt it a must to review the restaurant as this is a key aspect for me. As a restaurant fanatic who sometimes eats as a solo diner, I've seen a real improvement in the last 10 years of the accommodations made for those eating alone. 
We been couple of times. However we will not be back this time. 
Having read the reviews we made sure we booked a table before coming. Seems there was no point, on arrival table wasn't ready and we were sat at small breakfast bar opposite chef for 10 minutes not offered drink or menu.  
3 of us walked in at 6.45pm. They had 3 tables empty. We were asked if we made reservations and said no. The lady said she needs to check - walked to the kitchen and was waved away abruptly. Came back and said no we can't stay. I asked what time the next table was and she said 9pm so I assured her we'd be out by then. She went back to check again and we were all waved off this time! Shocked to say the least! Talk about accommodating your locals. BEYOND RUDE TO WAVE YOUR CUSTOMERS OFF! 
I have eaten at OKA on a few occasions (largely as a vegetarian compromise). Unfortunately Kingston upon Thames does not have many Japanese restaurants and what is has is run by Koreans. OKA is no exception. The place is very small with extremely tight and uncomfortable seats. It has bad ventilation. The hours keep changing despite what is written on the door or posted on the internet. So it a very unreliable place to "bank on" even on a Saturday night when the kitchen closes before 10 pm. The food is not authentic Japanese and anyone who is familiar with Korean and Japanese will taste the difference. 
If you like to smell like tempura this is the place to be! Due to very poor ventilation in open kitchen all our clothes were smelly of cooking oil, smoky restaurant, very irritating for eyes, couldn't wait to be outside. Had a table with beautiful (sic!) toilet seat view as the doors were constantly open. Shame as the food is not bad, a little bit under season for us but still much better than sushi place next door. Wouldn't recommend sashimi platter at £30 as portions are tiny and more on the expensive side for what you get. overall if you are sushi lover I would go somewhere else, dissapointing.  
The only thing from previous reviews ive read is that the staff are indeed friendly. However the food is not good. I went with my wife and friends before a wembley concert, we are all fans of indian food and have eaten in a huge number of restaurants including in india. The food here was overcooked and most likely reheated. The mixed grill was dry overcooked and a bit burnt. The chicken was dry and also overcooked. Much of it was deep fried. The worst thing was the meat in the curries which was almost non existent consisting of bones mainly and i can assure you we all felt the same. I dont like posting bad reviews but people need to know . We use tripadviser a lot and this restaurants reviews led us to expect truly good food and its never been more wrong and we were very disapointed. How it can be best and no1 in the area is frakly bizarre. They only plus sides are friendly staff and its cheap. Another negative is they dont serve alcohol and wont let you bring any with you unlike similar east end curry restaurants.  
I was their on Saturday and food was of very poor standard. 
Was here for brunch and the food was absolutely atrocious. Eggs were cold! Everything was cold! Even the hot drinks were luke warm which at this point makes drinking them unbearable when they should be drank got. No remorse from anyone and slow service. 
I had better food in France for better value. Complete rip-off for small portions dinner and I was still hungry after dinner here. 
The menu does not list any filter coffee, so my friend asked the waitress, on my behalf, if they did coffee. Her reply was to be exceptionally smug and rude to state of course they had filter coffee. I said it isn't on the menu and she promptly turned her back on me, and left.  
Service was great, and the lady really were trying to be really good. 
We have so far made two special trips to attempt to eat in this place following the rave reviews. 
Went today. We were three people. We had to wait 10 minutes till a table was free (whitch is fine). We were given a table for single person and we were promised that we can move to a bigger table when one becomes available, and it didn't happen! 
I went with my boyfriend and had the set menu for lunch at ITLJ. The food tasted a little off but we didn't think there was really a problem given the great reviews this place has. However, both my boyfriend and I got food poisoning and have been feeling really ill since eating there. It's already been days of vomiting and stomach pains - I don't even want to imagine what on earth was in that food. TOTALLY NOT RECOMENDED. Yes, it's cheap but so not worth it. 
Shocking !  
This is our second visit to the restaurant and what a difference to the first time, we were so disappointed.A lot of the menu was not available, despite booking a table for six on a Friday night, two weeks previously.The menu is only small so this made the choice even more restricted. Only one portion of meatballs (which were cold!), and only two parmigiana! The brownies were dry and tasted over baked.....( although to be fair, when we complained we were not charged for these). I don't know whether there was a different chef tonight, but this was a very disappointing evening, when we had enjoyed it so much the last time.......... 
You cant have real bacon here so if you that is something you are expecting on a full English do not come here. All Eggs over cooked all taste missing. 
The following review comes from the fact that place claims to be the best authentic Italian place. Had I had the same experience at a Pizza Express or a pub; had the owner been friendlier, nicer and more open to listening to his guests I would have smiled at it and enjoyed my overpriced meal.  
I went to this restaurant for a can of diet coke and keema naan when I went in there there was this waiter standing there the whole restaurant was empty it was late at night. He stared at me very aggressively and then he gave me a glass of coke saying it was £2 when I asked for a 80p can of coke. He carried on staring at me rudely. My father had been in the restaurant business over 20 years and I never approached a customer in this manner. I then walked out of the restaurant without ordering anything. That same waiter kept on staring at me as I was getting into my car to drive home as I had worked all day. I then blasted my horn at him and drove off. I was parked on Garfield road talking to my friend on the phone when suddenly 2 cars blocked me in. It was that waiter and the other staff who work there. My window was open and that waiter had a long metal spanner in his hands, I immediately closed my car window and dialled 999 and told them I was barricaded by 2 cars. The waiter than tried breaking into my car by pulling my door handle. The other staff then started taking my photo with there smart phone. One of the waiters started saying, "You think we don't know anything" in Bengali as I speak the same language as them and I am from the same ethnicity. I said, look sorry for blasting the horn. A lady was looking out the window through her house. The waiter started saying, take his photo call the police, that ladies gonna call the police. I said to the owner the other waiter was rude, he said the waiter was his uncle, he then threatened me saying we can call more people. They left and 10 minutes later police arrived, I explained to the police what happened, they said I can make a allegation that the waiter confronted me with a metal spanner but it will be his word against my word. The officer then said he'll go and talk to the staff in the restauraunt. Absolutely disgusting, 7 employees ganging up on someone with a metal spanner. He needs a spanner, cant fight with his fists even though he had all his friends with him. 
As a chingford resident, I've been popping in to this restaurant every now and then for a curry since its been open. The staff are always friendly and welcoming and the food has always been ok. After my last visit as few months ago when they served up a dissapointing meal, I was in two minds whether to return this evening, 25th Oct, especially since 1 The Avenue is only a short drive. For convenience, a 2 mins walk from my home, I returned with 2 other diners. All three of us agreed the chicken was way too dry. The mushroom bargi was awfull, definately not fresh. Mushrooms are supposed to be juicy. They were chewy! How can you ef up mushrooms? Microwaved? Even the papdoms were'nt crispy. Very poor all round. I definately will not be returning again, ever!! Frankly, I recommend you give this place a wide birth. 1 The Avenue at Highams park has never served me a bad meal and the Indian Ocean at Theydon Bois serve good food. 
My sons chicken was cold, wasn’t cooked. It was red inside and I hope he won’t get food poisoning. The delivery was postponed a few times and we had to wait over an hour. My food was too sweet. We haven’t even got a refund. I’m worried that they do not follow safe food preparation rules. Avoid this place. 
I don’t think 70 minutes of waiting for food is acceptable when the confirmation email says 50. When I called to check, an irritated person answered the call who said the food was on the way but when asked for how long more the answer was “I don’t know maybe 10 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes... the food is on the way okay”. No apologies at all! 
Got there 8pm and we were seated upstairs where there were very few people. Took ages to take our order and after being there an hour we asked where our starters were. When they eventually arrived they were stone cold. The main meal was mediocre.  
Awful place, spent the whole evening delivering the wrong dishes to the wrong tables, and added an extra £15.95 to ourbill. When we asked what it was for, because no dish was actually written nex5 t9 it, they claimed it was a mistake, for which they offered nothing but an apology and a claim of ‘human error’. Don’t be misled by the seemingly plush interior- we got seated upstairs and it’s a dump, especially the nasty brown carpet. 
We have ordered from masa twice through Just Eat and both times they have got the order wrong even though I also called them before the delivery left the restraunt both times. This second time however was really bad. They gave some of my order to another person so I called the restraunt and he told me they must have given it to someone else and that I have to wait 1 hour to get the rest of my order (surprise surprise he never turned up). The man on the phone was very rude and told my husband he doesn't know anything about business. I think it's quite simple if we pay for something we expect to receive it and if I'm eating my meal im not going to wait 1 hour for the rest of it..nobody eats their dinner like that. The man on the phone offered me discount for next time but to be honest it's so stressful ordering from them that i declined the offer. Ordering online is meant to be easy and stress free but Masa completely ruined my dinner and my Saturday night. In the end I never got my food or my money back but I hope the person who got my food enjoyed their freebie! 
booked a table for 7.30pm for 14 friends to celebrate my 40th, the evening started well. However it became apparent quite quickly that the staff were not in rush to take our order. Several times we had to ask for someone to take our food order. It took over an hour for the starter to arrive, in the mean time the staff where happy to take drinks orders. By 10:15pm the main courses still had not arrived, it was annoying as other tables around us who arrived after us had had there food. At 10:15 I spoke to a member of staff to ask where our food was and his response was 'it's coming' No one apologised or offered an explanation as to why the food was late. 
Carlsberg maintains it is probably the best lager in the world, whereas Spice Station encourages you to savour, relax accompanied by exotic taste, fresh ingredients and are passionate about food. 
We ordered a take away meal from Spice Station tonight at 8pm. 
Attended small party last Sunday the service was absolutely awful. The food arrived almost 3hrs late and literally most the items ordered the restaurant had run out.  
I used to go in and eat alot of food from this place in the last 6 months that passed the food was great i loved the taste abit too much oil used in dishes at time but i was fine with it a couple of months pass and i went in to have a meal there my usual chicken karahi lamb karahi and their kabuli pilau and naan and some other stuff anyways when i ate it, 
Very basic food, slow service. If you want an authentic Italian meal in Richmond this isn’t the place to go.  
Dirty high chair 
I used to eat here years ago and decided to pop back recently. Basically the place hasn't moved on in terms of quality of food or service but prices have. The mixed grill is extortionate for what you get and service is surly to non-existent. My kebab was cold and rather than replace it I was told it wasn't cold as if I was some kind of village idiot. No idea why this place is so popular or still gets good reviews. 
Went to have dinner and found a bunch of hair in my food. When called the waiter, he was not concerned, no apology or no words from the manager. Had to call manager and explain without causing a scene. 
We consider ourselves very frequent clients of the Bella Italia in Uxbridge and on most occasions we are served by Gian Franco (please excuse the missspelling) who is a delightful waiter. He has always served us well , with a smile and his professionalism is consistent.  
Turned up at 20.30 and after walking in an patiently waiting to try and find someone who could greet us. We were ‘shown the finger’ by someone. Waited around another 5 mins while she scuttled about the place, presumably putting out fires, only for her to come over and tell us she was sorry, “the service is slow tonight, it will be 45 mins for food”. Great, thanks but no thanks. Went to Nando’s 50m down the street.  
A table of 8 on an eat out to help out evening was a disaster (we had booked in advance). Not enough staff working when every table was occupied - we were told there was 1 chef working. Waited over an hour for starters, which arrived with half the ingredients missing. Ordered on the app but they had no ticket for one starter which showed up after some people had been given mains. Food was average and we had to keep asking for everything eg. tap water, cutlery, sauces. A real shame but won't be returning 
we went there after reading good reviews. All the foods I ordered were bland and the rice was very hard. I was very disappointed 
Visited here on Sunday Dec 15, 2019. This place is unique. Bench seating along the wall to your right when you enter is filthy dirty. Look up. See the black mold on the ceiling? Black mold on ceiling above the bench seating. Service was incredible slow. Need i say more.  
Im a nepalese student, studying in University of West London. As, i was looking for an authentic nepalese food to eat nearly by my uni, and came across this restaurant, Lentil. However, i was disappointed to see a menu. It doesnt mention any nepalese foods. Just because you name one curry as a Gurkha curry doesn't make it nepalese. 99% of the menu is Indian. Why give a bad name to nepalese cuisine, by serving indian food? 
Booked an hour slot to have some drinks before our dinner reservation. 
This place have got the worst customer service in Richmond ever! The bartender on the ground floor is the slowest person behind the bar I have ever seen - 2 customers served for 25 mins! And after half an hour of waiting was my turn she just served another customer who was behind me on the line. Trying to correct her didn't help- she just ignored me then I went on the first floor to ask for the manager but the other bartender a man with long hair said there is no manager instead of wasting time in this shothole place I just went to ALL BAR ONE which is 2 mins walking where some of the REVOLUTION's customers was already ! This is much better place as a service , price and atmosphere  
Went for drinks and nibbles , the staff were extremely rude , attitude and customer service was one of the worst ive experienced the food was horrible and the security guards a female short security guard with a black beanie hat approached us aggressively and stepped up to me and my friends outside the restaurant. Bar manager swore at us aggressively the service was absolutely appalling , avoid at all costs will defiantly be reporting this to their manager and their head office. 
I would like to start this review by saying I sent an email of complaint to the email on your website and unsurprisingly I didn't receive a reply. Clearly zero management or leadership in the amazing building with the worst service and staff ever. All in all don't go there. No chef, no chicken...no salads... No bread.. no ice.. ordered a pizza only half a pizza came. a hour and half for cold food to arrive.it was laughable. When I questioned the manager if he thought it was acceptable he became extremely arrgessive in front of two children. Obviously we left. I was utterly stuck for words. How is this man allowed to deal with people. All I can say is he clearly hasn't had any training in anything to do with hospitality which isn't exactly his fault. If I could give less then one star I would 
We had a birthday celebration booked in advance where there was 6 tables reserved for us. As we arrived we noticed that the tables were filthy even though they were already set up for our guests!!!!!!  
Abril have amazing service to me and my group of friends! Will defo return fab service and food was lovely 
I went with some friends (all girls) to richmond just to try this bar, but the bodyguard told us it was closed and didn't let us in. 
The food is no good and also the service is no good. I got upset tummy ache when i eating from this restaurant also it very crowded and no very helpful staff. Also portions of the food are very large also the food goes down a drain in front of customers when they have finished. avoid going here at all cost 
If it were an option, I would give zero stars.  
Girl at the till was serving me then completely ignored me and moved on to another customer possibly her friend . Would never return 
Disappointing experience. The food was excellent but definitely not Michelin star service. Every course took too long to be served. We were finished our wine by the end of the starters. We paid the bill and long after that we were served the final post-desert snacks just as we got up from the table to leave. We had already ordered our taxi because we thought the meal was finished. So cancelled the taxi, but had no drinks left, not even any water to enjoy the final snacks with. You would think having one waiting staff for every table and a £400 bill for two people would be enough to guarantee good service, but clearly not. We have a better and less expensive experience in other 1 Michelin star restaurants in the UK. 
I always craved for local Malaysian cuisine when I visit London from time to time. This is because I am a typical Malaysian and born with a typical uncontrollable desire for local food after spending a week in a foreign land. So when I stumble upon Makan Cafe after reading the good reviews in TripAdvisor, we decided to give this place a try. We ordered two plates of Nasi Lemak and a CKT. The next minute we were told to change our orders. So I told the one of the staff that we travelled all the way here to makan (eat) Nasi Lemak". The staff obliged and we where served respectively. The rice didn't taste like Nasi Lemak and the CKT was awfully prepared. I told the staff that they had served us plain rice instead of Nasi Lemak. One staff said "'couldn't you taste it? While the other snapped "didn't the cook explained to you ? Long story short, the staff made us felt stupid as if we didn't know what Nasi Lemak was ! I felt I was conned !! This place has definitely left us with a bad after taste. 
We went today after reading the reviews here and craving Malaysian food. 
Guest of a charitable lunch. Arrived with prior notice that we would have two young children. Denied seats at the table by a very rude Maitre d’ for the youngsters. After being given our tour of the kitchen (a literal glimpse) we noted a table suited for our number directly opposite the kitchen itself. Once in the kitchen we saw how the staff man handle the food, but also lick their fingers and feed themselves from the tongs and then they carefully place food on customers plates. This, after all of the food we had already eaten. Below average for a restaurant with such a supposed high calibre Gordon Ramsey name. 
We ordered pollo milanese and the seabass 
Me and my girlfriend were given a lunch gift from a friend and were really looking forward to this fine dining experience. 
Visited with friends after many years and after finding out their food hygiene rating had gone up from a 2 to a 3 in October 2018. We ordered minced lamb kebabs, jojeh chicken, hummus, cucumber yoghurt. To be honest the lamb did not taste like lamb. It was very obviously some cheap minced meat (I shudder to think what it was). The food just didn’t seem to have much marinade or taste. A disappointment and I will most definitely not be revisiting.  
We had dinner at persian palace last night and unfortunately my husband who had minced kebab got food poisoning. He was so sick after countless throw ups that had to be taken home from work. When I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager, he reassured me that he's had no complaints and over 1000 portion of the same food was served on the same night. He also mentioned that it takes 72hours!! For the symptoms to show up from food poisoning is that how long it takes for the food to digest?!!! And apparently he was told this in his course. What he didn't know is that I work in health service and aware that it only takes 1-6h for symptoms to kick in. We are seriously disappointed because this has been our favourite Iranian restaurant but I'm afraid to say we won't be visiting ever again. Almost all staff seems to be new which tells me management might have changed and sadly food has gone down with it. 
I went to the restaurant last night along with my family and faced an absolutely disgusting behaviour none other than by the OWNER (bold head guy). After we had food and the staff came with the bill I went to the reception to pay the bill by card and asked the person to pleas remove the service charges as these charges are optional and I would not like to pay today, suddenly the owner came to the reception and asked me that I have to pay which I told him that legally I am not bound to pay but only If I would like to. So he told me that ok I am taking these charges off for now but you don’t have to come to this restaurant again. Honestly speaking I would not expect this kind of a behaviour from the OWNER at least, So arrogant and bad behaviour which just completely ruined our night. Will definitely not recommend as you might end up coming across this disgusting behaviour OWNER and I am not surprised if that’s what training he is giving to his staff, although they were nice. 
This place was the biggest disappointment ever. For £55 per person, certainly not worth it. This is a 3 course meal - Appetizer of Mackerel or a veg dish, main course of Pork chop or Sea Breem and a desert. The 3 course meal is pretty much an appetizer, you need to go get food elsewhere. Would not recommend or visit again. Don’t get taken in by it being a “Gordon Ramsey” Restaurant. It is complete waste of your money. If you want an “experience or a been there done that” then there are better experiences. If you are looking for mediocrity at a high price, go here!!!! 
Only 2 main vegetarian dishes available???!!!  
Just went. Can't recommend: no's. 15, 22, 27, 28 and 30 from the menu, which was the whole order plus a couple of starters. The place is always full in the evening which gave us false hope. It was our first time there, usually opting for Abu Zaad, Ealing Mangal and Slemani which usually delivery top notch tasty cuisine. The service at Persian Palace leaves much to be desired as does the quality and overall taste of the food. The only positive was the portion sizes. However, with food that bland you're better off buying a tub of hummus from Cudi and smashing that on your way home.  
£50 around that per mixed grill platter!!....would be fine if very tasty...but far from it...bland food....had to add loads of chilli sauce and yoghurt sauce which themselves tasted off....totally unimpressed..hugely disappointed night out with family...very expensive for area...come on guys...this is West Ealing for goodness sake....!! 
So I visited during the day to eat here I ordered a kebab with rice and salad all in the same plate I had already ate half my plate and all of a sudden I look down at my salad and there was moving worms crawling in my salad it made me sick to a point it was so disgusting how can a restaurant like this be open the hygiene is awful I advise you not visit and eat here unless you wanna get sent to hospital. And when I got up to leave the lady had the audacity to ask me if I’d like to pay I refused to as I didn’t get to finish my meal I was just so disgusted and disappointed never again! 
Horrible food.terrible service. Absolutely disgusting man stood out the shop window right infront of our table started knocking on the window which we ignored and then he proceeded to strip, putting us right off the food. we asked the waiters to interveen which they refused,then we asked to speak to the manager who was horrifically indifferent to the problem. We ended up leaving all our food on the table. The manager Brushed us off by saying it was not his problem and he can’t do anything . Bunch of cowards. the 'men' in that place need to man up. Absolute disgrace. 
Went to Persian palace with my friend today. Was seated by a rude waitress who looked like she was in the worst mood.  
I don’t normally write reviews on food, i have tried many persian restaurants around london and UK, but i feel like i have to this time, the quality of koobideh was horrible, oily, hardly any meat, was all egg and dry bread crumbs, also all koobideh portions MUST come with grilled tomatoes, we did not see any grilled tomatos but loads of rice, we ordered kashke bademjoon and mirzaghasemi and yet we still had to pay £1.75 twice for the naaan?? Really??? These starters are meant to come with naan, why should anyone pay extra for the naan??, anyway i would not visit this restaurant again!!! Horrible food and service ! Me and my girlfriend both had stomach ache after the food. 
Our group of seven arrived for my 50th birthday family celebration and were given drinks menus. One minute later we were asked by a different waiter if we were ready to order.  
I can handle the rude waiter; authenticity aplenty in this Francais franchise. 
Ok so went yesterday for dinner with my boyfriend, the waiter got our order wrong so had to wait awhile. We found straight stranda of hair in the salad and rice which really put us off the whole meal. Defo will not be returning. 
An absolute disservice to Persian cuisine and Iranian hospitality. Sat us down at a table where the chairs were covered in rice. The table itself was completely broken and wobbling around all over the place. Waiter barely said more than 2 words to us, and had the attitude of a sulking teenager. Food was bland and tasteless. Bread was stale (how?? How did they manage to ruin bread??). My friend said they had a great experience there, so perhaps ours was a one off - either way, it was still bad. 
the restaurant forced customer to pay service charge. if you don't pay you will get chucked out/ over priced 
Hygiene is woeful ... use the same dirty sponge to wipe down 5 tables ... man cooking in kitchen in t shirt and jeans ... man baking bread at front door licking his fingers then kneading dough .... yukkkkkkkkk explains why they only got 2 stars .. in fact they were lucky to get them... fair chance of getting an upset stomach at this ****place .. never ever again... doesnt deserve to be in business 
This was my first visit to the restaurant and will be the last. The baqalah pillow was not upto expectation,it was not fresh contrary to what the waiter told us. It was made of dried and old leafs. 
I came here many years ago and die to bad service never went back.  
This restaurant may yet achieve something that being with a vegetarian for eleven years has yet to do for me: stop me wanting to eat meat. 
Very eraly fro a train at Paddington so thought i would have a dinner at ASK. Garlic bread and a Pollo Milanese.  
The first time wasn't so bad, I asked for well poached eggs with my vegetarian breakfast and they brought it with super runny eggs! 
I order from this establishment (Ask Italian Spring St) on Deliveroo and my past 3 orders have had missing items. I will not order from here again. They are incompetent. The food today was flavourless and bland and yet again had missing items. 
Went here with my brothers and nephews for a boys meal out - 5 of us went 3 ended up with diarrhoea.  
I enjoy Iranian food and whenever possible we like to try Persian restaurants.  
We are from Melbourne visiting London for 4 days.  
I was taken here by a client of mine (I know, I know...but I have done a lot of good work for him and he insisted) on 4th December and when the bill came, I felt genuinely sorry for him. He is a rich man, I shouldn't have. But it was SUCH a disappointment. The atmosphere, for a start, was terrible. You could hear a pin drop. It is an awkward sort of atmosphere. People feel uncomfortable in here.  
I don’t write review on food, but this time I had no chose, I have order two kabab kobideh/Nan at 2:43 on 26 October 2016, I have arrived home within 10 minutes to open the box, it was frozen kabab with full of oil but very bizarre oil type within two minutes the oil get frozen, I call them up , he said this juice of the kabab , he was so unfriendly over the phone , I put the order in rubbish pin with ten minutes , never approach that shop again, buy from healthy place, so if your cholesterol is high stay away from that shop 
We ate here and ended both ended up very sick. Everyone from the hotel to the travel agent helped and tried to minimize th disruption to our honeymoon but the restaurant was not respondive. No apologies and no sympathy.  
After two consecutive dinners here, we went again. We were not acknowledged by any staff for 30- 45 minutes. The tables were only 50 % occupied. They had 6 waiters at that time. Every one walked past us , but no one. We are wondering what is happening. We took our jackets and stormed out.  
So we heard all this hype about it being the best Persian place in town so I've gone with family about 20 of us. At the time food was ok, very bland but edible. The after not the best story literally almost all of us who had visited got instantly ill I'm talking temperature vomiting and bed bound for at least 2 days. No idea what was in that food but I don't plan to ever go there again. Service wasn't the greatest either 
The food is very basic here. 
Was very disappointed with the food, we ordered a kebab koobideh which tasted like the kebab was made of egg, there was little meat and 90 percent egg, tasted horrible...would not recommend to anyone 
Not happy with service food came a hour late and plastic found in my food I'm definitely not coming back here again !!! 
We went to this restaurant two years ago and enjoyed it, but boy has it changed. 
We booked a reservation on Sat 18 August for 2 adults and 2 children whilst staying in the London for the weekend. I made the booking online that they confirmed with an email. We arrived just before 8pm to find the restaurant locked (but the lights were still on). Several other people arrived with reservations but had to walk away like us too. 
How should I express my dinning experience at this zero star restaurant? I was invited by close friend for dinner to this place and it was my first time to visit this restaurant. 
We went there for dinner, and could only say food was average but would not have paid this price for the food and service. We were four in total, and paid around GBP105 per person excluding wine. There are definitely better Michelin star places in London which provide a better dining experience. Few comments to share:  
Read lots of reviews on how good this was and kept walking past it and seeing how busy it was so felt I should give it a try. I appreciate it isn't gourmet dining but still expected it to be fairly decent in a cheap and cheerful type of way. It was pretty grim if I'm honest. Really really dry food, a mountain of plain rice and very fatty lamb (I know lamb is fatty anyway but usually flavour/cookingbmethod sorts that out) - with this I could taste the fat. And probably drip it off my plate too. Just not good... But so so busy, people obviously like it - am I missing something?!  
Popped in for Sunday lunch on the 15th Oct, was told to sit anywhere on one side of the restaurant only..? Odd but ok.  
Terrible we found a hair in our food complained to the manager, he became aggressive and pushed my partner and grabbed him by the throat. Please avoid as you maybe next to be assaulted should you ever make a complaint to the manager (He's the bold guy with a unibrow)  
If I could leave 0 stars then I would! 
The first time I visited the restaurant the waitress pushed me as she serving people and did not say excuse me or even sorry. Instead she gave me a dirty look and said move. Very very rude. I walked out the restaurant with my friend. We visited again hoping that was a one off and thought we will give the restaurant another go as I was craving persian food. There was huge queue at the door and we went to the ask the waiter at the door a question about the wait. He shouted in our face. Very very bad service rude staff and absolutely no manners. We visited molana across the door and had an amazing dining experience there and go there every week now. 
Quality of food wasn’t as good as expected. It wasn’t worth the money. The service was virtually non-existent and yet we were charged a 10 percent service charge. Waste of time and money. 
I have been a regular customer at Persian palace but this experience had left me mortified to say the least.  
The staff are more concerned over their own conversations than having a look to see if clients need any help. I had to get up and interrupt their conversation.  
We had mouldy raspberries for two times in a row! You do not deserve to be awarded with a Michelin Star 
This place has to be the most overatted restaurant and i use that word loosely in London!  
I had recently a very bad experience there; enjoyed the environment and the food was good. Delicious flavor and well presented. However the waiter we had was either inept or poorly trained. We ordered a kids menu for my 2 year old daughter and they brought it with season and pepper; the worse was that the waiter refused to get the dish back and also charge for it. 
A friend of ours who lives in London had suggested we try Ask Italian as an affordable yet good lace to eat. So we went here on our last day of our London visit. It was a Tuesday night at around 9 pm. The place was almost empty but for a couple of tables. The waitresses took their time coming to our table to take our order. We went with a lasagna and a bolognese pasta. Worst decision ever. The food showed up in 2 minutes and it was one of the worst I have ever had. The lasagna tasted like cardboard, as if it had been heated in a microwave in the box it came in and the pasta tasted just as bad and it also felt it had been microwaved. We ordered a couple drinks but needed water when the food arrived. Unfortunately ALL of the waitresses were having dinner at a nearby table and so none was available to bring us water. It took almost 10 minutes to get one of them to realize we were waiving at them, even when only 10 feet were between us. We were so hungry that we ate it but when complained to the waitress she looked surprised. She called the manager and he offered to have the price waived but we decided to pay since we had eaten the food. Good gesture, maybe, apologizing for a food he knew was not good, most likely. Any way, I would not recommend THIS particular place to anyone and needles to say we will never try another ASK Italian, just in case they all turn out to be the same... 
Yes you read right, WORM in my food. The meat seemed old and recooked compared to having succulent boneless pieces. Half way through my meal I see a shell and within in a baby worm! I kind of found it funny at first, but the ignorant waiter (old guy) says "it's always happening to you" after I refused to pay for having a WORM in my food! How ridiculous, considering I haven't been to the restaurant for almost 6 months. This rude behaviour really heated things up for me. From funny this went serious. I will be reporting this to Health and Safety standards. As these incompetent people cannot even clean lettuce properly. Horrible standard. I tried to speak to the owner who conviniently left and no one would give his number. Absolutely poor behaviour. Plenty of other Persian places. This place is old news. 
Hi all, I have never written a review but after my horrendous experience I feel you should all know, DO NOT GO HERE!!! Service was awful, waited over 2 hours for food and then ran out of rice and never informed us. I was so disappointed in the end I asked for the food as a take away which they forgot about. I walked out and expressed my concerns to the owner whom then just laughed and shrugged his shoulders of course he was clearly very unprofessional and does not know how to treat his customers with respect. 
I have never written a review on tripadvisor or other sites for restaurants, hotels etc - but after visiting this place, I felt like I had to! 
The waiting time was over a hour to get our food. Also, the waiter dropped a glass on a baby and they were not apologetic. We asked for a take away they didn't provide us with it. It was a bad experience and the manager did not apologise at all. Don't eat from there !!!! On top of that they even hid our car keys and laughed and we had to get the police involved. The owner disappeared as we forgot them and insulted us in front of the police officer when he returned conveniently the cctv was not working.  
We sometimes pop in for brunch here. It is always busy but staff remain very friendly. They have regulars who they know by name which is reassuring. The foods is good and reasonably priced. 
Had a meal here. Bill came to £70 and they decide to add on £7 "service charge" and the customer service is ridiculous. They ignore requests and were very rude. I didnt pay the service charge. The staff member then goes to me.. 'You haven't paid the full amount' I then told them the service was bad and I didnt want to pay it. The staff member then says you have to pay it. If you don't we might not let you in next time. Absolutely ridiculous.  
Its a shame they don't have no stars. The customer service was terrible. I decided to ignore other reviews about the service as I have been here previously. However the customer service is awful to say the least. Had to wait 40mins for a seat. Two other couples/families went before us.  
Hi Everyone, been to this restaurant a few times. First when it opened, i found the food and quality exceptional on a number of visits. Went twice recently, the meat quality has gone down and so has the service. Lazy staff who ignore you... Dissapointing  
Been going to this place for the past five years now, the last few months service has really disappointed me! Home delivery is appalling, they never seem to get my order right. It's either the starter,salad or main course is missing! The last few orders the owner of the place has rectified the problem but this last time it went too far!!! Never received the main course but got charged for it, when I called the restaurant staff are rude, aggressive, indirectly saying that I'm 'lying' . One staff promises to send the missing order the other says I already send it then some other staff says you won't receive anything because you never ordered it. It went as far as checking CCTV to prove that I was right - obviously by then I completely lost my appetite.  
I have visited here before and it was good, but now standards across the board have dropped. 
The owner is rude, unprofessional, bald. Never go back there again. There was hair in the food. He was insisting it was our own hair. We asked for another portion he was so upset !! It was just a starter! I can’t believe such a service exists in London.  
Just another mediocre restaurant taking up space. 
I've spent thousands at ramsay restaurants in London. Stuck in France and tried to cancel a reservation on 36 hours notice. After a half hour on the phone they refused, even though they could look me up on their computer and confirm I'm a good customer. Let's do the world a favor and not encourage customer abuse. They are arrogant and need to be taught a lesson. Go elsewhere. 
First visit was with friends great service very attentive. Second visit with my husband and son for my birthday was not up to scratch we ordered starters and mains waited around 20/30 minutes mains came but no starters. I had praised this place to family and we were very disappointed. When we asked about starters the waiter just looked at us,so we ate our meal and left. We won’t be back. 
I am not sure where to start. We couldn't understand what any of the food waiters were saying about the food or the wine waiters were saying about the the wine. Completely unintelligible .We chose the tasting menu for £110 per head and the wine match for £85 per head. As the dishes were served we were waiting for the wow moment. It came at the end of the meal with the sorbet.  
The pub looks very nice, it looks cosy and has candles on the tables which is a nice touch.  
Words fail me as to exactly how poor the place is run. McMullens senior management need to retrain or redeploy the current managers 
We went for lunch at Robin Hood yesterday. My daughter is Coeliac and I am gluten intolerant. They say they offer a gluten free menu. When ordering, I told the waitress of the daughters Coeliac condition. When her food arrived it had the gluten Yorkshire on the plate. The waitress took the plate away and then bought back minus the Yorkshire. I asked if it were a new plate or if the Yorkshire had just been removed. She said the latter. I tried to explain about cross contamination but I don’t really think she understood!! She then bought my daughter a new plate of her order and we had our meal. Unfortunately, immediately after we returned home, both my daughter and I suffered symptoms of being ‘glutened’! Very, very disappointed and think they should remove gf from their menu, until they are better educated on the reasons of gluten free! This is a very serious matter for someone who is Coeliac!!! 
This restuarant is a complete waste of time don't even bother going there and waste your money. The owner is a very rude and ill mannered person person and is only interedted in serving her regular ciustomers that spend a lot of money there 
We had our dinner here but when we noticed that they are serving alocohol's in the same glasses as soft drinks, i spoke to the manager about this. First she denied, that this is not the case, but when i offered her to come see for herself, she said you should bring your own glasses with you. 
Went here today. Very slow poor service. Waited ages for mains, which were not hot on eventual arrival. One dish sent back to be heated. One young guest ordered a gluten free cheese and bacon burger from main gluten free menu, and got a kids one with a burnt bun. Waited another age for deserts, which we only ordered because we were stuck in the two meal festive offer. Ordered a gluten free ice-cream which came with a gluten wafer in it, and had to be returned and hopefully replaced. So don't come here if you're a coeliac or gluten intolerent even though they provide a gluten free menu. Worst £240 spent, still fed up, and definitely would not recommend. 
i was not happy with the service in the restaurant and i didnt pay the service charge . the owner forced me to pay it or iam not alowad to come again..so my advice dont go to this restaurant...the serice very bad 
Booked for Christmas lunch for myself and my mum. They debited £500 from my credit card as soon as I booked it weeks ago. My elderly mum has unfortunately fallen ill and cannot make it so asked if we could simply move our lunch date to a later date when when she is back on her feet. Answer...no. We've got your money and we're keeping it whether you're coming or not. If you want to make another booking great but we'll just charge you for that one on top. I will let you all decide whether you think that's a nice way to treat customers at Christmas. I was appalled. I have eaten here many times before. I wont return. 
Food, not great at all. If a vegetarian where to go there, or someone who doesn't like red meat- I think they would be eating a plate of rice. Service, not great. Does not serve alcohol- which is fine, but their selection of soft drinks is ridiculously small. I asked for coffee, they had none. I asked for tea with milk, they had none, the fruit juice I had was warm. The only redeeming feature is the bread baked fresh at the front, but there are better places to go for bread. Very very cheap prices, which is good considering how little I enjoyed myself 
We went to the Robin Hood with our two small boys for an early dinner at 5pm. The selection of food for the children was good but that is where any positive comment stops I’m afraid. We ordered and then waited nearly 40 minutes for our dinner. My own order was incorrect 3 times, with the waitress even arguing with me as to what the meal came with, despite the menu being clear. My son’s pasta had the sauce on the side (strange but ok) and the pasta had obviously been sat out for ages and under a warming lamp so it was dried out. Despite misgivings I agreed to the boys ordering two single scoops of sorbet. 25 minutes later it hadn’t appeared. I asked, it still didn’t appear. I lost all sense of patience and told the children we were leaving ( you can imagine the tears) when suddenly we were told it was on its way.... another 8 minutes I was ready to go and ask for the spoon and the tub and I would dish it out myself. We had ordered well before the main restaurant became busy but the service was simply appalling. We won’t be back. 
It seems that The owner or the manager of this place has never been in this country as he doesn't know what is customer service, I have been there twice and the owner or the manager was rude to us and we didn't see respect from him. The other staff are good but the manager which works as a waiter too is pain in the neck which make me not going there because of him! The food is good that's why people go there but they should improve their customer service to keep their business running. Customer service is important for me which you can't see in there, I think he hear the excretion "THE CUSTOMER IS ALWAYS RIGHT" other way around. 
Found 2 hairs in my pizza which I had eaten half of. It was taken away and deducted off my bill. When I paid the waitress asked if we had enjoyed the meal. I said apart from the hair in my pizza and she rolled her eyes while she ripped off the receipt! So rude!!! No sweetners.  
We were shopping and hungry. Ask Italian appeared truly inviting to go and eat our fav Italian cuisine.  
We arrived as a party of 11 at 6pm and it was evident immediately that the place was understaffed, as all the waiting staff were charging about with little time for customers and the place was only half full. We ordered drinks, but my wife's vodka based cocktail didn't arrive. When I eventually drew someones attention to it, I was advised they had run out of vodka. I questioned why they hadn't told us that when they served the drinks, the reply was a rather surly "i've only just found it". It didn't get any better as the evening went on.We ordered a mixed starter board only to be told they were out of mushrooms, so we ordered extra calamari. However they then returned and advised us they had mushrooms but no calamari. It all culminated in the order of 5 deserts, but only 4 being served. It took quite sometime to get a member of staff to come to the table and even longer for them to resolve the matter. A very disappointing evening. poor service, bad management, average food, I wont be returning. 
Shown to my table. Waited 10 mins and not even offered a drink. Slicking service, shame as I was really hungry! 
Awful food, wrong main course brought, forgot the water twice, puddings not as described (or maybe they were wrong as well), totally disorganised and very slow service ("we're very sorry, it's Sunday" does not constitute a valid excuse). We gave it a second chance after a previous poor meal, but never again.  
I had one of the worst pub experience in ages... The staff acted like they were doing us a favour and, trust me, they weren't. I never had such an execrable gastronomic experience. The pork belly was over cooked, extremely badly cooked and all together uneatable. 
I will not be going back to the this venue. I agree with the review of t h 22nd April. The manager is arrogant. I did not feel comfortable and the staff were rude. The salad option was disgusting. It used to be a lovely venue but I found it the staff rude and the food mediocre. 
I have had to pay for medioca food, awful service and listening to the bar staff swearing I couldn’t have dessert as I was not offered any I complained but the staffs and the managers level of services is so bad they could not get it I feel completely robbed of good money. I have eaten here before on a Sunday and knew to stay away from the beef. But tonight they completely surpassed themselves on bad service and food I would dish up as a non trained cook. Please go elsewhere. 
Was there yesterday , December 25th for Christmas lunch with family .  
Visited again and far from impressed.  
Booked a birthday celebration for my son arrived to feel extremely uncomfortable as bar staff were whispering and seemed to be laughing at my son! I spoke to a waitress to ask what the problem was she replied they are bored. I then spoke to the staff and told them they have made me feel very uncomfortable they said what!!!! I them repeated it again and they said oh!! Our party of five then left. There couldn't care less that we left!!! Lucky they can afford to lose £100 or more. Would never go there again awful. 
In all the years I have been eating at all different types of Restaurants Pubs etc.....I can truthfully say I have never had such an awful meal.....I ordered chicken on a bed of mashed potato with broccoli spears......when it came to the table it was a piece of chicken on a dollop of waxy mash with a few broccoli spears around it with a sauce over the top.....it didn't look very appealing, but I thought, well looks aren't everything.....then I could smell,a familiar smell,of basically gone off chicken.....I put my nose slightly nearer to the dish and realised straight away that the chicken was definitely off...I turned to my partner and said would you confirm that I wasn't imagining it.....he tasted the chicken and immediately spat it out and said....I quote ......the only place that belongs is in the bin....it is rancid......I find complaining about food very embarrassing......but certainly had no choice as something needed to be done if they are serving up chicken that was way beyond its sell by date.....and also was still might I add pink inside......the smell of it was awful.....I am surprised the so called Chef didn't smell it too.....the girl took my dish away and apologised.....she returned a few minutes later saying that she had tasted it and said yes, I was right the chicken tasted bad......To be honest I didn't want to order anything else.....but did because I didn't want to cause a fuss because I was with family....so I had some fish and chips......they were freshly cooked.....but the fish was nothing special.....but at least it was hot and looked appetising.....the waitress of course did not charge us for the chicken dinner......but did of course for the replacement dinner.....would have been a nice gesture to not charge anything considering they were lucky I didn't get serious stomach problems if I had eaten any of the chicken..... 
Myself and my brother had planned to treat our parents to a family dinner and decided on the Robin Hood pub for this. We placed our drinks order and had no member of staff bring our drinks over for 30 mins. We could see our drinks waiting at the bar so my brother went and got them himself. We had to then call over a member of staff to take our food order. Starters were nice and came quickly followed by food. They brought the wrong chips for my brother and took 10 mins to replace them. By then the steak he was eating had basically been eaten. He ordered a coke which he saw on the bar again so he went up to get it himself. The bartender made a comment that he'd done that twice and clearly felt embarrassed. The mains were ok, nothing special. We ordered 4 desserts. They were nice but my mum's Eves pudding was inedible as it was hard and did not match the description on the menu. Service was slow and pretty painful, staff dont seem to care much and the food is nothing special. Would have rather paid double the money for a good experience. 
I was shocked by the rudeness of the manager. Had a quiet word with her to explain that it was well over an hour since arriving and we had still not had our good. Her response was that we had only ordered forty minutes ago! It is not our fault that they took half an hour to take our order and forty minutes is far too long to wait. But most importantly, the customer deserves service not defensive rudeness. Food very average. Roast beef could have been used to put new soles on my boots. Will not visit again. 
We booked a table in advance and when turned up we were told “ I don’t understand why they are taking bookings from non residents”. The restaurant manager was extremely rude and kept on waving a piece of paper in front of our eyes saying he had no space for us and we are fifth in the queue and table will be ready in 45mins. We explained we live in Windsor and are not the hotel guests and we will not be waiting 45 mins and we need him to do something about it but he just became even more rude so we decided to speak to the duty manager instead. She seemed much more professional but again we were told to wait just like everyone else. We asked for whiskey sour at the bar and the barman bluntly said he doesn’t know what it is... when asked for a glass of prosecco we were shocked to be served luke warm, fizz free yellow water. When said to the barman that I will not drink it as it doesn’t have a single bubble and it’s room temperature he just said this is perfectly fine and he only just opened the bottle...We were absolutely shocked by the service we received so far but decided to wait as we read great things about the food. We were finally seated an hour after our reservation time and had to wait another 25 mins to receive water and bread we asked for. We were so hungry and fed up we just left. I really don’t understand how such lovely place with such great potential employs such unprofessional and clearly unexprevienced staff who have no idea about hospitality business. The place itself looks absolutely stunning but it’s massively let down by the people who work there.  
Very disappointing. Poor quality food for what you get. Service slow. Basically pub food at restaurant prices 
We are regulars at three Mc Mullens.The Robin Hood is probably the better of the three at least until the previous manager,Karen,left.Since then t standards have started to slip.The front of house are very good although the new manager is yet to make himself known. 
Appaling! 
I booked a table here with my partner and 2 kids. 
5 of us had Sunday roast at Robin Hood.  
We visited here today and once seated perused menus. A menu was taken from our table by a member of staff for a reserved table to be set but still no service for us. 20 mins later we left having placed no order for drinks or food. 
We arrived early and only a few others there, starter came in good time, but then we waited and waited for our main course (by then it had become busy). We had to stand up and wave to attract any attention. Only 3 waitresses, one who was new, not enough. The main courses arrived but had clearly been waiting for a good 15 minutes and a bit dried up. Then when asked for the bill which again took much waving to attract attention, they then brought it but it took well over 15 minutes so we ahd to go and ask for it, to be asked to wait some more. They need more waiting staff. 
First it took a good 4 minutes in an unbusy restaurant for anyone to notice we were present. Once seated we were not asked for a drinks order or provided with menus, the menus arrived eventually but again we were not asked what we wanted to drink.  
Booked a table of 8 for a quiet family celebration lunch. Ordered a wide variety of options and everyone was mostly happy with their choices. BUT the afternoon was spoiled by us having to keep going up to the bar and interrupt the staff who spent more time huddling for a gossip around the till than looking after their customers to prompt them to come and take our order - firstly for the main order, again for the desserts (which took an age to arrive) and finally for the bill. 
20th June 2017- 
Visited here for an anniversary dinner. The food was average and a little over priced, but to be expected for Chiswick so nothing to quibble with there. The staff however were the worst I’ve ever dealt with in a restaurant setting. We were the last table and chose not to pay the discretionary service charge when settling the bill. Like most restaurants we were asked the reasons for this, and explained that despite the restaurant being quiet we still had to ask multiple times for bread, drinks etc. For professional establishments this would be an acceptable reason, however all three members of the waiting staff then turned aggressive and rude. They all approached the table within an unacceptable distance, and we were greeted with sniggers, rude comments, and arguments. To top it off we were told “people like you are not welcome back”. They need not worry, as we will not be returning, and suggest everyone else takes their money elsewhere too! AVOID AVOID AVOID 
The food was good, the staff member was very rude, not polite he thinks we were fools, I’m not visiting again in the future if the same staff member is there, bad experience, it’s just was 1 member of staff, rest of them very nice and helpful 
Koobideh was very oily and not test of koobideh . Very poor quality and when I get my food wasn’t any grill tomato on my plat which normally koobideh serves with grill tomato and green long bell pepper. I personally never try again this restaurant. 
Not very good food all round for a pub restaurant. Pate I sent back was rock solid & main was very average. Can't see me going back.  
We visited this restaurant on Saturday 6th October , shortly after it opened . The place looks attractive , having recently been refurbished. I had booked a table for dinner , intending to entertain two friends visiting us from France . It was TERRIBLE and I was very embarrassed . The proprietor had not staffed the restaurant properly neither with serving nor cooking staff so our arrival was not propitious .. kept waiting , no water or menus offered and the wine we ordered slow to arrive . When the menus did arrive , the single card , LAMINATED was totally out of sync with the prices and gave the immediate message that the menu here was never going to change with availability . The average price of starters is £15.00 ; main courses around £28. Of course , for VERY good food these prices are to be expected . However , the food was poorly prepared , presented in an unsophisticated way and WAY BELOW the quality to be expected at these prices . My fish was dry , over cooked and tasteless . My husband’s man course of prawn pasta had a total of three meagre prawns . This part of West London , where I have lived for over thirty years has a wide variety of restaurants , including the Michelin Star La Trompette , just yards away where one can eat sublime food for little more than the prices of Casa Dino . We refused to settle the bill in full and departed , shocked that anyone could try to hoodwink their customers in this way . The man in charge , not the owner , said they had problems with the chef . Rubbish .Nothing about it was acceptable . I didn’t immediately review this place as it has only recently appeared on Trip Advisor . I advise that you avoid it at all costs 
Visited the Robin Hood on Wed 15th with 2 friends, never again. All 3 of us had the burger and all 3 of us were ill that night into the next day. All 3 of us are NHS and it was something we could have done without in the current climate. 
We walked out having been seated for 20 minutes without even an offer of a drinks order.  
Only called in here for breakfast.....totally chaotic. Staying in the hotel only offered Luke warm breakfast rolls a after queueing for 20 mins......guests in queue one door in and out and staff running in and out with hot food. Tables not cleaned  
Went here with the family and I wouldn't recommend the slop they served to animals. 
Food was awful, cutlery and glassware were dirty and worst of all it was expensive! Dont waste your time here probably much nicer places close by. 
All, I have lived in Acton for number of years and visited pub for quick bite, beer, drink anything 00s times but what happened this week is horror !! Chips & Beer comes together , right ? you can say chips where ok but not sure if it wasn't fired with fishy stuff but beer ! I love Beer , had 2 beers Camden and Peroni ! i was sick all afternoon , all night and next day morning ,please do check what's wrong with beers, maybe supplier or your pipes - at the moment , The Rocket is my place to go ! 
Ordered two vegetarian meals goats cheese & apricot nut roast ,and a Cajun Chicken with salad ! Waited an hour before it came and when it arrived ,both vegetarian meals came with no gravy as was written on the menu ,and the roast potatoes were burt black ! Have eaten here lots of times and usually with no problem ,and I'm Hoping we just had a bad day, even so ,to serve black burnt roast potatoes is bad form! Otherwise Robin Hood is set in a beautiful location just outside the hustle and bustle of London !  
Had to wait 40 minutes to get my drinks, the manager was not helpful at all. He was rude to me saying that we should share the drink refunded.  
Nice place, really poor service. Charged 12.5% ‘optional’ service charge on all drinks in upper bar, even when we had to wait at the bar for 15 mins to be served. They don’t make this clear, unless you’re watching the till you won’t notice, and then if you pay by card you’re asked if you want to add a gratuity. Simply ripping people off.  
first impressions- walked in and no one came to talk to us and ended up standing there until i walked to find a table myself. 
Do not pop into this cafe unless you want to find yourself belittled for ordering a takeaway coffee!!  
Food average, expensive drinks and truly dreadful service. It was so slow that we had been there 15 minutes before we could order drinks and get menus. Several couples left without ordering! Maybe we were unlucky as there are lots of good reviews! Beware. 
Horrendous customer service as we stood by the bar. The lady didn’t turn as we said hello. We grab our own menus. After my boyfriend tried to get her attention to order, she continued to ignore us (considering we were there for 4-5 minutes). I, personally, would not recommend.  
I chose this cafe for lunch with my boyfriend and best friend on new years day. This was meant to be a lovely little pick me up after the new years eve shenanigans. 
Ordered shakshouska for brunch and was surprised how bad it was. Will be my first and last time to visit. In nice location, Chiswick and the waitresses are kind but the food is a complete letdown. 
Went for lunch with friends. Not one person was satisfied with the quality of food they received. Beef burger was dry, no seasoning and not filling. My glass of wine I thought was super expensive and was not expecting that price at the end of the meal. The sweet potato fries were OK.  
We have been dining here for years and more so since Black Pepper closed. However, the last twice we have been for dinner, we have been really disappointed.  
We went to Casa Mia because Dona Teresa next door where we had booked was unbearably noisy with a huge party taking up the whole length of the restaurant so we walked out.  
If this was the last place to eat in the UK you may be happy. This reminds me of an American restaurant called Denny’s. The eggs and bacon were over cooked. The hash browns were previously frozen like McDonalds and the beans were straight out of the can.  
Pizzas we made with too much dough and the pizza wasn’t even in a circle. The pizza base was undercooked aswell. 
Went with a few friends ,the gentleman that served us was rude ,and was in such a rush to get rid of us  
We went to the Robin Hood first Sunday in January as we had not been in a few years. The quailty of the food especially the roast is terrible. The Yorshire puddings are so large and hard that no one could eat them and the quality of the beef was poor. It is not cheap either. 
I am local I do not have problem with staff or food but I do have a complain. 
I visited with my boyfriend for lunch, the waitress was very rude and was not attentive instead she was with the other waitress at the end of the restaurant laughing out loud and not caring about the customers. She took our order and forgot something and I had to remind her when we had already received part of our order and nearly finished it. when she brought the remaining part of our food 15 minutes after we were finished I didn't see a point in having it anymore but I thought I'd have it as it's ready but it was horrible and not fresh so I called her over and complained,I said this is really bad,she started at me and said but your the only customer who said this!!! And just kept looking at me....I was like nevertheless I am still a paying customer but she ignored me and I was too upset to argue so although we didn't touch it but we ended up paying for it. Will NRVER go there again. 
We decided to use this restaurant as we couldn't find anything else close to our hotel and we have a few children. First of all they wouldn't put two tables together as we have a large family. Then we decided to order a set meal £30 each and their was three adults so £90 in total. The kids had noodles between them. The set meal consisted of a cold hot and sour soup and a small portion of peking duck which was clearly a portion for one. Then the main that was supposed to be for 3 adults consisted of two mains and a side and rice. Which was no where near enough. When I asked what a set meal for 2 would of been I was told the same as three. So a waste of £30 in my eyes. Also still hungry. The kids food was OK but again portions was not good. Food taste was OK but on a whole I would never go back and strongly advise anyone to go. The pic is what the set menu for three consisted off.  
The security they use are racist - just looking for an excuse to eject black people. I saw a young man, who was a guest, refused entry last night under entirely false pretences - he was not causing trouble - the halfwits on the door just didn't like the look of him. Just the usual pond life that can't get a proper job getting off on a power trip. 
Now I've had a lot of fry ups on my time.. but this unfortunately has to e the worst! Upon arriving, it was empty.. however took 5 minutes to be seated. No greeting whatsoever and rushed to order. Food finally arrives, the highlight was the sourdough bread! Sausage was cold, bacon was flavourless.. no offering of sauces etc. The worst part was that half way through my meal, I encounter a black curly hair in my breakfast! We are both blonde, yet the waitress denied it was in there and refused to look. No apology, or thank you.. terrible food, terrible service.. if you want a good breakfast, Angies is the place to be! 
Disappointing experience. The menu looks good in paper but the execution is mediocre at best. The smoothie we ordered (Tropical Crush) was terrible; there's is no way there was any hint of fresh fruit in there. The poached eggs weren't poached, they were basically hard-boiled eggs without their shells. Avoid the fries too. Coffee was bad. And the service was really poor and it took way too long for the food to come. 
Don't waste your money here, Chiswick has much better cafe's that do better food, that are definitely cleaner with no hair included (free of charge) with your breakfast bap and decidedly better customer service. Just a disaster from start to finish, wrong orders, rudeness and lack of any type of customer skills. That's just to get a quick simple Sunday brunch. I can't imagine what dinner would be like. Whoever owns this place really needs to close down and start again after lots of training and expertise support! 
For a cafe run by an Egyptian, the Egyptian food was all wrong  
I have eaten here many times, and by and large this restaurant is quite good. But I Believe that the best judgement of any place is in how they act when they get things wrong. I was part of a group of 11 diners, and knowing that I am quite particular, i asked for my steak to be cooked medium, but to error on the side of rare. In other words to be cooked under rather than over. What I received was a well done, and litterally charred piece of meat. Shoe leather. I complained that I did not want this and they suggested bringing me another one. So while everyone was tucking into their food, I have to wait. I decided this would take too long and disrupt the party, so I told them that I no longer wanted the steak. She happily walked away.  
The service in this place was appalling. None of the waiting staff acknowledged our presence, and after almost 15 minutes waiting to be served, we decided to walk out. 
First time I went it took 75% of my lunch time to finally get my order. Which was a simple wrap. 2nd time in the same month I went for coffee. A caramel late. I advised I was taking it to go. There was no caramel to be tasted until I got to the end of the cup. No steering stick offered. Unadvertised extra pin charges, to which I was told it was my own responsibility to inquire before hand. Wasn't even asked if I wanted a receipt either. The waitress who took care of the billing was very rude. No thank you, enjoy the latte. Nothing. Last time I'll ever visit that place.  
Staff are not welcoming at all, we had to wait more than 15 minutes for two bagels. I ordered a New York Bagel (pastrami, mustard and pickle). Bagel came with a slice of roast beef.... not good. Avoid Hothouse, far much better places in walking distance. 
So we ordered pizza which arrived burnt and asked waiter for another.  
The vegetable rice was so salty it was inedible.The noodle were swamped in sesame oil. The sweet and sour chicken was below average. The Chicken with ginger was the best out of everything. The food literally came out in minutes which was worrying. The chairs were uncomfortable and the table wobbled. Normally I would have complained but as it was very late and my daughter was exhausted along with the allusive waitress it wasn't possible. Give it a miss! 
They have a sign outside advertising "full english breakfast for £3.75", I went inside to ask what it included and a hot drink was in between the items.  
1230pm we stopped at this restaurant for lunch. Sat down and waitress so unfriendly and rude.  
We sat outside which was very cramped with chairs back to back. Glasses weren’t served so warm wine was in a plastic jug with plastic cups. Glasses were served in the other restaurants. The burger was the worst I’ve had, see photo, and my daughter’s spicy chicken was bland. McDonald’s would have been better value and quality. Wrong food served and long wait for replacement. Had to chase for sauce. Service charge added automatically at 12.5% else we would not have tipped.  
You really want to avoid this place at all cost. The food was terrible. I wouldn't recommend it at all.  
Service was appalling Food came and was wrong and cold. Restaurant wasnt busy at all so no excuse really. 
We went here before going to a gig at Wembley Stadium, everywhere was very busy. After queuing for a while we were offered a seat. Waited an eternity for our drinks and my partners was wrong, sent it back and no replacement was forthcoming until we complained fifteen minutes later.  
Avoid! Chicken was old and no excuse when sending out both main courses. Even had to pay full amount  
It was the worst experience in Brazil style restaurant ever unfortunately. 
Pleased to get a seat on a busy day but that was the only positive. Waited over an hour for food that never arrived .... had to actively go and chase people to get some kind of service. Got the usual, it will be here in 5 minutes (3 times!) so left with no food. Not good and won't be going back again. 
We visited for drinks on a summer afternoon & found a table outside. After seeing a larger group struggling for space we offered to move. Ordered our drinks after asking if cocktails were 2 for £10 (as see advertised the day before) and told yes. One cocktail arrived, the other was different to what was ordered. Waited 20 minutes & had to chase up other cocktail. We had four different waitresses by the time we requested the bill. Another 15 minutes & the bill was wrong. All 3 cocktails charged for & the bill was £30+. Manager stated promo wasn’t on today (events day) so incorrect info given. After much discussion, and another 15 minutes, he reduced to £20+. We paid £15 and left. A very uncomfortable situation and very average cocktails. I wouldn’t recommend to anyone. Prime position but lacking in all other aspects. 
We wanted to be seated at a certain table that there was a socket for charge and i believe the manger she was as she wasn't wearing uniform she was wearing a blazer and blonde hair told us the table is dirty “just go and sit there “ she also was very rude when taking our orders as she made us feel stupid and unwelcome will never come back worst service .. 
I would recommend this restaurant a chicken burger with one small slice of chicken they sale for £14.50 
I went to make a take away as we hotel guests are entitled to some form of discount.  
We ordered 6 double Jameson’s they charged us £ 64.10 ,the price at the menu £ 3.8 for the glass they changed us 7.60 each drink and the manager said it’s double that’s why ! The food was ok but the service very slow ,the manager said if you’re not happy; don’t come any more it’s up to u !!!! NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL 
Booked a pre-concert meal here, as was close to the venue. Table booked for 5.30. Sat down at 5.45. at 7.15 we still hadn't eaten. Left without eating as we were going to miss the concert. Other people were complaining too.  
went just before Xmas with my co-workers for the early bird special, dinner for 8. The dinner includes 2 courses and wine for £17.50 per person. You have to order before 7pm for the deal. 
This is how bad their pizza have become. The filling is not complete. Mostly dough left to eat. Before it used to be great. Service not great and pizza neither. Why are the pizza not garnished fully.  
The table we were seated at was very sticky. When I asked if we could either change or have the table wiped again, the waitress looked at me as if I was making stuff up. When she returned with a small wet wipe which she gave to me, I asked if they don't have something proper to clean the table with. She snatched the wet wipe out of my hand and came back with spray and a cloth. 
Not as good as before. Greasy veal that was tasteless and the salmon in a champagne sauce was orange and disgusting. The owner seemed stressed and like he needed a rest. 
We had dinner last night at Casa Mia. A very old fashioned Italian restaurant in Hatch End. We have been there before, never thought that much of the food but convenient and local to where we live. Well, what can I say, food was absolutely awful, greasy, tasteless and so overpriced. My Salmon in Champagne sauce (as advertised on the menu) was a tiny piece of dry fish in a strange bright orange clump of so called sauce. The waiter did not seem to care when I complained. My sisters Veal escalope was equally awful, so greasy we could mop the grease with a cloth. Casa Mia, you May be busy now on a Saturday night but you won’t be soon if you keep serving and charging for this level of quality!  
Went here after the game on Sunday, only had a table of 5 but there was 6 of us so we squeezed on which was absolutely fine.  
Service was extremely slow despite it not being very busy, restaurant was freezing, was given the wrong item and when I politely explained this the waiter let out a long sigh took the plate and said 'I suppose I'll have to take it off the bill' house red was cold and bland. Had to wait ages and eventually ask for the bill 
I've tried cabana in 3 different locations, just to make sure...all bad. The last one in Wembley was the worst...I had my food served cold, rude members of staff...and a blond manager who decided she would rather dance behind the counters than to serve costumers. Never again.And please don't advertise Brazilian food if you have no idea what it is.Pinho....brazilian 
Ridiculous- 2 entrances but they don’t acknowledge those who enter via the stairs  
I went to Cabana today with my sister. The menu looked great, it was busy inside. We opted to try it out. Food to quite long to arrive. We ordered chicken croquets - we didn’t even eat more than a couple of mouthfuls, it was terrible. We ordered two different wraps for mains. It looked delicious on the plate, tasted absolutely hideous. The chicken tastes like it has been boiled and then has spices thrown on top resulting in a poorly masked unpalatable taste. I really regret not telling staff that neither my sis nor I enjoyed any part of our meal. Complete waste of money. 
Very disappointed. Tasteless food. I certainly would not go back to this restaurant. They managed to undercook and Burn food all at the same time 
We visited CAsa Mia today and I have to say the service was the worst I have experienced for a very long time. We arrived early for a table of 9 which was right by the door so very cold. We asked to move but staff said it wasn’t possible. As the meal went on more and more people arrived for tables and were basically surrounding our table as there was no where for them to go !it seemed like tables had been double booked . We then tried to order coffees and were basically told we couldn’t have coffees as we had to be out by 8pm. This had not been said when we made our reservation and was such a disappointment . I would definitely not return and have to say our birthday celebrations were completely ruined 
We arrived at Cabana and me and my friend were shown to a table fairly quickly, where we were essentially on sharing table (people were sat with us). The waiter took our order although a few items we tried to order were not available. The other people on our table ordered at the same time and within 15 minutes they received their food. After asking the staff twice where had our food got to, it took 35 minutes following to receive our food. And the food we ordered were only a few starters and sides so we were surprised it took so long, particularly as the people on our table had received their starters and mains!! 
Not an experience I wish to repeat! 
Despite giving name on arrival and being shown to table we were told extremely rudely after having ordered drinks we had not made a reservation and it was suggested we must have reserved the next door restaurant.  
Avoid this disaster of a restaurant. I rarely leave reviews but this experience warrants one! Disaster from start to finish - you could only pay by cash which we were told after we ordered and I had got my tea. we never got our water, my fiances breakfast arrived 15 mins after mine and I was finished eating, We waited 40 mins for his breakfast. Then we got the bill they were over charging us!!! When rectified we wree told we could get an up to date receipt. food itself was average, certainly not worth the wait. - do yourself a favour don't bother. 
The customer service was appalling!  
Tried Nando’s but it was a football game so as per usual the queue for Nando’s and other restaurants were enormous. Cabana didn’t have a queue and we waited a short while to be seated. Other people just bypassed us and sat down as it was quite disorganised. 
wembley Outlet cabana 4/11/18. The chicken tasted bland and old. The prawns were undercooked. And mo 
It's not a real Brazilian food. If you want a real Brazilian food go to another restaurant. Most of the dishes are quite spicy, which it does not a Brazilian style food, in general the spicy it's optional, apart of some specific dishes. The price is too high and the portions are too small. Staff is not good too. 
Oh dear. Decided to give this place a re-run having enjoyed a visit a year or two back. Very disappointing experience, while the starters were just about OK, the main pasta dishes for all of us were shockingly awful. My very strong suspicion was that the microwave was heavily involved. So many other nice restaurants now in this neck of the woods, Casa Mia will have to do much much better or patrons will quickly take their business elsewhere. 
Where do I start....! The starter was called Italian antipasto. But not once have I seen prawn cocktail or tuner in an Italian antipasto. I knew as soon as the starter came out I was in trouble for my main course. As I ordered linguine with seafood. Wow not the dish I was expecting when ordered. This is one of my favourite dishes in Italy and boy did they make a complete mess of it. My linguine was swamped in passata and the fish inside was defiantly not fresh. I pushed the sauce around and only ate the linguine as I was to scared to eat the fish. And to top that all off the waitress asked if I would like Parmesan cheese on my pasta. What? Cheese with fish....? I don't think so. My wife had pizza and honestly the frozen pizza from Iceland is better. I'm totally shocked that this restaurant thinks it's serving Italian food when clearly there not. I will definitely not be returning and will highly recommend anyone planning to visit to think again.  
Pre-booked table and pre-booked food selection. 
Me and my friend went here before the Boxing on Saturday. We had a burger and Nachos with 2 portions of chips. We also had 11 pints of Brahma between us over a few hours. The bill totalled over £100 and the waitress kept coming over asking us if we could leave as they had a couple that wanted food, out table was a small 2 person table. We were continually spending money + this place adds on 10% service charge regardless. Really wasn't impressed at all. 
Too busy, not enough staff, food was cold, starters & mains couldnt come together so we couldnt eat all our food at the same time, drinks came after we finished our meal, staff were rude, added extra to our bill that we didnt order and got deffensive when we questioned our bill. Also wifi didnt even work. Fully appreciate that staff were under a lot of pressure as there was an event on at wembley but it is still no excuse to be rude to customers.  
We visited this restaurant as a family of 4 and I have to say we left EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!! We regularly visit other restaurants in the local area such as Fellinis, Latakia, Izgara just to mention a few & I have to say this restaurant is by far the worst.  
Absolutely no eye contact, ignored even though there was only two tables occupied. As a frequent cabana customer we were extremely disappointed to receive this kind of service for our friends birthday! Will think twice before visiting again 
Never again, great shame appetizing menu nice decor and staff. Ordered two mains one was butterflyed chichen breast, it arrived as chichen thigh, cold still chilled. I called over staff member who before I spoke said you ordered breast we made a mistake, I pointed out not only a mistake the food is cold. It was swapped for breast that was tasteless, we took it home and turned it into a stir fry. First restaurant ever that I asked for the service charge to be taken of. 
we informed our server that we had tickets for a show at the SSE Arena at 19.30 and was assured that this was fine, after 20mins they finally gave us menus, after another 15mins we flagged down a harrassed server and managed to plave our order, 20mins later we reminded a passing server of our order, 10 mins later my husband's order arrived - no sign of mine, after he had finished his meal I managed to flag another srver and asked where my dinner was, 5mins later it appeared, congealing from heat lamps, I refused it due to appearance and the fact that there was no longer time to eat anytrhing if it it had been appealling. it disappeared then reappeared and I was quizzically asked if I still wanted it! I requested a manager and no-one could locate one, finally found one who wailed that everyone was blaming hiom for the chaos, by thjis time 4 other tables were demanding their bills be cancelled and/or just walking out diue to non-appearance of food. Initially I was presented wityh a full bill and when I said I had booked via Meerkat he said he know nothing about that - I showed him on his booking system the booking request highlighting Meerkat, grudgingly he reduced the bill by £7.00, I then told him I would pay for the drinks only and with great huffs and puffs he consented. For the record my husband's dinner was bland, lukewarm and insipid 
If you are Brazilian this is a joke!?! Hmm where do I start?? 
Went on a busy Tuesday night.  
went when it was not busy with family. The waiter who calls himself the manager did not take our order correctly hence we got incorrect food which was poor quality. He was not understanding when we complained and even when I complained he asked are you not paying the service charge. They are not interested in customer service, bad service, bad attitude 
The management seem to be stuck between deciding whether this is a restaurant or a bar. As a bar it is absolutely awful, dimly lit, aggressive and overworked staff with no clear direction from their managers.  
Came in to a promising start. The restaurant was well decorated with a fun atmosphere and with an inviting food and drinks menu. Drinks came fairly quickly however the restaurant was empty at this point. No complaints about the drinks themselves. Starters shortly followed, they however were average. The calamari was rubbery and lacked flavour aside from the sauce that accompanied it. Our empty plates then sat in front of us for the next twenty minutes whilst the restaurant filled up, while our server (who turned out to be the manager) was more interested in talking to her co workers on the table beside us who were having some drinks. Once the wait for mains became too much, we asked a waiter if he could check for our food which he said he would. Watching him, he did not once check with the kitchen and never got back to us. We tried the same approach with the manager who was talking to her friends and received the same result. Only once we asked a third waitress did she actually check on our food for us and discovered that our meals had been forgotten. After an hour and a half of waiting did our food turn up which consisted of a chicken burger that was a mess of dried up pieces of chicken, a dried up coleslaw and unseasoned chips. Only upon threatening to walk out entirely did we receive a 20% discount and our mains for free. One of the worst yet most hilarious dining experiences I have ever had, purely because of how comically bad it was!  
Food great but that is about all that was good about this place. I was worried from the off when the waitress was not even writing our order and just going by memory (we had a big order). Firstly we had to wait 30 mins for our drinks and the mains came up before the drinks, we waited another 20 minutes after mains thinking our desserts would be brought up (considering we asked for these when we ordered mains) I then got up and asked them about the desserts they told us 'Oh sorry we forgot' 10 mins later dessert arrived and dont even get me started on the the 2 4 1 cocktails offer if you are mad enough to go here make sure u get 2 cocktails at the same time - coz this seems to confuse them as well...... i could go on but in a nut shell waiter/waitress service was -1 out of 10 so annoyed by the end. 
Myself and 3 friends went there for an early dinner and were greeted by a waiter. We were sat immediately. There was one other person in the restaurant, with every other table empty. We went to sit at a round table and were told that was a table for six. So we moved to a table for 4 and proceeded to wait for 20 minutes for the waiter to come back. We went to order drinks and were told that he couldn't make drinks that he was the only waiter on duty. Now I get serving 2 tables, 5 people is a lot of work. But with a full bar sitting there it didn't make sense. The food was good to okay, nothing special. I would never eat there again! 
I wrote a very good review about this restaurant a year ago. My family always visited London for the summer every year and every time we were in London, we would always visit this restaurant. This year however, we noticed a big decline in service in this restaurant and today’s incident sealed our decision to never come back to this restaurant again.  
We booked Casa Mia to go with friends, from beginning to end it was a disaster. Flies in the food, rude staff and under cooked slop. We then decided to leave and go somewhere else to finish the meal and they did nothing to try and sort the problem out. Not a good experience at all! 
I had an evening meal with my husband on a Saturday night. The tables are very close to each other, so there is not way you can have a private conversation. The service was quick enough. I ordered a calzone with mushrooms. Well, it was the worst calzone I have ever had. It did not taste good and there was not enough filling in it. My husband had pasta carbonara, and he got food poison from it. I will never go back to this restaurant again. 
Visited after several years. I have not had such a bad meal. Ordered quarter of a duck with pancakes. The duck was dry tasteless. The plum sauce was like jam. Followed by singapore noodles again no spice added just on the side. Very disappointing. The prices are good but when the food is not it is a waste. The ingredients felt like cheap. The sake I ordered was first cold second time boiling. Staff all very unfriendly. 
As a venue right out Wembley Stadium, you expect this restaurant to be well rehearsed in getting people in, fed and back out on event days & nights... wrong! 
My husband booked this restaurant for Valentine's Day. When we arrived the place was full. The tables were so close together (not even a foot between tables) and it felt claustrophobic. Definitely not a good atmosphere for a Valentine's meal. Our table was right in the middle of the restaurant with just a small aisle for people to walk by. We even had to move our table to let a family through with a pram! The waitresses kept knocking into my chair every time they walked past as there was so little space. When we ordered, my husband asked the waitress for the same dish for both of us, and reiterated that we wanted two of the same dish. Only one dish was brought out and the waitress asked why my husband hadn't ordered anything! My food had to be taken back so that my husband and I could eat together ... after all, we did go in as a couple!! It would help if the waitresses could understand basic English when working in a restaurant dealing with English customers. The food itself was good, it came hot and quite a lot on the plate. For Valentine's Day it lacked atmosphere with the tables on top of each other, no roses on our table or given as a gift. Will not be returning. Went to restaurant next door last year and will be going there next year. 
I was staying at the Millennium Gloucester hotel and this is where I saw the advert for the restaurant. I went at around 6:30pm on a Tuesday evening so the restaurant was quiet - maybe 6 people in there. On entry the waiter pointed me to a table from the other side of the room. After around 5 mins I was given a menu. The waiter then carried on sorting out a bill, standing by the bar, wandering off. After 10 mins a group of 4 students came in and immediately took the table next to me which was uncomfortably close in a restaurant that was basically empty.  
Went here for a drink with my family as the movie didn't start for half an hour. Few things made this a nightmare: 
On 29.11.15 we went to this place for lunch. we ordered 2 cokes, which were warm and totally fizzless! I asked the miserable waitress to change them, which she begrudgingly did! Came back with 2 further cokes which were the same! Starters were edible! Mains were disgusting.i ordered a meat lasagne which has so much floating oil on the top that i had to transfer it from dish it came in to a plate which made no difference! Another meal we ordered was spaghetti bolognese which had a long hair in it!! This put me off my food completely. A 3rd meal we ordered was steak, rare and it came over done!! We completely left all food on plate! When the miserable waitress came to clear the plates, she didnt even ask us was everything ok! So we said to her was dhe the manager, she said dhe was in charge!!! Lol!! I asked if she wasn't going to ask us what was wrong with our food! We pulled out the hair and showed her! We showed her the over done steak and also the oil on the lasagna!! She couldnt give a toss ( to be polite). That evening we all felt sick and the day after. We left our number with the waitress for the manager to call us........well 24h later we r still waiting!! We will never go there again 
Been here few years ago, foods & service were good so decided to stop by for a quick lunch as we were staying at Holiday inn Kensington forum for the weekend. Chosen– Fried Ho Fun with seafoods & Veg spring rolls, Roast duck with rice & Chillies Mussels from the special lunch menu. Both starters were okay, but the main course was such a disappointment, tasteless & lack of seasoning. The duck meats were so dry & hard to crew. Not roasted but deep fried that top with some soya sauce. And the waiter, not one but all of them so miserable like someone die, when you ask for something it feel like they doing you a big favour. When we paid the bill, the waiter didn't even bother to say thank you or acknowledge us. so we don't bother to leave any tip & definitely never come back again. 
The decor when we arrived was very dated and didn't look at all welcoming. We ate here however, as we saw a few tables of Asian people eating so we guessed it can't be bad (Asian restaurant).  
Really looking forward to a bit of street food. The chicken dish we both ordered was £16 with fries and coleslaw. Ok fries and coleslaw, but the chicken dish was abysmal - it was the cheapest nastiest bit of thigh, three pieces only (stingy) boneless but with all the wobbly skin fat and icky bits i don't like, apparently cooked fresh, which was odd since the chicken, whilst cooked through with no pinkness, was nevertheless cold inside and hot on the outside. Reheated crap and vastly overpriced. Would not ever return even with a gun to my head. 
have been to this restaurant on several occasions however the last visit was a TOTAL disaster. 
We have gone to cabana several times, namely in central london and in Westfield Shopping centre and loved the food and the ambience. So yesterday we decided to try the wembley branch. However, literally 2 minutes after we were shown our table, the hostess was extremely rude when I tried to ask a question. Normally, I would have kept quiet and seeing as she was pregnant would have been very patient. But I wad not even able to utter one work when she rudely said that she was going to deal with another person first in an unpleasant tone. So to avoid any further bad service, we decided to just find another restaurant in the area as there were quite a few good ones.  
It 6:20pm only one staff working in the restaurant . About 4 table customers still waiting to take their order. Food is okay but very slow service. 
It was terrible. Staff service was horrible and food was either partly cold or incorrect. The restaurant was not busy when we arrived and so the service should if naturally been better  
This is my first review but my experience at this place has forced me to come on tripadvisor.Dined here today after having read the positive reviews however was bitterly disappointed. Went for the lunch buffet which was sub-standard (which is putting is lightly). There was a total of c.8-10 dishes which lacked flavour most of which were not replenished despite multiple complaints from several customers (with nearly 2 hours of the buffet run time left). The Manager (Paul) on duty was rude and obnoxious and when provided with feedback had the audacity to shout if "you're not happy don;t pay and don't bother coming back!" In short unless you like to waste time, take your £10 pounds and spend it at a Wasabi or a Chopstix- you are guaranteed better food and better service. 
Everybody should read and consider this review before wasting your money. 
Ioana was very rude to us, it seems like she doesn’t understand basic customer service. Prawns were over cooked, food 6/10 and overpriced. I wouldn’t go there again mainly because of the customer service. It doesn’t hurt to be polite. 
We have been to Casa Mia loads of times and have always really enjoyed it. This time though the chicken was dry and tasteless. Yet when we drew this to the attention of the manager, we were made to feel that we were in the wrong. It is just not good enough, we expected an apology and the offer of another meal, instead we were greeted with a furious manager who could barely contain his anger towards us. 
Staff were sullen and unfriendly. They didn't appear to understand English particularly well or even know that they offered Prosecco on the wine list. When we complained that we had been waiting bemore than an hour for our main course there was no excuse offered or even an apology. The waitress serving came close to elbowing my friend in the face as she leaned over her to serve the vegetables. 
We booked for a table for 6, including 2 children aged 3. The waiters were so child unfriendly, tutting and telling them in a stern voice ' be careful.. Move back'. Think it would have killed the waitresses to smile. If you have children, this is not the place for you. Felt like pointing it out to them but dare not as didn't want to risk 'soiled' food. 
Took two Mums, children and grandchildren for Sunday lunch on Mothers Day. The first thing I noticed were that the bread baskets were full of cut loaf bread cut again into quarters. There were no rolls as "Tesco didn't have any". Not a great start. The minestrone soup was watery and placed infront of my mother with such force some ended up in her lap. The mains were ok but overpriced for such basic food- I kept thinking I could have made a better meal at home. The coffee arrived at our table before dessert and the cheescake was completely frozen, inedible and was returned - no reduction was given on the bill. 
We stayed with our friends at the Hotel near by. This restaurant was recommended by reception. We have booked the table for half past nine. The staff told us that is ok but the kitchen would be closed at half past ten. We said No problem we only wish a quick dinner after a long nice day. 
Staff did not seem to care, clumsy service 
Had to wait 1hr and a half for food and they got the order wrong and still got annoyed when we told them the order was wrong  
As a group of ten we ordered our food and eight main courses arrived. Two of the group who ordered the curry waited for theirs to arrive. After around fifteen minutes we asked the waitress when the curry would arrive. Off she went and came back to say they had run out of rice! 
Saw a link on LDO website which said they had an offer of 2-4-1 cocktails every day from 5-7pm so we decided to visit here after a day’s shopping for a drink and dinner. The place was very quiet. We went to the bar and asked which cocktails were included in the offer to be told it wasn’t available on an event day. We explained there was an advert on the LDO website which said “every day” but we were very bluntly told they can’t do it. No apology. No proper explanation. Very abrupt. So we just left. Customer service leaves a lot to be desired. It can’t hurt to be polite to potential customers.  
I'm a Singaporean and it tastes nothing like Singapore food. 
Me and my wife was on a scouting mission for a restaurant for an event. We find the Manager "Kevin" a very rude guy and looks berating us. We got upset because we placed an order around 5 mins earlier than the people beside us who just came and order but still they served first considering we have exactly the same starter.. Here comes the manager when I complained and he replied " Oh so you want to eat before them?" Never to recommend this restaurant.. By the way, I am Asian the food was SO BAD!!! 
A group of five of us went there on 8th May 2016 we had book. it was 15 minutes before someone came to take our drinks order, then another 30 minutes before our food order was taken. The food arrived after another 45 minutes, which to be fair was fine, we then placed another drinks order which never arrived. The only time we had a prompt response was when we asked for the bill. If they can't cope they should get more staff instead of cutting corners. 
The burger quality was then than a 2am post club burger van and they charge you an extra £3 to have chips with an already over priced £13 burger ! Poor service just wanted to rush you through will never re visit.  
If you want value for money or quality - go elsewhere. I was particularly hungry so ordered the burger - it was the size of a MacDonald's 99p burger but I paid £10.95. 
Drinks were very limited and was told it wasn't possible to have a mojito made, in spite of the guy being stood in front of a full bar.  
Stopped in here to grab some dinner. Disaster. Staff could barely understand enough English to take the order. Starter and main came together and at such speed there was no way it was cooked for us. Freezing cold as though it had been sitting on the side from an order before. Some items never arrived. Couldn't get the attention of any staff until they came and dumped the bill on our table as we were getting ready to leave. Billed for items we never received and a 10% service charge had been added. When we asked the manager to remove the service charge our server miraculously arrived at our table to ask why we didn't want to tip. We Paid for food but wished we hadn't. Ruined what had otherwise been a great day out. 
Visited for a quick bite to eat before seeing a concert . Previously booked but was given a table for two right by the door . We asked the sloppy waitress to sit somewhere else , she found this difficult so had to be assisted by her manager , they were lots of tables . My super food salad , with chicken skewers had two pieces of avocado in it , I told the first waitress that I couldn’t find much avocado and she didn’t offer anything or ask if I needed anything, she just smiled and walk away . The chicken skewers are cheap cuts of chicken thighs ... shocking for £16 ! Sloppy service over all, mainly due to the fact that most customers are flying through I expect .  
Arrived at 7:25 and came through one door, when asked to be seated told we had to que outside in the cold by another door for more than hour. 
We live 5min from this place and it’s been our ‘go to local pub’ but last few times have been disappointing and this evening was unfortunately the last time we will ever try and eat here again.  
Very disappointing meal! I ordered Falafel bowl, red pepper & smoked paprika hummus, fattoush salad, hazelnut dhukkah, pomegranate. This meals was completely awful!  
i would advise you to be careful with this restaurant. Be prepared for sauce covered dishes and dishes laced with tons of salt. The chef very obviously has no training whatsoever in healthy eating. We had to send a dish back to the kitchen because it was simply unpalatable as the food was drenched in sauce. I would recommend eating elsewhere for the high prices they charge. A tiny bowl of rice costs a fortune in this restaurant! be warned. Although it has nice furnishings, this restaurant has been let down by a very poor cook. A very expensive experience that is not worth your money. 
Terrible service from the guy on shift- luckily he left before our visit was over. Refused to amend an order from 'fries to rice', don't think that's too much of an ask? Did not crack a smile during the whole time and was very rude!  
Food awful!! Felt rushed as soon as we sat down. Services was very poor and then there was gratuity added to the bill. Rude and very unhelpful  
I visited this pub on the day of the England v Croatia game and was the first person there arriving around 3pm. At the end of the night I paid my tab and was told by the girl who’d served me many times that one of my friends had not paid their tab and would I pick it up for him (she said he had dark hair and a black shirt which could only have been one of my mates) - stupidly, having had a few drinks I agreed and put a further circa£40 on my card.. 
Went for a day out at the outlet and after much pondering decided to give Cabana a try...bad bad decision..food took less than 5 minutes to come out..and it showed..reheated chewy chicken skewers, cold flatbread...the gluten friendly option was not to have the bread(WTF??) for the same price of course...feijoada tasted like a 3 day old salty reheated stew...nothing to do with what feijoada is about...stay away from it...we left hungry, angry and feeling ripped off! 
I visited this restaurant with some friends and I can honestly say the worst service I have ever received. The waiter was very rude and needs sacking... also the food was horrible. 
Arrived on a Thursday evening before seeing a show at the arena. Firstly the restaurant wasn't exactly busy, but to busy for the three staff on shift. We orders drinks, a starter and mains after having to get the staffs attention to be served. The drinks took ages to arrive and we had to fetch our own water glasses. The main meal turned up and they forgot the starter. The food is mediocre, if you're used to eating fast food it may be an OK meal, but overpriced for what it is. My food arrived without the chicken on, and the waiter said the chicken is on the way as they bring it separately on a skewer, or at least they're suppose to! I sat waiting for the rest of my dinner to arrive and eventually had to alert the staff to the missing chicken. The staff were very apologetic and I realise it isn't their fault they're short stafffed, however they are working their and it's still their job. Unfortunately we have found this happens often at most of these restaurants around the major venues in London, poor service and food!! My advice, eat at the train station or somewhere else in London before the shows! The owners of this restaurant should try working their themself to see how it should be run. 
We visited The Bollo House on New Years Eve 2018. The place was recommended by a friend who visited this place recently on a live band night out. It’s an ordinary Gastro pub you came across on any High Street. 
When this restaurant first opened up we were more than delighted and pleased with the food it offered , breakfasts are still great ,,,, BUT the last few times we have ordered a pizza delivery it has been terrible . We try to support local businesses as much as possible so didn’t want to write a bad review but after last nights poor excuse for a pizza I felt I had to , cold , tasteless covered in cheap looking cheese it was a great disappointment. I have to say a pizza from a well known frozen high street shop far surpasses what was delivered to our door last night . Will not be ordering again 
Went with a group of work colleagues to celebrate department promotions, food took a fair while to come even though it was basically empty. Burgers were dry, asked for gravy and response was 'I'll have to see it takes a while' - no niceties and seemed like a chore, was then charged £1 for a tiny jug - ridiculous.  
I have ordered 2 pizzas...I am Italian and to be onest these one is the worst pizza that I ever had...pizza's base is no fresh, infact pizzas have arrived too cold ( I live near the resturant). The tomato's pieces that they have put in my pizza were good Just for salad and in my girlfriend's pizza the parm ham was cut too tich and mozzarella quality was like cheddar....28 pounds for the worst pizza that I ever had. Sorry but I don't recommand this resturant. 
Food was delicious, couldn't fault it at all. The service however was incredibly poor, really slow and unwelcoming despite having plenty of staff on and not many customers. Have visited the Cabana at another location in central London and it was the total opposite, so I guess it depends on the staff.  
We would love to tell you about the food, but unfortunately after 1 hour 45 minutes waiting we never got to taste any, and had to leave so as not to miss the concert. It is evident this company is just not capable of dealing with any volume of customers when events are taking place, this given the location is a farce. Staff were not organised at all and did not know whose food was whose. 
I went to Rubio last week. I spend almost 5 minutes standing next to door no one said hi/hello/whatever. Finally waitress ask me if I’m ok?? I ask if I can seat anywhere. After 10 minutes waiting for my menu the same waitress ask me if I’m ready to order....I’ll be if I will get any menu. I ordered drink and breakfast I get my food after few minutes “brilliant” but my drink came with a bill....Btw eggs was cold. Last time in Rubio. 
Staff are not aware about the menu items. 
I don't normally post bad reviews but went yesterday with some friends and I have to say will never return again. My friends and I having been long time fans of Cabana. However, gradually the care and service levels have plumetted as the business has morphed into a faceless chain. 
As soon as the food arrived within 3 minutes of ordering we realised that this would not be the freshest meal and it certainly wasn't.  
What a shambles!  
Me and three friends visited Cabana last Saturday and our meal was a total let down. We ordered 6 tapas dishes to share, some of which included Guacamole, supposedly 'fresh' Parmesan with honey, grilled halloumi skewers and chicken wings. The guacamole was completely tasteless. It literally tasted like the chef had just mushed up some avocado and put it in a bowl. The halloumi looked/tasted like rubber and clearly hadn't been grilled for very long as it was pure white. The Parmesan dish looked like something from a kids party. We were provided with crumbly chunks of Parmesan alongside some honey which had definitely come out of a squeezy bottle and some tooth picks. There was barely any meat on the chicken wings, it was predominantly fat, and the sauce was really oily. We spoke to the manager about the dishes and he told us that 'they make the guacamole fairly plain so people can make it how they like it with the condiments provided on the table (salt, pepper, chilli sauce and olive oil). He agreed to take 2 dishes off our bill, but quite frankly we shouldn't have had to pay for anything except our three diet cokes. 
Initial visit was abysmal: tough meat, flavorless food, poor service and total lack of ambiance. It was so bad, we received vouchers for cocktails on our next visit. 3 years later, we went back, only to receive the same rude, combative attitude. Never again. 
Lived round the corner for 4 years and been there only about 10 times.  
As part of a party of over 50 people paying £22 a head we expected more than the school dinner quality buffet 
Dissapointed,overpriced and very pushy waitress (Audrey) 
We thought we'd give this place a try after one of the waiter's sold the vegetarian options to us! We knew going in, we would have limited options which was absolutely fine with us but the actual food was disappointing and tasteless. We had the halloumi burritos which were bland and by the last bite I had to leave it unfinished, and the bean sauce that came with it was not worth having on the plate either. The only nice dish we had was the halloumi starter with a sweet dip! By the end it felt like a waste of money to be honest! I wouldn't go back here!  
My wife and I visited this bar by accident having taking a wrong turn, intending to visit Lost Rivers! One soapy tasteless draught beer on offer and very annoying service. Once we had purchased our 'bath water' we found a seat where others were sitting in an area of about 30% occupancy. 2 minutes later were rudely informed that we were not welcome to sit here as we were not ordering food. There was no reason why we could not stay there, the place was very quite. We were shown to an empty area by the toilets with no vibe or atmosphere and were expected to sit here on our own. Couldn't get out of the place fast enough. DREADFUL STEER AWAY. 
We visited for Sunday lunch because The Duke of Sussex was full, and were surprised on walking in that only a couple of tables were taken. Now we are not at all surprised. The server was rude not only to us but a couple next to us - so much so that I will never go back. They also herald themselves s a child friendly location yet have an open fire with no guard or even a hearth, it's a real hazard and can't believe it meets any sort of regulations. 
Me my girlfriend and her family visited here before the ELO concert at Wembley. At first we were greeted very well by helpful staff... it quickly descended. The mains arrived before the starters, we sent them back. When the starters came we were made to rush them as the mains were ready to come out. We refused to. So when we had finished our starters a good 15 mins later, we were immediately served with the initial mains that had clearly been sat the whole time we were eating. Everything was lukewarm at a push. Three of us had finished our mains and were immediately pounced upon to have our plates removed, with a fourth person still eating. 
Sadly the pub has slipped into a sad old pub. It was a great food pub once upon a time but now the toilets are vile and very over priced. We were unable to get a seat at the duke nearby and so thought we would come to the bollo. Sadly it was pretty empty and will stay for one drink and move on and wait until someone decides to drive this pub forward. 
Walking in there it didn't look so bad. However after waiting for a long time for our order be taken we also did not recive our drinks on time(they arrived after the food) and they did not come at the same time. The food is greasy and feels re-heated. The waitresses seemed to have s tough time understanding us despite perfect english. We left after starters.  
We sit outside for some drinks and the Manager was very rude with us , she said that it's not allowed to smoke outside because some people it's eating, It's not the first time that we go there for some drinks, they never tell us that it's not allowed to smoke outside until today!  
Well over priced for the food and service! Would not go back even if it was free! Was empty but all the staff was just talking had to shout them across the room to get some kind of service!  
I have order Rubio pizza where is written „Grilled sirloin steak” at first the meat was not sirloin at second the meat didnt even touch the grill... The meat was disgusting. 
I'm surprised there are so many good reviews for this place, as this was definitely the worst roast I've ever had - so bad that I had to send it back (and I can count on one hand the number of meals I've sent back in my life.)  
Got in , a business meeting . Got drinks and then after 10 mins we where told we have to order food otherwise we have to be moved to the Bar area in a rude way , bar is isolated somewhere in the back . Was not busy so i don’t understand this request . On top of this the waitress kept looking at us to leave quicker because we only had drinks and not food , ridiculous . Will never go back . 
Terrible ...cold food. Not tasty at all...terrible customer service. Overpriced as well. If you willing to have a great time,don't go. 
Our 12 year old son and his 5 friends went to Casa Mia last night.  
It’s always a bit hit and miss at the Bollo although it has improved over time, apparently. However, this was one of the worst meals I have ever ordered anywhere.. The dish if the day was sea trout which was pretty good by all accounts. The chicken satay was appalling. The rice was cold I mean fridge cold. This in itself is a food hazard. Not heated at all. And the chicken really tough and lukewarm. It’s hardly as if the place was busy. 
Food was OK but the service was absolutely terrible. Waitress was actually arguing with us about how long we'd been waiting for our food and then produced a receipt to prove what time she'd put the order through. They then added extra money to our bill and told us it was because we were sitting at a 'Charity Table.' Truly unbelievable considering the competition in the area. 
Duck breast with rosti - what can go wrong? 
Two of us went, one had steak that was not edible it was very tuff, the other meal was a chicken skewer, the chicken was good but on the skewer was more pineapple than chicken. When we questioned this we got told they have set food and quantities and cannot do anything about it, very disappointing 
I work In an office 5 minutes from the Bollo and wanted to really champion the place.. however the first time we went I had fish and chips with Chilli sauce? the worst flavour and the worst chips I have ever eaten. Even though we barley touched the food nothing was said and we paid the full price? so the 2nd time we went we had a pasta dish that was not cooked properly covered in pistachio biscuits.. it was awful, again we never ate much and I did complain.. the waitress said " yes people have said its a strange flavour" she took some money off the bill.,. which is over priced and a dreadful menu.. who is the chef.. or rather cook? Never go there again.. 
We waited 30 minutes for the drinks, 1 hour for just a hummus with bread and 1 hour and a half for our dinner, and we finally left without eating. Terrible service, will never come back.  
The wrong order came, the pizza was all mushed up wet and smelly. Horrible. Honestly was so hungry now I’m just disappointed. 
Me and the misses had a meal here, I had the burger meal and she had a steak and ale pie mashed potatoes, half of the meat in the pie was gristle mash potato microwave to a crisp, paid restaurant prices for pub grub I've had better meals in workman's cafe. 
Food was okay, but restauarant have so many delivery drivers and takeaway customers waiting inside the restauarant it’s super busy and chaotic, they have no system for takeway . My handbag was stolen off the back of my chair. Restaurant conveniently said the cctv wasn’t working. All fraudulent transactions that took place after that we’re spent on masses of alcohol 
Pizza was stone cold and the salad looked like it had been scraped off someone's plate in the restaurant! What's more the delivery driver was rude. Never again. 
Ordered via deliveroo, last couple of times really bad pizza. Really really bad, it was like a soup of tomatoes, bad Mozarella. won't recommend this place. 
We were looking forward to visiting the Flintgate, having seen great reviews and heard good things from friends following the refit. We booked in advance and initial impressions were good - lively, vibrant atmosphere, friendly staff. Our starter was good - the tacos - and then, we waited. And waited. And waited. It took about 30 mins for our drinks to be made available, more than an hour for our mains to arrive. Both meals (steak, burger) were notably overcooked and served with greasy, lukewarm fries. We were informed by the waitress that a large table had impacted the kitchen’s output, though we also saw smaller tables arrive after us and be served sooner. It just felt poorly managed and was a really disappointing experience.  
We have visted the bollo on so many occasions and have not once felt as uncomfortable as we did tonight. There was a lack of atmosphere very unfriendly staff, who were too in your face and still we had to wait fifteen minutes for a drink. Why change something that was not broken. Doesn't seem like a pub anymore, change it back before you lose your regulars.  
Massively over rated. Very average food and extremely long delay being served (1 1/2 hours for main to arrive). 
We visited as a family for lunch on 30 December. Our table was in a room outside the general bar area. There was absolutely no heating and we complained stating that it was warmer outside than inside. We were offered no form of heat. When our food arrived it also was cold and uninviting. 
This was appalling - food over cooked, coffee was not really coffee full of chavs My God! Chicken was burnt onion stewed chapati dough like what more do you want know! 
we booked a table for 4, when we arrived they said we would have to wait for approximately 30 minutes, I explained that we had booked but they couldn't care less. They need to remember they are not the only Indian restaurant in Enfield!! 
Me and my partner went here a month ago we both suffered from food poisoning immediately the next morning after the Friday evening we visited. The food tasted OK at the time but chicken in the korma was very dry so could tell it had been reheated a few times. I would not go back as I enjoy good quality Indian food and I'm afraid this place doesn't provide that! 
This used to be such a great pub a few years ago, now its VERY disappointing. We were here on a saturday night and it was very quiet. The food, at best, was mediocre, and the staff were down right rude. 
I has some almost raw Tandoor chicken here. They tried to say that it was the spices that made it pink. But it smealt really bad. 
I ordered a meal from Enfield Tandoori and though it came very quickly, i wished it never came! I ended up eating plain rice for the rest of the night as it was much better than the food I got! It was like they mixed up salt and sugar! My curry sauce was so sweet and disgusting. I have an egg allergy and asked if it had eggs in it and they said no and as soon as i ate it I had an allergic reaction then rang up and then said they put egg! How ridiculous. Don't even talk about the price! £40 for a pile pf slop. If your ready to be sick then this is the place for you! HONESTLY- AVOID AVOID! THIS PLACE IS HELL ON EARTH 
Do not eat at this pub if you enjoy freshly prepared food at value for money prices and responsive table service. It is a pub selling food, and not a pub with a restaurant worthy of the name. Service to take our order, present the food and bring the extortionate bill was at slow to stop speed. The main courses were of poor quality and at prices higher than a good restaurant, over £30 per head for just a pub grub menu main course and a glass of wine. The coffee menu offered the expected options and suggested a fresh coffee bean brew - it was instant coffee. Avoid this pub at all costs - you will end up paying through the nose for very little.  
I was very disappointed after visiting Sacro Cuore. 
I went here in June 2017 while on vacation in London and regret ever doing so. When I went in I ordered a Boscaiola Pizza for takeaway. I was told it would only be 5 minutes which had me worried and rightfully so.  
6 of us booked a table for a Friday evening get together, we arrived at 7.45 bought a drink and made ourselves known to the waitress who looked surprised to see us, we could see their was an issue. After a short while we were told they had lost our booking but could accommodate us in the bar, not ideal but we accepted this. We finally received menus and after quite a wait our order was taken, unfortunately one of the specials had already run out, so another was chosen which had also run out, oh well this happens. 
Close to the thames London Heathrow and the doorstep of the palace. This is embarrassingly bad! Noone can be bothered we had one drink and left. What a waste of a beautiful historic inn don't you want to make money?its literally a stones throw from the palace you have a captive audience as the only pub there a well heeled clientelle one of the top chefs would do well to buy this place especially with the garden show. Must have a word with James martin . Whoever owns this place needs their bumps feeling! 
Having read the reviews on this site and from previous (although not recent) experience, we decided to book our Christmas day meal at the Kings Arms. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. The staff were friendly but a shame that the ambience of the dining areas was not very becoming for the festive season. The food took a very long time to be presented (1 hr 15 mins for the hors d'oeuvres), three scallops with small pieces of warm crackling (more like pork scratchings) in a runny, sweet sauce, alongside some sad looking rocket leaves. The main courses arrived about 45 minutes later and at first we couldn't see the vegetables as they were under the turkey (one and a bit slices). Roast potatoes and carrots were in a sorry state and were tough, rubbery and shrivelled, parsnips were undercooked, there were no seasonal trimmings like sprouts or peas and each plate only had one stuffing ball and one small (cocktail sausage sized) 'pig in blanket'. Dessert was no better with an undercooked apple strudel, with pastry that hadn't been cooked. By the time we finished our meal, the restaurant area was very cold and unwelcoming. 
We been 4 a was,we order only 3 meals..chicken wings, we receive a chicken strips dep fried with fish flavour!anyway we asked for wings which one coming after 10 min, my friend ordered Half chicken roast, and he had in plate quarter from the chicken..small portion uncooked green beans!and "slow cooked carrots" not roasted one.. 
what a joke this place is, a dirty sticky table the wrong drink served . i ordered a ploughmans platter as a main course, what i got was 4 batons of cheese wraped in ham. 4 batons of celery wrapped in ham ,3 small pickled onions,tiny pot of chutney, lettuce bread and butter at 13pounds 50p what a rip off. the batter on the deep fried fish terrible the fish tastless, we complained but got no satisfaction. i suppose they have a captive audience where they are and dont really care and serve what they like. we certainly wont be back 
Rubbish service even when only 3 tables in restaurant - staff too busy chatting to each other behind bar. One free pint of beer does not make up for inconvenience of waiting 45mins for a bowl of ice cream that never turns up! Next time I'll definitely steer clear and go to the Italian over the road, Mute Swan or Bridge Road restaurants. 
Now I may not be able to give good judgment as I ordered delivery but I do only live a 5min motorbike drive away so to still should not have been the way it was. I opened the box and it had foamy pink liquid swirling around the top of the pizza. I think they used a tomato sauce of freshly blended tomatoes of some sort because I have no idea why else it would have been foamy. Now I get thin pizzas will always be a bit soggy near the middle, but the was literally a soaking wet pizza throughout, it was worse than I imagined. The toppings all slid off because of how wet it was. The flavour was okay but I didn't care much for it once it was a sloppy mush. Never going to order pizza from here again. Not even of a decent size for the price of £11. 
I booked a table for my family to celebrate my wife's birthday as we had last year but it was a totally different experience this time - staff were unaware of the booking, offhand and it took an age to get served. We waited so long for our pizzas we decided it just wasn't worth the wait for a dessert.  
This was my first visit to The Bollo since it was refurbished, and I have to ask other than a lick of paint, what exactly did they do? Everything looks the same pretty much, but unfortunately now the staff are a bit unfriendly and the food and drinks overpriced. I mean, £3.20 for a pint of diet coke? It's not a pint of beer so should be priced accordingly! 
i have nothing bad to say about the food, as it was quite enjoyable. having recently moved to the neighborhood, i would have planned on returning. that will not be the case. will never go back due to the poor and disappointing experience we had. 
we ordered quite a lot of food. Been there loads. Usually good. This time however. I got the sardines which was a special. The entire fish was full of scales which I reported back as inedible. Was really shocked when the manager came back to the table to inform me that is how sardinea are cooked and I have no choice but to eat the scales. I then asked if I could change go the salmon and was equally shocked to be told that will be served exactly the same with the scales. I said I was a chef and own a restaurant and I know how easy it is to clean a fish before serving. The manager was really silly and though he was right in standing up for the chef by saying that fish is served with scales. It is a real shame because i was willing to get it redone, changed or even just cleaned. Considering this period with the corona virus. I do not think it too much to ask for my fish to be cleaned and scaled or at least get a chef that understands that you can't serve fish that way or a manager that just does not argue over everything for the sake of it without any incling of common sense.  
Truly Unprofecional.The manager was so rude+when i returned my burned pizza,he sent it back and he said it meant to be like this.I made them do another one anyways and it wad the same.i really dont guarantie you to dont come here!! 
Went for Saturday lunch here. Decor great but the service was awful and dismissive. The pizzas arrived and managed to do the impossible - burnt biter base with sloppy water like toppings. Tasted alright but really nothing out of the ordinary. Essentially ignored from the moment of arriving to leaving.  
If your looking for a night out with friends where you can’t hear yourself speak, where the food is sub-optimal and the entertainment is surreal then this is the place for you.  
I've been there with a friend of mine on a Sunday afternoon, I was really impressed by the design and loved the way it looks but terrible service. In the restauranr no more than 12 customers and 6 employees plus kitchen staff. We ordered some chicken and we had to wait 45 minutes!!!!!!!! We could see how the staff are pretending doing something else just to not have an eye contact with the customers. You have to order drinks in advance too just to get them on time because they don't check on you if everything is fine.. for the bill... I had to stand up and sitting they for another 10 good minutes just for her to pick up a card machine.  
I am new to the area and so have been enjoying getting to know the local food venues around. My friend and I went out to eat last night and decided to go to two different places for dinner and then dessert. We had a lovely main and then decided to go into Sacro Cuore for dessert (as the menu in the window advertised 'the best ice cream in London').  
Near inedible chicken and bacon pie. Over-priced and lacklustre menu. Friendly staff but does not make up for the fact that the cosy warmth of the old pub has been replaced with soul less ambiance. 
There were 5 waiting staff and 15 people in the restraunt & service was still some how terrible we waited 30mins 4 drinks starters came in under 5mins and before drinks. Waiter forgot our order and didn't check on our table at all I had to get up to them to get any service needless to say we refused to eat there after they let them self's down 
Just let you know i was you customer but 1 time i find hair inside my pizza and another time a peice of glass, i almost broke my teeth. Orrible. 
Absolutely shocking attitude from the waiter. Accidentally spilled a drink and was not offered a replacement despite our genuine apologies. When I asked he advised we would be charged . Such a shame :-( 
i have left this review a week as my family are in shock at the treatment we have received. 
Appalling service at this cabana branch. Wanted to confirm with staff that some items were Halal, and the response I got was, "well that's what it says in the big sign", firstly did not see any big sign and secondly how can a waiter speak to a restaurant customer like that it's beyond my belief. However still took a seat, needed to stand up and get my own menu and again needed to leave my table to get someone to order. The restaurant was literally empty at 15h00. The food is average , however senior management need a wake up call and must monitor staff at this branch as it's totally unacceptable the total disregard for customers. Simply badly managed. 
Granted the food was good, the staff were rude and the service was appalling! Took up too much of our time and were incredibly slack. Staff even used their phone instead of waiting tables. This is a frequent bad experience and for that I will never be going back there. Wish I had gone somewhere else considering it was for my birthday! 
Having said we would go to the resturant for the past two years we booked as we thought it would be a fun night full of laughter great food & beer . How wrong we were this resturant might have been all those things in the 1970's of which the photos depict but 47 years later it certainly is not . It's an overpriced shabby resturant . The staff are expressionless, the food overpriced! one of our party had the beef stew ( goulash ) 4 pieces in an unappealing over salty sauce served Luke warm , with a handful of French fries ( crinkle cut value chips ! ) £18.00 , a stein of larger £10.50 , house white / red £25.50 per bottle unbranded in their own bottles bearly drinkable but with little alternative without a sizeable price increase we had no option .  
We visited Zizzi on a Sunday for lunch, we ordered one starter two main (adults) and two kids menu. 
This was my fourth visit here as I am local and the food has always been very nice although over priced. BUT I can not go again - they served our dish to another table and after letting another customer eat from it repeatedly they came to retrieve the dish telling the lady "its not your food". This seemed wrong as she was happy. Within 2 mintues this food had both visited the kitchen and placed is front of us! We asked the manager at the end how long it takes to cook the seafood pasta dish, he said 8 minutes. This time had not passed. It was a busy saturday night and the wait to just get our order in was over half an hour and so had the delivery of most dishes. The lady he took the dish from had to wait a very long time for her real order after the first dish being taken from under her. There is no doubt in mine or my friends mind as to what happened. We spoke to the lady who was wrongly delivered the dish and before I could say anything she apologised for eating our food and that she thought we were given the same dish. She gave me her number so she could help if and when I reported it. HOW TOTALLY DISGUSTING. Of course the restaurant are denying it, how can they admit to it? It could put them out of business. I asked to see evidence of the food in the bin - this was refused. At one point the manager said we got served another customers order so therefore it was ready but he would not show me the customer, bill or any evidence of this. This happened, its a health risk and shows that the restaurant care more about profits. Whilst the one main dish was taken off the bill, we paid still paid £60 for an evening for only two people that was totally ruined. 
Having queued up for over 40 mins to be told it’s reservation only I simple said to the manager Christian it would be good to have a sign outside to state this to avoid people queuing up. At which point he replied don’t tel me how to run my business. When I asked for his name he replied manager. If that’s the kind of service you get at a customer facing role I will not part with my money at all. Shame the brand employs people with this behaviour. 
Went for valentines day, they did nothing special for it, quite boring of them and no effort.  
I have been twice previously and i had an OK experience. However on this occasion i went with my friends knowing the food was lovely and had one of THE worst experiences in a resturant in my life. We booked a table at 7.30, we ordered garlic bread between 5 ppl which took over an hour to come out. Our mains which were pasta took a further 45mins to come out, so 1.45mins for a garlic bread to share and pasta! The food was actually Ok and we enjoyed it. The manger Antonio asked for my friends number at least three times, which was really inappropriate. Whilst paying the bill we politely mentioned to the waitress we were not willing to pay for the 10% (£18) service charge as our meal took SO long to come out we did not feel the service charge did not warrent the experience as no one offered drinks or anything whilst waiting. The waitress mentioned she needed to speak to the manga Antonio, the manager came over aggressive disagreeing with our points (a table of 5). We tried to politely explain our option and said we will pay our bill just not the service service , Antonio said we were “low class” and did not understand how a restaurant ran! The manger threatened to lock the door rand not let us out, we felt very embarrassed and threatened to be in this situation.This followed a very embarrassing argument in front of the whole restaurant! It could have been a simple conversation about constructive criticism. We spoke to three of the waitresses, and the ALL confirmed their behaviour was “normal” and this was not the first time. A very sexist manager and will NEVER go back again, I would not recommend it!! Such a shame as it is a local restaurant. 
We rang ahead to book an afternoon tea and I confirmed the price on the phone which was £9.95. When we arrived we waited 25 minutes for it to arrive. The menu for the teas was on the table and we picked a couple of different ones. We were not told that we would have to pay extra for these teas and were shocked to receive a bill for over £15.00!! Why didn't they tell us at the time that if we chose tea other than the standard teas it would be at an extra cost?? I would also like to point out to the reviewer who said that the top up water is free, that we were never offered any top up water and when we asked for extra tea, we were given a new pot and were clearly charged for it. It's obviously all about making money.  
The ambiance is good. The staff, was ok... Nothing extraordinary. Food wise, there maybe certain doubts on my behalf regarding the "aged 20 days and/or 50 days"steaks. Why? Because I have had matured or aged steak and it will normally melt in my mouth. I ordered Medium Well T Bone Steak.... And my partner ordered Rare T Bone Steak. BOTH THE T BONE STEAKS WERE CHEWY LIKE GUM! 
Booked on line for a table at 17-15 got table by door a bit drafty but ok 
We dont know what happened but it all got wrong since the begining. It was our anniversary and we booked a table of two. We arrived on time and were given menus. We both went for the mixed platter. Ten minutes after we ordered we were told that the mixed platter is not available anymore. So i changed my order for the burger and my wife got meat that was undercooked and we had already told the waiter that my wife is five months pregnant. How can you serve raw pink chicken to a pregnant lady? Anyway i got my burger eventually and was pretty basic. After finishing my burger and 30 minutes wait my wife eventually got her burger. Bottoms up it all went wrong and we both ended up in our anniversary having a basic burger. Please avoid at all costs! 
Monday 4th Nov 2019 
As we passing buy the roundabout Barnett London A1 we saw Miller and carter restaurant on the corner and we decided me and my son to stop and have something to eat as the restaurant looks very inviting, I must start with my entry to the restaurant and was no sign of anyone, Restarant was empty around 12-45 so I had to call if anyone home , then I saw a member of staff was talking and continued talking to a member of other staff ,till I said again are you serving? Then he said yes , so I took a menu and went outside to decide what I want with my son, I chose the veggie mezz and my son chose a steak as he love steak , as we got our meals , my mezz states with halloumi cheese was burned and dried Cubs ,no taste or looks , my guacamole was tasteless and bright green looked very artificial, I asked the waiter about giving me more flat bread and I mentioned about the halloumi cheese , I did not wanted to make a fuss or complain so he said I get you more bread , then he came with a stale toast not a flat bread and I would payed for it but he got me what he think it’s ok for him not what the customer wants, then my son has his first bite of the quality steaks and meat you advertise it was horrible and fatty not to mention he could not cut it as it should. Dry-aged steak has superior flavor and texture and your steak has none of it, we dine out a lot but unfortunately my experience at your restaurant was disappointing not to mention the value of a such a price at 2 meals and soft drink at £49 
Arrived for a date, upon arrival were seated waiting for 15 minutes with still no greeting from our waiter or an offer for drinks. We were then approached by the manager who I thought had come to take our order but by our surprise we were asked to move seats as we’d been seated incorrectly and our table was in fact reserved for a bigger party. After moving tables still no greeting or any type of service from the waiter so much so we had to go up and actually ask to be served. Following this the waiter managed to mess up our order and was unsure on which steak was which as one of us ordered medium and the other ordered medium rare, after asking for his clarification the waiter proceeded to give us the wrong order proving his uncertainty. After spending £80 you would think we would have the pleasure of just a little bit more professionalism. Hugely disappointed, most definitely avoid this branch!! 
I visited your restaurant on Wednesday evening around 8pm and it was an awful experience. Firstly only one starter reached the table so therefore I had to watch my girlfriend eat alone. I asked the waitress if she could please find out where my starter was and she returned after 5 minutes to bring my starter, but my girlfriend had already finished so therefore I didn’t also want to eat alone. The main course then come and this wasn’t any better, my fillet steak was fatty and over cooked. I then told the waitress that I had another issue and she just said I’m busy I will be back. After a short while she returned and clear the plates no apology for all the mistakes that had been made. We were then presented with the wrong bill, which kind of optimised the rushed, unprofessional service. I would not recommend to anybody and would advice to stay away 
Poor conveyor belt service. Different prices on drinks and main drinks menu's. Server tried to take order before lunchtime menu was brought to table. Wrong order arrived. Server displayed no customer focus at all. Not geared up for half-term as more people were wanting to eat and new arrivals were told that there was a 1 hour wait... most turned around and went elsewhere. Guess this is what happens with franchises the personal touch goes out the window. 
Did order 4 meals for delivery the container were practically empty! Pay for 4 meals with salad they send me 2 salads only when I call to complain they told me to call back in 15 min.. I did ! The manager said there were to busy that’s why they did the salad in one container, in he middle of the conversation the manager told me to F.... off I told him off big time! He hang up the phone! Really badplace and and customer service. Do not go there!  
Well what can I say disguised! Wanted a a table for 8 people refused because we didn't have a loyalty card 3 people in the restaurant no one had a loyalty card. I have lived in Burnham since 1984 never been refused to any restaurant. We ate in the Akash had a lovely meal really WELCOMING and warm stay clear of the Italian pooooor bad bad bad stay well clear! 
Went with friends we all had something different. I had the spaghetti Bolognese that is all I had eaten that day and did not drink any wine with the meal. That night I was so ill kept throwing up all through the night. What more can I say? 
Went to Zizzi in Romford for lunch today to see if it had changed .I had spaghetti Bolognese but the pasta had to be gluten free .It was so hard .I complained to the waitress. She said we don't cook the pasta .Don't ask me what they do must stand it in water .I said they only have to put it in a saucepan and boil it. She said we haven't got all the equipment. Because it's gluten free. 
I have eaten her a couple of times and each time you can tell the staff are too new and too under staffed - our last visit we asked for a table and was left waiting at the door for 10 minutes as the staff did not have a clue in the end we walked out  
Me and my girlfriend were looking for somewhere to drink and was asked to leave pay early as we were just having a drink on a hot day. Manager was very rude and didn’t care for customer service. We asked for 2x spare plates an he refused. Disgraceful service and no care for customers just ordering drinks. The can of coke was warm and felt very unfriendly environment. 
Recently visited for a birthday dinner. We were served by Genesis who has an attitude that could be the beginning of the end of this place. The restaurant general manager was more concerned in taking care of what seemed like another employee we could tell she worked in the hotel as she had a uniform and a badge instead of guests.  
Went in for a meal with the other half and ordered a pizza, fish risotto and a side of broccoli. The fish risotto literally came out as soup and rice and was sent back immediately. By the time my 2nd attempt on the main arrived, my other half had already eaten his main. I waited for a side of broccoli for more than 10 minutes after the 2nd attempt on the risotto only to be served a depleted pieces of broccoli.  
Booked to go here for mums b-day as they have gluten free options on the menu. When making the booking actually stated gluten free would be required. Asked for the gluten free menus that was given to us by the hostess. Upon making the order told there is no gluten free pasta or pizza. Absolute disgrace. Paid for our over priced bottle of wine and swiftly left. Totally poor and you might as well remove the gluten free options from your advertisement as you cannot deliver. Ruined our night and will never go to one of your restaurants again. Would give zero starts if possible.  
I went there with a friend mid week for lunch and immediately noticed the dirty white chairs that were filthy. Ok.. onto the food: the first 2 courses were ok although not a lot of choice if you are vegetarian, the sundae desert was inedible and was sent back. Cheap ice cream in a stainless steel dish that became freezing to touch and covered in red crispy flakes of some description. 
This miller and carter is awful. Never have a selection of meats. Food was cold, chips refried, service was slow and shocking. When asked why they never had a t-bone or any ribeye in stock they said they are due the delivery tomorrow. It’s happened to me on the last 3 occasions. Thought ild give it another go but was awful.  
This was our 4th visit to Miller and Carter in Stirling Corner and very disappointed with the service and quality of food served to us. When we arrived we waited for almost 10 minutes for someone too show us to our seats as nobody was at the front desk.  
I went here on a Friday . I was very disappointed with the food it definatley just came out of the microwave . Will not be returning. 
This place has relatively good reviews so we were hopeful. Our starter was burnt, main was ok but service was terrible. The staff took a while with everything, did not even ask how our food was completely forgotten about our Parmesan and also whilst they promised us a new table which we were waiting for they gave it to the couple that entered after us. Not a pleasant experience. 
the food was pretty bland and the service was lousy, very unfriendly. Certainly, I will not repeat this experience. 
Poor quality service! The pizza was bad, the acid sauce and the rubbery mozzarella and lasagna too, heavy without taste! Average prices. So avoid it if you want to eat well! 
Food was okay in fact average 
Simply stated: We ordered martini's with a specific gin from the waiter. When we ordered another round the bartender informed us they didn't have our gin so he had made the first martini's with something else. We expressed our displeasure and then ordered the second round with a gin more of our liking. The waiter brings the second round and informs us they were made with the incorrect gin AGAIN. And NO APOLOGY. 
Came in for a quick meal. I managed to order from the hostess and then spent the rest of meal without a server EVER coming to the table. I literally walked over to the bar myself to get a glass of water. On my way out I walked up to the manager and explained the situation. She seemed indifferent when I told her I wouldn’t pay the service fee (since there was no service). She literally printed me a bill without service and handed it over.  
Nice decor. Service fine.  
Came here 4 years ago and waited an hour odd for food that wasn't even cooked properly (chicken as well). Thought I'd give it another go...been here an hour and no sign of any food. Everyone in the restaurant looks fed up. 
The toilets don't flush properly so it really puts you off you meal. Disgusting sights and smells! Staff tried to sort it out when I complained but to no avail. I rang head office to complain and they never got back to me. I will never go to Zizzi again!! 
I love eating at Zizzi. But avoid this branch at all cost. We wanted to grab a bite before we see a movie and we made that clear to our waitress. 
Attempted to eat there for the third time but turned away as we didn't have a reservation. The hilarious thing? It was half empty once again! The food is mediocre at best but to turn away customers when there are scores of tables available makes no sense.  
14 of us went for a friends retirement. Myself and two friends arrived first to decorate the table. We wanted to get ourselves a drink while we waited for the rest of the group to arrive only to be told we could not be served drinks until we order food! Really??? The restaurant wasn't that busy to be honest. Seemed as though there was only one waitress serving 7 tables! Took forever to be served drinks when we were allowed them. Starters came out at a reasonable time, then it was down hill from there!!!! Main meals took for ever and so did dessert! I don't know how many times the kitchen staff where shouting out SERVICE to the the waiting staff. We booked our table for 7.30, last person arrived 7.40. We were eating dessert at around 10.40!!!! Service was a joke more rounds of drinks took even longer. £35 for service charge was a terrible, not great service at all! The only up side to this restaurant was the food (when we got it!) which was really nice. Let's just say my group won't be coming back!!! 
The table was booked for 7.30 for 14 people some of us got there early so we asked if we could buy a drink the bar attended said no you are here to decorate the table and cannot have a drink until you are seated at your table. Once seated we got our drinks but some of us asked if we could have our own tab to which the waitress said no but we can have separate bills at the end we ordered our starter and main meal which took 1 hour to come and restaurant was not that busy the main meal was abt a hour if not more after that. We asked for bill and she came with it we asked abt the individual bill which there was no response we paid the bill as we did not want to spoil the evening for the lady who's party it was we will not be coming to this restaurant again bad service bad management and was sure we was over charged but it was late and wanted to get home so just paid it more fool us terrible 
My wife and I visited this restaurant to have a nice pre pictures meal following our anniversary and were totally disappointed with the experience. In a half empty restaurant which seemed to be fully staffed we had to remind the waiter that we'd ordered olives with our drinks. He then totally forgot our starter course, trying to serve our mains some 40 minutes after arriving at the restaurant. Fed up with waiting we said not to bother and said we'd pay for the drinks and go elsewhere. To our surprise the manager then came over and apologised but said she wouldn't charge us for the mains we'd not had!!! Surprised she didn't ask us to pay for the starters we didn't see either! Rubbish service and hard tasteless olives!  
Booked a table for a birthday celebration, they phoned on the day to check the details asked by the staff on arrival whose birthday. All sounds organised but then the staff forget and nothing happens. I complained and what do you get , I’m sorry but you can’t repeat the day 
Went in on the off chance to have a meal and was greeted by a very rude waitress. I was asked if I had book a table and I replied that I hadn't and the waitress bit my head off and said I would need to book if I what to use this restaurant. Looking around the restaurant I realised it was nearly empty and I can see why when they have rude staff running the place. When I turned to leave a lady and a child came in and she received the same service as I experienced. Not good if she's not happy in her job change it. 
I have eaten at other Zizzi Branches & enjoyed their food. Member of our party got Gluten Free Pasta that wasn't edible as not cooked enough, complained & after 30 minutes came back & the new one was still not fully cooked. Waitress was apologetic & gave a refund of her food, however they put mine on a warmer & was horrible. Sent a letter of complaint to Zizzi's & just stated they would inform the Chef & enjoy our next visit. 
Shockingly poor service. Child's menu stated "3 courses £6.95, Carrot sticks plus Cucumber sticks plus Dough Sticks. In fact when the food arrived there were no dough sticks. When I queried with the waitress she was nonchalant stating it's not on their menu. I pointed out that it clearly is on the menu and it was not explained that there has been an alteration. The waitress referred me to the manger who took 20 minutes to get to me. She explained that it's off the menu and that i'm the first person to have queried it. The meal took 1 hour and 15 minutes to arrive. The children's food was spagetti bolognaise x 2. One of these had to go back as the spagetti was stuck/clumped in one piece as though it had been taken out of a microwave packet and thrown on a plate. Meanwhile another child main was incorrect so that had to go back. The two children finally got their food 20 minutes later. My son ordered pasta pomodoro. When he finally got his food the pasta was not cooked. However, he was so hungry and the service had been so bad that he wanted to eat it as he could not wait any longer for food having just eaten carrot and cucumber sticks. Lastly, the toilets were an absolute health hazard with poo in every toilet, all over the seats and even on the floor. When I spoke with the manager she said it's a problem with frankie and bennies too and that there's nothing she can do. Regarding the menu, the manager kept saying that this is a Zizi problem and nothing to do with her as she doesn't make the menu. I quickly realised that this is a franchise and that the staff and manager do not give two hoots. This service is disgusting. The toilets and food being undercooked are health hazards. This was my son' s birthday. It was absolutely ruined. We cancelled the children's desserts which came with the menu and asked for the return of the birthday cake which we took with us as we wanted to leave immediately. Shocking experience. Birthday ruined and I paid for the pleasure.I went there on a saturday at 215 and left at 415 having had a one course meal (oh and some cucumber and carrot sticks). This place was half empty. You have to ask yourself why. Everywhere else in Romford was full to the brim. avoid unless you don't mind coming out of here still hungry. 
Well where do I start..... waited 1hour and 45 minutes for our mains, food was cold, not to mention I received the wrong order, service was bad, couldn't understand the waiter (not his fault obviously but doesn't help with the communication side) overly priced unless you have a voucher. AVOID 
A crime happened on 7 April 2017. I reported to David, the General Manager of JW Steakhouse restaurant, that my handbag was stolen in the restaurant. I reported the incident to David within an hour of the incident and David reassured me that there were CCTVs on top of where I sat. He asked the security team to check the footage immediately. After waiting for about 15 minutes, he said it might take an hour or two. I didn’t need to stay in the restaurant but he will contact me later. So I gave him my contact details and left the restaurantthinking it was in good hands and went back home as I had a little one to look after and so do not have time to hang around. 
I've visited zizzis a number of times but went with my best friend in May for a catch up! Service was great as ever, however she had the bruschetta and I had the arancini balls for starters! The salsa that came with it might as well have been frozen and her bruschetta was freezing also! I then had the tortellini which was so unbelievably eggy it didn't taste fresh more just undercooked!! It was really not a pleasant dining experience at all and I will not be returning! They also took one of the mezze pizzas off the menu which was also really disappointing!! 
I ate lunch on November 26th 2017. The ingredients were bad. The "olive" oil was of low quality. The aubergine parmigiana was terrible: dry and with low quality mozzarella cheese: luckily it was also ridiculously small. The soup was a joke: either not Italian style or just bad. As I paid cash, they also tried not to pay taxes by not giving a receipt and had to insist for it. Will never go back. It is a tourist trap.you will not find any Italians going back there after a 1st tasting. 
Went there for Mother's day with My Mum and Wife. Overpriced, very small portions and average service. Starters were good but small. All Risottos were terrible. Pizzas were nice but they were really small. Service was average. Wouldn't go back... 
Terrible steakhouse .. shouldn't be under JWs name. No consistency , terrible cuts of meat. Ordered rib eye , sirloin , fish n chips , and calamari ... Calamari over seasoned and steaks went back twice to the kitchen and still hard as wood. Even though ordered medium rare.  
I tried to go to Zizzi at Romford last weekend with a group of friends. We arrived about an hour before they closed and were told that we could not dine there as they were closing. It was well before closing time and the staff were just not interested. We went to another restaurant around the corner and even though they closed half an hour earlier than Zizzi they were still more than happy to seat us. I won't be going here again as there are so many other restaurants in the area who provide much better service. 
went there recently as a group of 4 as a birthday treat I ordered the new wild boar ragu - when it arrived it had chicken in it - the waiter took it back and apologised - when it returned they had taken the chicken out and covered it totally with cheese and thought I did know ! Shame the chef let down the rest of the staff 
Initial greeting was good and menus brought quickly. Specials explained in broken English. Took a long time to come to take drinks order, service slow and were not asked if we wanted desserts. 
Went in with my two young kids and sister. We arrived just before 12 and were the only ones in the restaurant. Waitress couldent make it more obvious that she was annoyed about having to serve children. We asked for a kids orange juice, which turned out to have bits in it and asked for a steamed milk instead of a chococino for my baby. Firstly she's seemed unhappy to be serving milk and was then surprised that a four year old wouldn't want juice with bits. We asked for an apple juice instead and apologised for this as well. But as she reached out to get the juice, stepped on my foot and didn't even apologise. If it isn't off putting enough to be served by someone who clearly doesn't want to serve you, they then got my order wrong. I ordered a pasta and asked that they remove the chicken but when it arrived I noticed there was chicken in it. When I advised her that I'd asked for no chicken she refused that I had said that. In the end, we just asked for the bill and left to eat somewhere else. I dont think you should advertise yourself as being family friendly when you clearly don't know how to handle kids. Ended up going to franky and bennies instead, and were very pleased with the service. 
We ordered the lasagna as a main, but one of the two came still frozen inside and really hot but on the outside only. Made a complaint to the waiter who offered to heat it up again (?). Asked for the bill, had to pay full price. Sorry they won’t see us again. 
Went over the weekend, the restaurant was 2/3rd empty. The waitress abruptly showed us to the table. The Crab Linguini wasnt great either, but the Rustic Primavera Pizza was nice. The Italian apple cider was good . Would rather go to a place where people convey a customer welcoming feeling. 
Porterhouse was fine, but other than that this was a bad experience.  
- Staff were rude  
The staff took long to give us the menu, then to ask for our order and to finally give us the bill. 
Popped in on Bank Holiday Monday 26th August @ 12pm with a party of 4 adults and one under 2, and was shown to a table next to a stage(?) area and a large floor-standing speaker belting out loud music. Asked if the music could be turned off, or at least down, told "may be able to turn it down", then asked seater if we could sit somewhere else (place only had two other tables occupied), only to not be understood clearly.  
Sunday afternoon. Place was busier than the staff could handle. Drinks sat at the bar for an age, had to reminded the staff to collect the food, food as pretty mediocre when it arrived.  
Don't even think of going there for a pre-cinema meal.  
On arrival there is no "maître d" or host as it were, so when you arrive you're left standing in the doorway for ages while you're ignored and staff avoid eye contact.  
BAD POINT 1. Approaching the door to a word document stuck on the window reading " Our PDQ machine may not work today" is perhaps not the best start to a relaxing evening,the thought of dining out then having to go find a cash machine before you can leave. Ignoring that fact may have been our worst decision of the night.BAD POINT 2. " Sorry Sir we do not have the 21 pound bottle of Chianti Classico - we have this one here for a TENNER - it's the same wine but has an older label" BAD POINT 3. " Sorry Madam our beer fridge is out of order so there is no cold beer today" BAD POINT 4. " Sorry Sir and Madam but both of your choices of main course have sold out" ( at 7.30 pm). BAD POINT 5. " well you know in April we are only going to be doing Pizza and Pasta and nothing else" . 
Having been a very good costumer of this restaurant and taking the abuse which is invariably always on offer, the last time was the straw that broke the camels back. After speaking with the waiter who asked us to wait indicating which table we could have once empty we patiently waited for the table outside for some 35 minutes. we were then aggressively told by the same waiter that we could no longer sit at the now vacant table. After a difficult discussion he allowed us to sit down and threw the menus on the table. He then changed his mind and aggressively came and grabbed the menus from my family and told us to leave. He was rude, offensive and totally illogical. Completely spoilt our family's evening. We will never ever be going to this restaurant again.  
Amazed that this place has good reviews - but if you look in the Terrible or Poor ratings you will see a truer story.  
As it happens, "pierino" is a word for a rude or impertinent child in Italian, and that's precisely how the waiters were behaving. We first arrived and were told brusquely there were no tables available, despite their clearly being a table outside. We were there told that they had "stopped service outside" due to the "rain" (a drizzle, not that it mattered thanks to the canopy), so we couldn't sit outside there either. Another irritated-looking waiter than approaches, waving his hands and curtly tells us we can't eat there because it's "closed". All this despite the restaurant being full, and us arriving there more than an hour before official closing time! Incredible. 
Nothing wrong with the decor, nor the staff, but the food was just so disappointing. I had chicken schnitzel, which was incredibly dry, my side of roast vegetables, were more like boiled veg, and the French fries weren’t crisp. Very limp. My partner had the salmon which came with mash potato and peas that were both so dry, they looked like they’d been microwaved to within an inch of their lives. The peas weren’t glistening and moist the mash wasn’t creamy and appetising, it was just all sooooo dry. I’m amazed the waitress wasn’t embaresssd bringing it over.  
Tried to come with our party of four plus a baby. Before we even walked in the door some person who I assume is the manager immediately rushed up to us and told us they don't have room for five. He was extremely short and rude to us.  
Just came back from the newly opened branch. Food was awful portion poor. I had the battered cod it was tiny hardly no fish. The mushy peas just about covered the bottom of this tiny pot and when I ask for more they put in a tea spoon more. Service was very junior and when my wife went to the loo someone was throwing up. Not going back awful experience don't waste your time. It will not last. 
Went for a famly meal Friday evening. Really looked forward to it as we are regulars at the Harrow Weald & Pinner branches. So we thought we would try the new branch out as it looks really impressive inside and out. Ordered our food. Ours mains turned up to the table before our kids food did. Both my husband and my steaks were over cooked really chewy and tough. Informed our waitress who I guess told her manager. The manager John came over. He said I hear your have a problem with the meal. When I told him our steaks were not medium, he looked at them and said I guess it’s a bit over cooked. When I asked if all Miller & Carters are supposed to be consistent he said of course we are. I explained we eat regularly at 2 of their other branches he rudely said well what ever we do at this branch regarding portion sizes and stuff like that is correct and what all Miller & Carters are supposed to do. Well I told that maybe so but in my opinion that compare to the Harrow & Pinner his restaurant wasn’t doing much right. He wasn’t very happy with what I had said and didn’t really care much for our feedback. He said well that’s a shame you think that way and I hope you come back to us. I said that was very unlikely. He walked off and didn’t make no eye contact or say goodbye when we left. I left 3/4 of my steak as I couldn’t eat a steak I wasn’t enjoying. Also after the bad attitude and service I received from the completely inappropriate arraogant manager of such a big company made me want to walk out the restaurant and put me off my food completely. No alternative was offered or gesture of goodwill by him. One of the waitresses who we first saw us did say I can your steak is over cooked but it will take at least 15 minutes to cook another one. I wasn’t prepared to wait as I felt so uncomfortable with the whole situation. I just wanted to leave. Never have my husband and I wanted to leave a restaurant so quickly as we were so disgusted with the managers behaviour. A word of advise to the Miller & Carter directors. Maybe they need to send John to HARROW branch for some training from a proper manager of some exceptional customer service. They got it really right there and I have never left unhappy even if they haven’t always got the food cooked to perfection on the rare odd occasion. 
I went to dinner with my parents and the food was good - but the service was not! 
A group of 6 of us went to eat for my partners birthday. We were shown to our table and our waitress for the evening was Sophie. We ordered our drinks and food and our sharer starters arrived before our drinks and we were not given any side plates. 50 minutes after we ordered our food had not arrived. I approached Nicole the manager to explain the wait and poor service as it was busy and our waitress was rushed off of her feet. Nicole said she would find out how long the food would be however she did not return. 5 minutes later our food arrived, my meal was cold and after all the waiting I did not wish to wait for another meal so I sent it back and did not eat. The quality of the rest of the food was poor and we all felt very disappointed. As we were waiting another 20 minutes + for our dinner plates to be cleared and desert menus I went to find Nicole to offer some constructive feedback. Nicole and several other members of staff were sat down talking and as I approached them they stood up and began to "look busy". I tried to explain to Nicole that I was disappointed with the service and my meal but she would not let me speak without talking over me. The attitude she presented with was unprofessional and inappropriate. Although there is room for improvement with the food and timing of service, we will never return.  
LEFT FOOD ON PLATE..waiter did NOTHING when inquired why meat SOUR...couldn't eat it!! Service horrible!!  
We visited last night and very underwhelmed. Poor service. Very inattentive. Poor food French fries served cold as the burger. Will not be revisiting. Not worth the expensive price tag.  
This is possible the worst Zizzi i have been to. When we entered the restaurant we were greeted by a woman with an awful attitude problem who threw our menus on the table and walked off. We were then left to sit down at the table for 20minutes before even being served, once we ordered our drinks and starters, they took 30 minutes to make a brunschetta then didnt bring the other 2 starters for another 30minutes even though we ordered them together. The starters were cold in some places, soggy in others, hot in some areas and conjealed in other areas. They were of course lefy. Our main meals didnt even show up for 40 minutes until i asked where they were. I watched the manager walk to the cooks and ask as they started sifting through orders and reciepts to see they hadnt even made our food and also tried to palm us off with someone elses food!!... food that wasnt even ours, was trying to be given to us after we had waited for 40minutes! Even though our food doesnt take that long to cook. Ive been to numerous Zizzis restaurants and always had the best service everytime. I could understand if the Romford branch were rushed off their feet and very busy but they werent. The staff were rude and dissmissive and was only until we decided to leave that they were asking us to stay and have the food for free. No thanks !! 
I went to miller and carter to try this new branch out since I am a big fan of the stanmore and Ruislip one. When arriving there with a group of 4 we were turned down as we didn't meet the correct dress code and was told by the manager to go home change my shoes and come back!!! My clothes were smart casual but just because of my BLACK CONVERSES I was rejected.... This was the first time i heard about this dress code as ruislip and stanmore take anyone in! plus wearing trainers shouldn't matter as your shoes are hidden when you sit down.....Most clubs take me in with these shoes,,,, I have read a google review with a response a manager said and he said that trainers are ok, therefore I don't understand why i was turned down and spoken so sarcastically by the manager john.... For me this place now is A NO GO! Thank god that there is still ruislip and stanmore... Plus my friends have gone there another day and said that the food portion size is smaller then stanmore and their steak was overdone and was spoken rudely to by the management when complaining..... Therefore i recommend people to make a 10-15 minute trip and go to the stanmore/Ruislip branch instead to save disapointment!!! 
I came here with my wife on part due to the good reviews, however after pointing out an error on the menu the manager was so derisive, sarcastic and vindictive in response my wife felt we needed to leave. I didn't want this to end the evening, but the manager clearly couldn't care less. Very disappointing. I wouldn't return to this restaurant, and there are lots of good places to eat in the area. 
We first visited this JW Steak House many years ago, and have returned several times over the years. The service, ambiance, and food were fantastic. The restaurant specialised in American grain fed steaks and other American foods. 
As a guest of the JW Marriott Grosvenor House you would like to think that a guest could walk into the on premise JWSteakhouse for dinner and told there would be an hour wait. Check out the tables available...apparently they are waiting for patrons other than us. No customer service, no apology, basically go away, you are bothering me attitude is not the service levels I expect. Very disappointed with Marriott anything in London. I will need to re-think my loyalty to the Marriott brand. 
Well we would have eaten here pre concert but despite their website stating it was open, it was shut. 
I booked a table at your Stirling Corner Branch on the 1st August for 6 people at 7.15pm. This was for my grandmothers birthday. We sat down and the waitress came to take our order after about 10 mins. Good start but all went downhill from then. 
Don't go! Restaurant only for tourist. It is not proper Italian taste. Service was not too bad. We ordered chicken parmigiana and we received chicken milanese. 
This place needs a good clean and refurb! The hygiene rating is 1. I would never eat here again very dodgy tummy for 2 days following visit here. When I checked the rating I was horrified that I'd even entered the place never again 
As a mature female on her own ( a former judge at that, ) my friend & travelling companion was refused service here at 2.15 on a Tuesday afternoon. There were at least six tables for two unoccupied when she was told that she was not welcome on her own. In the interests of female solidarity, this restaurant should be boycotted until its management recognises the other 50% of the population.  
It is disappointing for a chain restaurant to be inconsistent. This Miller and Carter is nothing like the 4 others we have visited. Firstly, we waited ages in the lobby for anyone to show us to our table. The servers are friendly but are obviously hampered by poor Management. Steaks are not cooked to customers' requests and, although one of our steaks was good quality and cooked correctly, the others were extremely poor and overcooked. It is not acceptable for the Manager to state that they "haven't had any other complaints" that evening. The restaurant was busy but we were sitting near the kitchen door and didn't see any other steaks of the same cut come out of the kitchen. Our waitress was in total agreement that the steaks were "very well done" (we had ordered medium, as suggested on the menu!) - and the sinew and gristle running right through was not edible. Even the steak knife provided couldn't cut through! It is also not acceptable to serve meals in "shifts". If a steak is sent back, the accompanying hot side dishes should also be replaced! When we asked to see the Manager, she was very defensive and suggested that perhaps the restaurant was unable to meet our needs!! We've dined at Miller and Carter restaurants many times - even though they're not cheap - as we have previously found restaurants to be consistent and to cook steaks accurately. We will not be returning to this one; it is well below the Miller and Carter standard we have previously enjoyed. Very disappointing. 
Been here for a takeaway, the food was terrible and the meat was very fatty (poor quality) I love to eat Turkish food and have been to many restaurants and I have to say this is the worst that I have had .  
I visited this branch of Miller & Carter on a previous occasion when it first opened and didn't have a great experience, I decided to try it again but I unfortunately it was worse than my first visit. We waited almost 15minutes from when we were seated to when we ordered our drinks, I ordered a medium rare steak that came out VERY WELL done which I returned, to cut a long story short I ate my dinner 20minutes after my wife had finished.  
Horrible experience. Manager was arrogant and disrespectful when we complained the food didn't come how we ordered. 
The restaurant itself is in a great location and it’s decor is nice. I can’t say that for the food. We had spaghetti bolognese and the gnocchi, both were rather bland, I didn’t eat much of the gnocchi but the garlic pizza bread was delicious. The red headed lady that helped wasn’t the most friendly, which made our dining experience not that enjoyable. Won’t go back 
After tasting a hair in my food thinking was my own picked another form my girlfriends plate...same size. Completely cut off my appetite. Shame...I really loved zizzi 
This is my second visit here, after having wanting to try it for a long time - especially after reading the other reviews. The first time I came in for Sunday brunch we were in a rush so started to feel a little stressed at the slowness of service. But we didn’t stay to eat as by the time someone came over to take our order we only had 40 minutes to eat for which we were told the food wouldn’t come out in that time so we had to get up and go. No big deal. 
We decided to try the JW Steakhouse for lunch based on the good reports from Trip Advisor. I tried the Eggs Benedict which was very disappointing, my partners meal was also disappointing. We had just received dessert when my partner suddenly jumped up and I then saw a mouse running across the floor, which had apparently been on her feet. I then watched, what I assumed was the restaurant manager with a bar man very quietly trying to corner the mouse or mice; without disturbing the customers. When the waitress asked if we were enjoying the meal I replied we are not and I am surprised a restaurant has mice running around customers feet. She replied that they have known about the mice and have been trying to catch them for a few weeks.  
After reading good reviews it was tempting to try but we had a horrible experience. The portions on the starter were small, too salty, oily and expensive for what you pay.  
This was a crazy place...I went for a company xmas dinner...and I so regret parting with my money. It's literally like a greasy café but with added amateur music and an owner who does not like anyone who is foreign. Honestly!  
Having booked a table arrived there and the place was busy had to wait at the door few minutes before anyone came to check on us  
I love good steak houses, and I love burgers. I've tried the burger there and it was below average. The bun was dry (the whole burger was dry). The truffled fries were almost white, they were mushy and tasteless. My friend described them as McDonald fries, but I would say even McDo fries have more taste. The Mac'n'Cheese was horrible, I only had one spoon full. The bottle of red wine was average. the Cheese cake was huge and not bad. For an expensive restaurant like that I would expect much better quality. I would never go again, and I would never recommend a friend to go there.  
This evening my Husband took me for dinner at Miller and Carter Sterling Corner. We eat here regularly and have always held this restaurant in high regard however, this evening was the most disgusting treatment I have ever received whilst dining here. We placed our order of 1 cocktail 1 beer a bottle of water and 2 steak dinners with chips and sweet potato fries. When the drinks arrived the cocktail was filled to the brim and spilt all over me. I was left to clean the table and myself with no assistance. When our food arrived the chips were not given to us and when they did arrive they were both plain. I then had to send my steak back as it was as tough as old boots and rare. I ordered medium. My meal had still not been returned back to me by the time my Husband had finished his meal. I called the manager over who said he would remove the meal from the bill and offered to give me another steak (what was I waiting for then?) When I explained to him that we would not be paying the bill as it had completely ruined our last evening together as I'm going away he then asked us to leave the restaurant and not come back! We were bared from the premises infront of the other diners. We went out to eat together!!!!! This man thought it was perfectly acceptable for us to eat our meals separately. I would not go back here ever again the service is a disgrace to loyal customers 
Afternoon tea was nice (basic) -four finger sandwiches (egg, cream cheese and cucumber, prawn and ham) a scone each, 2 small cuts of banana bread, a slice of chocolate cake and rainbow cake to share. This was suppose to be £10.95 according to the website or £19.95 for two. Three of us decided to have Prosecco, which would be £14.95 each. They decided to charge £15.50 per person and and extra £5 for a small glass of Prosecco. For a small local business to be so sneaky I was shocked. Food was basic but fine, but definitely not worth that! An alternative with incredible value for money is For Forks Sake Catering! 1st picture is the incorrect menu for Croft Tea Room. Pictures of For Forks Sake Catering are the beautiful food for 5! 
Went at the weekend in south ken  
What a terrible expensive experience this was the food was terrible and over priced took a hour to come out when it did arrive the waitress was embarrassed about the poor service and couldn’t apologise more for the poor quality off food and how cold it was and full of grease not what you expect for let’s say it’s not cheap there so we then complained to the manager and let’s face it should’ve been mortified but instead treated us like idiots rolled her eyes at us and bassicly dismisses our argument and disrespected us and never said sorry to us and made us feel like we was wrong the toilets looked like something from the film trainspittin (the ones in the film where cleaner ) I will never go there again after paying good money and being treated like dirt by the manager the tall blonde woman who should not be a manager but I will add the waitress was lovely and she was embarrassed by the service would I eat there again no I’d rather take my chance from a back street burger van 
Web site says it's open on a Sunday closing at 4pm. We arrived at 2pm and found it closed. Not very impressed. Twice this has happened now. Won't bother again. 
Tried to contact to pre book and couldn’t get through. I come here for my sisters birthday as this place was recommended. However, the boss was poor at communicating as to what was on offer, there was hardly any food available and he told us we were time limited. Poor customer service skills. The waitress did her ultimate best in the poor circumstances which I think is embarrassing and a poor way to treat your staff. Absolutely disgusted and won’t be coming here again. Lack of communication and lack organisation. 
We came as a group for a Cheese Fondue night in this place... Lets enter in the cellar in which pictures from 70-80's from alps mountains with Heidi cover the walls... You will feel in a cliché from bavarian/austrian style countryside guesthouse... Careful one menu for 30pounds... and don't expect good food cause the money is mainly for the show.... accordeon, bell concert and old style austrian singer.... 
Very disappointing afternoon tea. Booked in advance. When we got there, there was no indication that they were prepared for our booking. We were told they didn't have many cakes ( 2 types) and the scones were awful. We had to ask for more tea. As we were the only people in the tea room, we were very disappointed with the food and service. 
Have you ever been chased down the street by a Cafe Owner? I was today. Had I forgotten to pay? Had I stolen something? No. I didn’t drink my tea because the cups were dirty and so explained and left. Above the level of tea was a former ring of old coffee, which I scraped off with my finger nail. In any times but especially during Covid, I want cleanliness and hygiene. Tea untouched, the Owner chases my car down the street and accuses my friend and I of just using his toilets! Please.  
Visited this restaurant at 5.30pm. It was very empty but they said they couldn't fit us in without a reservation. Fair enough as there may have been other early bookings. However, the way they spoke to us was rude and the staff member shouted at our son when he did not shut the door immediately. Don't think we will be hurrying back to give them our hard earned with so many more pleasant options in the area. 
I didn't know places like this existed. I felt like I was on a cruise ship. It seems like the kind of place you would go if you are not capable of being fun without outside help.  
Just went today after looking at the reviews thinking me and my husband would enjoy our meal with the baby . As we entered the restaurant , there was no employees , just group of 8 people of group in the corner and the rest, the restaurant was entirely empty. It was around 7:30 pm. We waited , as a finally someone spots us from the distance . As he was walking towards us , he quickly gives a look at his watch . And asked us if we have any booking . We didn’t have any booking . So then he said he only accepts customers with booking . He starting making excuses saying they are following social distancing , only take people of eight. Well if he’s following the rules , isn’t it supposed to be rule of six , why was he letting group of 8 people. Moreover, it looked like he was ready to go home . Didn’t wanted to take any extra customers. Such a terrible experience. Wouldn’t recommend anybody . 
We went here this evening - 4 out of 8 were unable to make it as the whole circle line was done and some were unwell. I called the restaurant four hours before who said that this wasn't a problem.  
Dreadful service 
Food was alright not great. Understand of the waiter being busy or other things due to 50% eat in to best out happening. Maybe to improve a bit of organisation meaning when the food game remove the plates before the food is served up on the plate 
Poor. Expensive. Place smelt terrible where we were sitting, I think sewer had something to do with it. Bill unitemised. Very expensive for what it was. Food drab, unappetising. Sorry -- wouldn't recommend. Nice staff though 
Visited today with a friend for drinks in the garden. After waiting ages to be seated I eventually had to go to the bar to get attention. We were taken to the garden and were told someone would be along to take our order. This didn’t happen and I had to chase down a member of staff to get them to take our order, which also took forever. To add insult to injury, when I went to pay, no one seemed interested and then found the person that took the order hadn’t even put it on the system! Could have walked without paying. Terrible service. 
Very disappointed in our trip yesterday.... Looked forward to a lovely roast dinner. We ordered the roast beef and lamb shank roast. Waited 1 hour to receive two roast dinners served in bowls!?!? Both were swimming in gravy so it looked more like a soup. The beef was awful so much so that the chef agreed! Everything else was just floating in gravy so soggy it was the worst roast dinner I've ever had. Never had a roast dinner in a bowl before. One dinner was refunded as the beef was awful!! Will not be going back. 
Food cold and waited ages! No service whatsoever and they had the cheek to put service charge on the bill. Phone was ringing at full volume constantly, there was no atmosphere. We refused to pay the bill for the food, we only payed for drinks. Embarrassing! Owner was rude when we complained. 
Cannot say how disappointed I was tonight- we have used here many times and never been disappointed. 
Curry was bland, oily and the chicken tough and hardly plentiful. It did not taste like a freshly prepared Indian dish, and my naan was soggy and tasted old. I would not eat this again. Staff were ok but if food poor then no point. 
Just stopped off here following a long train journey. Received menu and I asked if they did a mixed grill starter for one, as the menu only had it for 2. The waiter / front of house said yes they did so I ordered that together with a main. Cutting the story short when I came to pay the bill they had charged me for the 2 person mixed grill. When I queried this he said it was the only one they did. I asked why he had said they did it for one and he just shrugged his shoulders. I hate being lied to - and this was a clear rip off. My question is that if they lie like this to inflate the bill what shortcuts could they take with ingredients/ cooking to make extra money. There are plenty of good restaurants nearby- I would recommend you give those a try - this place doesn’t deserve custom. 
Chicken tikka masala tasted like it had Heinz Tomato Soup in it, it was vile!  
I had the worse Lamb Pasanda, Chicken Tikka Biryani and Keema Naan of the last 2 years... i thought that Sipson Tandoori or Curry Delight were Really Bad... but god... i had to throw away half of the tasteless bland food... What a waste of 20 £.... never Again... i don't understand how people write good reviews about places like this...Amazing .... 
I've been thinking about this for a few hours now and I've got to be honest, if given the choice between this restaurant and McDonalds, regrettably I'd go for a Big Mac. 
Some people might actually enjoy the cheesy entertainment: the lederhosen, the camp waiter who kept fondling my shoulders and asking me what I wanted to 'fill my sexy belly', the cowbells and the endless sing-along renditions of Edelweiss. And if you don't want to have to talk to your companions, the noise comes in handy. 
Went to this restaurant on a Saturday night as we were in town having a drink. Turned up at 9.25pm and thought it was strange that there was only two other people in there which should have set alarm bells ringing. 
Not much of a pub. The only beer available was in a small can and that was nearly £8 per pint. Very noisy too - probably due to a lack of soft furnishings. Think I'll be sticking to Wetherspoons - up to 10 different beers, all less than £3 per pint and none of them in a small can. 
Booked a table for Saturday night arrived on time sat by the door and waited and waited and waited , a couple sitting near us with drinks all of a sudden Got up and asked to pay for drinks when we spoke to them they said they had been waiting for their food for over 11/2 hrs looking around restaurant a lot of people had drinks but there was no food no explanation people were getting up and leaving absolutely appalling we phone a cab and luckily got a table in pets wood never again....... 
Ordered a takeaway , the order was wrong I call the restaurant to explain the person on the phone (Dave) was arrogant and extremely rude. I asked that the wrong dishes be replaced and was told the replacement dishes would be 5-7 minutes when they finally arrived 30 minutes later the rest of the meal was cold. When I phoned to complain the phone was put down by the person at the restaurant. Terrible service dreadful food, an appalling experience.This is the first and only time I have used this restaurant. There are so many good restaurants in the chislehurst area DON'T USE THIS ONE ITS AWFUL. The staff are offensive, the food and service are a disgrace. 
Too loud. Asked 3 times for air con to be turned off. No napkins. Main came while still eating starter. Got out as soon as we could. Will not go back. 
So screw em also it was an empty Sunday night #bigBadBillApproves #london #100Characters #hello #beer #theBeerSelectionWasActuallyQuiteGood 
We went there recently after the cinema and fancied soem traditional Austrian food. 
Ignorant or useless staff. The manager should learn some manners and how to manage staff 
We dropped in for lunch on a Saturday and both my friend and I ordered an open crab sandwich on toasted sourdough bread with avocado. 
Awful food. 
Chose the Queens due to its proximity to the RAH. A table booked, we arrived to a lovely bustling, lively pub displaying a range of good beers amongst other specialised drinks. Specials board had just three items and all three sounded tempting. Although the place was very busy our food arrived in good time. Thats when it went down hill! I had the special salt beef burger with saurkraut, three friends had the regular burgers. They were over cooked, dry and had burned crispy edges. A friend’s steak was thin and clearly overcooked. Sadly we didnt have time to send it all back and reorder, but we did advise a member of staff of our dissatisfaction. He did apologise but I’m afraid the damage was done. Wouldnt recommend!!! 
Naver back again this restaurent. Because food is very poor and dishes all tasted the same .service was very bad. 
Reheated over cooked sloppy food which was tasteless and bland , decor dated and dirty ,staff unhelpful and lazy  
Mothers Day 2015!!! This is the 1st and last time we will ever go to this restaurant!! We had been there no more than about 10 minutes before noticing they had served raw chicken on the starter buffet table (which my 7 year old son ate) we complained and it was all removed.. recooked.. then put back!! I was very put off by this and we asked to speak to a manager! The manager was exceptionally rude and without any apology said he would collect our drinks bill, we refused to pay the drinks bill as the drinks had hardly been touched. The manager then 'wrongly' accused us of previously attending the restaurant and said we had refused to pay the bill which resulted in him calling the police.... Bearing in mind this was the very 1st time we'd ever attended this restaurant.... but believe me, it will most definitely be OUR LAST!! On a good note, we did manage to find another restaurant to enjoy mothers day!! 
Just left and honestly I don’t know how you get a Butternut squash risotto and a fish and chips so wrong. Food warm at best, hardly any peas with the fish and chips and fish very small and risotto not cooked well. We ate what we could and left, awful place and all tables just cramped in against each other. AVOID or pay £40 for terrible food, you have been warned! 
And a couple of times during the night. 
We have visited this restaurant 3 times in last few weeks and our latest visit is gonna be our last as well. 
I booked ahead mentioning we were a family with a child. On arrival i was greeted with we dont allow children!!? I replied I had a booking and apparantly that was ok.After being seated I asked for a childrens menu and was told there wasnt one. I then questioned why a childrens menu is shown on their website. My reply was that head office havent taken it off yet. They have had complaints and HO apparently dont seem to care that they are luring people to their premises under false pretences. 
When visiting on a Thursday lunchtime in January I asked about the craft ale the bar tender who served me did not have enough English to answer my questions when asking if it was chilled,I acepted my pint which turned out to be almost too cold to drink.It was a very cold day, and I sat next to a radiator to warm up,after a few moments I realised that there was no heating.I inquired of an apologetic young barmaid who told me it could not be turned on as the heating was on a timer. 
STAY AWAY FROM HERE! I wouldn’t be able to recommend this pub to anyone. Chose this place for my 30th birthday Sunday roast. Our food took 1 hour and 10 minutes to arrive, at which point 4 our of our group of 7 people were served. We waited another 15 minutes then a waitress told us the oven had broken so our remaining 3 meals could not be served. The worst thing about this situation was the service. At the very least I would expect the manager or chef to apologise for the shambolic series of events, but instead they sent a waitress who had just started her shift to deliver this news. They eventually agreed to give us all our food and drink for free. But they barely even apologised. It really tainted my birthday afternoon. I would not recommend this pub to anyone! 
Food okay (starters too less) but they refuse to honor their commitment to TasteCard.They claim they have two for 1 but when we ordered two starters and two mains after checking they were doing the two for 1 - they did not apply any discount . When I requested them the owner refused to acknowledge the tastecard and said his restaurant had a special contract with Tastecard wherein if you ordered 4 starters and 4 mains only then the two for 1 would apply . Anything less and it would not apply . We had ordered two starters and two mains and ended by paying the full price as he became argumentative and refused to honor tastecard  
So disappointed. We really wanted them to do well. The new decor is lovely and that is what drew us in. We came for food and were told there wasn't any due to 'shortages'. A child using her scooter was running through the pub - parent issue I know - and the air conditioning was doing it's best to freeze us out. We asked for the air conditioning to be turned down - and were told it was for the staff?? After 3 requests it did get turned down. What a shame. We hope this is just teething problems. The staff were pleasant and we wish them good luck. 
Made a special journey from central London to visit my family’s local after recent refurb. The plan was an evening meal on the Saturday. After settling at a table we were told my the waiter that the kitchen was closed. No explanation given. This was at 8.20. We actually returned the next day in hope of sampling the menu. Only to be told the kitchen was closed yet again. This was at 3pm on a Sunday afternoon. Staff were giving customers all different reasons for the sudden unavailability of food. Although there appeared to be an abundance of staff, all tables in the garden remained uncleared. A dirty babies bib welcomed me on the bar along with wet blue napkins.  
Turned up to our newly refurbished Anchor pub with 3 of my family for Sunday lunch. Ordered a round of drinks. One was a glass of lemonade, which was flat and from a Tesco value lemonade.  
We went to this restaurant, we booked, conformed and still there was a mix up of where we were going to sit. We were told people were at our table, i will move them, not a good start.  
The food is mediocre and incredibly expensive for what it is. The schnitzel (£18) was served lukewarm and was bland and tasteless. Have eaten much better in Austria for about €5. 
Normally the food is pretty good but not on the 1st January! The lamb was so raw is couldn’t even be classified as rare! Missed items on plates with no explanation.  
If you like good service stay well away from this place, the girls behind the bar have no idea or interest in who’s to be served next or you just get totally ignored, everyone moaning about thier food not turning up or wrong orders, dogs running about in the garden doing thier business, the refurb looks fantastic unfortunately the staff are abysmal and are just not bothered ! 
The most unfriendliest of landlord and landlady, with no customer care at all. Dirty glasses were blamed on the dishwasher, which then begged the question “that needs a clean?” Food wait we experienced was35 minutes and no mention “is everything alright” plates just cleaned away. The only reason for the Pub having a few customers was because of Sky Sports showing football matches. Stay away from the Pub and the grumpy couple. 
We waited for 25 minutes without anyone coming to see us.. we complained and walked out without an apology 
Wanted to give this restaurant a try for a difference to the normal places in NW London.  
As soon as you walk in, you get hit in the nostrils by a stench of rotten frying oil. The ingredients tasted like cheap and expired, chewy and tasted like a dead mouse. I am not sure how the bagels can be even called Jerusalm's as bagels does not exist there, as well as Arabic coffee being just called a strange name on the menu. The whole menu sounded like an attempt of cultural theft rather than actual food, since the quality of ANY levantine place in London far surpasses this one's. The Falafel were over spiced and too crunchy in and out, with a taste and smell of over used oil. The bread was way too thick and covered all other tastes. would never eat there again, and would highly recommend no one ever does. 
Very disappointed with our visit today at what has been a very good venue on prior visits. 
Went yesterday for Sunday dinner, after a mix up with our table that was finally resolved ordered coffee and drinks, coffee was awful cold and very weak, returned it and the bar staff was very rude tutted and put his finger in it to see if I was telling the truth. Just as we were about to order Sunday dinner a lady came around took our menu's away and gave us new ones. No Sunday dinner they had run out !!! Ordered Chicken pie, it was horrible greasy and very little chicken, decided to go elsewhere for coffee and desert, very disappointed. 
I can't believe how bad the chicken kebab is. So dry and tastes like nothing. So disappointed with my takeaway. With so many Kebab places, I wasted my money on the worst kebab ever. The person who recommended this place has probably never tasted good food! 
Awful service. Food took an age coming and when it arrived was overcooked (all had steak of various cuts) and simply got left for too long on the pass from restaurant. Tables not cleared for 30 mins after we finished, eventually we ran out of time. 
Four of dined here and it was very bad food, rather sad as we were excited to have read the recent excellent review in a local publication. I had garlic prawns to start which were tiny prawns and in a strange, cold sauce. The 4 of us then had chicken souvlaki which was both burnt and raw in places. The accompanying rice was smothered in white pepper (by the cook, not us). We didn't say anything as we felt sorry for the waiter when he took 4 full plates away at the end of the meal. 
My wife picked up 2 cod and chips from here. When we opened them up at home the cod was greasy with slimey skin and not crisp, like the fish had been sitting there for hours ..vile!The chips were doused in grease. Inedible!  
I took my fiancé to here today because I've eaten there a few years back and believed it to be a good pub for bite to eat. 
Touted as a pub near to the Royal Albert Hall, and with good reviews, booked a table for last night ahead of going to the Carlos Acosta Classical Farewell performance. 
We chose this pub for a birthday meal before a trip to the Royal Albert Hall as it had great reviews and was nearby.A pretty pub set in mews which looked promising from the outside. On entry there was a strange smell and the small vases of completely dead flowers on every table probably did nothing to improve this. Tables were sticky and the whole place looked uncared for. Staff were crashing noisily about the place in an effort to look efficient but wait times for meals were long. The menu sounded Interesting although the descriptions of each dish were rather overlong, always a warning sign. After a long wait, two meals arrived. Then after another ten minutes the other two also arrived.they were hurled at the table rather than served. Of the four meals ordered only one was in any way adequate. Presentation & portion size were really poor, more like a starter size than a main course but given the poor quality that may have been a blessing as the meals bore no relation to the menu description. Or the photos on line. I wished I had taken some photos to post to compare the reality with the advertising.  
I have eaten at many airport hotel restaurants but this was such a disappointment mainly because of the staff incompetence. Despite not being busy the soup I ordered took 45 minutes to arrive. The people at the table next to me who arrived after I did received their soup (the same as my order) 10 minutes before me. The venison ordered medium rare arrived well done and the vegetables were overlooked. I had actually got up to leave and request the bill prior to it arriving and despite the apology of the manager and an attempt to placate me with a glass of wine this was unacceptable service all round. There were many staff looking very busy but getting very little accomplished for the 20 or so diners in the restaurant. Poorly trained service staff, a manager who did not manage, a kitchen that no one knew how to expedite and a bill that simply added insult to injury. 
I've decided to write a comment following a diner my partner and I had a few weeks ago .  
Poor maintenance you'd think this day and age we would not be facing issues with water. Late for a meeting Unknowing that they had no water in the bathroom. Called reception to be told we have a maintenance issue. As a hilton you would expect better stay away  
I have been in more Hiltons than I can count. Normally there is no question you can get a Hilton Burger or a traditional Caesar salad. Well here knock the Caesar off your wish list. The room service menu includes a traditional Caesar, romaine, Parmesan and anchovies and this restaurant menu promises all the same with chicken. I asked for not chicken and also got no Caesar dressing, a fish I did not recognize and no Parmesan. The restaurant may be fine but take this off your options for dinner.  
Yuck. 
We had a very disappointing meal at Gazette. I thought it was impossible to make garlic butter for Escargots bland but I now know differently. The baguette to mop up the butter was anaemically soft, white and un-french in either taste or appearance. The calamari risotto smelled so bad (unfresh !) that we sent it back and then had a long wait for a replacement dish (for which we were charged).The Kitchen then reported they had burned the chocolate fondant after we had waited far too long already. The bill was far too high for the low standard of cooking, long waits between courses and the lavatory (by the kitchen!) dirty and unhygienic. I wouldn’t go again. 
Slow service, rude waiter, cremated duck, no suggestion we might like a second drink. Thank goodness we had a polite waitress but management should allow free baskets of bread if cooking so slow 
So we arrived a little after 5:30. A group of 9 colleagues from a business not too far away. Seated straight away but quite a delay for drinks order, then was told only Budweiser and Guinness available, what no Cobra. Buds all round then with popadoms, and BT sports football please. Warm bottles of Budweiser served, 15 minutes later a special delivery of Cobra bottles arrived. Some time later we were still waiting for popadoms and BT Sports on the TV. Delay after delay to cut a long story short. After 8:30 we all left, satisfied? I don’t think so. I Would not recommend this place. We used to come regularly lunchtime and after work on special occasions. Will be looking elsewhere now.  
Everyone was polite, but not smiling. Had to ask for 10% as was takeaway. Food not amazing. Chicken tikka was rather hard and Dahl was way too thick.  
Went there Friday lunchtime 22/6 with a friend we ordered 2 ham ploughman's. They cost £7 each, needless to say we ask for our money back and left. The staff said they just follow orders from the brewery and half a ciabatta is all they are allowed to serve..... 
Absolute joke of a place! We ordered 8 dishes, all vegetarian, including paneer tikka masala and received chicken into a vegetarian household, and religious members of the family ate meat for the first time. Upon asking for a compensation they asked us to come and collect the correct dish without any compensation. After arguing, being hung up on twice, and a complete disregard for our family’s religious beliefs, we were then informed that any potential refund would come out of the workers salaries! Highly recommend steering well clear of this place, we received good feedback from friends but we certainly won’t be risking it happening again to us. 
Every time in persuaded to go to this pub i think it can only get better... No staff are always rude miserable,and make it feel like they are doing you a favour when they finally decide to serve you. Second time i have gone with a large group of friends for Xmas eve afternoon drinks. Half the order of drinks never appears even though charged for!!! and when it came to half hour before closing even before bell had been rung people's drinks just started to be cleared away finished or not.!!!!!  
Thinking of booking a meal here? Don't bother! 
Stopped by here with my family as I was passing. As the previous reviews were mostly positive I thought I would give it a go.  
Avoid this pub if you like good service, I was in this pub with my wife the other week and was stood at the bar for 10 minutes while the young girl serving was finishing her cigarette. I looked over to the landlady for support but she seemed far to busy sitting on her backside stuffing her face with food. When we did finally get served most of the food we wanted was out of stock....shocking place 
Shocking service! Staff were rude and it took nearly 15 minutes for them to serve me at an empty bar. Always looks like it could do with a good clean, the men's toilets in particular smell awful - which is not what you need when you're trying to sit down for a meal. If I could give less than 1 star I would. I won't be coming back here in a hurry, which is a shame, it used to have such a friendly atmosphere - staff were always helpful and looked like they actually wanted to be there - which is more than I can say for the staff now. 
After a lovely peaceful walk around Kensington and Hyde park, we stumbled across this pub due to it being in close proximity to the Iraqi Embassy (fact). As we walked in, we order 2 pints and a wine. The wine was disgusting. Smelt and tasted like vinegar. Anyway, as I approached the man at the bar who was easily old enough to be my great grandfather - he only had two buttons buttoned up showing his hairy yet exceptionally disgusting chest and a quiff that extremely receding - he was extremely obnoxious and ridiculed our complaint claiming 'well what do you expect when you only buy the house wine'.  
Half hearted greeting on arrival in between staff talking amongst themselves and to friends on another table, who were only other people in restaurant. Had to flag waiter down for a drink and for our order. Chicken tikka starter was bland and flavourless so needed lashings of additional sauces in an attempt to liven it up, which they didn't.  
The bar staff are HONESTLY the rudest I have ever encountered. 
Very greasy an unappealing. Very basic fare. Not really to my tastes as very greasy. I have eaten authentic Indian food from friends and it is nothing like this. 
This is one of the local pubs in my area and in all honesty is a nice pub,foods average at times but ok for what it is and drinks are fine and well stocked, but for everyone's sake to make everyone's day/evening a nice one the managers need to cheer the hell up when serving the public who pay your wages and put money in the till!!! Miserable attitude was being kind to them both and anything seems a chore and mission for them!! Try and smile bit of customer care and be just a little bit happy or pretend to be at least if you can't and it will be so much nicer to come to the bar and see a little smile or hold a conversation yes??? 
I haven't been the blue anchor for a while. Thought we'd give it another try has its local to me. The pub is shabby. Chairs with holes in. Tables look like they need replacing. The garden could be with a lot of tlc. Cigarette ends every where (no ash trays) the ground is uneven wouldn't recommend it if you had problems walking. The manager wasn't very friendly. Very miserable. The other staff where really friendly. On the plus side the food was really good. But hasn't made me want to go back in a hurry. It's a shame because it's in a good location could get a lot more custom with a lick of paint. New furniture. And a happier manager. 
Visited the pub with my disabled brother last Friday and was disappointed with the owners of the pub who should not be running a pub they are probably the most miserable rudest people I ever seen run a pub 
If you are looking for a warm, welcoming pub with good service, beer and food then avoid this place like the plague!!! 
The food was awful stuff is not that great atmosphere not very good not a place for family's and seeing cats been brought down to the bar not some where I would eat 
Visited the Pub Thursday Night, service very poor, landlord and customers drunk and leering at my daughter. 
Been here a few times and every time I say I won't go back as the food was poor. Even so my wife and I popped in to give it a try on a Tuesday evening as its local. Looked promising as seemed quite busy (quiz night). Up to the bar and waited and waited, Looked to the left to a group howling over their darts match. Look to the left to a group lads standing watching football and then behind to watch a little lad trying to grab a fluffy toy from a large glass domed matchine which would be better placed in an arcade in Blackpool. So forget the food and forget the Anchor let's go. Shame as it's a nice building and local to where we live. 
Went in to this pub, our local, for a new year's drink with our next door neighbours who kindly treated us to lunch while we were there. I had chicken and ribs, and my wife had steak and chicken. It can only be described as very poorly cooked. The chicken was overcooked, and the ribs came as a solid dry lump. Awful. My wife's steak was a strange shaped hard wedge of beef that was difficult to cut with the cutlery available, and equally difficult to chew. Chips were undercooked and unappealing. Also disappointed that there was just one non-lager ale available...Doom Bar, even though we were told some time ago that the pub would be stocking a more interesting range. Yes of course we can go somewhere else (like the nearby Three Blackbirds which has the exact same food menu but with cheaper prices) but wouldn't it be good if our local was a better place to just pop into? Hoping this review triggers some improvements...  
Awful service and incredibly rude manager. If doing the hidden tour I would advise to move swiftly on to the next pub. Will not be returning 
We wanted to get some food before going out for the evening and we were really let down! The pub from the outside looked nice apart from the flashing light bulb advertising their pub! Entering the pub it just looked a mess! All the walls needed re-painting, the sofas had chunks missing out of them!! (Why would you keep them)! It was just a let down really that made us think do we want to eat in here! So at the bar ordered two drinks and said can I pay for them in a bit when we order some food and they said yes, then come back and say that's £7.95 so clearly didn't get what I said and unfortunately that summed it up with the staff! Went to the toilet and it was disgusting! I say no more! The entire pub was once a really well maintained pub and now is completely run down and I wouldn't go back which is really sad to say! Another thing is that in the menus they had scribbled out what they don't do anymore which again is easily fixable and just shows the standards there! However on the plus side they allow dogs in there which is nice as we have a dog but the place just needs a good refurb and some standards put in place! Sorry for the bad review but hopefully your do something about it!  
It's a shame really because this could be a really nice place. Unfortunately the staff are rude and the food is terrible. The food took ages to come and when it did it was not worth the wait! It's in a nice location but the new management haven't got a clue how to run a pub/restaurant. Don't waste your time or money in this place. 
I was so loooking forward to a takeaway curry after studying all day. 
Found a large chunk of meat in the Vegetable Biriani. Disgusting. Argued about the refund. Dirty kitchen which i saw through the door, rude staff. 
Went in to the Anchor on Saturday lunchtime for a couple of drinks and a bite to eat with my wife. Unfortunately this was not enjoyable as there were loads of kids running round, screaming and shouting, moving furniture around and running in and out of the toilets. The staff were unconcerned about this and when I raised my objection, was physically threatened by one of the fathers. Not what we had in mind at all. If you are a fan of Jeremy Kyle, you'll love this place. No objections to kids but the should be kept under control. It's a pub not a playground! 
We sat down here with 3 adults and a bunch of kids after a great concert at RAH. What a disappointment. Had to wait long at the bar to order (staff not paying attention) and then it took 45 minutes for the food to arrive. Fish & chips were good but sirloin was charred, basically inedible. So were the potatoes. The steaks were supposed to come with fries which they forgot. When we reminded the staff we got one portion. Probably we should have sent the dishes back but the kids were tired and had waited long enough already. Given the variety of reviews it appears one needs some luck when going to this place (if at all). 
We went for dinner as we're going away tomorrow so I emptied the fridge completely. Our first choice were not serving food any more so we went to the anchor. 
We went to the blue anchor for a roast dinner as our first choice had stopped serving food.  
This pub is a fantastic potential. It looks lovely from the outside. Many years ago this was a lovely family pub and it still could be. If this pub closed, I would be heart broken. I can only comment on the food, but it's terrible! Although the staff are not rude, the standard and presentation could be better. This restaurant needs to be on "Gordon Ramsey's Nightmare restaurants!" Please please listen to the reviews. Change the menu, change the quality, because quite frankly the whole package is awful and I so want this pub to be a success.  
The people are nice the manger is rude the chairs are falling apart the sofa has got stuffing coming out of it 
Second visit.  
We have been going to Gazette for family birthday lunches/dinners since it opened. In September, it was my niece's 9th birthday and her Grandparents were visiting. Where do I start???? We arrive and a girl takes our drinks order. I asked for a vodka martini with an olive and she said that they didn't do martini's (the table next to us were drinking espresso martinis...). Having had excellent martinis there in the past, I told her that she was wrong. Anyhoo, the vodka martini arrived with a twist of lemon. Sent it back and when I got the drink I had asked for, it tasted a bit weird. 2 other drinks orders that came out were wrong as well. The starters come out and 2 of us had the foie gras and it came with cinnamon toast - huh??? When we asked to change this to brioche (which is what was on the menu) we were told that they had run out of brioche and this was all they had. They should have told us up front that there was no brioche and whomever was in charge obviously did not have the nouse to go the supermarket a minute's walk away to get brioche or baguette. We ended up with some stale baguette. As we complained and sent our orders back, the chef decided to delay making our main courses. An hour later having waited for our main courses, my elderly parents left and my niece had had NO food at all - her order was pan fried sea bass and chips. When the mains did come out, they were sub par. After all this, at least they did bring my niece a piece of apple tart with a candle in it and didn't charge us for that. We found out that it was under new ownership since we were last there in March. We will not be going back, which is a shame as we really loved the place. 
I ordered ham and eggs at the till and was shout at that they don't have.  
Booked a table. Our table was given away. Ordered 3 burgers and they took over 40mins to arrive at which point they were so overcooked they were almost inedible 
This place used to be epic.. the mussels and duck where a particular favourite. My family live around the corner and we regularly popped in. Was a favourite in Putney and low key. Then they closed for refurb and I went along for lunch with a friend and I am so disappointed. Firstly sat outside and they have changed their seats.. to incredibly cheap ones, no cushions, which makes it virtually impossible to sit comfortably because of the slant on the road. (Yes I know the slant hasn’t changed.. but we always sat outside on the old seats and there was no issue!) Secondly, waited a while to be seated and the waiter just could not be arsed to be there, I said I’d like to sit outside and he mumbled.. “fine” whilst looking depressed. Oh boy was I excited to be served and spend time ordering from this guy! So we sat outside and this guys bad service continued.. I asked for a white wine and he brought a red wine.. duh. But these things happen so I thought oh well I just have red.. then I looked in the glass and it was dirty.. had a residue on the wine. I promptly informed him (the waiter) who didn’t say sorry just mumbled and took the glass away.. he returned.. wine was obviously the same wine.. a new glass.. much less wine than previously.. and still residue. He had obviously just poured some out and then into a new glass. I took one look and I asked him, “Would you drink this?” Come on! We stood up and left and went to eat lunch else where. What a disappointing experience. Is there new management? What’s happened to this place!! You guys spent ages refurbing and it looks worse!! The menu is worse is now limited. Even the staff look like they hate working there! I’ve told family and friends what happened and to avoid!! Another Putney gem gone. 
Possibly the worst mussels I have ever tasted. Flavourless and gritty. The burger ordered by one of our party also left a lot to be desired and the frites for everyone tasted like they had been reheated. 
Women’s toilets were absolutely appalling, some random lady was asked to leave by the landlord because she asked the landlady about the toilets and had her head bitten off. My wife was absolutely gobsmacked with the state of the toilets and after how this lady had been spoke to my wife came and informed me.  
I ordered a hommous and falafel wrap and asked for a little bit of chilli sauce. The wrap can with no hommous at all and completely covered in very hot chilli sauce. My friend had a baked potato that was uncooked - she took it back and the bar staff were having a loud and aggressive argument. Not a good spot for my 50th birthday lunch. 
Please do not bother with this pub. It looks the part from outside but I have to say it’s the worst food I’ve been served up for a long time. I ordered half roast chicken and chips. I have never had such a small half chicken in my life. And it was so over cooked it was like eating my shoe. My husbands ‘Hunters Chicken’ was burnt and like rubber. I ordered my granddaughter a smarties ice cream but changed the ice cream flavour from strawberry to vanilla as she doesn’t like strawberry. When it arrived, vanilla ice cream as requested but it was covered in strawberry sauce. I called a member of staff over and said really sorry but she doesn’t like strawberry and that was why I asked for vanilla. To which she came back with it could take about 20 mins to get a new one as we are realty busy now also the sundae comes with strawberry sauce. Furious I looked at the menu and there was no mention of strawberry sauce. So angry, so bloody rude. Decided this pub could be so good, lovely position, lovely area but run by ignorant children. We definitely won’t be going back and I advise everyone else to give it a wide berth  
Over crowded, lack of seats rude waitor who barged into people when serving food, dirty tables and bar staff who do not work the bar and ignored us on five occasions by two members of staff despite us being next. This was a simple lunchtime trade and biased service meant we went elsewhere 
Just a simple steak and chips with a glass of red, what could possibly go wrong. Well the waiter struggled to take the order to start with. It then became apparent that the ribeye steak didn't come with anything!!! Chips extra! Burnt green beans also extra. 
The general manager is rather rude, it is vastly understaffed and one particular employee had a personal hygiene problem, not what you want in a food and drink establishment.. 
The place is run like a factory. The food and drinks are overpriced, and one of the bartenders had strange aggressive behaviour towards us for no reason at all. I do not recommend, there are better places to go in the area. Do not waste your time and money there. 
RUDE SUPERVISOR ON 27th December 2019. 
Overcooked lobster. Complained - manager got annoyed. Poor service, average food - stay away! 
My friends and I went here to celebrate a birthday with drinks and lunch. The space is great - light, airy, nice wooden tables, but the experience was otherwise seriously disappointing. Our food took between half an hour and an hour and a quarter to arrive, so we ended up eating at very different times to each other despite having ordered together. The food was also very basic, in fact just very bland cafeteria-level meals, served with stale bread and soggy lettuice salads. (The only exception was the mac & cheese which was pretty good - if you really have to go to this pub, then I would order that). The most striking thing of all was the staggeringly rude service: when the second soup came (half an hour after the first) and like the first had really stale bread we finally said something, but were dismissively told it wasn't stale, it was 'toasted'. Given the 'toasted' bread was stone cold and soft-stale, this was not a convincing explanation. Finally, the two best beers (Sierra Neveda and Landlord) were off, so the beer selection advertised on the website was misleading. 
 During our lunchtime visit today whilst commenting that the area was cold due to a through draught from front to back door-I was met with an indifferent shrug and the happy snappy comeback was "what do you want me to do about it" by Molly the landlady. After 35 years of visiting this pub for lunch/dinner I will never ever set foot in the place again. The atmosphere she created was as ice cold as the pub. There was also repeated petulant slamming of the back door which ushered us out quickly-strange way to run a business!  
The outside dining of the Urban Meadow Cafe has open access from the street at two points of entry which are left unmanned and no security. As a result whilst dining, our table got approached by professional beggars asking for money as we ate, and my sisters phone got stolen. No staff/waiters were outside to manage this situation. Upon informing the manager, he was unsurprised by this incident stating ‘that’s London for you’. Apart from an apology, no form of compensation or even being hospitable by offering a drink, whilst my sister had to cancel her cards and speak to the police was given. A restaurant aware of petty crime within the neighbourhood should have preventative measures. It is disgraceful that within their facilities and hospitality, that beggars are enabled through their lack of security to just ambush tables as their customers eat. It’s not London for you, it’s bad management and lack of customer care for you! 
Afternoon tea is seen as a special treat. I have had many, this is the worst experience from the noisy cafe to the minuscule portions.  
Having stopped for a drink with my partner who asked for a Bacardi and coke the bar tender put ice in the drink we said no ice she took all the ice out of the glass with a spoon and most of the Bacardi we asked for another one in place and she refused not s place for a welcome. Keep away.  
Honestly don’t know where to start... visited for lunch, around half the tables were taken and plenty of staff on hand but still waited 15 minutes for a menu, then a further 10 minutes for our order to be taken. Having selected a bottle of wine after a ridiculously long wait we were given two glasses of wine, when informing the drinks Waiter of the error were looked at and treated as though we were mistaken! It then took a further 10 minutes to correct the problem and for us to finally have a drink! The food was average at best, and we were clearly being given a wide berth by the waiting staff for having asked for our original order. The food is average at best with vastly inflated prices on the wine. When we finally finished our meal and asked for the bill it was incorrect, and actually the bill for the next table, ours when finally delivered was also wrong as charged us for two bottles and two glasses of wine when we had only ever received one bottle half way through our main course. There is a vast selection of fine eateries in the vicinity so please don’t choose this establishment as they have absolutely no interest or care for their clientele. 
On arriving to enjoy our booked afternoon tea I visited the ladies cloakroom to wash my hands. In there was a notice that afternoon tea was available for £20 per person. We had prepaid using red letter days, and had been charged £54, so this was not a good sign. We handed our voucher to the waitress and she was quite officious and clear we had no Prosecco which we knew and agreed. Our drinks arrived, shortly followed by a very small selection of sandwiches and cakes. So small we actually left hungry and at no time were we offered more. The crockery was also a little suspect on cleanliness, especially the milk jug that looked like it had previously contained hot milk, rather than the cold milk I required for my tea. I was exceedingly disappointed. I’ve had afternoon tea in many places around the world and the UK. This was a gift, so I do know the price was not the highest, but it was for what we got, and after seeing the offer on the ladies room door, why we we charged so much more. I left feeling ripped off. 
Not being a regular of The Angel and just having returned from a stint abroad, I dropped in for a beer. As being short of cash and as a number of other people arrived (as there is now no banks in Thames Ditton), I paid for the round of drinks by Debit card. As I didn’t put my glasses on, I simply typed in my PIN number to the hand held cash machine given to me by the bar staff member, without being able to properly read what the barmaid had entered. So my own stupid fault. Whereas, because of the chance of fraudulent use, we’re all reminded to regularly check our Credit Cards, but as I regard a Debit card payment, (almost), as cash, I didn’t think anything else of the payment for a while. Because of other priorities, I didn’t check my bank statement for a few months, only to find that I had been overcharged, by a substantial amount, for the round of drinks at the Angel. On recognising that I had been charged over £100 for a round of drinks, which, for 4 or 5 people, should have been between £15-£20, I phoned the Angel. On speaking to the assistant manager, he informed me that there had been another occurrence similar to this, but that I would have to speak, directly, to, Mike, the publican(who wasn’t around at that time). Being again back from abroad and local, I said that I would drop by with the receipt, to show the date and the amount. 
This restaurant was the best french cuisine my partner and i had ever experienced, so we would go there on a weekly basis. However, the last two times have been terrible, not just unaccepible , but, terrible. We ever decided to give them a second chance and booked for chistmas day ! what a waste of money , the food was cold and looked like it came from iceland. The waitresses, however, were wonderful and could not be more professional. Its a shame it has gone so down hill. 
With high expected reviews was served by an Italian waiter who couldn't understand us, he has to come to our table three times to confirm our order. Drinks was delayed as we waited very long time. Food was okay, even though I got a wrong order.  
We visited on Valentine’s Day. The service was slow. The food cold. Took forever for the food to arrive. Staff avoided eye contact in order to avoid serving us. Food clearly bland and traditional Chinese food.  
The pub itself is a lovely cute little place, but that's really where it ends. 
Went with a friend, just ordered tea but they also gave us baklawa which seemed complimentary but ended up charging us 13 pounds just for tea and that sweet which we did not order. Won't be going again. 
Rude staff, especially Indian restaurant manager. Been waiting for 15min with staff ignoring us and no one came over to say there is a wait to be seated. Once this restaurant manager came over he spoke to us in a rude manner without apologising for the wait. And he said that there is another 20min wait to order even a drink. And the restaurant was half empty. Dont go there. Waste of time and unbelievably rude staff!!! 
The food is so bland...crispy beef is all crisp and no beef! prawns were soggy and the chicken satay was hard and tasted sour! A total waste of good earned money. If you want a decent takeaway go to the Prosperity in Cranham! 
We were there today having a Groupon voucher, which I presented on arrival. The waitress refused to serve us and insisted we have to pay more. However, she was not able to explain what for - we haven't even ordered food, just arrived.The communication didn't progress too much - she just repeated "you have to pay more", "you have to pay more". Thanks God, another waitress took care of us.  
The pub itself is great. I had the sticky toffee pudding with salted caramel ice cream for pudding. The taste was vile. The ice cream was so salty that I actually was sick 3 times within 5 mins of eating it. I brought this to the attention of the bar maid who couldn’t have cared less and said my table was the first to complain (three of us gagged within seconds of tasting the ice cream). It tasted like I was eating a mound of salt. If this is the attitude I will get if I need to complain in the future I will never eat here again. Vile vile vile. 
Visited here and sat down for a coffee first which was bitter weak and warm. 
The staff in this place were so rude! When I rung up to book I was asked how long I would be because they are not holding the table long and I would have to be off in an hour. We decided to still go despite feeling rushed and unwelcome. When we got there we was sat at a wonky table and asked to move, the waiter grudgingly moves us across to another one whilst sighing and looking like it was such an effort and inconvenience. We was given menus and within the space of 10 minutes we was asked 4 times if we was ready yet, we hadn't even had a chance to look! We then decided to drink the drinks and pay for them and go. When we paid for drinks and said we wasn't going to eat the 'manager' or as he claimed to be, rudely asked ' oh was the menu to expensive for you's then'. RUDE STAFF, PUSHY WAITERS! Never will go back or recommend to anyone. 
Very disappointed . Went to Peking Garden at 12:00 today, Sunday, for buffet lunch. Turned away as ', most people don't eat until 1:00 pm' . Offered to come back at 1:00 or a la carte, but wanted buffet. Pointed out that on info on front door and online says open at 12:00. Excuse given , ' we want food to be hot for everyone'. Why can't they just be honest and say they don't open until 1:00 now for buffet. So sorry as have always had good food and good service but Izumi's at Brentwood next time!! 
I was part of a large party and some of the other reviewers have said this place is not good when busy. I had steak tartare which was awful. I knew it was not going to be good when it was prepared by the waitress at the table rather than by a chef. Just because its raw does not mean it does not need to be prepared properly, getting this dish right is all about the seasoning. When the waitress chucked all the ingredients in a bowl at table side I knew it was not going to be good. What I got was a chewing tangy mess which tasted overwhelmingly of Lee & Perrins. What this was indicative of is a restaurant which has a focus on style and experience over serving actually good food. Several of the group had steak and it was very inconsistent, those ordering medium had a bloody mess while those who asked for rare had charred leather. One of the group was not charged for there main course and there were several other who suffered in silence wanting to avoid causing a fuss. 
First visit to this restaurant. Average food, small portions. The restaurant itself needs updating - dirty walls and carpet. Don't even bother ask any off set meals - total rip off. Ridiculously expensive for what you get! Was fooled by good reviews but very disappointed and will never come back again.  
Used to go there a lot. Used to spend a lot of money there. I used to think they just treat new customers like crap and it would get better with time : it never did. It only got worse. The staff is disgraceful, disrespectful and lazy. Ordered £80 worth of shots on a plate. I was a bit tipsy, so I asked them if they would very kindly help me with the plate so it wouldn't drop on the floor as it's a lot of money on there; answer from the staff was " I'm a bartender not a waiter, get the plate yourself ". What kind of service is this? Bunch of arrogant people who have no respect for returning customers. That was my last day there and promised myself I would never go there again nor give them a single penny. It's a shame; the backyard garden is beautiful and quiet, perfect in summer. What a waste of a good location. Looking forward to a change of staff. 
Been here several times before, always had a decent meal, but tonight was awful. From the moment we arrived, we were rushed, our starters came out literally 2 minutes after we had ordered. The worst post was when we questioned one of our dishes, the waitress actually started having a go at us, in front of other tables. Will not go back.  
I'm visited the Peking Garden last night with my family ,for my daughter birthday was the worst place I'm have been for dinner. Since I'm arriving the door the asked me to help myself with the menu. Before we get table the asked for drinks. The food was horrible !!! the staff didn't now how to explain the menu probably .I'm never come back then the bill was £95.50 was worst this money 
We used to go to this pub at least 3 days a week after work, but since a while its always getting more unfriendly and the food is a joke. I ate there many times (because I was forced due to meetings or leaving lunches). The food was never good and always overpriced, but recently it got worse. On after-work drinks we mostly get some cheese-ciabatta and chips with cheese. This was the only acceptable food they made. But now we repeatedly got burned chips and ciabatta. Yesterday we go a completely black ciabatta without any cheese. Also the chips always get smaller and with less cheese. I don't understand this, we are very regular customers and leave a lot of money there... The Hughie disrespect we get in return is just ridiculous! Their only luck is the missing alternatives in the area. But if you have to go there: don't expect too much welcoming atmosphere and DO NOT EAT. 
Been here many times for takeaway and dinner on special occasions food normally good hence come here for birthdays etc but tonight the kitchen couldn't be bothered for a regular  
Nice atmosphere, which made me think food would be of equal standard. To my big frustration, my spinach salad and my apple tart were both perfectly...microwaved and my risotto below acceptable.  
We had a table reserved for about 2pm on Saturday afternoon. We had chosen the restaurant because my friend had a good experience before and it said it was dog friendly. We arrived and were told we could only sit outside on the patio (because of the dog) which isn't what we wanted.  
This place is trying hard to pretend it's an authentic French restaurant but it isn't. It's an ersatz parody of the real thing modelled on a concept forty years out of date.  
we were in gazette putney for the valentine's day menu (first time and would be last time, too). after read so many positive review of this place, i thought perhaps we came here for the wrong time.  
We went to this establishment for brunch. We were completely ignored for 15 minutes and finally a member of staff brought menus. A further 15 mins later our order was taken. The waiter didn’t write down our order and as a consequence when it arrived it was wrong. My friends ordered eggs with bacon, not smoked salmon. It was obvious that they had simply removed the smoked salmon and replaced it with bacon as they could taste the smoked salmon which was disgusting. The orange juice most definitely was not freshly squeezed. My poached eggs were stone cold and had clearly been cooked a good while earlier. Combined with the appalling service and laziness of the staff, this is a place to avoid at all costs. There was no paper in the ladies ‘ toilets and when I informed the receptionist, she rudely advised that she had already been informed. I usually avoid Hilton establishments and will continue to do so in future. 
This restaurant has got two types of shark fin soup on its menu, I am disgusted that a restaurant here in the uk can get away with this. For those who don't know, thousands of sharks are killed for there fins every year, they are caught, have there fins chopped off, then thrown back into the sea to drown. By selling shark fin soup this restaurant is part of something barbaric, and should be held accountable for its actions.  
The restaurant has a very nice outdoor seating setup, but other than that is quite disappointing. Food and drinks were both terrible as well as extremely slow service. Our waiter got three different things in our order wrong. My cocktail was disgustingly sweet. When I took it up to the bar to ask them to put some extra lime juice in it to maybe balance it out, I noticed one woman behind the bar wearing a "restaurant supervisor" name tag. She heard me tell the bartender that the drink was way too sweet and didn't even look up at me, let alone attempt to help remedy the situation. The rest of the food was also way below average- we took a few bites and left. There are too many good places in the area to waste your time here. 
Decided to eat here as we were staying in the hotel and were tired from travelling. Bad choice. First it took 20 min to even get the attention of a waiter to order some food, then the food never even arrived. We sat and waited for over 1.5 hours for our steaks to arrive. We left as we were done waiting. Terrible service 
The only adjective I can think of for my experience in Gazette Putney is DISGUSTING. Both me and my partner love French food so we yesterday we decided to try this restaurant. The menu was uninspiring and I took some time deciding what to choose. First warnning was when my partner asked for french fries instead of the boiled broken potatoes that came with the skate and the waiter said was not possible because the plates are already prepared. Then came the wine which a waiter opened the bottle as a Coca-Cola. Nothing against that if I buy a cheap wine in the corner shop, but for 38 quid the bottle sure I want to hear a pop. The food we ordered was Scargots and mussels for starters, duck and skate as main course. The food was cold, bland and with a foul aftertaste. MICROWAVE FOOD. 
Upon arriving at this restaurant, we waited for about five minutes in the doorway before a member of staff finally came over and showed us to a table. A waiters came over to take our drinks order,after 30 minuets and her standoffish attitude made us feel uncomfortable straight away. 'Service with a smile' is clearly a phrase unheard by the wait staff here. We waited for our food for 1 hour still they got the order wrong. Asked to complain to manager who told us ordered to much we need to wait longer and as we were leaving told us not to come back again wow great service 
We went to this restaurant based on its good reviews but were extremely disappointed. it was a lovely evening so we wanted to sit outside for dinner only to be told we were too late to sit outside and would have to eat inside, we agreed but wanted to enjoy a drink outside and asked if they could reserve us a window seat inside only to be told they couldn't and we would have to move now if we wanted that table. we then waited and waited for our food when we asked about it they proceeded to bring out our mains before we had even had our sharing platter starter. I understand that mistakes happen but they weren't busy and didn't even apologise, all we got was a shrug and the comment " dunno I did put the order through".  
My friend took me here for afternoon tea for my birthday. It’s in a great location but they could make more of an effort to keep their outside seating area clean. The food was good, the sandwiches were fresh, the tea and prosecco were lovely. What really let things down and the reason for one star is the service. The staff were incredibly slow. We were initially seated outside but after 20 minutes nobody came to serve us so we had to go to the counter ourselves (they then told us that they do take orders at tables). One waitress in particular (I think her name was Ellie) was incredibly rude, she walked away from us when we were still ordering! They tried to charge us extra for extra sandwiches after the fact. I will never be going there again for any meal or drink. 
We came in for just a tea and a coffee.  
I have been on a Saturday afternoon with a big group friends for afternoon tea and coffee. Some of them had to leave early, and they paid on their way out but no receipt has been given to them. When the rest of us were about to leave and after paying our drinks we have been told by a rude sort Asian employee of the cafe that 4 of the drinks has not been payed. This was not the first time that this happened on this specific cafe. We explained to him that everyone paid but he insisted. He was very rude and unprofessional . We paid twice for the drinks at the end. What a way for some people to make extra money! 
l paid £4 for a bottle of beer [£8 a pint] and ordered 5 dishes for a grand total of £40. 
Not busy evening, arrived early 7.15pm hungry ordered straight away, still waiting  
A very unpleasant evening that ruined a birthday party. 
The main reason I decided to buy a voucher for the Urban Cafe is because of its affiliation with the Hilton brand.  
We were staying at the doubletree by Hilton (which is attached to urban meadow) - had an amazing dinner with family on Baker Street but thought we’d finish the night off at our hotel with one last drink. How wrong we were!!! £19.98 for a warm lager and gin and tonic! Have been drinking in central London all weekend for less than £13. It’s outrageous, adding insult to injury the lady behind the bar took 5 mins to serve us after finding every job under the sun todo before helping. Terrible, will never come back. 
Two days ago, I had one of the most incredible experience in this café. I had a meeting, around 11 am, the café was hardly busy. 
Hi I Ordered delivery from German donor and the driver brought the wrong food then went back to get the food and never came back to get my food back to me and no apologies absolutely nothing Never ordering food from German donor again and bloody no one picks up the phone when you call them 
Right from the start it was disappointing. Couldn’t find our reservation and only gave us drinks menus, we had to ask for food menus. When starters did eventually arrive after 40 mins they only gave us 2 out of the 3 that were ordered. The third one clearly was not even prepared. We were given our side order of fries instead, which were ordered to be eaten with our main mean. When I spoke to a member of staff he said it was because there are 4 different cooking stations in the kitchen and would be ready soon. After 20 mins still no starter. At this rate we would be getting our main meal before the other starter. The other starters were also not as described on the menu. We left and went somewhere else for food. 
There are lots of Korean restaurants in New Malden, the food is all pretty much the same (we’ve tried all of them and there’s no stand out one, they are all pretty good) but I will never go back to Yami.....Why? Because they are so rude and grumpy. I don’t see why I should pay good money for such rubbish service when I can walk 50 yards in either direction and give me money to people who appear to actually want the business, are nice to you and can serve you an identical menu. 
This is not the luxury afternoon tea experience you would have at one of the nicer London hotels. The clue is in the word 'cafe' and I got the distinct impression the sandwiches had probably been made the day before we arrived. The environment was noisy and our waiter looked unkempt. Not a good experience at all! 
Ever since we discovered Yami around 5 years ago, we have been loyal customers. We have taken our family and our friends here and introduced everyone to the delights of this wonderful, authentic Korean restaurant.  
There stuff and food very dirty stuff disrespectful toilet dirty stuff so rude with customer i say they so rude with rider ubereats and deliveroo 
I was excited about this new place in Kingston. I saw a Facebook ad. I haven’t tried any of their dishes so I can’t comment on them. I just went for a milk bubble tea. I was excited to have found a local place rather than going to Soho for a bubble tea. I’m sad to say it tasted really horrible. I really couldn’t drink it. It tasted like a cold version of a regular English breakfast tea that I could have done at home myself. Only that it was way too sweet. Tasted like sweet condensed milk. Sticky. And it wasn’t cold. There were hardly any tapioca pearls in it. They don’t have a bubble tea machine nor any of the equipment required.So they can’t shake the tea properly and they can’t seal it with a plastic lid. They just stir it. Please you shouldn’t call it a bubble tea because this is not a bubble tea. It doesn’t follow the original Taiwanese recipe. Not recommended at all. Disappointing. Poor. 
Poor food. Wrong order. Long wait. Over priced. Chicken and cous cous thing was awful.... and!! @ £15 when you ordered the duck was annoying, but then to add insult to injury, out comes the tiny joke sized portion of insultingly unloved chicken and the cous cous was blander than cardboard (and dry). Who can't cook cous cous? 
Food was hard and dry. Could smell weed from staff that worked there. Ordered donor box with extra meat and I got less meat than the normal donor box. My friends didn’t enjoy their food chips were cold they had to change and re do the food 3 times. Bad service bad food rate it 1 star 
I ate here on a Saturday lunch hour recently. 
For our stay in London, we purchased a dinner package that included nightly dinner at Urban Meadow. The first night, our dining experience lasted almost 3 hours due to the inattentiveness of our server. This would have been okay had the food been decent, but the entrees were all terrible - the hamburger was over-cooked, the risotto was soggy and the fish (mackerel) was inedible. At least the dessert - cheesecake and a cheese plate were good. Additionally, no one in the restaurant seemed to know anything about the dinner package with the hotel, so we spent quite a bit of time trying to explain the fact that we had dinner included in our room price. The next few nights transpired the same way and so my husband and I gave up on the dinner and decided to go elsewhere and pay for dinner. Others in our group did not want to waste the money they had pre-paid on dinner and continued to visit the restaurant; however, based on their statements, neither the food nor the service improved. I would not recommend the Doubletree's dinner package nor would I recommend this restaurant.  
I visited the Urban Meadow for lunch with my girlfriend. What a disappointment, food was sub standard. The cleaner was hoovering the restaurant whilst we were waiting for our lunch. The chips we had with our lunch was terrible, it was old chips mixed with new chips. The ketchup and mayonnaise were budget branded. The mac & cheese had no flavour. I would not recommend this place to my family or friends nor to my enemy. 
I will start by saying that the only reason they got a 1 was because the food was good.  
Went there on a Sunday . Very busy place .  
I Wish I Could Give Them 0 Stars. It’s Getting Worse Every time, Kebab Taste is Bland, Wrap Size is Shrinking More, Onion Rings Taste Like From Supermarkets That You Buy From The Shelf & Cook At Home, Drinks are Expensive, And Everything is Overpriced, See Pictures. Worse Visit Every Time. Unbelievable Guys !! Trust Me !! 
absolute cold rubbish real waste of money better off buying a petrol station sandwich 
Just had 2 soft drinks and chips. Waited 15 minutes or more for some sweet potato fries. Service is slow and half of the waiters are doing nothing. 
Came with family, ordered a large round of coffees and waited forever. Decided not to bother eating as if the coffees took 25 mins to arrive then how long would food take? The restaurant was extremely quiet so no excuse. The waitress and waiter were very friendly but the guys behind the bar didn't seem at all bothered when I went up to enquire what the wait was all about. Coffees came cold, got no apology when I took them back to be reheated. Management need to get on the ball with this place. The one star is for the waiter and waitress who served us. Thank you.  
Not the best by any means around the area for Korean. Everything was either overcooked or not well prepared. Definitely a miss. 
We have been to this Korean restaurant before and was expensive but was ok.and this was the second time and the last ! Really disappointed with all the food . We ordered BBQ pork belly , beef short rib and ox tongue. usually wrap with lettuce, but we have to pay for lettuce! Soup were tasteless! Glass noodles were the worse ever! Poor ! Poor ! Poor! Not going back again! 
The food is terrible, £35 hot pot is the worst Korean hot pot i have ever had. Food is either too sweet and too salty.  
Food were overpriced and average. Many much better options along the high street. Waiting staff will hurry you away as soon as you say you do not want any dessert. 
Korean restaurants serve rice in small stainless steel bowls with a matching lid. This lid keeps the rice warm until served and eaten by the customer but can also be used as a secondary "mini-plate" for side dishes. 
Booked afternoon tea for my parents anniversary. They received absolutely disgusting service. Tea delivered 1 hour late. Coffee served overfilled and waiter spilled drinks on my father. Served chicken sandwiches when I specified they are non-meat eaters upon reservation. Would not recommend to anyone! 
I booked via the restaurants booking system last Saturday for a table this evening (04/05/2019) when booking online it does say a confirmation email or a call will happen from the restaurant, 7 days later, today I had a call saying about the booking, I explained that I emailed them last evening to cancel as I had not heard from them at all, they have no idea about customer service, and I am sure they will loose so much business because of this !! 
The waiters are extremely selective in how they approach people; incredibly unprofessional as they often try to blank people they dont like 
I cannot believe all those 5 * reviews. It always has been alright-ish. We usually went there with friends who want to come to New Malden by train and the place is very conveniently located or Sunday lunch time as Jingogae is closed. Their service varies between ok and bearable. The food is also good-ish - nothing memorable. I felt I had enough yesterday. The service was terrible. I don't wanna go on and on about their service so I won't detail my last - yes it will be my last, experience at Yami. I will just go to Jingogae where I get consistently satisfied and will not have Korean lunch on Sunday from now on. 
So far i have been to many k restaurant and this one was the worst ever. Didn't like it food tasted disaster,expensive and slow service.  
Awful experience,poor service,unfriendly staff,  
Very Poor service, awful place not worth going there,lazy staff  
We got charged twice for our order as the man who took the order didn’t tell the bar lady that the ordered food had been paid for and unfortunately my partner who was collecting the order paid again!!! He ordered a drink while he waited and the bar lady couldn’t get his order correct!!! The table where he sat was dirty and it was not as if they were busy! Management is not doing a good job. However i was promised a phone call back about the refund and three hours later I had to call back and was advised that he has managed to text the financial person and he will sort out my refund! In the past although the takeaway menu says free delivery up to 3miles Panna’s charged me extra to deliver when I stay 2.6 miles away. 
Once a year we have dinner as a family to celebrate the Hindu New Year Diwali, this year we decided to go to Panna's and I have never had a worst experience.  
I just had my 50 birthday dinner there last night and was looking forward to a great dinner. But what a disappointment. There service is so bad I would not go there again. Half way my BBQ run out of gas and it took us 5 mins to get someone attention and its take them an other 5 mins to change to a new one. Then they put the raw meat touching the cooked meat and didn't do anything about it. They also used the same tong for cooked and raw meat. No smile at all, what a disappointed night and I will not go back there again, 
I booked this through Wowcher as a treat for me and my friend. It was advertised as afternoon tea for two at Hilton Hyde Park. Turned up at Hilton when in fact it was at the cafe down the road. I have done tea for two at lots of different venues and this was by far the worst. It was no more than a cafe with a big illuminated cafe sign outside. i told the waitress that I can't eat egg so these sandwiches were removed but not replace with anything else. The chicken and pesto sandwich was just advocado and no chicken, the other sandwiches were tasteless.There was also one tiny, stale scone each with one small jam pot and cream to share. The cakes were defrosted profiterol, one tiny macaroon and one tiny, stale sponge cake. The tea was served in a mug with a chip in it. Staff came over and asked if all was OK. I complained about the frozen cakes and did receive an apology, but nothing else. There was no top up of tea until i asked for it. This was advertised on Wowcher as having a normal price of £72.50. There is no way that this would normally be sold for £72.50. 
Went with the family today to the buffet that is served on a Sunday lunch time. The food was terrible. Lamb kebabs were dried out to nothing and had no seasoning. Both the lamb and chicken curries had so much oil it was disgusting. It’s a shame as the restaurant is close to where we live and we would regularly visit the restaurant to celebrate family occasions but won’t be doing that anymore.  
Never have I ever felt so uncomfortable and unwelcomed in a restaurant in my life. The amount of hostility that my friend and I received was unbelievable. Before visiting this restaurant, me and my friend thoroughly researched the restaurant and a lot of reviews were positive, if not all.  
I will preface this review by demonstrating that I have no beef with anybody at this restaurant. I’ve eaten here with family and friends numerous times over the years and as further evidence, I have previously left a glowing 5* review for Panna’s on this very site. I have no axe to grind.  
Really bad. Starter served with mains!!!!! Neither the starter nor the mains which were reflected on the menu were reflected on our plates. There was no horseradish creme fraiche included in our starter as stated on the menu and there was no chilli in the chilli liguini as stated on the menu. It was the worst in a long time. Will not be going again and will not recommend. 
Total waste of time and money. Very low quality food. They don't know what is restaurant style cooking. I won't recommend this restaurant to anyone believe or not.  
Ordered a takeaway food absolutely disgusting. Called to complain manager says next time no charge. Lied 
We, as a couple have visited this restaurant many many times in the last 20 years. We have seen management and menus change some for the better and some neutral. I will get to tonight's visit in a minute. About 3 months ago we went for what we thought would be a great meal and in fact a great evening. Oh dear. Poor service. Waiting staff struggled to understand our orders and was made to feel quite uncomfortable. We ate our food , paid our bill and left feeling quite disappointed, we put this down as a one off. We went back tonight and the restaurant was very quiet with about 4 or 5 staff on veiw. We ordered drinks which were wrong, we ordered pre starters which were wrong, we ordered starters which one came to the table and about 10 minutes later they asked if we had ordered another starter. Feeling extremely disappointed and starter number 1 gone cold we asked for the bill and spoke to management. We was offered an apology and a discount but we refused the discount saying we wa s disappointed with the service once again. I understand that management want to maximise the profit, but employing people that can not understand the language is unacceptable. I honestly felt that white English speaking people were not welcome. Its fair to say that we will not be returning. They lost out on a big bill and genourous tip. 
The slowest service I’ve ever experienced 1/2 an hour to get my drink a further 1/2 hour to get my starters and a further 1/2 an hour to get my my main. If Basil Fawlty was to run a restaurant this would be it! Shambolic.. 
We were well disappointed on our visit to Panna on Saturday, where we had gone to celebrate our parents 60th Wedding anniversary, we requested mild and hot papadoms, but we got all hot, we ordered 6 starters and all arrived at different times and the last starter came after we all had finished eating and even that after we reminded them that we were waiting, had to wait for 2nd order on the drinks and reminded them that we were still waiting,even food brought to our table which we had not ordered we ordered the main meal that was disappointing again no salt in food, after we finished were requested for the bill, we got the bill but did not get any hand towels until we asked for it, which were just thrown on the table. no one cleaned the table and they did not even ask us if we wanted any deserts, we paid cash and we did not see any waiter after that, no after eights were offered, no one said thank you come again, we spent £200.00 and were well disappointed with everything, food & service dont think we will go there again, we normally go to a smaller Indian restaurant and are treated so well, after dinner complimentary drinks, even food brought to our table which we had not ordered 
Well well well. What can I say? I’ve lived in the local vicinity for years, been to this place when it was rollerbowl, been bowling here, never eaten in the restaurant though and I wish I’d come sooner, so I wouldn’t have to waste a Friday evening meal on this dump. 
I've eaten today in gdk, was trying to give it a go but there are people working who can't even smile,they have no clue about customer service and less about keeping the place clean. The tables were full of grease and the floor had mice drops close to corners. The server was Rabaya and she was the only one who had a smile on her face from the entire crew. I saw the lady manager looking at customers like she wants to kill every one. Obviously she doesn't enjoy the job. Anyway if you read there are far better places to eat. I don't wanna start complaining about the food cuz my review will be to long. ☮️ 
Came here with girlfriend after we had a sudden craving for asian dinner and luckily this was the first place we saw. Room is quite poorly laid out with too many tables crammed into every space leaving no room to move around without bumping into people (and people bumping into you). Quite expensive here and the food was average quality and quite gloopy and gelatinous. We ordered similar dishes elsewhere which were better so maybe the chefs here are not as competant so keep that in mind if youre around Queensway, probably best to look elsewhere. Whats really out of order here is that theres a service charge added to your bill and the bill is written in chinese so you dont notice it. We understand this is a chinese outlet but most of the diners here were western/tourists who probably dont know any better, its clearly a scam and REALLY not ok to add the service charge at all anyway. I hope the UK government does eventually ban the 'discretionary' service charge as theres always talk about them doing it but difficult to police it. Its rude for any restaurant to have the audacity to add their own tip, thats nothing to do with you, its up to the DINER to tip you if we feel the food and service were good, in this case it wasnt. I therefore didnt leave a tip as it was added to the bill and got a rude look from the server. Completely out of order and it seems like this place do not want to retain customers once theyve visited once. Cannot stress this enough, Avoid this place and keep walking. 
The service has dropped dramitcally!!! I been here before and I am surprised at the service I received today. Defo will not be coming back!! 
Food not tasty at all, i threw it to the bin. Greasy soggy fries, dry burger floating on cheap mayo. Rather cheap burger, only veg in it was onion. I would not recommend it. Completely different than on pictures. You will be disappointed. Do not mistake it with another one in windsor with similar name. 
Food barely edible. But it was the service which was unbelievably bad that stunned me. The staff is obviously not happy to be working there -and they show it. They have no care towards service or the business overall. We were ignored for a long time after arriving, and when we managed to get somebody to take our order, he lied about a cocktail menu not being available - they only serve mojitos and juices apparently. I did see a number of cocktail menus lying on a table nearer the bar later on. When our food finally arrived, I tried to catch the attention of another member of staff who heard me and actually looked at me, but then turned away and left the next second. I was left speechless. And yes, the food -nothing special. At least we were hungry and we settled for that OK. We chose the place for it being a "Hilton" cafe, and well, we assumed the quality would be worth any additional expense -we were very wrong. I am surprised the place has any customers at all. Such a shame. 
First time in here ( though have been visited by some of us before ). 
food was inedible and expensive. we left most of the food on our plates. service was unfriendly but they were quick to bring the bill once asked.  
We made a reservation at Gold Mine for dinner today at 630pm for 6 pax one day before knowing that restaurant is very popular. Four of us arrived at 625pm and was told by service waiter take we had to wait outside the restaurant as NOT ALL 6 of us are present. He told us this is rage rule here !!! In the mean time there were walk in customers where the service waiter admitted them as long as all dinning guests are there. I find this totally unreasonable and unacceptable as the restaurant is only maximizing the table turnaround by doing this and very unfair to those who bother to make reservations. This is stupid and unacceptable system ! 
Gold Mine serves great Dim Sum, generous, tasty, really really good. Service is OK for a Chinese restaurant. However, their practice of including a 12.5% service charge on the (unitemised, written in Chinese) bill, then requesting a tip when presenting the bill, is very offensive. Don't fall into this trap and leave a tip twice! 
After a long train trip and then walk to hotel dragging bags we were keen for a drink to ease our way into our London part of our trip. The Urban Meadow was the first cafe/bar we found. We were looking for a meal too but first things first we needed a drink. Thursday afternoon the bar garden was fullish but inside was empty except for the 4-5 staff there. We waited at the sign that advised to stand here to be seated. After about 2 minutes making eyes at the staff talking to each was approached by a waiter who advised us to sit outside wherever. When asked if I could go to the bar was advised no we have a waiter who will take your order. Took our seats at a table and waited for another 5 minutes before approached by the initial waiter who told us to sit wherever, wanting to take food order. Told her yes we will order but would like drinks before considering food. She them took our order of beer and apple cider from the menu. After another 10 minute wait she returned with beer and an opened bottle of pear cider advising the other was not available. We left, service was very ordinary. Found a pub up the road. Cannot recommend Urban Meadow Cafe, my only negative experience on my tour of Ireland, Wales and England. 
Drinks flat, food mediocre mine was barely warm and lamb (What little there was) was tough and grizzly. Service poor although plenty of staff hanging about.  
We used to love going to Pannas and have taken family and friends from abroad mThe service terriblany times as it was such a great dining experience with a vast menu and great service. However, last night was awful. The service terrible, we asked 3 times for a bottle of wine and it was eventually put on the end of the table, unopened, by a passing waitress. We asked for a wine bucket and it arrive 20 mins later full of water with a couple of ice cube sfloating. Our food arrived but we had no plates or cutlery and so had to wait while someone went to find some, meanwhile our food was getting cold. The menu is a fraction of the size it used to be and very little choice and the starters are the same priceat the main courses. You were always asked if you would like a Baileys when you paid the bill and received mint chocolates but not any more. Our bill was almost £170 for a pretty disasterous evening and we won't be going back. 
Various good reviews suggested that Gold Mine was one of the best Chinese restaurants in London. Don't be fooled - it's over-priced, lacks ambiance, and the food is disgusting.  
They only brought half of the groups' drinks before serving food which, in all fairness, did arrive quickly. The missing drinks?: Tap water. We had to remind staff multiple times of this before water arrived at the table. My squid wasn't great, but other dishes in the group were better. After clearing our table, it took a good 20 minutes and a reminder for our bill to arrive and another looong moment before we were allowed to pay. When we rounded our bill down due to poor service, removing less than £1 from our service charge, the staff became aggressive, insinuating we had no right to subtract from the OPTIONAL charge because we had asked to move tables after ordering. 
It took 1.30hrs to get my mains and waited 30 minutes after that for my desserts. This is the worst ever experience I had in London restaurants. No one cares for you. The waiter/waitress act as if they have they better job to do than serving the customer. There is no co-ordination between the staff.3-4 passing by staff will randomly come and ask you for your order and you are confused whether your order was placed or not in the first place. I felt really sad when my kids started crying for food after waiting for 1 hour on the table. After asking for a simple dessert, they totally forgot/ignored, waited for 30 minutes and left the place after losing my patience. Felt really bad and sad to see my kids crying for food. I will never go back and recommend families to avoid this place. 
We had lunch here and when we asked for bill it came in Chinese !! My husband asked for one in English. In the meantime the woman was standing at our table and repeating ‘how will you leave tip?’ My husband replied I will pay in cash, at that point not knowing what the bill entailed . When it eventually arrived in English, service charge had already been added . Be very vigilant . Needless to say no need to pay extra for nearly getting conned.  
Got insulted and threatened by a member of staff for asking about an offer which was advertised as a lunch offer, I got there at 1530 and was told it was now evening time and the offer wasn’t available although the board advertising it was still outside! The way the staff member was talking to me was shockingly disgraceful told this and he shouldn’t be allowed to work in such an environment as I have never been treated this way before, if he is still there, He is a danger to customers and this business is not acting responsibly by employing such rogue individuals, I will never go back!! 
They are very good at ignoring customer even when it's not busy ... too busy to looking at themselves in the mirror instead of focus on customer service. Food had a lot of MSG so I had bad stomach. Rice not cooked properly katsu sauce very cold, sides were awful. Why do I have to pay for service charge?!!! Trying to rip me off as much as they could. I DON'T recommend this place 
This restaurant has just been ranked on the bottom rung for food hygiene by the Food Standards Agency. Avoid. 
Looks good and nice location, sat outside on lovely evening. Drinks took 30 minutes to come, cold starters 45 minutes, mains 45 minutes later ..... we had to badger staff and chase them to get served when we did. Starters were very good but small, mains were poor and looked like they had been sat under lights for ages, bland and in basic sauce, burnt round edges and ridiculously hot. They apologised and did deduct main course prices. Wanted it to be good but it was very very poor experience, would not go back, poor service and poor food, cannot get the basic right. Others seemed to have similar issues and there was a lot of complaining and returning of food. 
Ate here with a group at a quiet time. Hardly anyone there. Lots of staff. Waited ages to get a menu. Didn't waited long for food but then the filling in baguette was under cooked. Ws quite ill that night. Brought to table with dirty piece of used tissue stuck underneath plate. No cutlery or napkins. Everyone we needed something had to go to the counter. It's a shame as we planned to order few dishes and share but changed our mind. Honestly felt like we were intruding. 
Spent over £300 for a family meal.  
Having had a really nice meal earlier this year and having been told that the takeaway meals were as good as eating in-house we decided to order a takeaway tonight - what a disappointment!! Everything was lukewarm to start with but having said that, the starters were ok but the two mail courses were disappointing to say the least. We ordered beef salad and the beef was tough, we also ordered No. 58 which cost £11.95 and consisted of three large butterflied prawns. We felt that the cost of this far outweighed the expectations of this particular dish.  
Food was an hour and 30 minutes late, cold and very small portions For the very expensive price tag will never order a delivery from they again. 
We were very disappointed with our take away meal. The chicken was boiled, obviously precooked and not freshly cooked, and had no flavour and was tough for both mains.The meal was very salty. The vegetable sauce lacked flavour for both veg dishes.The delivery was late and the food was cold when we received it. The cost of the meal was £55 and we expected better and previous takeaways have been amazing. Very disappointed to say the least. 
I have previously left a 5* review after eating here. But I tried the takeaway and it was an hour and a half late and they didn’t answer the phone the entire time! So we didn’t know when to just give up and eat something else and if it would turn up at all since we were being ignored despite ringing constantly. Then the guy turns up extremely apologetic and says we will get a refund, but no surprise they never answer the phone so we have no way of getting a refund now.  
Party of 7 popped in for food. I literally live next door. The food is dire, lazy cooking and short cutting, no effort. Food cold, salad was a few leaves thrown in a bowl, chicken had gristle. All of us felt is was outright bad. Won’t ever go back, any of us. Keep serving rubbish food like that and you will loose many more customers. Service was also bad, nobody even asked us if wanted a desert, just came and said we are shutting now and will bring you the bill. Amazing !  
I tried to get 2 take away coffees and a couple of pastries (take away). It was 8:45am in bank holiday Monday. The place was obviously open with a large party inside. Upon entering I was told we are closed by a staff member chatting with their colleague, I looked at all the people and told it’s a private party. I explained I only want take out and could wait outside. Just told sorry we are no open. Seems really odd to me that on a day when all in house sales are 50% you would turn away a full paying customer. So I learnt that Tesco express has a Costa machine, maybe not as good. But I guess a solution. I think if I was managing this coffee shop I might look at previous reviews and see a trend taking place (maybe some staff training required).  
Went here with a friend. We both ordered starters and then Pad Thai for our main meal. The starters were fine. My main came first and didn't look anything like Pad Thai as it had thin noodles, but thought maybe they'd run out. I started to eat it, but the food was quite tasteless and was warm, not hot.  
Had high expectations of this place, but was sorely disappointed. Dim sum was nothing special, I’m sure half of it was frozen. And as with many Chinese restaurants was treated like dirt just because I’m only half Chinese and was ignored for most of my meal. When I asked for the “optional” service charged to be removed I was asked to write down WHY I didn’t want to pay and was them hurled abuse at. Disgusting racist behaviour just because I’m not full Chinese, pathetic appalling treatment. 
Went here the other day and although our waiter was lovely and very attentive, drinks took over 30 min to arrive on our first order. It then took us ordering a gin and tonic with 3 different members of staff to finally get it after 25 min. Worst of all, one of them was the manager who instead of putting through our order was playing with a dog the whole time. We were one of 3 tables so this is completely unacceptable. 
Ordered a post kebab (I live 50 years away), plus fries. The kebab wasn’t packaged properly and felt like it had been thrown in a bag. Sloppy mess, little care had gone into making sure it was packaged well. Binned it  
Just left this restaurant (20:10) after having sat down at 19:00 at our reserved table for 6 to celebrate Father's Day. Our order was taken shortly after arrival and we had to remind the staff the not once but three times that we were waiting on 4 drinks which took nearly 20 minutes to arrive after our poppadoms had been eaten and cleared from the table. At 20:05 we saw a table of 12 being served their meals before us when they had arrived and ordered after us!  
We came here for brunch and were told there would be a ten minute wait. There was nobody else waiting in the area near the till so it was not crowded but we were asked to wait outside in the rain! Very rude and needless to say we did not wait and left. 
My friend and I visited this restaurant on 28/12/2017 at 1830hrs. It was very quite when we got here possibly around 12 diners in total in the entire restaurant. We approached the hostess a middle age Asian lady and asked very politely if we could have a table as we did not previously book. She abruptly said "you book"?? to which we replied sorry we did not. She said you can sit here which was upstairs. Since I have been there in the past I asked would it be possible to sit downstairs as we saw there was only one couple dinning downstairs. She replied its all booked up. So we thought no worries. 
I ordered roast duck rice and it had so much sugar in it. it was too sweet. And the duck was 95% duck fat/duck skin and 5% duck meat. It was basically a plate full of rice and duck fat. I will never go back there again. I still got charged full price even though I complained and ordered another dish which was diced chicken, cashew nut and rice. The second dish was not great and was also sweet but not as bad as the first one. 
The venue is beautiful but that’s about the only positive thing I can say. Food was ok but drinks didn’t arrive till halfway through the meal (after we had to ask 3 times). Side dish didn’t arrive at all. Bill didn’t arrive until we asked twice. Staff couldn’t care less. The place wasn’t even that busy! Hilariously they automatically added a 12.5% service charge. Go if all you care about is a nice venue. Don’t go if you like any type of customer service. 
Went with my brother and my father in law who is disabled. We’d heard great things about this place and where excited. Unfortunately there was no ramp to get in. The food looked good though. There is a sign that says they take no cash, only cards because of enviromental reasons. Yet they do not welcome certain group of people to their restaurants. 
Won’t there for dinner with my wife as it was newly opened in Wimbledon Village. 
We only take cards, no cass! Bud at the same time this restaurant does not allow wheelchairs user access. Is that environmentally thinking? Or friendly? 
Had dinner last night with my niece at Megan's Wimbledon. Huge expectations as I was not able to get a table the last time and the ambience looks fantastic. AWFUL starter, supposed to be grilled halloumi but I'm certain it be deep fried and had been sitting there cooked for some time as it was far from freshly made and super greasy. Main course was an equal tasteless disappointment not to mention the my flatbread resembling more of naam bread. Desert was worse - cookie dough was undercooked, over sized (even for 2), vanilla ice cream BASIC awful taste. Then the wine ....... what wine? Tasted like apple juice poured into the carafe.  
Frankly, the food was average at best, the sauces gritty, the chilli overpowering or spice non existent, and the staff just thought we were joking when we sent more Food back than got eaten, the Cab fare for the four of us from Bromley to chislehurst (a tenner) between four of us wasn't worth it. After the third request for a manager £14 was removed from a £150 bill. We won't be bothering to return. 
Booked this as a special occasion for Mothers day lunch.  
My gf was visiting from the US, and we were unlucky to have lunch there on a Saturday. We ordered dumplings. I only tried a tiny bit of her dish, therefore had a bit of a fever and a stomach ache. Vs she poor thing, my goodness..., the girl had a BAD food poisoning from pork dumplings. Never again. 
The place could be a pretty place with great food (despite it is a very loud place), however we found a metal nail in the drink and it happens 3 times in a different glass despite complained. 
Terrible food, many of the starters we had ordered all tasted as if they were cooked in the same sauce. The main dishes were all tasteless and bland 
First of all, we didn’t feel very welcomed at all, there was no greeting, we were literally sat at our table and left to wait. We had to call a staff member to be served.  
We went there on a Friday night and there was no atmosphere and the food was quite basic with no taste as if it had been cooked by an amateur. We came away disappointed. 
Dishonest owner & management. The quality of services is very unprofessional. Most items are not available. Waitresses are untrained and not friendly. 
Was a friends birthday and we were put in section at front which was like a cafe. No clothes on table and no menu where I was sitting. Difficult to get waitresses eye for drinks. I ordered small parties which I thought were prawns but duck was served in it but pastry raw and tasted like fat which I coykdnt eat! Steamed fish was grey and tasteless. Singapore noodles also did not look or tast very nice! Perhaps I ordered wrong thing as some of friends were happy. Very expensive. Friend commented that usually he had double the amount at his local for the price!! In the next thought at least I could have a toffee Annan but only friozen desserts which nobody wanted!!! 
On first impressions we received quite an underwhelming welcoming and the restaurant looked tired and desperate. The decor wasn't as great as the Instagram pics may suggest.  
This is a Chinese restaurant with Thai names given to dishes. I have been to Thailand and there are few (not a few) restaurants that I would rate as authentic. 
Having dinner at Panna's as a whole was a disaster.  
The service was very slow 
First of all that was our first and last visit to this restaurant, service was poor didn't get offered drinks/poppadums until we asked, no normal poppadum dips, when my chicken tikka biriani came up (which was not chicken tikka) the naan that covered the dish had mould on it... See photos! Don't go here! 
My family and I had eaten at Pannas once before. On the first visit we had no issue and the food was 'decent'. However, on this occasion our popodums were stale and one of our dishes tasted nothing like it should have. The following day my husband, daughter and I had upset stomaches and felt ill throughout the day. There was most definitely something wrong with the food which resulted in us feeling this way. Its safe to say we won't be going back. 
Poor service. Food is absolutely poor for people that eat without onion and garlic. Staff touched the food. Extremely pricey for such poor dining. Definitely not recommended for vegetarians. 
We have been to this restaurant many times, but our recent experience was awful! The food was stale and the dishes that we ordered were not the same as before, they were bland and meat wasn't fresh. Overall it tasted like left overs. When we spoke to the waiter, there had been a similar complaint, we we defiantly not be returning!! 
This is the first time I have ever written a review - I am so disappointed with the experience we had this evening. Service throughout was appalling... we waited over half an hour for our pre dinner drinks and from then on the service was virtually non existent... having chased the drinks we then waited ages for the food , with no apology or explanation from any of the staff until we managed to catch the eye of the waitress to find out what was happening.... apparently some mix up in the kitchen - it might have been a better idea to keep the customer informed to avoid such dissatisfaction. The food when it came was mediocre I'm afraid. We were offered two free desserts which frankly was small recompense for our inconvenience. One positive was the lovely decor of the area at the back - very pretty with the lights etc (shame the candles weren't lit though) but unfortunately I don't think I will be going there again. 
I would never go to this restaurant and to be honest would never recommend anyone. We did not even get a glass of water and the drinks we ordered didnt come until we had to ask twice n that too we ordered without ice n they gave with ice. It was a buffet and not very busy n still the service was absolutely awful. No napkins either we had to ask for it.. food wise also nothing much. We had to pay extra for valentines day with no service didnt even come to ask for roti if we needed anything n a place where u don't even get a glass of water. I truly would not recommend this place to anyone. 
Came here reluctantly tonight with some close friends and their kids. No change in approach here. Wait staff all over the place. Beer tips were playing up so my friend had to wait 10mins for a Fosters! I had the Lamb chops and the Hariyali Chicken (green tandoori style). Chops were tender and okay, but I did notice some red in the chicken when I cut it open but the outer was cooked. I have just got home and been on the toilet THREE times. Now I am NEVER coming back here even if someone is paying for me! AVOID.  
We had high expectations of this restaurant based on reviews and recommendations, and so we are baffled at just how bad the food was. Without doubt the worst jungle curry I have ever encountered; runny, tasteless sauce and clearly cheap ingredients. Other courses we're lathered with chilli oil, smothering all other tastes and creating a thoroughly unpleasant experience. 
Been there before and only realised why we hadn't been there again. Chicken tikka masala was cream,sugar and pieces of chicken! Butter naan was missing the butter. Ordered Guinness which wasn't available and ordered a fosters instead and received a cobra! Finding a waiter was like finding Wally. The music from below was shaking the drink in my glass. Thank you I will remember this for the future  
I've debated leaving this review however I can't get over how bad our experience was here. 
We booked Megans for my in-laws 40th anniversary a couple of weeks ago. We used to go to the Fulham one and had always had a lot of fun. More recently we have started going to the Balham one as it is closer and it has been very good.  
I had been to Megan's a couple of times before and had always had generally a good experience. However my most recent visit was the complete opposite... 
Booked a bottomless brunch as it was claimed to be the ‘best bottomless brunch in London’. It isn’t.  
I visited with my friend on Tuesday the 6th. and will never visit again. I saw a rat running from the kitchen towards toilet.And the rotten food smell from that place is so disgusting. I thought food is prepared unhygienically.Food has no flavor , no taste all the dishes same the taste. Cold and smelly. Plates were greasy, cutlery were stained and smelly. No Manager to complain. The staff are like lost sheep. Is it how food prepared and my evening was ruined. I will never come to this place and will never recommend to any one to go and eat food among the rats rats rats, smelly rotten place. 
All in all, an awful evening. We arrived at 8pm we didnt eat untl 11pm. The service was just diabolical and to top it off, our food was cold. NEVER GO TO MEGAN'S CHELSEA (which is actually in Fulham, SW6). We came for a birthday and booked month prior and preordered, and the food was still late. When we complained, they threatened to call the police. Just terrible, unequivocally awful, THE WORST PLACE YOU COULD GO IN CHELSEA (Fulham).Look at how they served our cake! 
Went for a birthday celebration. The service was shockingly poor. We had to ask for plates to be cleared, asked for exes drinks and dessertS. When we raised our concerned, we were ignored for the rest if this visit. Avoid.  
We came to this restaurant for a big family meal. The food was nice and we were pleased BUT...at the end as we were leaving my mother fell over a hidden step between the bar and restaurant. The lighting was very poor even though this was at lunchtime, and there was no sign indicating there was a step ahead. She now has a fractured arm and is in a lot of pain. The staff were not helpful whatsoever and no one was first aid qualified. If you do go here please be VERY CAREFUL as I don't want this happening to you! I don't know how they have passed Health and Safety checks. 
Where shall I start, our table was accidently given to another group of customers which was ok. Then we ordered falooda....only to find out later they don't have any. At the time of payment we didn't realise but having looked at the receipt after they had charged us for 3 falooda....which we didn't have. Spoke to the manager Vikram who assured me he will refund the money into my account. 2 weeks later i am still waiting. Save yourself the hassle and don't bother going there....plus the food is not overly impressive. 
The restaurant owner Panna needs to be trained on how to speak to people attitude was absolutely Disgusting. We will never attend this was our first and last experience. New years eve was awful. The band was fantastic but I'll treated we heard Panna speaking to the singer's so rudely it made me sick to hear how she spoke. I completely back all the negative reviews and echo what has been said.  
The food use to be amazing! But last night it was horrible, gave me a stomach ache. Also the food I asked to be packed was not all their? Only got some of the dishes? Rest was thrown away. Was not happy at all after paying and not getting everything packed. Standards have dropped from the last visit, will not be going back.  
Went here sunday for the buffet, the selection of dishes is poor. The food itself is not good, dry, tasteless and overall not nice . Do not recommend.  
We used this place a couple of time and recommended to friends - family & staff as well as customer, HOWEVER AT TODATS EVENT would no longer use this place. the manager I normally deal with was away  
Came here to test out the food, service was excellent and the tastiest part of the trip were the spicy peanuts I got for free at the bar. I stopped after my starters as it was not very nice. Masala Pappadoms had so much salt in the tomato mix that it was uneatable. Next was piri piri boiled casava and sheek kebabs. The casava was ok, but it was just boiled with a sprinkling of chilli powder on top. Not exactly the piri piri I was expecting. The kebabs were so hard I needed a steak knife to get through it (obviously not fresh then). I stopped after this and made my way back home. Service was good but food not. Sorry cant see myself coming back again. 
Went to this Resturant for the first time, plenty of Asian people dining led me to believe the food would be good. Although a reservation was made the staff did not seem to be expecting us. Waited for around 30mins foe anyone to take even a drinks order, starters took a further 30-40mins to arrive, I was ready to walk out at this point. Food was nothing special, could have do e much better at home. All tables around us seem to be complaining, the staff was trying to pass it off as a very busy night although only 2/3rds of the seating were occupied. We left so much food, the staff offered to pack it, although we agreed even the food did not come back by the time we were ready to leave. 
I booked them for my wedding. on the day, the naans were burnt, food had way too much salt and oil in, and food ran out! after spending thousands with this rubbish company, they offered the worst possible experience. they ruined my wedding day. 
Had a green and red Thai chicken curry which initially blew my head off. The owner said she would change the sauce. So they drained off the main liquid and replaced with coconut milk. It remained spicy but near bearable. However without the hot sauce camouflage the evident taste of re-heated chicken came out. It was very poor and I will never be back. Service not friendly. 
Worst take out order I've ever experienced, we had friends over on holiday and thought it would be nice and more relaxing to order a take - out! We had the set duck meal, it was cold and was servers in sealed microwave steamed boxes! The food was cold, with lots of condensation on the seals! It was very grey and bland tasting! Very expensive for the sizes delivered! Will not order again !! Stay clear!  
I had my stag night there. We were put in the Italian place downstairs. We arrived at 7.15 for an 8pm booking. We got our meal at 10.15 and quite a few of the orders were wrong. Most of the lads enjoyed the food but we had to leave it as we had taxis booked as we were clubbing after.  
A party of about 20 went to pannas last night arrived in small groups of fours and fives, 
I went Panna for my mums birthday and the serves was terrible, I ordered the same drinks 4 or 5 times before they actually arrived at my table. The food came in small protions at big prices, definitely not worth the money we paid. One of the dishes ordered came soo late that we had finished out meal off. When asked to pack the dish, the waiters where unaware and didnt not want to give it to us to take away. Very dissappointed.  
Visited this resturant for a family buffet lunch at £12.99 per head based on recommendations. I must say I was expecting something special for that price. What we got was mediocre at best. No starters, poor choice of food and one desert. The service was poor, no napikins and we had to ask for replacement cokes as the first round seemed like it had been watered down. Drinks were extra and pricy and the food overall was rather poor quality. Finally, the biggest shock of all a 3 star hygiene rating for a resturant claiming to be a cut above the rest. I won't be going back as there are far better and cheaper resturant. 
Went here with the family on recommendations from friends, the entrance was filthy with the previous evenings party decorations still on the floor,(we went for early sunday lunch), so it must have been., it wasn't quite busy yet and so we were ushered into a dingy corner near their kitchen, it was filthy allmover the floors the table were sticky, the walls were dirty.....we nonetheless endeavoured to order starters....well good job we only ordered starters 1st cos they were disgusting, all were re-fried and burnt, they must have been leftover from previous day...we ordered the bill and left after the starters only..... didn't want to risk the main course. 
went to pannas on sunday 3rd june - we had to wait for the food - starters were ok - panneer tikka was bland - main came after a while and it was luke warm - didn't enjoy it at all - someone came over to find out how the food was and told him that it was luke warm - not interesting at all. I have been to many Indian restaurants and this was the worst. We ordered dessert which was Irish coffees and it was an insult to coffees let alone Irish. It was again the worst I have had - the management should get rid of the person who made them - best would be for them to visit other restaurants to see how they do their coffees. Worst food ever. This restaurant is an insult to catering. And expensive. My recommendation is go to macdonalds if you want an enjoyable night out. 
I visited here recently for brunch and ordered poached eggs with avocado on toast and a pot of tea, followed by a coffee and a brownie. The eggs were the smallest I've seen and the bread was so hard that I nearly broke my tooth. And in terms of the avocado there was about 1/5th of an avocado. The water for the tea was full of limescale and the coffee was some of the worst I've tasted. The only redeeming aspect of my brunch was the brownie was was very nice. I was horrified when I received the bill because I was charged £7.50 for the avocado on toast then £3.00 for the eggs on top of that! The tea was £3.00, the coffee was £3.00 and the brownie £3.00 then they added £2.56 service charge on top so the total bill was £23.06 for the worst brunch I've ever had!!!!! I will never visit Megan's in Fulham again and will advice local friends to avoid it too. 
We decided to stop again at this place as it was closer to us as we turned the corner onto Queensway on this very warm Bank Holiday Monday and as we entered, the waitress decided to speak anyway with the Chinese people behind us asking probably how many where they, instead of concentrating on us. Even so, we had to wait a bit longer to be taken to a table and then moved around the restaurant and finally the waitress dropped us at the corner table in the back on the left hand side with me facing the back of a woman and my partner facing the wall!!!!!! There were plenty of tables for 4 or more people, but they decided to squeeze us in there anyway, as if it is acceptable to eat like that in a restaurant. 
After lunch decided to order takeaway, was charged £62,.. instead of £45,.. 
I have never been in a position where i have felt the urge to write a review on an experience before, but this evening i feel i need to share with everyone how this restaurant was for our party of people. 
I have never written a bad review about anywhere but really felt the need to for here unfortunately.  
Dropped in to have a meal and my husband asked the waiter twice if they had gluten free options. On both occasions they answered yes. 
I made a booking and told them I had a taste card, 2 for one but we are three persons. 
Those who have rated Goldmine highly probably do not know much about Chinese food or what is considered reasonable value for Chinese cooking (in London). I don't normally write reviews but after we have had in Goldmine AND the price we just paid I felt I had to share our experience so that others will not go through the same. 
Visited Meghan's in Wimbledon village on Saturday evening - never again 
My family took me to Panna resturant on 25th March, for mothers day and my birthday. The service was terrible, until one of the waitresses took over, she did a really good job in ensuring that the dishes did not contain any nuts (I'm allergic to nuts) I ordered the lamb bhuna - I can honestly say it was the worst lamb curry dish I've ever eaten. The lamb was over cooked and the sauce was too salty.  
Went to this restaurant for dinner on Boxing Day for their roasted duck as it was recommended by my family. What a mistake! There was already a large crowd waiting outside at 6:50pm. We registered our name and waited patiently for our turn...which turned out to be 1 hour long! (One young lady standing next to me said that she had been waiting for her table for 20 minutes even though she has reservations. An older gentleman overhead that and said that's normal.) When I wanted to order half of a duck the waiter said that they only can give us a quarter portion as they are running out of it. Since we've already waited that long then a quarter will do too. After we have started on our fried rice and wantan noodles (which were tasteless and totally not worth the price!) the waiter came back and inform us that all the ducks were sold out! Lets just say we were beyond upset. If they have informed us at the point of ordering that they do not have ducks for us, we would have left the restaurant. We made the special trip there for the duck not tasteless wantan noodles! (Seriously, what kind of restaurants run out of their star item, in this case ducks, at 8:15pm???) All I can say is, if you are living in London and are hankering for Chinese food then by all means take your chance for dinner here. But if you are a tourist, think twice about making the special trip here to taste their roasted ducks. 
This was my favourite restaurant in Fulham. I've come here for my birthday brunch and almost every weekend I meet a friend for breakfast or brunch. It has such a beautiful decor and the menu is so healthy and diverse.  
We were recommended to try Megans and now I am not sure if we went to the right place!?!??! 
We recently stayed at the Doubletree Hotel and as part of our booking got breakfast included. While the breakfast was really good. It is hard to mess up breakfast food. Their dinner was overpriced and not so great. Getting the the point of my post. One morning at breakfast a server asked to take my plate away. Then said something in her native language of Italian to which I had no clue what she was saying because I don't speak it and was in LONDON and not Italy. The people next to us who were also American said did you just say and repeated what she had said to me in Italian. She then said you would watch what you say because you never know who speaks your language. She didn't tell me what she had said but said she is not a nice person. So do not go here and if you do stay away from an older Italian lady because she is one of the rudest people I have ever met. Unprofessional! You should be careful who you hire Urban Meadow as we never went back to your establishment after this took place and I will tell anyone I know that is going to London to steer clear which is sad because everyone else there was quite nice but this lady was nasty. 
I had bought my mum a Red Letter Day experience for her birthday - Tea for Two, so this was meant to be a special treat! Unfortunately, that was not the case :( the Urban Meadow Cafe did not come up to our expectations. The staff were friendly but it was clear that there was a total lack of management around. When we arrived, we ordered 2 glasses of Prosecco which took almost half an hour to arrive, and that's only because we asked for them a number of times. It was the same with the tea, sandwiches and cakes. The food, when it finally arrived, was nice, but we were so agitated waiting ages for it that we didn't really enjoy any of it by the time it arrived. We eventually asked for the bill but after waiting a further 20 minutes, when it was absolutely clear that it too wouldn't be forthcoming, we went to the bar and asked for it. It took ages to actually get the bill and then it was only right on the third attempt. I actually feel sorry for the staff, who try hard but are clearly mismanaged. I will not bed recommending this cafe. The only thing that was good were the toilets! Comments from the management would be appreciated. 
Visited this morning and was told there was a 15 minute wait for a table (cool), and to wait outside in the rain (not cool). When I politely asked if we could just wait in the entrance due to the rain, I was abruptly told no by a very rude waiter. The two of us continued to wait, when he returned with a really argumentative manner and demanded that we go outside. We were polite the whole time, but pointed out it was a little unreasonable and didn't really understand the need for it, to which he abruptly decided he was refusing us service. Shocking way to treat people. 
I went for dinner with my friend to this place. We were completely ignored since the moment we entered. We've found ourselves a table and waited to be noticed without success. Once the waitress realized we wanted to get the menus she took ages to come back to us. I asked if the entree courses were big enough to order two or should I order a main and she said to order a main. My main course was incredibly disappointing and the size was extremely small, before she even served me the dish she said don't worry looks very small but is very filling. I had to eat bread and get fill in and drank water because my dish was a joke. Then I had to get the waitress attention (her name is Assetou) because she didn't acknowledge us. I requested the dessert menu and she came back with a set menu which we were not aware and she never mentioned. All the dishes I wanted to order at the beginning were on this set menu and my friend's meal was there so she asked if she could do the set menu and the waitress had to leave and ask. I was so upset my whole dinning experience was completely ruined by the lack of knowledge and poor service given that I just wanted to leave. I was offered a drink because the waitress said she felt guilty I was upset and I didn't want to drink anything. By the time my friend got her dessert which I had to ask another waiter because we were waiting for ages, the waitress came back and offer me the dish I wanted originally free of charge, when my friend and I were ready to leave. I said no I just want to leave and she was so persistent. We requested the bill and got some discount for the bad experience which was priceless. I guess I should of checked the reviews before even thinking of having food at this place since I'm not the first one going through a terrible customer service. 
Overall my experience was extremely disappointing. 
Stayed in the hotel and decided to dine here with my wife, the food was awful, each course was forgettable, it's a shame I couldn't say that about the whole experience. Way overpriced, no flavour, only to find out I could have saved over 50% of the bill as they were advertising on groupon, shame they didn't want to pass those savings on to us! The restaurant was nearly empty on a Saturday night, even when we were told we had to book because it gets busy. Shame I wasted good money on this place when there are so many better restaurants close by, thanks for ruining the one night we were in London!  
Four of us walked in this afternoon for some drinks, the place was very quiet with plenty of seats available inside and out. We stood there for 5 mins, with waiters just completely ignoring us. We thought maybe we just seat ourselves. Once we did (in one of many empty tables) a waitress approached us and abruptly asked "do you have a reservation?" We said no And asked if we could make one. She saiid nothing was available and asked us to leave. No hello, apologies or anything. We then asked to speak to the manager who was just as rude and unhelpful. I will not be giving them my custom anytime soon. 
I bought a Groupon Voucher for a 2 course meal for two. Whilst the picture on the website looked good, the food we were offered was far from being good. The main dish was a chicken leg with tiny pieces of roast vegetable. The bones of the chicken were broken & deformed before they were served. 
Decided to try here after a long journey with a friend. Unfortunately we were left very disappointed.  
To some earthlings nandos seems to be the epitome of class fast food.... Have heard people raving about it - so was (against my better judgement) persuaded to eat there tonight. Can I just say that I found the entire experience dirty, putrid and actually felt angry leaving the place.... Is disgusting and over priced - would rather have had a macdonalds.... There are no words that can encapsulate my utter hatred and complete thumbs down for nandos.... Would fire bomb it!!!! Arrest me  
My wife and I went to this place a few years ago with another couple and the food was first rate and the service was efficient in that usual impassive if not downright charmless way one finds with busy Chinese restaurants. We went again a year later and it was still pretty good. 
I've been going to Megan's for years and whilst I've always accepted that the staff aren't always polite and are slow, at least I was eating great food in a lovely environment. So I can't believe last week's experience. I ordered scrambled egg on toast with salmon. It arrived - the toast was charred on the outside, but underdone on the inside. The eggs were so overcooked and were rubbery and had a pool of liquid which had oozed out onto the plate. Two butter pats in foil were thrown down on the table in front of me; and I had to wait for minutes for some lemon. I gave up and left. I don't know what's happened but Megan's please get your act together and go back to where you were - mediocre staff, but lovely food. 
Took Australian guests to Megan's for lunch. It took ages to be served, and when it arrived, the "minestrone" soup was a few vegetables floating in a luke-warm broth. Sent it back. Came back tepid. Portions small, my son was given a child-sized portion of scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. We have had great meals here in the past - very sad to have such a disappointing experience. 
A few friends and I went here after hearing some good things. We waited a while (normal in London) but realised that they actually seated some other tables that arrived after us before us! So that was a bad start. We ordered a few dishes that came out quickly, the duck was ok, it was nice but nothing to shout about, the spicy chicken dish was honestly disgusting, the chicken was rubbery, which means it either wasn't fresh or they had microwaved it, it was honestly disgusting I would rather a microwave meal from the supermarket. The rice was dry and not enjoyable and the tofu dish was meh. At the end of the meal the staff were so rude. We had 3 dishes and plain rice each. £52!!! I asked that the service fee be removed as I wasn't pleased with the service nor with the food, and all I got was abuse from the waiter, who told I was not welcome back at the restaurant again. Don't worry! I will never be back, and I would recommend people walk further down the road to Royal China, the quality of the food there is much better! 
We booked a table at Megan's for 17 people having a Christmas dinner. Having chosen the set menu at about 36£ a head one would expect "banquet" style feasting of crisp guinea fowl and rich steak - all with a twist. This was not to be.  
I was really looking forward to have some delicious michelin * food but it was very disappointing!! My octopus starter was tough, the lemon sole main course was bland and unappetising and finally the dessert....the rhubarb sponge was dry and the almond cream hard, the only consolation was the ginger beer sorbet which was delicious! 
Second time in about probably 11 years, First was bad in London and this second time in Richmond is even worst. 
Unfortunately once again disappointed by a Michelin star restaurant..atmosphere was defo for the over 50s and food was extremly boring..waiters were fine and on the plus side ..the House White was really good at 30 pounds a bottle 
We booked this restaurant 5 weeks ago for 16 people at 2pm for boxing day.  
We visited PANNA’s on a Saturday evening. It was for my birthday! Mains were spectacular, whereas starter and dips were atrocious. Complete opposites! The dips had hair in it. Food took forever and the young kids were crying waiting for food. The waiters, what can I say? They’re not very able to listen. We told the waiters to get a vanilla ice cream but instead they brought us some dairy kulfi thing. The servants, well once again ruBBish. I would never recommended this piece of nonsense to anyone, not even my bully. The loud music ruined our experience. All we could feel and hear was a loud, thumping noise and sound! So, overall I hated that place. It was rubbbbbbbissssssssssh! 
After many years of successfully eating at Whitton Cafe I decided to go there again with a friend of mine.When eating the food, I noticed a stray hair in my baked beans. I immediately reported it to the waitress who just took the plate and stared at me without any apology or a replacement plate of food. When it came to paying up, they demanded the full price and said it was suspicious that I reported the hair after eating most of the food. I was horrified and my friend paid up and we left. This used to be a lovely Cafe but since they’ve changed ownership and staff, I will not be coming here again. Do yourself a favour and avoid this place! 
Clearly changed hands and what a shame were are all the fantastic waitress that work there all gone apart from 1 lady what a shame that this cafe as gone down hill food no were as good and under cooked  
We have been trying food in Queensway area. We found that most Chinese restaurants - Four seasons and Kom Tong- are particularly good. People said Gold Mine also has good food so we gave it a try. We ordered stir fried duck with black bean sauce and stewed chicken with salted fish. We found that the stir fried duck was very bland. Worst, the stewed chicken was undercooked. Blood came out of bones! The waiter was gladly to have it fixed. But we have lost confidence in the food here. Undercooked chicken is a serious matter. Better go elsewhere around here. 
Dinner for two was as dull as dishwater. Dreary and dated. This was a very bad fish experience. The menu and restaurant both need a complete overhaul. The service style is antiquated and embarrassing. Get the train and enjoy The Sportsman, Whitstable. 
I have previously reviewed this place and gave it 5 stars because the food has always been so good.  
Grass Fed Beef burgers are very nice - But be careful, my wife ordered Salmon & was violently sick.  
I had crispy noodles and mixed meat, you receive more sea food than meat and the meat you do get is very fatty. The overall meal was very tasteless,will not be going there again. 
Lovely ambiance and great food but very poor value and inattentive service for a large group. Not recommended for a party. 
This resturant, my god what a nightmare indeed! This culinary 'specialty' has yet to stimulate my taste buds; the food lacks the firey goodness, in which I desire in all of my culinary adventures. My food, upon arrival, was fairly cold and the noodles were limp and flaccid. Honestly, the only things that I found tolerable were the cleanliness of the toilets, and the tea which I believe to be Oolong. The soup dish I had for a starter, left my boyfriend with a rectal-like taste (his exact words haha!), and although the main course wasn't too bad I have to admit that shifting around in a wonky chair while trying to enjoy a meal was not the greatest experience.  
This place has gone downhill fast, after a little bit of a refurb they are now charging premium prices for both drinks and food. Some of the chicken on the mixed grill was still FROZEN in the middle, I had to spit it out. We were planning a long night, so started a tab, the establishment must have thought we’d get blind drunk as magically drinks we did not have were added to the order. We queried this but were not getting anywhere, so paid and left. I’ve been going to this pub for a long time now and will have to find somewhere else after this unforgettable (for all the wrong reasons) evening. 
Where do I start. Came here for a business lunch with my work, have been here before and it has been great however this time this was not the case. After ordering our food we waiting at least 30 minutes before the first meal came out, about 25 minutes after this the final meal came out, this left the final person eating on their own in front of everyone. I’d say the food was average but the service was an absolute shambles. We ordered 3 potions of chips which never arrived, staff came and asked 3 separate times if we were waiting for anything else and we explained we were waiting for chips.. we waited so long we gave up. Staff member made a very rude comment and then denied saying it after we complained. Staff didn’t seem to care and were extremely unorganised. Very disappointed with the level of service. 
We are regulars at masala and coal and over the last 4 months this place has gone downhill. The standard of food and portion size varies at each visit. Consistency is different on dishes ordered at each visit even when ordering the same food. Food temperature is warm rather then pipping hot. Since they opened the Ruislip branch the restaurant in slough has had the most appalling service. The Ruislip branch has a better menu which isn’t available in slough even though it’s meant to be the same restaurant. The old staff have also gone there. There seems to be no consistency in the slough restaurant and the staff cannot even pronounce the food names when they arrive on the table. We have been regular customers here for 2 years visiting 3 or more times a month. Won’t be returning here until they sort out the menu which is very limited compared to the Ruislip branch as well as the service. Unfortunately I can see this place closing down if they don’t do something about this soon. This restaurant used to be a gem it’s a shame that the standards have dropped so quickly. 
We booked for a special Friday night dinner and we had asked to sit in the garden. When we arrived there were three huge tables laid. We were not warned about these large groups and the noise levels were so bad we could not hear ourselves speak. In addition the garden was FREEZING. They provided us one blanket between the four of us and a hot water bottle. When I asked the waiter if they could switch on the garden heaters he said no, as they were by the large party and no by us. 
Went there on Sunday. Read the great reviews and thought I had to try. 
Very sad to see what has happened to this once lovely restaurant. I used to be a local and moved abroad and visit every time I come back to London. The new management have changed the amazing menu, the food was not only disgusting but the took forever to arrive, so did our drinks. The salad that arrived was not the salad described on the menu.The poor staff were trying to deal with all the complaints and frustrated clientele and the restaurant was half empty (this should have been a sign). I was so disappointed and saddened to see what has happened to Megan's and will never go back again. 
Wanted table back after 1hour 45 minutes , leisurely meal for 2 NOT !!  
Having been to Megans before and enjoyed it, we were disappointed with our last visit. The waiter covering the outside area was unbelievably surly and rude. We sat at a table (it was a 4 seater in an almost empty courtyard on a quiet weekday) and he just glared at us. Reading his expression, we offered to move to a two table and he snapped that yes, we should. When asked for clarification on a menu item, he was rude, patronising and it took asking twice to simply establish what the dish was served with, as this wasn't on the menu. It felt like a reasonable question. As such, we left without ordering. Zero tolerance for bad manners, too many nice alternative places in London that don't make guests feel uncomfortable. Megans is going downhill and needs to match its shabby chic relaxed brand with better trained non-pretentious staff. Not sure we'll bother returning.  
My hubby and i went to eat at the three tuns my hubby ordered mild chicken curry and he had chi cken with capsicum. 
We visited Megan's on 3rd March. The evening started out ok but my husband ordered steak which the waitress clearly didn't know what it came with so came back to ask 'would you like chips with that?' Which then my husband said 'the menu says it comes with chips!' Then after our starters we waited ages for our main, the waitress who took our order was serving the table next to us there mains, they arrived after us, and turned to us and said 'would you like the desert menu?' Which my husband responded with 'we would like our mains first!' They had clearly forgotten all about us! There wasn't much of an apology for the delay. We then decided we had had enough of the poor service and weren't staying for deserts. We got up to pay and the same waitress said ' not many customers leave without desert!' Which we replied ' it's due to the service we are not staying for desert!' Nobody seemed bothered that we were not happy, nothing taken off our bill or a sorry!  
No allergy menu, Rude Staff! Go if you enjoy being shouted at and made to feel stupid!  
Well, firstly the ownership and staff have recently changed and the service is now dreadful. Had to wait at least 20 minutes before our first drinks order was taken. On ordering our starters and main meal at the same time we asked for the starters to come first...2 out three starters came out and we had to remind them we’re still waiting for the mixed grill. A couple of the plates were dirty and was replaced. Again had to wait for another round of drinks because the waiter forgot to put the order through. Main meal did not taste as nice as the previous owners and we were charged for items on our bill that we did not order. 
Shocking, arrived at 19:30 and didn’t receive main course till past 11pm. Admittedly it’s during the eat out to help out promotion but the fact they have been taking more and more order despite having no resources to fulfil demand is embarrassing. Waitresses seem to have no knowledge or understanding on the delays all diners are experiencing. It’s a shocker! 
My wife and I stopped by for coffee and cake on a Sunday afternoon after strolling along the Kings Road... I wished we'd kept walking. Appearance-wise it has so much potential, however, it's let down by terrible service and poor management. After taking a seat downstairs we made a relatively simple order of cake, coffee and a pot of tea. After about 10-15 minutes had past with no sight of our order I tried to get the attention of one of the waiters... What then happened is inexcusable. The waiter muttered something under his breath which was plainly rude, then 'slammed' the tea on the table - we didn't deserve this treatment whatsoever. After going to complain to both managers (who both didn't seem to care at all) we abruptly left extremely disappointed and amazed at what a shambles this place is! I'm not surprised by other reviews and normally use Tripadvisor to leave positive feedback. Will not go anywhere near this place again. 
We were all so disappointed with our evening here. The food was underwhelming and not enough of it, served in the most sloppy & unappetising way and not enough of it, all a bit penny pinching really. It just doesn't make sense to place one board of food in the middle of a long table of ten - would have been so much better & easier to have one at each end so we could all help ourselves to the antipasti, such as it was. The main course of salmon and steak looked like it had been literally tipped onto the board, especially the salmon although it tasted better than it looked. It's a shame because it's a lovely venue and has a friendly feel to it, but I would never go back based on the over priced underwhelming meal we had there. 
Went last Saturday and service was so poor right from the word go. Waited 30 mins for someone to take our drinks and food order. Starters and mains came in one go. They forgot the mix grill from the order which came almost 1.5 hour later. Just an apology about how busy they are - so employ more staff and reduction in bill! Drinks order forgotten twice by them. Should of left without paying since all staff were running around like headless chickens, nobody would have noticed. Only saving grace was that the kids liked the chicken and lamb burgers.......... 
Have eaten here before and it was nice but today will be the last time I come here. Had one of the most awful experiences in a restaurant EVER! Not only was my food burnt (both courses) and sent back twice - which I could have chalked up to a bad chef/covid staff but the service was just plain rude. Manager trying to tell me that it was my fault that I didn’t complain enough and that burnt food was how they do it in Napoli, even though my husbands pizza wasn’t...... there was more staff than customers and yet no one checked in on us with each course so we had to keep flagging them to alert the inedible food. We careful but not anxious about covid but it’s clear that they have not taken any consideration about the virus accept the non Professional face masks. Other restaurants have clearly made changes. Didn’t seem like the menus have been wiped - certainly wasn’t when we handed ours back. We’re not offered to anti-bac our hands etc.... shame to put down a local business in these times but I there was so much wrong that I haven’t even put down that I’ve been motivated to post this today. 
Horrible, horrible, horrible service. Do yourself a favour and never set foot here.‎ 
Disorganised, rude and generally below par for the area. I certainly won't be coming back. The 'Manager' seemed wholly overwhelmed by the fact that they were fairly busy even though, according to her, they 'had been this busy for many weeks now'.  
We ordered a pizza and pasta with pesto, mozzarella was a chewing gum and pasta was not fresh and pesto came straight away from the jar, staff friendly and coffee nice but we are not going to repeat for sure. 
During my recent visit to the 3 Tuns, I was disappointed with the selection of beers and general cleanliness of the tables and menu. Although, the menu looked impressive, the actual service and food quality was poor.  
I live in Chelsea and have eaten at many restaurants across London. My first visit at Megans proved awful. The food was foul tasting, undercooked and was poorly presented not to mention the extortionate prices. The manager was rude and dismissive and on more than one occasion ignored my wife and I. I shall not be returning to Megans. 
The food was poor and the service was not much better. The veal tasted like spam. The pizzas were soggy. Extremely disappointed. At £70 a couple I was expecting value for money, which unfortunately it was not. Will not be going back 
arrived early and was greeted by Ruth the manager, very helpful she managed to arrange a table for four for us. Ordered drinks and food and sat down, place was averagely busy waiting for people to arrive who had reserved tables so no real panic in the kitchen. Been about 30 minutes saw food come out to a couple of table, ruth came over to us and dropped off some sauces ' which we may want when our food arrives '. We were then informed that a DJ would need the area about 8pm and if we wanted to move - should be ok as we will have eaten by then !!!! SO now 7.45pm still no food as i had brought friends especially to try the food I approached the bar and asked about our order, apparently it would be ten minutes. Now I'm asking is this ten more minutes or is it crap we have forget the order. Now 8.10pm DJ has arrived and starts setting up right next to us I once again approched the bar asking about the order just coming dont worry i'll give you a discount.....sorry to late asked for a refund and forget the food Its been over an hour and since asking other tables who had arrived after us where eating .......this is the 3rd time something like this has happened at this venus for me and each time I have given then a chance - NO MORE i wont be returning. Only positive is a nice girl who works there Julie who was very helpful and tried her best to resolve the situation - Ruth seems to have left by then thanks for the sauces... 
Third time already that I find crap in my food: hair, rocks and now a mile long black hair. Not to mention the condition of the loo, absolutely revolting.  
We came here for breakfast and we ordered the veggie breakfast. The haloumi cheese was almost black from being burned on the grill, the eggs were cold and the toast was burnt as well. Not the best breakfast for what you pay and definitely not coming back here.  
Ordered food  
Been going here for a very long time for food with family and wont go again as the food menu has changed and tasted completely different to how it used to be before they have done the place up..we had a mixed grill which we used to have before all you could taste was chilli sorry to say not the same no more.will be finding another curry place to eat shame was a really the best in slough before..i don't know if they have a new cook or what but most of my friends and family have said the same thing that the food is not as tasty as before.. 
We were looking for some take-out food for dinner, and this had come recommended from a friend so we decided to go for it (in hindsight, the complete wrong decision). 
This is most definitely the worst pub I have been to for food.  
A family member had booked this restaurant a few months previously for a significant birthday, we were a large party of 30+ hence being booked well in advance.  
Our visit here was quite simply one of the worst experiences we have ever had in a restaurant. This place is shoddily run with no accountability.  
Based on our recent visits, we felt the quality and taste of food has reduced drastically for vegetarian cuisine. Service has become extremely slow & very less staff.Some of the things we ordered ,did not come and appear in bill.I hope the management takes this review positively and improve. 
We ordered for onion tomato uthhapam and vegetable polao. However, they served chilly onion uthhapam. After complaining, they immediately agreed to correct it. They are more interested in insisting you to order more and more rather than listening properly what was ordered and note it down correctly. The veg polao is very ordinary and seems to be prepared by a novice person rather than an expert. Our home made polao is much more delicious compared to what we were served. Uthhapam was under cooked and prepared in hurry. The chatneys were also flavorless. 
Firstly sat down waitress asked for drinks, took order, then went off to other tables and forgot us, had to ask after 10 mins, then starters came out 10mins apart, to tip the balance main came out with cucumber on when on order told staff allergies on order, very disapointed, and not even an apology. Waist of my lunch time.  
I like turkish restaurant, but this one is the worst of all! Food is worst, quantity is a joke, and is very expensive! To be honest i really don't know if they are turkish or they use a turkish name, wich is a shame, in respect for turkish food!! 
Cannot for the life of me work out how this place is so popular. Four of us went last night and none of enjoyed our food. I would go so far as to say it was the worst pizza I’ve had for quite some considerable time. Soggy bottom and uncooked topping. Should have sent it back but just couldn’t be bothered. My advice is to avoid at all costs. High Barnet suffers from a lack of decent restaurants and this hasn’t done anything to change that. Get on the tube and go in to town if you want to find somewhere worth eating. Oh, and we arrived 10 minutes late and they’d already given our table away to someone else. 
Me and a colleague were passing through Slough and fancied a indian sizzler. After looking at the reviews on TripAdvisor we decided to come here. We ordered a large sizzler deal which includes a nan and 2 pints. Firstly the service was terrible as we felt ignored. Even a local elderly gentleman was getting annoyed and told the staff off for ignoring him. Anyway the food came and we were shocked how small the portion was and that it wasn't sizzling. We reluctantly ordered another large sizzler with a member off staff and asked if we could have some chicken wings on it instead of the tiny niblets they put on the last sizzler. The staff member sent the chef around to us who told us niblets are more expensive than wings and that's all they do even though they advertise wings on the menu. It cost us £32 in total and we wasn't even full and the food was mediocre. One large sizzler in the Builders Arms in Wolverhampton which is our local is the equivalent to 3 of their large and half the price. Rip off!!! 
This place tried to take advantage of a group of young people who came for an enjoyable evening. We waited over an hour for food, only for it to be oily.  
Totally bland tasteless food. A good sourdough pizza base completely ruined by poor quality toppings at a premium price. 
Our first experience was very good because we had quite full table of food. Second time we weren't that hungry so decided to get just pizza and drinks. We got a dessert menu even we didnt ask for one only because we didnt order anything for a while. After we finished pizza we got a receipt but we didnt ask for it! They kicked us out only because we ordered a pizza and nothing else so they didnt have any more profit from us! So basically they are nice but only when you order a lot. Btw prices very overpriced! 
worse experience in a long long time! We asked for the starters and the meain to come together but this didnt happen.  
Came from WoodGreen to try a local Turkish next to my friends neck of the wood.  
Awful 
The place is on the motorway, but we thought it could be a nice place in a horrible place. The menu looked promising as it had real French dishes at an expensive price. We ordered, then we looked around the place was filthy with dead flies and spiders on the floor next to our table. The good came and it was the worst food we have ever eaten. The potato dolphinouise was raw potato in water and the beef was old and so tough you couldn't cut it. The French stew was made with tinned meat. It was truly revolting, the lady was nice but she should give up and not run a restaurant so filthy and with dangerous overpriced / dirty restaurant. I vomited within 20 minutes of leaving. 
Went last night for our son's birthday. Shocking experience on every level. Noisy, couldn't hear each other. The family on the table next to us were highly abusive and threatening. They had an out-of-control child screaming and creating hell. 
Don’t eat from Kervan Seray Harold Hill unless you either: 
Well the Malborough restaurant 
 £44 for a beer, horrible cocktail, soggy pizza and basic pasta.  
Do not go near this pub around football matches, have witnessed 3 fights there, management always lets their favourite yobs stay and sends the others home.  
I am a local to the anchor pub for a number of years and it is getting increasingly obvious there is no care for this pub anymore . I rarely see any type of management as it's usually one staff member on which is a nightmare the kitchen is always closed the pub itself seems to have made up hours and was closed @9pm one Sunday I fancied a pint. 
Bought a pint - Monkey Brew? - of one of the two ales on offer. It was totally flat and tasted vile and I suffered half a pint before I abandoned it, I am not a fussy drinker. So I then went to the bar for the other one - local Bexley Brewery - and asked for a taster. This was just slightly better but I did not risk it and ordered a Guinness instead. When I told the manager that the beer was flat and awful I was told it was probably because it was the end of the barrel which I knew and I expect it had been on for over a week (three days is maximum it should be on) due to the lack of real ale being drunk there as it is mainly lager drinkers watching the sport on TV. However, on leaving I saw that he was still selling the Monkey Brew that he knew was unfit for consumption. Disgraceful. Last Christmas when I last drank there I had another poor pint, although not as bad and I got talking to the manager about real ale and told him I am in CAMRA and he moaned that the local branch do not support him by having socials there. If he can't understand why they don't then he needs to get out of the pub management business. 
As a post op transgender woman I was thrown out of the bathroom and out of the bar they did not allow me to leave with my purse 
Cider over £5 a bottle, Diet coke not much better. All their menues show 5 mussells in the Marinara but we got only 3, 1 which wasnt opened. My pizza had hardly any Pepperonni and very little chillies. The bowl of chips would have fitted on your hand really £3.89. The only saving grace was the Xmas cheesecake at least it tasted nice. Overall found it very poor value for money. 
I want here for lunch with my family it’s says they Serve lunch from 12pm to 2:30pm when I want there i asked for a food menu they told me if I want to eat come back at 6pm as they don’t do lunch I think this is so wrong if you don’t serve lunch remove the advertise meant 
I visited the cafe with family to enjoy the weekend, I was disgusted with the customer service and food was undercooked ! I approached the staff but my food was not replaced however just given a discount !  
Went to this pub at 5pm on a Thursday and although it appeared open the door was locked. I pressed the "door bell" button and we were greeted by an expletive ridden rant from an upper window saying that they were closed. It was extremely rude, offensive and inappropriate in front of my friend's 3 year old daughter. I would think twice about giving this pub your business. 
Disappointing, no idea what the place is like, got there for the advertised opening times wasn't open, called no answer. I assume as many other pubs have, this one has closed. 
It was the most horrible cafe experience of my life. We ordered coffee and paid and started to be served. After 15 minutes I ve decided go and ask at the till. Ask the waitress First is She making our coffees She Said no so I ve asked the guy at the till but he was shocked and when I told 15 minutes he replied me screaming “15 minutes” I didnt even get any answer and then that waitress came to us with take away cups and told us We ordered take away and normally We shouldnt be sitting and waiting. She told us She would make new ones but this is our fault. My husband told her he didnt order takeaway even he showed the table I was sitting. She was still right and doing us a favour in her mind I guess. I ve told there should be a misundrestanding. She went back and came with our orders. She was still talking about there is a mistake and when she was leaving I ve asked for a Sorry at least. She snapped at me “ I wont say sorry if you are not Happy you can talk to my Manager!! “ in a very High tone! I was shocked this time. Went back to the till but She was accusing me being rude to her still in very high tone. I tried to Explain but nobody listened. And I went back to my table and didnt enjoy my most horrible coffee in the town. It was a simple sorry and a smile We were waiting for but All We got was shouting and accusing. Wont go there back!! 
Ordered a take away jacket potatoe with carnation chicken without lettuce £6.95 disappointed to find when back at work no salad , £6.95 for a jacket with filling way overpriced won’t be returning 
I am Malaysian food foodie who likes the richness of the hawker style food. The curry chicken I had was awful, tasted like old chicken pieces sitting in a dish for too long. The fact that they served it at all knowing its quality, tells me that it does not care about quality. Can I trust it again? Not likely. The owners need to bring the quality of the food to the same standard as the good service provided by the staff. 
We came here for a breakfast a few days ago and i can honestly say i will never be back staff couldnt really be bothered not welcoming at all, disnt even give us a menu we had to go and look around and then ask for one. When we saw the menu we was shocked it us very pricey for a cafe.  
I was on business in Brentford with my husband and chose this pub on the basis of its five stars reviews. From the outside it was pretty, if a little disappointing inside - dingy and dark. The little garden outside was sweet, if a tad unkempt. We ordered a meal at 6.10 - by 7:30 our food had still not arrived. At this point I was hungry enough to eat the not entirely appetising table. We were told by the barman our food was on it's way. At this point the chef, an angry little Basil Fawlty of a man, finally made an appearance with the words "are you in a hurry, it's not fast food you know, it's freshly cooked." Well, I hasten to disagree - the food was edible to be fair - remember at this point I was hungry enough to eat the table - however my scampi tasted like something that had been deep fried from a low end supermarket, the oven ready chips reheated and the peas were dry. To take an hour and a half to screw up scampi and chips is quite an achievement. If you're not fussed about waiting for your meal or the quality of your food I recommend this place highly. The wine however was ok. 
Stopped here for dinner after reading excellent reviews on TripAdvisor, but we were deeply disappointed. The pub is pretty outside, but dingy, shabby and depressing inside. There is a pretty garden however, where we had our drinks. After waiting nearly ninety minutes for our food we complained to the barman who explained that a table of eight had ordered, and as they had booked and we hadn’t, we would have to wait. I said I wasn’t prepared to wait any longer but my wife was very hungry so we decided to sit it out. When the food finally did arrive it was accompanied by the chef who said, sarcastically, ‘are we in a hurry then?’ I said I wasn’t especially but I had been waiting for an hour and a half. He replied that he’d cooked the meal twenty minutes after he received the order and added ‘it’s fresh food you know, cooked from scratch.’ My meal of Madras Lamb, when I finally got it, was an average pub meal. Edible but in no way exceptional. We won’t be going back. 
We popped in for a drink one Saturday evening and this place is dire. Looks lovely and inviting from the outside but the inside couldn't be more unwelcoming. The place smells of disinfectant, the bar lady was more interested in continuing her conversation with the regulars than serving us and then when the CD got stuck for the umpteenth time in a short space of time there was total silence making a poor atmosphere even worse. (If that was possible!) 
We were really looking forward to this meal after our hotel highly recommended it. We walked a fair way to find it. Sadly we weren’t impressed.  
This place had been recommended by a friend who lived in the area over a year ago. Looks like it's gone downhill in a big way. Mixed grill was so over cooked and over heated (included chicken wings which had turned blue!) that it was inedible. The saag dish was black from over heating, the nans awful, etc, etc. 
Not only was this the worst curry it has to be the worst meal ever! Tasteless and overpriced! I wouldn’t go back, the restaurant seems run down and not very friendly  
Take away Egg & Bacon sandwich and a coffee - £7.55  
Very poor service at Walnuts Petts Wood today. Ordered 3 x Breakfast, 2 came without mushrooms and butter for toast and when queried was told the chef was very busy and wasn’t offered what we had paid for or a discount!! 
I walked out of Orpington Bella Italia on 19/Nov/2019 in disgust at my extremely brief experience.  
I’ve just visited walnuts petts wood this afternoon for lunch, on people’s recommendation I don’t know how. Very uninviting when you walk in with young staff that don’t know what they’re doing and seem like they don’t want to be there at all. Overall food was awful being dry and unseasoned and service was just as bad. I was asked if I want to keep the empty glasses on my table, well of course not, quite unprofessional in my eyes having worked in hospitality for the past 3 years.  
As we arrived, the staff were loudly discussing various issues that some customers were having that evening. After waiting for ages for them to take our order, we took the initiative and asked for drinks, despite not being being offered a drinks menu. My starter arrived at the same time as my partners main, and once I had finished it, my main was brought out. The toughest beef rendang I have ever eaten, and my partner's nasi lemak was nothing to write home about either. While the staff were friendly, they were also very slow. Poor show.  
We went to this so called trendy bistro with friends on Sunday, busy restaurant, looked great and I had high hopes, no body greeted us and we sat and waited for staff to stop talking and take our order,when asked what was recommended she shrugged her shoulders so we should have known then, 
We were visiting London and since we read a lot of good reviews we wanted to have our English pub dinner at this pub, never mind we did not booked a table, but anyway, we were looking forward for our English pub dinner and then when we were greeted with a angry man, who mumbled, do you have booked a table? Let me say, the whole pub 
So I'll try and keep my review short and sweet, the older gentlemen who looked like the owner is a very rude man and his staff are clueless. Took 10 minutes to give a menu for a lunchtime that is a long time, We all went for the buffet to not waste time as it was a working lunch, 30 minutes into the whole experience the older gentlemen asks us to finish and "free up the table as i need it". Me and my colleagues are very young however we were dress in our work suits, maybe we were picked out because of our age, however there was no need to pick us out of the pack and make such a rude comment asking us to leave. I would like to state there was 2 other 4 seater tables available and there was no queue. Never returning again and genuinely ladies and gents stay away 
I entered solo and was seated at a 2 seat table near the counter, and there was another 2 seat table beside the door. After 5 minutes while I was reading the menu, 2 men came in to the restaurant and the waiter asked me to get up and move to the table beside the door. It was a cold day and I said I'd prefer not to. No reason was given as to why these men couldn't get the table by the door and why I should move to the worse table. Because I was dining solo? Because I am a woman? I got there first. It was not my fault the restaurant had booked itself out (there were 3 other 2 seat tables sitting empty because the restaurant were waiting for a party of 6). The men decided not to sit by the door and the waiter seemed annoyed with me (the cold table hadn't been good enough for them but should have been good enough for me apparently). I finally placed my order, which came to £12 and was told that I didn't meet the £15 minimum spend to sit at a table (which was not announced anywhere in the restaurant). The waiter then complained that he'd sent the men away when it looked like I wouldn't be spending much. I took that as my cue to leave, and cut my order in half to take away - not wishing to spend more time or money there than necessary. Very condescending and discriminatory. Horrible way to treat any customer, solo or otherwise. The chicken wings I ordered to take away were ok but very salty. Overall an unpleasant experience. 
Tried this place as it was opposite Olympia where we had been working all day. The service was absolutely shocking. Waiter didn't seem to care about the customers. We were not asked if we wanted poppadoms to start we had to ask for them. Not asked if we wanted any sides like onion bahjis or naan bread had to ask for them. Asked for some more drinks when the food arrived, didn't get them for ages until we had finished the food. Naan bread was thin, hard and horrible. Our two friends ordered the same curry but one asked to have a very mild version. When they came they were both the same and she could not eat it and it had to be made again.  
Feel a bit guilty about leaving this review . We stayed next door in the pub and fancied an Indian, we first tried another Indian but it was full so settled on this one. Staff were really friendly but we were the only ones in the restaurant (Saturday night)- not a good sign but we convinced ourselves we would be spoilt. 
The staff was unhelpful Simona , the food was cold and no tasting. When we order the food we saw many rat and cockaracher in the restaurant. I will never go and eat again it was uful place to eat malysian lagenda restaurant . 
Omg the service is so terrible and the food is so bad. I'm Malaysian and I can cook much better food then them. The waiter is rude and took wrong order. No apology at all. Wow I just can believe how can a restaurant run like this!!!!!!! 
My goodness me, where to start on this shambles of a place. It´s situated in a pretty part of London near Bayswater and is inside the lobby of a hotel. We were seated and then asked what drinks we would like. I asked what beers they had and the waitress said she was new and would have to ask her colleague. Said colleague was not to be seen so the waitress went behind the bar and wrote down all ten bottled beers and read them out to us. Astonishingly, at the same time, she handed me a menu which had all of the beers listed on the back!! I asked for a Tiger beer which took her ten minutes to find, open and pour. Meanwhile, my girlfriend made the mistake of asking what wines they had (before having received the menu) and was told red or white!! Seriously. Again, the waitress went back to the bar and came back with two mini bottles of wine and pronounced the white one as PEE NOT GRIJ EEO. I kid you not. Onto the food. I ordered mine without fuss but my girlfriend wanted one of the Malaysian dishes but as it was not spelt in English she wanted to know what it was. It was under the vegetables part of the menu and the waitress told her that she didn´t know what it was and...................she would have to ask her colleague. Said colleague eventually came down from checking her phone and told us what it was..............................."it´s vegetables", she said. This much we knew, but WHAT vegetables and what is it cooked in?¨"Vegetables in a sauce", she said. We were about to walk out but my girlfriend was laughing so much that she forced me to stay and see it through. The food was appallingly bad. Crackers were stale, main courses limp and bland and the price!! 55 pounds for two of us. At 9.30pm we were reminded that the place closed at 10 and we would have to be out. "Don´t worry about that", I said. Whatever you do, do not go here. Just don´t. 
Came in to eat on Monday the waitress took us to the table.... Another waitress came over, she took our food order and drinks... and then it just went downhill from then on. 
I had a voucher from groupon I mentioned when I booked a table for 3 course they billed me £56 which i paid already to groupon I told waitress which is very rude and bad attitude .i refuse to pay full amount then she accept voucher.i had a very bad night in this restaurant I dont recommend to everyone!!! 
The food was cold, tasteless and greasy. Authentically names Malaysian food but far from it. There's plenty of places in London to get a great meal at the same price with better service. 
1. If you like your starter served as a starter rather than with your main course 
Tiny portions of terrible food  
The delivery man was so rude to me on the phone I had to write something. When he couldn't find my flat he called me and we realised the address was slightly wrong. He became frustrated and then hung up on me. I then assumed that was it, he had gone back to the restaurant and cancelled the order. He then pitched up at my flat and I told him that I didn't want the food because he hung up on my and that was rude - I don't agree with service like that. He swore at me calling me something I cannot write on here and hung up on me again. I won't be going back, and from reading other reviews it seems like this isn't an isolated incident. 
Came with my husband and young children, service was very very slow and we felt like gooseberries most of the time, whilst the girl in charge was fawning all over the chubby waiter boy, totally inappropriate behaviour in front of children when you are trying to have a leisurely meal, rubbing his hair , whispering and giggling , would not recommend or return 
Ordered a bruschetta for my starter to receive tomato’s on toast, no dressing, no onion. Had to send back and ask for them to re do, for mains my pasta with prawns came out freezing cold (definitely not cooked fresh), asked them to cook again freshly and it came out cold again!! At this point I was beyond shocked. Requested for it to be taken off the bill. Spoke with waitress who claimed a new chef has started and they have had previous complaints about him? Why is he still working there? You could give someone food poisoning for re heating prawns. Also me and my friend ordered 2 cokes which where flat had to re ask for which they came out with cans, ended up having it taken off the bill as I was not happy with the food, never coming back, it wasn’t even busy that’s the really sad part. 
Whilst I never usually take the time to leave reviews I was so disappointed with my visit to the restaurant to catch up with old school pals I hadn’t seen for 20 years, we picked this restaurant because we all went to school here back in the day felt it appropriate. What a let down, the atmosphere was very sour even though the restaurant was not that busy and the staff all seemed very disgruntled. Food was very slow coming and no different to having a freezer meal at home only more expensive. The atmosphere within the restaurant put a dampener on our meal and we would not recommend this place to anyone. Over priced freezer food with slow rude staff 
Stayed at this hotel when our flight out of Heathrow was cancelled. 
We were sent to this hotel, Crowne Plaza, Heathrow, by Delta Airlines because our flight to Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, was cancelled. We were given three vouchers for meals. One for lunch, dinner and breakfast. We were not  
Live locally in Weighbridge and like to go Oatlands Park for coffee, lunch and Sunday carvery during weekends. Staffs are always nice and polite. Yesterday afternoon went with husband for a coffee while booking flights on laptop. Sat there for three hours (3 PM to 6 PM) and been approached by a lady who later claims she is not the manager but works with the manager, asked us: how long have you been staying here? How much you have spent here? You cannot stay here for whole day just paying for a glass of water. Me and my husband are so shocked as for so many times been in this hotel we are never asked to leave because we stayed there more than two hours. And what make us feel unpleasant is how can they judge customer by how much money they spend? And while there were other guest there were not been questioned by this lady, and this lady also asked 'why i haven't seen you been here?', i feel been treated differently because i am not white. I will never go to this place again! 
There was four or five staff on the floor and we waited awhile to be seated. Once seated we looked at the menu and we were ready. There was a member of staff laying a table so I asked could we order as we were ready. She said be just one minute. She carried on laying the table then walked off and started seating people. She then totally ignored us. After sitting in there for 15 minutes i said to my friend the service is absolutely disgusting. I left the place and went to scala which is fantastic. I was seated straight away then within minutes as was I ready to order. Food and service in scala always excellent. I will never go to bella italia in Orpington again. 
Food is disgusting! Worst sweet and sour chicken I've ever had. 
Went for lunch with whole family. Ordered 2 fresh mint tea. My husband poured from his teapot and dirt(compost or soil) settled at bottom of drinking cup. I poured from my teapot and there was a bug floating. Told the waitress and she didn’t seem to care that the mint leaves haven’t been washed before serving. She just said she’ll take it off the bill. 
I booked this stating it was my mums birthday and I wanted it to be really special as my dad had recently passed away. We arrived to find out the restaurant was closed as they had Shell there for a conference and we were now sitting in the lobby of the hotel!!! I booked this 4 weeks in advance and they never called or let me know so I had the chance to go elsewhere as I would never had accepted this had I known!!! After seating we waited over 40 mins to get a drink and were given the menu to pick the tea but I had already picked this on my booking...I did complain and was offered a glass of prossecco, I was driving and my mum and her friend don't drink!! Then offered a discount on my next visit...there won't be one. The food was not great although the scones were lovely and fresh just very disappointed...even more by the fact they charged 12.5% for service and the fact I emailed them that evening stating how disappointed I was and embarrassed as this was meant to be special and they haven't even acknowledged the email... very disappointing!!! 
Visited Bella Italia in Orpington this afternoon with my family (incl 2 children). We had not been before and having found the 25% off food offer from the Odeon we thought we would give it a go.  
Pizza dough tasted like the cheapest frozen one form the supermarket. Definitely not Italian. The dessert we had was lemon cheesecake and brownie - it couldn't be worst. We felt insulted knowing we have to pay for that. Lemon sauce and the ,,cheese" tasted incredibly artificial, also way to sweet and way to sour. I have never put a bad review online in my life, but this time I can't stop myself as it was sooo bad. The waitresses were completely ignoring us even though they were not that busy and we had to stand up from the table and ask for service. Like they were trained to avoid eye contact. They never asked if we liked our food. I wouldn't even give one star if that was an option. 
Once tried Bella Italia elsewhere, and my birthday pizza ended up face down on the carpet whilst being served. 
I had never been to a Bella Italia restaurant and I won’t go back. 
Waited to be seated and time for orders to be taken and wait in food a joke, been 18 months since last visit and will be the last 
My partner and I use to go the croydon branch but since it was closed we decided to take a drive to Oprington. From the outside in the branch looks good but once your in..it’s all over! Service is ok not great but the food is terrible. The chef does not know how to cook to spec and I honestly thought it was just our table then I looked across the table beside us..I felt sorry for their Arancini which was totally burnt and over cooked. My prawns was so dry that the shells was resisting to peel. My onions in my carbonara was burnt. Definetly won’t be returning to this branch. Your food standards and cooking methods would drive Mr Gordon Ramsay through the roof. It was the worst I’ve had in any bella italia!  
My husband and I visited for the £7 buffet option, the food tasted average really and then a waiter objected to me eating some of my husband's naan bread. He decided to tell us off which was OTT. Won't be going back... 
Terrible service. Food is average but because it is convenient some of us friends go thier and have lunch regularly. They have this new waiting staff ( sports a stubble). He is rude, has no concept of service. How come these people find jobs? This is my last visit here. 
I went to this restaurant with a friend. I am a huge fan of indian cuisine, so I would like to think I have a fair understanding of good and bad dishes. The meal I ate here was off the scale. It was horrendous. I don't think I have ever stopped eating a meal after a couple of mouthfuls. I was really hungry too. The first indication that this wasn't going to go well was the mango chutney. I have no idea how you get this so wrong. We had a chilli paneer and shami kebab for starters. The chilli paneer was ok I guess. However, the shami kebab was unbelivable. It had the texture of a weetabix and slightly less flavour than an unused toilet role. I am convinced it wasn't even meat. For the main dishes we ordered a lamb dish on the specials menu and a Kharai keema. The lamb dish arrived with a visible skin on it. The meat was possibly not even lamb. It was absolutely disgusting. The keema was equally as bad and again the meat was very unlikely to be lamb. The nan was decent. However I am struggling to fathom how you can get pilau rice so wrong.  
This is a slightly late review as our family have been awaiting a response from the management of the Oatlands Park Hotel regarding complaints we had about our Christmas Lunch. To date despite recorded delivered letter sent in January, at least 5 phone calls to thier Manager Ross Lomanto who promised call back from thier Heathery Dogherty. No response has been made. This speaks volumes from a organisation that has no idea of customer relations. 
Food just average. Waiter is rude. Told us to bring exact change next time as he did not have £20 change. Hated his behaviour. Will never visit again. 
We went on a groupon deal and had the set meal included but it wasn't all that but thankfully the hotel was happy for us to upgrade and pay the difference of the price of the set meal and the al la carte meal. We choose from the al la carte meal and I had the rack of lamb and hubby the steak. We got our starters at the same time as the next table who ordered at the same time as us from the set menu. Then we got their mains (set menu lamb chop x 2) hubby started eating and I raked around at mine saying this looks like a lamb chop not a rack of lamb. I then looked at hubbys and said you ordered steak but you've also got lamb. I then realised this was not our mains. We had to wait a bit to attract someones attention. They took the 2 meals to the bar, had a group discussion and then served them to the other table. Hubby said I so wouldn't want that now if I were them but the other table hadn't seen it being served to us first!!!! We waited and waited and then finally found someone to ask if ours was coming and then there seemed to be some confusion and eventually ours came out when the next table were on their dessert. Once again nobody around to ask us if everything was ok and nobody around to tell them the steak ordered medium rare was cooked medium well. We would have sent it back if there was anyone around before it was completely eaten. We told the waitress when she cleared the table as that was the first person we saw. She didn't care. We told the waiter when he took our dessert orer. He comped us a drink. I rather pay for my drinks and have an expensive steak cooked to my liking. Would never go back after seeing food served and reserved, yuk!!!!! Breakfast was very nice although lots of people were in search of the plates and some food ran out of the hot buffet. 
Booked in September for 6 people for afternoon tea with live music. In the mulberry resturant. Turned up was seated in the terrace... which turned out to be an added building. It was very very cold. Had 2 blow heaters, which were rather useless... Manager came to speak to us . Showed him the email and he said. Oh yes the website was updated in October and there was no live music either. We said how cold it was and he replied with its 20 degrees in here. Would you like free presseco!!!!! That was it. I sat there with my coat on the whole time as did my mum whos 80th birthday it was... 
Thes sat us at a table with very little access to get to dining area as there were large round table with chairs back to back, surrounding uswe had taken an elderly aunt there for Sunday lunch. We either had to wait for people to move or push our way through. We ordered our drinks and the waiter bought the wrong ones twice!!!! We th n went for our starters and it was almost empty no seafood asked waiter and they said it was finished for lunch, so we were left other very little selection. The main course was good and I will say the roast potatoes are probably the best we have ever had. The desert table when we got there again was very limited a few small desert were left and sticky toffee pudding 
If you are an Asian then you are bound to feel that you are not welcome in this restaurant. 
If you are indian and you know the real taste of the food don't go to this place ever. We went for buffet which cost £6 and what we see is unbelievable. 4-5 items which includes only plain rice, daal, chicken curry, alu saag and naan. Naan which u can order only 1 not more than that. Will, this is not called buffet. Buffet is more than 10-15 items. They explain that in this area giving this much is more as a buffet. Ridiculously waste of money... As we order some other items we just ask the person who was so called owner that can we cancel the order as we just asked that man, he started shouting on us. It felt like we are eating on street and asking for more. Is this called customer service? I really don't understand how trip advisor certified this restaurant. 
It's the worst restaurant I have been to. The food was bad and the attitude of the restaurant owners is as if they are doing a favor. Avoid it !!! 
Terrible service, rude mainly because staff appear to be naive and untrained - food served was awful, burnt and cold. (Walnuts Petts Wood). Wanted skinny latte but no skimmed or even semi skimmed milk - eh?!!!Certainly won't be going again. No excuse 
Waited ages for cheese and ham toastie which turned out to be cold with congealed cheese. No challenge to people coming in without masks - very poor.  
Took my son here after the cinema. Practically empty. Left standing by ‘please wait to be seated stand’ for ages despite the odd member of staff popping in and out of the kitchen. Lady who sat us down didn’t seem particularly interested in us more a staff argument. Eventually got served. When meal arrived meat over cooked and dry side orders cold. Looked around but staff either standing around talking about private life or disappeared. Been there three times this year. Each time I hope it’s improved but it gets worse. Ate quickly and left. Will not be returning. 
The single most disgusting pie I’ve ever had.. It must have been reheated a dozen times. Recently moved to the area and I’m very disappointed.  
I went with my grandchildren today and i am absolutely disgusted with my service 
Visited on a quiet Sunday, maybe 10 people in the restaurant - TERRIBLE service. I would hate to see how they would cope if it was busy. The serving staff were all sitting around the kitchen window talking. I'm guessing there was no manager on duty! Ordered 2 rounds of drinks and they got drinks wrong on both occasions. I really got the feeling that they simply couldn't care less. 
Ordered a delivery after reading reviews, took over an hour to arrive. The Nan was undercooked and cold and didnt even look like a nan, more like a heavy lump of dough wrapped in foil and soggy. The Lamb tikka Masala was swimming in oil and hot instead of mild, no cream added as meant to. The rice was off brown colour, the onion bajis were the worst ive seen, onions covered in a undercooked heavy batter. They forgot the additional extras I'd paid for.  
We visited on a quiet Tuesday evening as we are staying in the premier inn opposite and thought Bella italias as they are a chain would be nice reliable food. We were wrong. The service is poor it’s like they want you in and out as quick as possible, no atmosphere, staff would rather talk to each other than paying customers. Food was terrible!!!! My partners pasta was soggy, tasted like a tin of spaghetti hoops and I would of rather had a ready meal from Sainsbury’s but premier inn doesn’t have a micro wave, would of paid less for a ready meal too! Won’t be returning!!!!!!! 
Ordered a chicken a rib main. It arrived cold, but the coleslaw had browned where it was sat under a heat lamp. I sent it back and told that it would be made fresh while my Wife and Daughter ate theirs. Mine arrived 5 mins later, it had just been heated in a microwave. I was throughly disgusted, I sent it back, and ate nothing. I was given a massive £20 off the bill, which was big of them as my meal cost £16.99 I’ve been there over the years, and the bad meals outweigh the nice meals. Their are better restaurants in Orpington. 
We have never had such bad service. 
A big fan of Bella italia, however this was one of the worst meals of my life. I had the olives which lived in a jar of murkey stagnent looking water that quickly went bone dry in my dish and left a white residue on them not to mention most of them were still hard and unripe. Still I was excited for my main that I have every time I go - meatballs. Let down again! Instead of the big dish loaded with rich tomato sauce as I’m used to having I had a mass of pasta, very lightly coated, with my meatballs just dumped to one side of the bowl. Very disappointed and upset with my dinner, I will not be visiting again. 
Air con was great on a very hot day - there were very few diners but we waited sooo long for our food, our server was lovely though. 
Unfortunately , when we arrived at the cafe on a wet Sunday morning , there were few tables free . A very sourly floor manageress told us to wait by the door until someone paid their bill and left . I pointed out that there were two tables free which were clearly not reserved , but was told it was strictly for three or four people only . On looking around the cafe this was clearly not the case . After waiting for 10 minutes on her recommendation , it became clear she was not interested in our custom . She did not apologise nor communicate nor exhibit any customer friendly manners , so we decided we eventually had to abort and leave into the rain . Did they not want anyone over the age of 40 eating in their cafe perhaps , and was this a sign of indirect ‘ ageism ‘ I wonder ? A pity , as we live locally but will never visit the cafe again .Manageress attitude need to lighten up and change - or get the boot ! 
The order had to be repeated six times before the waiter understood, the order was rushed giving no time between courses, the food was almost cold and had to be returned twice, we had to ask eight times for the wrongly added up bill and were refused the courtesy chocolate after the meal despite other customers being given them. Staff refused to help a blind friend to the rest rooms or assist him when leaving. Don’t go there! 
When I first moved to London this was one of the best curry houses close to my address. I previously reviewed 5*. I brought my family to the restaurant in high hopes. On arrival the place wasn't very clean like before and had a weird smell. We sat down to our table and was offered poppadoms and drinks. Poppadoms turned up we scooped some mango chutney only to find an ant on the spoon. We moved the spoon around in the mango chutney to find multiple ants in the mango chutney. The onion part was all stuck together meaning it was not fresh. The drinks came over but due to the ants in mango chutney we asked to leave. The waiter did say we didn't have to pay which was nice but wow what a change will never return and wouldn't recommend  
Bland food, bored staff, no alcohol licence, so don't go on an office party, not that you would be welcome, because it would be too much hassle for them to sort out. When the food was challenged, no offer of discount or an apology or to put it right. Dreadful place. Stay away. 
Went for dinner 29/04 at 5.45, family of 5 (2 having kids menus), booked online but table not ready. Waited while they cleared a table and pushed 2 together. Given 2 adult menus and one kids menu/activity sheet. Had to ask to order 25 mins after being seated. Also had to ask for second kids menu/activity sheet, twice, so both kids were entertained. Also asked for crayons as wasn’t given. Starters arrived and were good. Mains arrived an hour after being there. Was clear that the pizza and garlic bread had been done for some time and left under the lamp, dried out and crispy and we’d seen it sitting there, but edible after the wait. Onion rings were completely cold and asked for them to be replaced, which they happily did. Helped ourselves to a desert menu and had to ask to order.  
20 minutes before offered a drink over an hour for food and think they were cooking it for the entire time we waited. Couldn’t even get a fork in the burgers......this is not an exaggeration inedible will never go back. 
We travelled up from Cornwall, my partner phoned on the way to book a table for the four of us. The person who answered the phone advised us it's not busy enough on Fridays to warrant booking so just turn up.  
Well at the website says open until 11 pm , I went on Saturday at 9:45 pm and the waiter said that they were closing at 11 pm so they would not be able to serve , after that she offer vouchers for next time ... I refuse obviously I’ll will never go back . 
Visited for a family meal. As soon I sat down I could see the cutlery wasn’t clean - in fact it had dried on food from someone else’s meal. I altered the waitress who promised to replace it. When my pizza was delivered the pizza cutter also had dried on food on it. Seriously concerned about the hygiene in this place! Wouldn’t eat here again. 
Having eaten here before (and reviewed on TA), had several deliveries and recommended Kathmandu Inn to people and in other online forums, last night's efforts were hugely disappointing. 
Busy Saturday night dinner, table of 4. 
I ordered for starter BBQ chicken wings - Good quality, barely any meat. I ordered for main pepperoni and ham pizza, first i waited about 10 mins then they try to give me chicken and ham pizza SRSLY. Then waited another 7mins finally my order, ham was chewy as rubber and there were many fatty bits. Overall not impressed the only good thing was my mocktail. 
Frozen food, horrible pizza! I have made a complaint to head office, this guy try to call me and i call him back but never answer phone and never return my calls! 
How do you choose 0 stars? The lady with the short brunette hair was so rude to me on Saturday morning - asking me to wait outside in the rain and cold with my 7 year old godson who I wanted to treat to brunch that day and his 12 year old brother. When I asked if we could wait inside by the door, she very rudely told us that she cannot 'manage' us differently to everyone else and asked us to go outside. Never in my life have I been spoken to like this. Her voice also got louder. As a neighbour of the Wet Fish, I've been here many times and I am afraid to say that I will never be returning. Neither would I recommend to anyone. So disgusted and horrified. Her negative attitude stayed with us throughout the day. In the end we decided to go somewhere else as we couldn’t eat food from these people. The whole restaurant was looking at us because her voice got louder and louder.  
My starter was very nice.The main course came and half way through eating my meat i noticed that it was partially covered by plastic film.very unpleasant and i hope i didn't eat any of it. 
Went here for the first time tonight, walked up to 3 staff who basically blanked us and didn't even smile when they looked at us so we hovered until we were eventually shown to a table so not really a very welcoming start. 
Wow! This was like a real life Fawlty Towers episode and I genuinely mean that! 
I went in here on a Wednesday lunchtime. I have never eaten in this chain before and although I didn't expect a high standard, I thought it would be able to deliver three simple lunches quickly and that they would be edible. 
Me, my husband and a family member attended Bella on Sunday 15th Oct for lunch.  
About 18 months to 2 years ago, this restaurant was lovely and I had enjoyed the meals. Now however it is awful. There are not enough waiters and they are so slow. The food was a gluttonous mess on the plate and 2 of us had burgers that were chewy and dry. As we were a group of girls going to the movies, we only wanted one course and were busy chatting to one another, nobody said anything about their meals until the following day when all 5 of us agreed we had a bad meal. Once we had drinks we weren't asked again for any more, I realised only later that my meal was supposed to have pine nuts on the top and I didn't have any. Won't be going again, off to the Nandos instead. 
My daughter booked a table for 2pm as a pre cinema birthday meal. On arriving at restaurant, waited ten minutes before someone came to us. Explained we had booked and as a wheelchair user needed an accessible table, was offered a table in the far corner, not at all accessible. Again my daughter explained we had booked and had stated on booking wheelchair user. The guy serving said makes no difference, and even if we wanted table offered there would be a 40/60 minute wait, so take it or leave it, so we left. Don’t bother to book as makes no difference and customer service is horrendous. Never go there again.  
Went here to celebrate an occasion ordered the food and a bottle of prosecco the food came and it was cold, dry and not nice. The prosecco came and it wasn't even the prosecco it was the house sparking wine I asked the manager and he tried to tell me it was prosecco which was £5 more I ended up googling it to prove it!! My husbands pizza had hardly no cheese on there and he was told that he could have Parmesan sprinkled on it.... really. Our chips never came till we had nearly finished.  
The food was taste disgusting, like from microwave and from Iceland, we took starters and main pasta, none of them was tasty, we definitely won't come there again 
I went for a pre cinema meal with my partner on Friday night, we had pre booked and were seated quickly, it wasn't very busy inside for 7:30pm on a Friday.  
I visited this restaurant with a friend. It was 7p.m when we entered the place was practically empty. My friend was on crutches and a very pleasant, helpful young lady showed us to a suitable table, even rearranging the chairs and helping to seat my friend. Unfortunately it was all downhill from there when another staff member took our order. We got our drinks and after a while our garlic bread which should have accompanied our meal. However the meal arrived over an hour later! A couple on the adjacent table arrived just 10 minutes after us and specifically asked how long they would wait as they were going to the cinema next door at 8:30. They were told that would be fine. After waiting 45 minutes my friend asked about our meal. I saw the waiter standing by his screen looking through various orders. Then went to the kitchen returning with 2 plates. He didn't seem to know which table, we had to tell him. The another chap followed carrying a burger but on overhearing my friend telling the other waiter , no that's not mine he assumed it was for neither table and walked away! The couple on the next table had to ask someone to call him back and we still had a meal each missing. Finally got served around 8p.m. We finally left at 8:20 and the couple had to ask to take their other meal so they could make it to the cinema. To cap it all we were freezing throughout as the weather had changed some days ago but they still had air con on! Will never be going here again. 
We just had the misfortune of wasting money on this place for Friday night Deliveroo. This is 'cheap-to-make', 'big markup' cooking at its best.... I'm kicking myself for ordering from here, I knew it would be tragic. 
I went here yesterday with family and children it was empty for Sunday lunch time which should have been a clue. We waited well over an hour for our food and had to ask the waitress to take our order. 
Went there on the 1/7/17 and all I can say this is the slowest branch I have been in Bluewater's staff run around all over making sure you're never without a drink etc  
I'm sitting in the restaurant as I write this, pretty much empty when we arrived we awaited by the desk to be seated for 10 minuets until we ended up seating ourselves. Totally understaffed waited ages for food and never once got offered a second drink. Don't go here if your in a rush, this is located next door to a cinema which we left plenty of time to come here and enjoy a meal but ended up rushing to eat our food to get to it on time. Poor service and average food tables were dirty and we had to get our own cutlery..... absolute joke  
Terrible service!!! Food terrible!!! Coctail even more terrible!!! You can see how looks like 6.50£ coctail .... 
It was crap service when it opened and it's just as bad now and after all this time it's been open.  
Turned up at 12, no one to seat us, got sat down gave menus, 20 mins later finally got a drinks order, 20 mins later had to chase down staff to take our order, 25 mins later chased staff for starters which had been under warmer for 15 mins, finished starters and another 20 odd mins for microwaved pasta, we didn't stay for dessert, wouldn't of minded the weight of busy, 3 tables and 3 serving staff, will never return  
Restaurant was empty and we had to wait for 
Have been a few times and service always slow, food always cold too. My partner and I came tonight and was left sitting there for well over 15 minutes without taking drink let alone food orders ''wasn't even remotely busy'. We got so fed up with waiting we just walked out.  
Very normal fish, overcooked Cod, paid £25 for a glorious fish and chips without any alcohol, extremely noisy 
We ordered a takeaway rather expensive the never put the curry sauce in for my biryani when we called they asked us did we need it. Said would deliver it 20 mins later still not arrived. Will not order again  
Ive lived in the area for around 12 years, the The Wet Fish Cafe used to be a place of safety, a cafe that you could go to knowing the food and coffee were great and the service was spot on. Over the years I’ve witnessed the steady decline of this once wonderful establishment. Its a real shame. Had breakfast here this morning, ordered 2 coffees they came 10 minutes apart. The waiter took the wrong food order luckily they pushed the right order through and we finally managed to have our meal a good while after ordering. The food was good, you used to be able to order extra stuff on the side like sausages but they seem to have stopped that now. :( 
My crab starter was served on a piece of very heavy dry bread. The main course of tempura cod was extremely small, the crushed potato accompaniment was cold, the summer French beans were mixed veg. Apart from that..... Will not be returning 
My husband and I absolutely loved this chain and would always eat there when in London. We've also taken others to lunch and recommended Bella Italia. Sometimes the waiter knew exactly what we would have. The service was excellent. So when my father in law visited Orpington, we recommended it. We were served by a young lady whose manner was that of someone who just lost a bet. We were stared at by what I assumed to be relations of the owner/manager, as the child was still in her school uniform and although sat at a neighbouring table did not order anything. We were then stared at by another lady who covered her eyes with sun glasses although it was early evening.  
First time I have ever been motivated to write a review on trip advisor. We are sat in Bella Pasta having watched at least 3 tables leave without paying for food that is so late and cold it defies belief. My two children have currently waited over an hour for a starter ! 
We gave this restaurant a second chance following a poor first visit. After a very long wait for our first course two out of three meals had to be sent back as they were cold and by the time mine was returned my companions had finished their meals, my pizza toppings appeared to have been thrown on after the pizza was cooked and were raw and tasteless, after service the staff were nowhere to be seen. 
Overall Experience Was Rubbish! My first time going to Bella Italia and it will be the last. The restaurant was very quiet when we arrived with only 4 tables of people to serve. Our drinks took so long to come out that we had nearly finished our starters, which they had also messed up on the order. We then tried to grab the attention of the general manager for our drinks as he was standing behind the bar doing nothing, he then looked straight at us and we were completely ignored. The food tastes like it was heated up in a microwave and one of the chefs was even leaning across the counter munching away on some food. To top off the experience we asked for the bill which the waiter took as a indication to go chat with the chefs and stare into oblivion. It's so clear that management is extremely poor here and you seriuosly need to review on how your establishment is run. I won't ever be eating here again. 
Arrived at the restaurant at 5.20 and was served by a very sullen lady, no eye contact, no smile (I believe she was the manager!!). Our drinks and starters arrived very quickly but after an hour we asked where our main meal was and was told by a waiter he would find out, no one returned to advise us. No further drinks were offered and customers who arrived after us had received their main meal, dessert and left. After an hour and a half ( and with two very restless children) we then asked a young lady called Chloe where our food was she said it was being prepared. After nearly two hours I asked Chloe to find our when our food would arrive and she promptly apologised and went to the kitchen. The food arrived shortly after the children's meals and my husbands lasagne was okay but my Chicken Robiola (£13.29) was dry and hot at the top and cold at the bottom - reheated I guess. My son's steak (£17.99) arrived very well over done which he cut into and said he wouldn't accept it as he had asked for medium rare, a new steak arrived which Chloe again apologised for and said the wrong steak had been brought to the table (not sure who received the steak my son had first received). The second steak was just seared so rare and so tough. At the end of the meal Chloe asked if everything was okay I told her I was not happy with the service the food etc, she said she would get a manager but no manager arrived. Chloe returned with the bill and said 50% had been taken off the adult main meals due to the poor service and food; I was surprised that a young girl had been sent to apologise rather that a manager. The kitchen looked as though no one knew what was going on and there was no organisation in sending out the meals. Although the service from the first woman was abysmal I would like to say a big thank you to the young staff that worked very hard especially Chloe, Trevor and Steve they are a real credit to this restaurant. We eventually left the restaurant at 8.10pm nearly 3 hours after arriving. 
I was extremely disappointed with my visit to The Wet Fish Cafe yesterday. My fiance and I used to love this place and we've often been for Saturday and Sunday brunch, sometimes taking friends with us and always making sure to order the french toast as a treat. We decided to revisit yesterday as a treat after a long walk. In the past, we'd have to queue to be seated due to demand. Yesterday, there was no queue and, even though the restaurant was getting emptier, a brunette waitress refused to let us sit by the wall because it's apparently now 'restaurant policy' to reserve tables by the wall for groups of 3. Perhaps she was tired too, but the way she spoke to me was inappropriate for a waitress-customer interaction. She was downright haughty and rude, not the usual friendly attitude we've come to expect of the staff at The Wet Fish Cafe. At this point, I bit my tongue and resisted the urge to leave since we were tired, hungry and both really looking forward to the french toast (especially as she wasn't our designated waitress). To my chagrin, the french toast was burnt when it arrived. For my main meal, I ordered a combo of Eggs Royale and Eggs Florentine. Instead of mixing the salmon and spinach on the muffins as I requested, I was served Eggs Royale with plain, boiled spinach on the side. The muffins were burnt and the hollandaise sauce was cold. It was the worst meal I've ever eaten at this restaurant. The only saving grace was the green smoothie, as this is the only part of the meal I enjoyed. I was truly disappointed as I've eaten these same dishes at The Wet Fish Cafe many times before and they've always been excellent. 
We had to ask to order. The starters came intermittently, the supposed to be hot ones were cold. The mains were served an hour after ordering and were warm and overcooked (may have been ready for sometime?). The starters weren't cleared before the mains arrived so we ended up clearing and wiping the table. The drinks were incorrect. We asked twice for the bill. The bill was incorrect. We had to ask twice to pay. Disgusted!!!!! Zero customer service and awful food.  
Firstly, I should point out that when the waitress discovered that our food had not been good, she was very apologetic and knocked 50% off the food bill so I don't want to be too harsh. But, the food was dreadful. My calamari were burnt and, therefore dry and chewy. My husband and I both ordered the beef and red wine ravioli - when they arrived, one portion was half the size of the other and had next to no sauce. I asked them just to add a bit more sauce and then waited 20 mins for something that looked pretty much the same to arrive long after the others had finished. Both portions of ravioli were lukewarm and dry - and just not as nice as you can buy at the supermarket. Neither kids got the breadsticks that should have accompanied their meal and my daughter's meal came without some sort of super star stick that should have been included. To top it all off, I couldn't face a pudding but my son waited over 20 mins for his brownie, which again arrived after the other two had finished theirs. Have eaten at other branches of Bella Italia in the past but, I'm afraid, this experience is likely to be our last. Even with the 50% off, and only one drink each, the bill was over £40 and it just felt like a complete waste of money. I'd like to say something positive but the only praise I can really give is that the waitress was genuinely apologetic.  
I told the waiter I'm vegan and would like the same dishes, but milk free. First, he made a fuss about it. Secondly, he said he wouldn't ask the chef if there's milk on the papadam or check the ingredient list. He actually told me to Google it to find out, but didn't tell me the brand. He simply said "no". First time I was here it was a different waiter and he was absolutely lovely, but after this experience, I'm never stepping foot here again. 
The atmosphere no confortable, however the food was horrible the place is too dark. The meat was really cold, had no taste. Plate are too small and the price is too expensive for the quality of food. 
After going to the cinema this evening with the grandchildren thought we would give Bella Italia another go. It looked quite busy on entering about 6.30ish but plenty of empty tables - was met by one of the staff who asked me if I was in a hurry - as there was at least a 30minute wait! This is simply not acceptable when the restaurant is not overly busy - I told her I had yet to try this restaurant as each time I had tried to eat there the wait was always over 30 minutes with empty tables.. Such a shame Bella Italia is a great chain with good food - and this brand is certainly letting you down. Needless to say we didn't wait ! 
So I tried this place today, after my wife had been saying how good the food was. I had the Bubble & Sqeak which has way too many mushrooms for my liking. Anyway the bacon was inedible, I couldn't cut it nor break it down in my mouth. I was too hungry to say anything and nobody asked if our meals were ok, until the end that is and responded that mine wasn't ok and explained about the bacon. A few minutes later our waitress arrived with the full bill and no answer about the bacon. I called the waitress and asked what the chef said about the bacon, her response was that it is how it is always served. I find that hard believe. It was rock solid. I asked for my meal to be removed from the bill. At which point the manager arrived at our table (a man with a Scottish accent) this guy had the worst customer service skills ever. He presented me with a new bill with £2.50 taken off and explained that is what they charge for a side of bacon. If the bill had initially arrived with the £2.50 taken off and an apology for the state of the bacon all would have been well. But they tried to charge me full amount when I received an unsatisfactory meal. The manager kept on about me having a free lunch in a very rude manner. To be honest, I should've refused to pay the entire bill.  
so so rude.  
We went as a family of three today @ approx 17.00 only us and( there friends) or family . Very clean , went in as had five stars on door .  
We booked a table over a week ago to go to the Elvis tribute night tonight and we’ve just had a message left and hour and a half before we’re due to arrive to say that they have a large booking therefore our reservation has been cancelled! This was booked for a special family occasion and for our confirmed table reservation to be cancelled less than 2 hours on the day is not acceptable. If there was a problem I could understand it but to cancel us so they can take a bigger booking (and make more money) is a disgusting way to treat customers. We often visit the restaurant and get takeaway but we won’t in the future if this is how they choose to treat people. 
My partner and I arrived at 8:15 pm on a quiet, sunny Sunday evening. We popped our heads inside to say we were sitting outside and we were acknowledged by a member of staff. 10 minutes later we were still waiting for menus. We ordered some wine and water and asked for some ice. It didn't arrive. We had to chase it up and eventually 4 cubes arrived.... We ordered the insalate caprese to share. It took 35 minutes to arrive and consisted of rocket and approx 5 tiny pieces of mozzarella and chopped up cherry tomato. I've never seen such a lame excuse for this dish before. We had to ask for more mozzarella. The dish was free 
Bella Italia in Orpington opened in spring 2016, my family and I went a few weeks after opening day. We spent ages for the waiter to take our order and forever to get our drinks. The starter was wrong, and we had to flag down the waiter to pay. We felt ignored. Fast forward a few months to end of July and we were hoping the place had improved and the initial teething problems were sorted out. Oh Dear! Again ages to place an order, one starter slowly arrived 30 minutes later (only wanted one) , only three of us so not a big table. Then the clock just kept on ticking! Other couples near us (restaurant only had a handful of tables) were chasing up their food. A couple of girls missed the cinema start time! People were really pissed off. In the end we were there over 2 hours, it took 40/50 minutes to get our mains after the starter, they kept saying 2 to 3 minutes it's on it's way. The manager was in the kitchen helping the chef, the waiter couldn't cope on his own! We were late going somewhere after, it was so stressful. SACK the manager, she should of had this restaurant running like clockwork by now----- useless! My advice is don't go there and if you must, make sure you're not going to the cinema next door after, you'll miss the film!! 
I've been twice before service poor, food good. Tonight what a turnaround the waiting staff were amazing the food was shocking my friend had the chicken in a mushroom sauce, I had the pollo something with big pasta and four cheeses. The chicken my friend had was hard and burnt after some persuasion from me she sent it back, my pollo something should just have been called something 3 tiny bits of pollo swallowed up by pasta and 3 cheese sauce. We complained my friend after 20 minutes got a new burnt chicken and I got my Pasta meal for free and a free glass of house wine. I feel sorry for the waiting staff they are trying their best but being let down by the kitchen. The directors of bella italia should take note as this could be a little goldmine with the right staff being next door to a cinema.  
Where do I start. A 30 min wait for a lemonade.... Then another 20 mins for 2 more drinks...wasn't even busy....Then they mucked up our order... So 2 of us never got our mains. After an hour and half we gave up... The other 4 had eaten their mains and were bored. So we left hungry.... Three other tables were complaining around us... Absolute disaster... Avoid this restaurant at all cost.. Never again.  
atmosphere ok .Food pretty awfull the soup was served in a mug , serve it in a proper soup bowl !!! portion control was mean to say the least .dont go there for a pizza ..There was also a conversation going on in the corner apparently, this has happened before where management dish the dirt on employees but allegedly not from this establishment but somehow im not convinced from the face of the embarrased waiter . 
Waiter was rude and had a terrible attitude food was awful tasted like packet brought muck. Avoid at all costs there are better in the area. 
Not really worth a visit. Food; unappealing over cooked dry and just not enjoyable. Cocktails where do I start, don’t offer something you are unable to deliver on. Then when you write a review the manager replies on line accusing you of lying. Read the google review I left and the managers reply. 
We tried to go on Sunday for lunch , but when we got there the waiter completely ignored us. We went to Pato Lounge instead. Will never visit Bella Italia again! 
Apparently this is the size of a 6oz steak in 2019 (see photo). Oh it’s a skirt steak so it’s supposed to be that size they said. It’s 6oz they kept saying. Jokes... What a pity, a nice space. Should have known given the care taken to maintain the state of the toilets... 
A group of 16 on a quiet Tuesday night left us waiting nearly 2 hours from sitting down to getting our main courses.  
Friend had steak I had a pizza. Pizza was ok, steak more like a random bit of meat! Overworked underpaid and quite awful service and food, spoke to the waiter and he was like a broken record and just kept repeating himself. Yes mate keep repeating it to nobody because nobody is listening. 
We popped in here for dinner, we usually avoid chains but we thought we would give it a go...the staff were trying their best but the food was cold and the white wine warm. Appallingly long wait for food (cold) to be served and when it was terrible, pasta was dried up and the tiny bits of goats cheese on the top looked as if they had been thrown at the pasta from the other side of Orpington! The rocket was dried up and inedible. 
My initial email to owner: 
Delivery was 15 minutes late from delivery time given. Driver did not follow delivery instructions and admitted he hadn't even read his delivery ticket with the instructions on. Food was very bland indeed. Will not be using again. 
Had the misfortune of ordering this evening.The prawns were so rubbery they could have bounced their own way home!Fish pakora's were just fried salmon with no flavour(frozen).save yourself the time and effort,it will just end up filling the bin  
Service was prompt but the food was awful. 
On arrival noticed two flies on the table, chose to ignore this. However when eating we found a fly in our food! The food didn't taste very nice and was all similar, the food tastes sweet and sickly! Definitely recommend to go somewhere different 
After a really lovely lunch there last week, we thought we would pop in for a meal before going to the cinema next door. Our experience echoes several other reviews posted over the past weeks. Although the restaurant looks amazing, the staff seem unable to cope with even modest numbers of customers. 
Came in for brunch. My friend ate, I just wanted coffee. Her food was nice, but that was inconsequential to me, because my experience was appalling. I ordered a soy latte - maybe that was my mistake. It was horrible, I couldn't drink it if I tried. I politely put it to the side and figured that an attentive staff member would notice this, and attend to the situation, perhaps offering an alternative. Nothing. We pay the bill and at the end of all of this, the waitress still has the audacity to expect our change as a tip, and then over shares about London waiters earning minimum wage and relying on tips. These staff need to get a clue, if you want a tip, give some decent service. NEVER AGAIN. 
Oh dear, the new Bella Italia has gotten off to a rubbish start. Tried it again today for the second time in 3 weeks, and once again didn't bother waiting to be seated! 
Use to go a lot then we had a bad meal and was put off, recently we tried it again and the meal wasn't that bad, so we gave it another try, what a mistake. Chewy old lamb curry, horrible side spinach. Never again. 
Last Wednesday we had a very early start to our day due to a relative being taken ill. We have never dined in a Bella Italia restaurant before and decided to try out the new one at Orpington. What a mistake, having arrived at 5.45pm we were served with our drink order. At 5.50pm we ordered a hamburger and a ciabatta chicken.  
We have been coming to the West Fish for as long as it has existed, but today was unfortunately our last visit. 
My wife and I are regular customers to Balla Italia in London but now they have a new restaurant in Orpington we thought we would give it a try what a big mistake the service was a joke the manager thought he was a proper jack the lad with his attitude and swearing in conversation not the sort of thing I really wanted to hear, Well to start with we was told by the manager they didn’t have any pizza base’s so don’t order pizza because the delivery didn’t arrive this morning, oh ok then we will have lasagne garlic bread to start the garlic bread was thin and crispy and fell away in flakes we waited 45 min’s for the lasagne and it arrived to our table in a take away box’s what was they thinking we was sitting at a table with drink’s in front of us the waitress called over the manager who took the order in the first place but all he could say was oh I can’t believe why this has happened we declined the box’s of lasagne my wife gave him her feeling then we left promptly what a joke of a restaurant they need to sort the manager and staff out they need proper training in customer relations!! 
What a disappointment, my boyfriend and I were really looking forward to eating here. We waited a while to be seated even though we had booked a week in advance! The manager was very friendly and welcoming however he seemed stressed, I recommend you employ more staff. We waited half an hour to have our orders taken; and when mine came out (I chose the Pollo Milanese) it looked like a kids meal; a massive goujons with chips and some over cooked green beans. Awful. To top it off we waited almost an hour just to get a LOOK at the dessert menu! We couldn't get the attention of the waiters, they were too busy talking and clearing tables, which is fair enough but waiting almost an hour to look at something isn't on. We could of just left without them noticing. Very bad service from them. And overall very disappointed. We won't be coming back.  
My experience was so bad I wrote my review on the Facebook page while sitting in there!! We got there at 7 - myself and 6 work colleagues. We had burnt charcoaled mozerella shared pizza - all 4 were unedible. We waited over an hour for our main after asking the poor waiters several times where our dinner was. I could not cut my bbq chicken and pancetta pizza and the chicken was dry!! My friend asked for cheese burger and got a chicken burger. The Calzone was wet, flat and soggy. A pasta dish (ravolli) was dry with barely any filling and had about 7 pieces (and that's pushing it). We ordered a milkshake, a lemonade, a diet coke and 2 appletisers which took 30 minutes!! What else could I say .. We were all are very disappointed and rather hungry still (atleast there is a macdonalds at the top of the high street on our way home - I stopped off)!!! Service was awful. Oh and P.S one of my friends was pregnant - yet she was the last to get her meal, after having to send back!!! Waiters/ waitresses were friendly but service was sooooo slow. Food was shocking - kitchen staff are a joke and the manager (Amanda) was bloody useless!!! Awaiting for head office to get in touch!! The whole experience starts with F and ends in S**t!! It's a shame really cos my first experience was amazing which made myself and my friends go back ... Big mistake that was - we will be going back to Pato Lounge!! 
Misleading early bird menu. Waitress took an eternity (20 mins) to take orders, all courses slow to arrive and cold when they did. Waitress took dessert menus at 7:40 which didn't arrive until 8:05 them charged us full price. Shabby service to say the least! 
I've visited this place three times (always a Saturday before the cinema) since it opened a few months ago and I am afraid to say that it has now had its last chance for me. 
My first Visit here was with two friends in May, we waited an hour for our starters even though the restaurant was less than half full. Our main course a peppar/tomato pasta dish was of poor quality, just thrown together. When we complained the staff offered us a discount, when we went to pay using a voucher we were told we couldn't use the voucher because we had already had a discount!! The staff seemed stressed and told us they had staff that had called in sick. 
After returning from holiday on Thursday 30th decided to give this a try - love the chain - good food and good service elsewhere but have heard so any bad reviews for this branch 
After a couple of bad experiences we decided to go back. A very long wait was followed by a very nice starter, but then we waited ... and waited ... and asked about our main course ... and waited! Eventually our mains arrived, uncooked! We had to leave as we had parked in Tesco carpark and only had three hours to spare. 
Service was atrocious with the waiter being rude after we complained we had been waiting 50mins for our mains. 
The place looked great and trendy. However the food was not up to the standard. I had to send back my food. I ordered kimchi fried rice, but what i received was some flavourless soggy rice with some cabagge with chilli paste on it. In my view what they considered in house kimchi was not kimchi at all. My friend ordered a burger and it was just ok. I would not recommend the food here. But it is a nice place for drinks.  
Ordered drinks... vodka and Bellini. Was given a Bella bellini that had Malibu in so sent it back. Was given a peach Bellini and it looked like a glass of peach juice with very little prosecco... was disgusting. 
Went for Sunday lunch and had expected to have a fine dining experience given the mainly positive reviews. We were seated at a table by the front door which was drafty and probably the worst table in the restaurant. We had lobster dumplings to start which were tasty but the garnish was soggy and over-cooked. My roast pork main course arrived with no crackling/garnish and my partners main fish course just didn't taste right due to the conflicting flavours on the plate. We both had souffle for desert and both were under cooked. We asked to be moved to another table when one became available to get away from the cold draft (from the front door) and were sat at a table literally an inch from the next table. We asked to be moved again and third time lucky, we were given a larger table in the window area which was an improvement. The fixed three course lunch price and a bottle of wine plus liquor coffees came to £240, we had expected high-end food in a cosy well appointed dining room. We didn't get this and were very disappointed. The worst part of the experience is the tables are set too close to each other and you need to keep your elbows in so you don't jab your neighbours (at the next table) in the ribs! The waiting staff were as obliging as they could be but clearly were run off their feet by the number of covers. In all, much over-rated and has lost its way. Shame on the management of CB. 
I came here for dinner at the weekend. Very poor quality food and massively over priced.  
So... not only am I a local, who used to often come to the venue with big groups of friends but I’ve often organised staff parties here too.  
Certainly will not be ordering from here again. Took 1.5 hours to arrive, food order wasn’t complete and to top it off the food was not only cold but the chicken in the korma was still raw and couldn’t be eaten. Other food dishes were over cooked, and when we finally received our missing fish it was chewy and cold too.  
I called the restaurant in advance to try booking a table but they do not take reservations for brunch if you are planning to arrive within 3 hours but I was told that they would be happy to take walk-ins.  
So gutted to write this review, but honestly, I don’t think I am giving any third chance to this place for food. The most average if not below that. The place itself and the waiting staff is really nice and welcoming, so the bad credit only goes to the kitchen, sorry guys.  
Not sure where to where to start. 
I was really excited about visiting the Fire Station as we have been talking about it for a while. We went out to celebrate one of team members retirement. The lady that showed us to the table was lovely, but that's where the good service stopped. The waiter we had - a rather large, tall man - could not give two hoots about us and made us feel like he was doing us a favour by gracing us by his presence. We had to ask to order drinks - and he left the table before he had taken everyone's drinks order, one of our guys had to run after him. Then we had to ask him to take our food order. He then basically threw dirty bowls on the table - just ridiculous and really aggravating. He even bumped one of my colleagues' head and didn't even apologies. Won't be coming back. 
Terrible service 
I was having a drink with a friend looking through the food menu, when 2 mice ran past our feet. When I called staff over to explain, they acknowledged that they were aware of the mice as it had already been reported by other customers and just simply offered to move us to another table.  
Definately one that failed to perform ... Have been here a few times over the years for brunch and lunch ... We arrived for early drinks at 6pm (without booking) to be advised by a very annoying waitress (after giving us a lecture on why we should have booked) that we could have a table only until 8.30 ..however the place (no pun intended) was empty .. At 8pm (after tearing herself away from chatting endlessly to her colleagues) advised us that we had to leave as she wanted the table back .. Which was unnecessary because we had...... a) already asked for the bill. ..... And b) the place was still empty! Having spent £70 on drinks and snacks, had terrible service with "attitude" and average food ... It's the last time I will ever visit this up it's own ar** place again ! ... Reading the rest of the reviews would strongly recommend you give this place a wide berth!!!! 
Nice setting. That’s all I can say positive.  
A couple of months ago I had brunch with a friend of mine at Chiswick Fire station - we had such a lovely time and a lovely meal on a Sunday afternoon. After this I went on to tell everyone about how good it was and recommended it. I was lucky enough to be gifted a “the address” gift card from my manager at my work place when I won the monthly cleaning competition. Which I was very excited about. 
This resturant in West Hampsted advertises that they have 2 and 3 course special price menus. but beware if you do not vacate your table before the offer ends they charge for each item individually which is also very expensive for what you get. This was quite difficult when we had to wait for the bill! I have never know this before. The food itself is not of the best quality or what it states on the menu. The staff are very young and inexperience and of course dont know what to do if you complain. The girl behind the bar was quite rude and even talked down to us. My starter was cold when supposed to be warm and had to be sent back it came back hot not replaced as I still had half a fishcake which was mianly lumpy potato and not much fish. The main course was ok but the desert was not what it advertised at all and when we asked for the correct one we were told that we got we ordered and just could taste things properly. They also automatically add a tip to your bill which in my opion they did not deserve. A very expensive and unpleasent night out. We wont be back and dont recommend it to anyone. 
I was overcharged in here for wine because they 'misheard my order' beware... then told it was all my fault. Very rude customer service. Not sure why they can't get this place right. Awful DJ too, so many great DJ's in London inexcusable really!! 
Awful - avoid for food! Ordered a courgette and halloumi vegetarian burger and one of the main ingredients, the courgette, was served cold and raw. They then went away to cook it and the chips and halloumi came back cold - they said they were making a fresh one - clearly not. Had good food here previously but it’s obviously gone downhill 
Five of us managed to spend £400 on four bottles of very average wine and rubbish food. Manager pretty poor too. He needs to learn how to make a decisions and communicate. 
Halfway through our meal without any pre-warning we were told that our table is reserved and we have to move in the next 10 minutes to another much worse table. We specifically went to watch the football and we were very disappointed with the poor service. Will not repeat. 
Shocked as I was standing at the bar that all the drinks poured were about 10-15% short measured in the 50ml measure. They should be filled to the top not below. For £10 per drink for 20ml of vodka and less then 10ml amaretto with 200% ice..... not impressed with the same drink I’ve ordered in places before!  
Dreadful service constantly got the order wrong because none of the staff spoke English ended up with two incorrect breakfasts twice ! It was like faulty towers ! Totally a joke  
I came here with my family and we ordered a mix of starters and mains. I ordered the halumi burger. For over £10, this was so not worth it. I had to pay extra for chips. What a rip off for a poor state of burger. There were only two pieces of halumi in it. Straight after eating some of this, my stomach was churning. Something wasn’t right at all. The whole evening I was sick and unwell.  
apparently according to a staff member they have cameras in the toilets here! and the security watch on their mobile monitors ! not only intrusive but illegal ! 
After hearing what a nice place this was during the week, especially with kids, we decided to try for Saturday breakfast. Bad idea. Service was unfriendly and slow, coffee was average and the scrambled eggs were awful - eggs were cold and the toast inedible. Crust so burnt couldn't cut through it. Other half's full English was better, but still, lots more places to get a decent breakfast in chiswick. Or maybe I should try during the week... 
I highly recommend you do not waste your money in this restaurant, they serve really dry chicken! The menu is a mess and the food is extremely poor! Eat somewhere else.. 
My goodness, how bad can you get??  
I don't even know where to start about our terrible experience on New years eve. We arrived at 8.40 pm approx having booked a table for 8.45pm. Table not ready and the girl who saw us attitude seemed to be how dare you book a table and expect it to be ready. Finally seated at 9.30 pm. Then most of the stuff on the 3 course set menu was no longer available so we were told to order anything from the a la carte menu. They finally took our orders at about 10.45 for starters 45 minutes later they came back to the table to say the scallops that i had ordered were no longer available so i had to rechoose. Why so long. We finally got our starters at 11.15 far too late and they were serving our main course at midnight so we missed it. In the mean time we had to clear the table twice ourselves of used glasses and when we received wine we had to go and hunt glasses ourselves. We were never even offered our dessert and it was a 3 course set menu. While i expect a restaurant to be busy and a bit slower on New years eve I dont expect it to be non existent. The manager promised us when we finally sat down she was going to personally look after us then promptly disappeared for most of the night. This is only a fragment of the appaling service we received that night. I then posted feedback on the Cote website and they never even contacted me even though they ask for your phone number and email. 
I just ‘Don’t get it’ 
So overrating don't even know where to start... expensive wine, average food at best, pretentious yet inattentive service, crap table... the only impressive part is the bill... never again!  
Slow, slow service (at a quiet lunchtime) and not much of a service attitude,with expensive prices. Decent food and decent decor. Baby brigade has also invaded. Don't bother to go here - there are many alternatives with better service and prices. 
3 ladies (40’s) with 3 girls (2-3) for breakfast. 
Having been ignored by the different waiting staff four times on a quiet day, my husband finally had the privilege of being served by the bar staff after a 10 minute wait for them to acknowledge his existence. 
Initially quiet pleasant looking from the outside. But once you enter you see an eclectic set of furniture of every shape and size, uneven heights, including sofas which you would not want to throw together even in a second hand furniture shop. But that should not be the deterrent for entering the restaurant and so we entered. 
We attended around 5pm on a Saturday evening just as the menus were being switched over.  
We really wanted to love this place. It looked great aesthetically from the outside and once sat down we were impressed with the surroundings. Our waiter was attentive and friendly and we enjoyed our lunch. Then we asked the manager for our bill as she walked past our table. This turned out to be the bill for the table next to us. We brought this to the attention of the manager who then snapped at us saying what did we expect- she was running the pass, not the bar. Shocked into silence at the aggressive response directed at us, we then watched as she returned only to slam our bill down on our table, walk back to the pass/kitchen counter and slam her hand on the counter whilst muttering some complaint to the staff on the other side.  
My experience here was truly awful from start to finish. We booked a table for 8.15pm but was told we would have to wait for the table to be ready. We are happy to wait but not for 30 minutes. We were just pushed aside and told to get a drink at the bar with nowhere to sit and wait. - They didn't even serve the prosecco properly, they just gave you the bottle like you were Wetherspoons. We had to keep asking about the table as they seemed to forget about you. Eventually we sat down and after a long wait, someone came to take our order. I ordered a steak which they delivered cold. It was truly appalling that the chef would send something out of the kitchen like that and the waitress would happily serve it. I asked for it to be sent back and served warm. It came back and they had cooked it even more - it was now medium as appose to medium rare. I then had to send it back again, it was clear there concern for customer service was low and the attitude was bad. By this point, my friend had nearly finished her dinner. Eventually they managed to serve the simple request - a warm steak. We paid the bill and also paid for our prosecco which we ordered at the bar. As we were leaving, the waitress chased up for the door, claiming we had not paid enough for the prosecco. We explained the one we ordered and we had already been overcharged by it because, executing the simple task of dividing 29 GBP for us to pay half each was not simple enough. By this point, I was absolutely disgusted, we overpaid for the drinks, we paid the service charge - when the service was quite frankly shocking, and then they have the audacity to chase us at the door as if we were some criminals. It was an embarrassing situation as I had bought my friend here for dinner based on my blogging friend's recommendation. No compensation was offer and the attitude was poor. Everything was too much trouble. I will not be recommending this to anyone and I will never return again - there are plenty of other great places to eat in Chiswick such as the High Road Brasserie, Chiswick Smokehouse etc. I would not waste your money here as the level of service is shocking and the attitude is poor. 
Went there with my 2 year old twins. 
When this establishment opened, there were high hopes all round. It is attractive and quite cool.  
After a below par first experience (chalked up by us to it being newly opened) we gave this place another try recently. 
The wet fish cafe is an odd place. 
My partner and I came to stay in Chiswick with some friends for her birthday. We visited the Chiswick high road and saw the lovely looking fire station so decided to pop in for a quick bite to eat and hot chocolate.  
A spontaneous choice for dinner with a couple of girlfriends, as the menu looked quite varied (something for everyone). I was so impressed with the look of this place from the outside - Beautiful building and the interior looked stunning as well. We were greeted by a waiter lacking any enthusiasm, a theme which seemed to follow through to the end of the night.. I only wished I had read the reviews on here before entering!!!  
We went to this place on my Birthday in December ,with 2 other friends , It was very Loud and Dark in the booth we were in , But thats ok and we used our iPhone torch to illuminate the menus!! After a bottle of pinot and some ok food we decided to have another bottle, this arrived but not cold , so the waiter bought another saying that the fridge had just been restocked, this bottle was the same, The Manager came to the table with a thermometer and stuck it into the bottle and told us that the white wine was cold enough!!!! 
We went last night for a meal and it was so bad, it was funny. My friend had booked a table but despite the restaurant area being half empty, our table was squashed into an alcove between two other couples which doesn't make for a great dining experience. We asked if we could sit at an empty table. Two minutes later one of the waiters came by and squeezed past holding a bowl of washing up over my head. Then the glass door behind us was left open as the waiting staff went to have a cigarette. Then another waiter squeezed past my chair dragging a bag of rubbish but telling me not to move as the rubbish bag brushed against me. We had enough and told the manager who was completely offhand and said that the waiting staff needed to get past that table at that point to run the restaurant. Really, Chiswick Fire Station? Could you not then have a much smaller table so that diners would not have waiters jostling them every five minutes with bowls of washing up held over the diners' heads? Or redesign the table lay out so this didn't happen? Clearly customer comfort is lower than the staff being able to drag bags of rubbish and bowls of washing up at regular intervals past this particular table. Luckily my friend knows the owner and will be complaining directly to her. Appalling place and appalling attitude. 
I've never written a one star review. I arrived with a reservation. Nice room, sort of an LA vibe for London. Wandered around looking for a host, eventually found one. Seated, no menus, waited 15 minutes for a waiter, finally had to go find the host again to get service. Ordered drinks. Took forever. When the waiter came with drinks and said "would you like a minute to order?"we all said "NO" in unison, for fear we'd never see anyone again. I ordered the sea bass and chips for a hefty price. The size of my filet was tiny and flavorless. Chips were all right. Certainly not worth the price. Waited forever again for any service and even my friends said "this place is terrible" (unprompted). Service included, which was appalling. I feel like everyone in this restaurant has been tricked into thinking that it's something special. It most certainly is not. It's a buzzy room with bad management and and room service-quality food. Tip: Nandos is next door.  
We have been to this resturant many times and have seen the staff replaced many times. As it becomes more popular the service has begun to suffer. After we ordered our meal my elderly mother decided she would like cheese with her jacket potato so I asked for some in a small bowl. You'd have thought I'd asked for another whole meal with the look the waitress gave me. When my nine month pregnant daughters meal arrived there was only a handful of chips which were still raw. I asked for a bowl of chips and was rudely told by the waitress that we should order all of our meal at the start as it was very inconvenient to the chef who was very busy. We won't be going back again. 
First visit to this restaurant. We had to ask at the bar for a table...the barman took his time to speak to us. He then said he would ask the manager who took 15 minuets to come and talk to us. He then seated us. Putting aside the fact that the table was right next to the speaker for the music and we couldn't hear each other talk. The waiting staff were very slow to serve us and then when we had finished our starters they tried to place the mains on the table without removing the empty stater plates...it was blindingly obvious that there was not enough room. I had to hold the mains while they cleared the starter plates. The food was very very very very bland. Not even close to good enough for the price they are charging, and certainly not good enough for a high end area like chiswick. The only thing good was the toffee chocolate pudding. The short review is that.....would are not going to go there again.....ever. There are far better placed to go to enjoy your evening. Z 
Food was ok but service was shocking bad. As soon as we walked in they didn't want us there, even suggesting to us that we should try somewhere else. Would recommend this to people who like average over priced food 
We went there for an evening meal - 2 couples.  
They have no facility to book a table by talking to a member of staff on site. If you wish to walk in and take that chance then they have walk in tables but if for instance you wish to have lunch and you want to secure a decent table less than 1 hour before you eat you cannot speak to anybody on site as the reservations number defers to an off site number that also is not answered 50% of the time. 
I had booked to go to Jackson Rye with my two daughters, wanting a good standard lunch. Walking past The Chiswick Firestation I was lured in by the decor and general look of the place, I cancelled Jackson and Rye and we ate here instead.  
Excellent food such a shame one of the best Curry's for ages, though the service was aweful, despite having booked a table they had to push two tables together..... ill prepared.  
Only one star because you can't put less.. 
Oh dear we went Saturday daytime- were seated and eventually someone took our order to only wait 30 mins and we realised they had forgotten our order - we asked twice about our food and after 40 mins we said enough and left - it was a brunch 
In London the competition between Indian restaurants typically drives great food and great customer service - to get customers to go back. Well that’s not the case for this place. Absolutely will never return to this place - you can get a better curry anywhere else in Balham and quite frankly you get better customer service in McDonald’s. 
Poor service. Offered a drink at the bar to start with, where we sat at a small table reaching our knees, after 20 mins we were brought a menu, another 5 minutes and we had to ask to go to our table (restaurant was pretty empty with many vacant tables). Sat outside, beautiful view. However food was very bland with little seasoning. Crab to start, which had just been taken out the fridge and put on a plate, along with a huge dollop of mayonnaise on top. Seafood risotto for main, which again came out luke warm, bland, no seasoning and unenjoyable. Had to leave the table for the bar to order another drink as staff were nowhere to be seen.  
It's 15 years plus since we last visited, in the times when the restaurant chairs used to be plastic garden chairs. Tonight I visited to find the chairs much improved and the restaurant looked most appealing.. I had gone in to book a table for my wife's birthday. The waitress said that she was just about to serve the hot food and would I mind waiting a minute. No problem as I was only there to book a table! Over 7 minutes later, I am still standing like a lemon in the bar area, whilst the only two waitresses are still serving the not too many customers. It was clear that one or two of the other customers also required service but they were totally ignored, as was I. Needless to say, I left without booking. A restaurant experience should include both good food and good service. I can't comment on the former as I won't now be going but the customer experience was abysmal. It will be another 15 plus years before I even think of trying again. 
Went in for a quick drink as we were thirsty from the heat outside. Ordered a jug of one of their non-alcoholic cocktails; this took 20 minutes to arrive despite the place being almost empty as the bartenders were all visibly chatting, messing about and playing with their phones. The rest of the service was also extremely slow and verging on rude.  
To be honest I really didn’t want to write a bad review  
I visited during soft opening with two other friends and we ordered a really wide range of dishes to try. We were really rather disappointed as the quality of the food wasn't great but I put it down to teething problems.  
Good Evening 
These guys would not give us our discount at the till even tho we asked when ordering they said ‘yes’ however at the till they made all sorts of excuses!! Apart from that the food was fine! 
I normally like going here but today was the worst service I’ve had in any restaurant, this place is really going downhill. All this place clearly cares about is making money - just take a look at how over capacity they are every night, it’s completely uncomfortable to eat your meal. This surely goes against some kind of standards, I should not in a restaurant this expensive have to stand up whilst eating to let people out of the corner they have squeezed them into and have my chair hit every time someone walks past... this is not ok.  
this place is normally 2nd to none and the best in the area but last nite was a joke tasteless chicken although abundant had no flavour the prawn puri was rubbish tandoori dried up grill was hideous i don't wanna put a bad review up but u must have had a bad nite due to banquet or changes to chef sorry u have lost a customer #isthereanydecentindiansingideapark.................... 
Just popped into this restaurant for brunch. Wanted Eggs Benedict but didn't want the full portion and as I hate waste, I asked if I could have a half portion ie just one egg instead of two. My waitress asked the owner who categorically said no! Great start to my brunch. So instead I ordered mushrooms on toast and a poached egg on toast. When my food arrived, the mushrooms were incredibly bland without any seasoning and the poached egg had not been cooked in a pan of water with vinegar as it should. As a result it was hard. These guys do not have a clue how to cook a proper poached egg. Seems like no heart or soul was put into the cooking and the chefs simply cut corners wherever they could. The chefs must think their patrons are idiots and do not know food. Had my eye on this place for a while and thought I'd give it a go.....never again....awful awful awful. 
group people went to bill's on Friday terrible experience, I will never ever go to Bill's. everything was terrible. 
All the visits before have been good but not today. 
Being local and loyal to this local business, went in today with my wife for a coffee and cake. It was busy and after queuing for sometime was finally faced with rude and offhand nature - left annoyed and disappointed by the rudeness of the staff and owner.  
Called to arrange a birthday party for a colleague’s 50th. Restaurant owner very rude from start to finish  
Where do I start. Visited for a breakfast on a Saturday morning, took almost an hour to serve me drinks when there was the grand sum of around 15 people there! No customer service or pleasantries, absolutely no order or structure at all as to how diners are serves. Waiters running around like headless chickens and no clue who as ordered what.. It's like a russian roulette of dining! I saw 2 customers wait 30 minutes to have their table cleaned and ended up doing it themselves. My food was undercooked , no apology or offer of a replacement and to add insult to injury my almost full cup of coffee was taken away whilst I was in the loo and was not replaced as they thought it was finished. It honestly seems as though the people running this place have lived under a rock for the last 100 years having never stepped foot in a restaurant. Totally incredulous to any form of feedback and no scope in which to handle any customer complaints. The guy - i think it was the owner, stared at me blankly when I told him the food was undercooked and offered no solution at all so i told him to just leave it. I came away feeling totally stressed out! Never again. 
I was with my fiancée and ordered a club sandwich. Waited over half an hour for relatively simple food and a nicely presented sandwich and fries came. 
Was going to open this review by writing something pithy about my ‘verdict’ about Verdict, but our experience here was so bad that I didn’t want to appear so flippant.  
I had a groupon offer which stated you can get a take away without pre booking. Well, the only thing that was made fresh was the salt fish fritters and so called salad which very watery. The mutton, curry chicken and rice were taken from the freezer in front of my eyes and was discussed as if I wasn't there. The food was a total let down, now I know why nobody was in the restaurant. I would not recommend you waste your money. Go to Harlesden you will find better carribbean food.  
I just ordered from reggies about an hour ago and just recieved my food; through uber eats my i add, Presentation of my food was disgusting, i disregarded that fact due to someone else having had delieved it to me, the rice tasted so cheap, and the chicken was still raw it had the raw smell of blood still on it which is disgusting, and i managaed to find hair in my room too, all i wanted to do was order food for myself and my daughter, for lunch, im glad i used a promo code lets just say because theres no way on earth ill be going back there, that is the worst carribean food i have EVER tasted in my lifeeeee. 
Don't get me wrong, I love this place. The food is different and always great, but when they offer a discount, I do not expect to pay £4.80 for 4 popadoms. I know when my family and I set out for a meal it will cost me roughly X amount. We visited on a banquet night and got totally ripped off. Why do these people take the p**s and think that we will not notice? To make matters worse our delivery this evening was nearly 45 minutes late. Come on guys!! 
My sister bought my Husband and I a Wowcher offer to have a three course meal at Reggie's as a treat. I was actually excited to visit after reading so many positive review of the place on TripAdvisor...boy were we disappointed! 
I went for a family brunch and the only options were breakfast choices which was fine. They say that they cater for allergies but nothing gluten free was available. My sister ordered a bacon and mushroom omelette and the bacon which she described as tasteless. The accompanying salad was undressed. We had to ask for extra cutlery, an extra plate (we had a 4 year old with us), more milk for the coffee, sauce for the cooked breakfast, sugar, tap water, we got our own salt & pepper. The table was slightly sticky. Back to the food. We ordered 3 of their cooked breakfasts which consists of a sausage (not bad) 2 slimy and oily eggs, mushrooms (swimming in oil) a deep fried (out of the freezer not home made) hash brown, watery baked beans (I’ve never purchased beans this cheap and I buy from Lidls!) I slice of bread under the eggs and 2 slices of bacon. The coffee was very strong, but for most that would be acceptable. It was massively disappointing as this family meal was a chance for us all to get together before my sister returns overseas. It’s a greasy-spoon breakfast flouncing as something better with ill-trained staff. This is a shame as it’s in a great location and somewhere I had high hopes for. 
I was sat for 10 minutes waiting for them to take my order. The waitress were looking at me but not once did they come to take my order. I will be passing this review to other people too. Just terrible.  
I live in the area and this wonderful lady is always opened late. I go in to buy soda when tesco is closed. I tried her food a few times and most times it has been Inedible. The fritters or bakes, dripping with oil, other times my fritters were so stale they stank of fridge and could not even soften, even after being put in the microwave. Its a shame because this lady is so friendly and lovely. Her food just isn't up to scratch 
So disappointing. Half of the food we ordered was served tepid, nearly cold. Plus, they started to make us feel unwelcome by beginning their close down procedure and cleaning floors before 9.30. The smell of disinfectant was repellent with the wine. The waitress who took our order was lovely, however the waitress to whom we pointed out the tepid food and the cleaning procedure accused us of being rude. On leaving we noted the Italian over the way and The Weir behind were still buzzing with customers. We in the meantime had barely been allowed to finish our wine and had had a disappointing food experience. Particularly so since I'd changed our plans for the evening to give it a go having had a decent cup of of coffee there in the am. I'm assuming they're better set up for morning coffee than dinner. But I won't be giving it another go. 
Food arrived 50 minutes late. Had to call 3 times to chase. Very small portion on rice and mushroom bhaji did not get poppadom I paid for. Tried calling restaurant but could not get through again. Food tasted ok but would not use again - I understand they were busy due to the current situation but being told twice that order was on its way and it wasn’t 
We have eaten from mountain view for over 10 years but will not be going back again. Over the last year the food and service has really gone downhill. Such a shame as was 1 of our favourite restaurants before it moved across the road & have recommended many people there who now feel the same 
Waited over an hour for a delivery then to be told they won’t deliver to us. Awful customer service, rude staff that we spoke to. Will not be using this restaurant again. 
Will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone!  
Tried this place out recently as fancied an Indian meal but was very disappointed. 
Upon arrival they took ages to take our order then eventually we did and were told that they need to check if they have enough. Eventually he came back and said there was “loads” then came back after 10mins only to tell us we have to change our order because they didn’t have any of what we wanted. We also had problems with the dinks order twice this very same night but I won’t go into detail as the damage has already been done. 
Quality of the food was overall, appalling. Cold, greasy, thrown on a plate with a lack of care and complete disregard, as well as some concerns regarding hygiene. The menus were not single use, but pieces of paper that were seemingly just recycled around when needed which I believe goes against the guidelines as they cannot be sanitised inbetween customers, the menu I received was grubby and had food staines on it. The table was sticky and didn’t seem as if it had been sanitised since the last guests. Social distancing between tables was questionable I would say and in general it just didn’t feel hygienic at all. Staff were pleasant enough, although I did feel sorry for them as they were woefully understaffed. A lot of running around without much attention. Great shame, as I said, courteous staff though. 
Not an enjoyable evening for me. Yes we had a large group but most people had finished their meal before I got served. When it did come out, the escalopes were cremated so naturally i sent them back. Out came the new ones but with a salad rather than the pasta I had ordered with it 
disgusting food, incompetent staff, screaming kids - who needs this ? the squid was stone cold, the houmous was disgsting, the staff dont know the most basic coktails or drinks 
This was supposed to be a Xmas dinner with my friends and their children. 
Taken 20 minutes so far, don’t know what it tastes like yet but it’s ruined whatever, farcical service, if you can’t cope then don’t bother 
We visited our local restaurant Temple with family earlier today, looking forward to enjoy a weekend buffet which they offer. 
As apparently some one is insisting I am reviewing the wrong business to remove the picture I will insist once and again, 2 Scotch Common, Ealing, London, The Duke of Kent run by Fullers. It's the round table by the smokers exit just by the food lift , the ice cream is exactly as served, the only add on is the coin for size comparison, and I payed 2,50£ for it. The place has ever rising prices, with quality of food average, service is appalling, though staff are friendly and nice. The venue has potential with an immense garden with even a playground, if you fancy Fullers beer's they have a nice selection but overpriced. Food is always a disappointment. Even a simple soop of chocolate ice cream. 
I would say "A picture speaks a thousand words" (see the chamber pot - I mean slurry-cum-stew - below); however I feel I would not be adequately warning my fellow humans about the state of the beef stew I attempted to ingest. The sauce was like salty bovril and the consistency was diarrhoea with minced carrots. When transferred onto a plate, I had a burning desire to apply liberal amounts of sawdust.The beef had the consistency of a leather boot.  
I’m so embarrassed for the young staff here, it completely ruined the celebrations, 1hr 05mins just to revive bread and oil. Table of 10 7 ordered beef and after 10mins told that there was no beef or chicken. Ok these things happen but a further 45mins and with 2/4year old children this wasn’t acceptable. No staff even offered drinks I had to go and find someone. Asked to speak to the manger and a young lady came along and calmed the situation however later transpired she wasn’t the manager it was a rather scruffy guy who had a massive attitude possibly because the food was taken off the bill as per apparent manager. He obviously didn’t have the balls to come over in person and sent a young female very cowardly behaviour in our opinion. After a horrendous meal we was in the pub garden, the kids all playing happily which actually calmed our frustration at the poor meal to only suddenly be told by the scruffy man (apparent owner) that no ball games are allowed although no sign indicates this... very suspect or just a bitter individual. I’ve just been told to leave which I gladly did along with our party. I would advise anyone reading to contact me or think twice if it’s a special occasion. We wasn’t the only unhappy people here. 
Monday night curry, was seated in restaurant only two other people in there. They had had a few and the language was bad so asked to move. The small waiter looked in distain huffing and puffing. We moved and ignored him. Explained sorry we had to move didn’t want to sit next to swearing over a meal. Reaction was rudely dismissive completely ignoring us and talking over “what do you want to drink” and not in a nice way! 
Arrived 8 pm order taken 8:25 no food by 9 . When I complained waiting for an hour for food waiter said you didn't order until 8:25 like it was our fault. 
I visited here Saturday 1st July with some friends, what awful service we had this has really gone down hill. One of my friends was spoken to awfully and told to wait her turn by the waiter! ( she is 24 not 4!) the korma sauce was like water absolutely awful!, they brought the wrong drinks over numerous times and no customer service at all 6 of us will not be returning. 
The Temple used to be excellent. Not now. Maybe under new management. the service was beyond bad. I ordered a small beer, got a large. My friend ordered a small sparkling water, received a large flat. I ordered a Lasse and glass of water, asked several times, they never did come. The food order was wrong for all of us, our friend sent hers back twice, ended up settling for something else. we never got a sweet/coffee menu, asked for coffees that never came, so gave up and asked for the bill. Never came. Asked again, ended up going to the counter to pay. It was a quiet Wednesday night, and apart from a bunch of blokes in the other part, there were only one or two tables with customers. And the food wasn't even particularly good. Sorry Temple, it seems you've had your day. 
Ordered a pickup and was sitting in there 45 minutes over the time they said! when I chased them up the staff laughed at me and ran off into the kitchen. AWFUL. If there were 0 stars that is what I would rate it. 
We went here as a party of 4 on a busy Saturday.  
Being a regular local user of the fish bar, I was really disappointed this evening with the quality of the food. I ordered a freshly cooked Plaice to takeaway which was covered in a tangled mass of over cooked batter, the fish inside was a couple of mouthfuls worth barely edible. I will give it one more try next time but if no improvement will go elsewhere. Never had this issue before so what has changed? 
Worst take away i have ever experienced. portions are tiny for the price you pay; the beef dish we had was chewy overcooked and tasteless. The side dish of noodles and vegetables was horrendous and the thai green curry which we asked for as mild was so spicy there was no other flavour. The ribs were an absolute disgrace and had barely any meat at all and was predominately just bone. I have never written a bad review in my life as i really am not very fussy about food at all but for the prices they are charging the quality and quantity of food is disgraceful. Do not order from here ever! 
Title says it all... beef massaman curry was over cooked and beef as dry as the desert, the fish dish, the Pla Srong Kruang was flavourless, over cooked again and greasy to the point that it made me want to be sick, and i thought as it was a thai restaurant you must have morning glory, a staple in thailand so cant be that traditional as it says on their website, the last dish was broccoli in oyster sauce, yuk!!!...if i could give it 0 stars it would be too good for this rubbish food...£30 wasted on 3 dishes!!!... 
So bad after 30 mins we decided to leave & make ourselves hotelless. 
Now i only live half mile up the road so have had plenty of fish and chips in my time from this place. 
As mentioned in earlier reviews, service is rubbish. Staff are rude and ignorant including chief frier who shouted his two pennyworth from the back. staff havent quite grasped the concept of serving those at the front of a queue, not difficult and a polite enquiry if there is any doubt is easy enough. two people behind me were served first and when I had the audacity to complain I had abuse hurled at me by the staff. I wont be returning, as earlier reviewer said there are other fish & chip shops arround who value their customers and know the meaning of good customer service. for every one complaint on here there will be 10 more who havent bothered to review. spend your money where its appreciated, this shower dont deserve to be in buiness. 
Had busy day yesterday,mother of 91 very poorly,and brother of 68 just out of hospital from major surgery .They live about 5 miles apart so I hade to rush from one to the other and didn't get chance to eat most of the day. 
This is the worst fish and chips we have ever eaten. Pale soggy batter undercooked. Drove a distance to buy it too. Never again . Don't bother!  
Food was awful, bad service. The restaurant is crammed with tables (claustrophobic atmosphere and decor). Other people were sitting around and literary touching each other. Some loud noisy drunks and weird people go to that restaurant. Never again 
Without doubt, the worst fish & chips I have ever had in my life. I was pre-warned that the quality wasn't good but decided to make up my own mind, I mean, how bad can it be. I brought takeaway for me and the missus and upon arriving back home the look of shock on her face when I told her I got it from jacks had me saying 'error' in my head. When I got the product on the plate I think her fears were realized. The fish didn't look fresh, its wasn't flaky when you cut into it like every other haddock I've had before. It was almost congealed into one big mush which left me suspecting the thing had been frozen for a while. The taste convinced me that the thing had died last century!! When I looked at the chips it was almost as if they too had given up caring, and the soggy, dank look didn't improve the rather strange taste. I'm still getting ear ache for this 'meal' from her indoors. Staff were OK though. 
Just checked in after a long day 5.30am start! £126 for room only, no breakfast! The room is baking hot and tatty decor!  
I specifically asked for a firm bed; I had to put an ironing board under it, it sagged so deeply. The furniture was literally falling apart and wouldn't be able to be given away at a jumble sale. The bathroom was so full of bugs, it made me gag; in the bath, in the sink, all over the windows and with rotten fittings around the sink and rotten window frames, facing a very busy, noisy road, I checked out the next day, prepared to lose money in an overly expensive motel type inn, with a horrible cold buffet breakfast. I was disgusted. 
The roast was overcooked and tough and the fish had a batter that must have been 1/2 cm thick. The service was terrible and don't get me wrong it wasn't even busy. Very disappointing. 
We visited this restaurant for my sons birthday, we had 8 people in our party and thought we would try The Temple. It was the worst Indian restaurant for service I have ever been to, the waiters definitely need some training in how to serve meals Bowls of rice were just thrown down the table, my daughter had coke dripped down her back. The food was okay but nothing special. When some of our party had finished (others were still eating) the waiter then started to gather up the plates and literally tried to take away a plate from which my daughter was still eating! Then towels were tossed down the table on two plates at which point my son in law complained, saying it was rude as hadn't finished his meal and was still eating. The staff were surly and most unfriendly, all in all not a pleasant experience for a family celebration. Next time we will go to Chutney Joe's or the Curry Special for an evening out. 
I have never been to a restaurant where the staff are so rude before! 
Went there for dinner on a Sunday, ordered several different dishes. 
This restaurant is one of the worst I have visited in a very long time.  
Poor customer service. Food tasted like they just poured sauce on meat. Meat texture tough and old. Food slightly cold. To be honest don't waste your time or money. All my friends were so disappointed will never be coming back 
We ordered take away and it was such a disappointment. It was by far the worst Jalfrezi we ate, very bland, tasteless and mainly onions. Chicken was undercooked in the other dish and the sauces' texture was rather unpleasant. I would not recommend this restaurant and will not try them again. 
Been here few times before , nice pub with nice atmosphere and ambiance, but sadly standards have fallen a lot since  
Just sat down by the fire on a very cold winters night to be told too hot for a fire in the rudest manner. Not too sure what night of the year an open fire is made for. Bar staff need training in how to deal with customers. Last visit.  
My family started eating here a good while back and frequented the restaurant often, the food and the service was always very good. I recommended this restaurant to everyone I spoke to. 6 months ago I visited with my wife and friends and the service was very very average, and the food was just ok. We waited over 1hour for our food to be served from the time of ordering. There was also quite a big difference in some of the portions of food that people got ( number of pieces of chicken / lamb ) it was very hit and miss. We have not been back until this weekend as we thought we would give it another go and went with two of our very good friends who were with us on the previous occassion............. what a big mistake. This restaurant has really gone downhill in terms of service and food quality. At the weekend, we again waited over 1 hour to be served our food, tables of the same amount of people were coming in and got served before myself and also others. A table of three people next to us got up and walked out after not even being approached by waiters for over 10 minutes since sitting down at the table. I approached the waiter at the bar and explained, instead of a sorry sir I will check on your food he said the other people ordered before you, which was completely untrue, even the people next to us spoke of how embarrassed they were that we were waiting and they were eating and nearly finished ! 
What can I say? I used to enjoy dining at this restaurant - the food was nicer than other places I'd been to and the presentation was pretty good (although it is a little pricier than other indian restaurants I've been to).  
I have had two bad experiences at this restaurant though the decor is lovely and the food ok, the service is awful. 
I was in a party eating with you in your garden today. I was happy to see the tables were well spaced BUT the food and drink delivery system you employ is inadequate. Each time food was delivered to the table I was very very close to the server with them wearing no protection whatsoever. If any of your servers test positive you will be forced to close again which you do not deserve. Why can the servers not wear masks: another restaurant I have recently used employ food delivery staff wearing a perspex face mask: the bare minimum is a cloth mask. 
We came to celebrate my sister's birthday today for lunch, the group consisted of 6 adults and 4 children (grandmother and great aunt). The manager claims that our children were running around which was completely false. Children from other tables were seen running around and entering into the playground that was cordoned off - however it was our children that were told off by the manager despite our children playing at our table. The manager was extremely aggressive and rude - we were shocked by his aggressive nature. We quickly finished our drinks and left. We will definitely not return again. This is 2020 - please start treating people of colour the same way as everyone else. I am sure the manager (Dell) will provide another story but I have never written a review about a pub before but because his behaviour was so appalling towards us (without any just reason to be) I feel it is appropriate to let others know. 
This has always been my families local pub and have been going there for years as the food is nice and it’s friendly as you know the locals. The menu has never been great but it’s ok for convenience. BUT we decided to have a private function there, surprise 70th and we chose the side area as it has its own bar, upstairs was too quiet so we booked the side area back in November and started the preparations. Was given the menu via email and advised to get everyone’s meal selection a week before as it was a big party of people dining. We we told no later than Friday. Sent over Thursday night and Friday morning they’ve changed the menu. So we had to get everyone to changed their food again. Then when we arrive with the guest of honour we had been shoved in the restaurant and they booked a party in the side room. No communication to ask if we would mind moving but really they shouldn’t have accepted their booking as we booked it first and ages ago...so not impressed at all and the food was.... just ok!! Ok pub for a lunch but don’t book any functions there as they are not cut out for it.  
Went here for mother's day. Two steaks not cooked properly, 15 minutes later they came back black and burnt. The staff were nice about it but the kitchen is clearly incompetent. There were only two other tables in the restaurant so their excuse of being busy was nonsense. The manager was very apologetic and is apparently sending us some sort of offer via email. 
went for lunch yes terday, there was 3 of us,, i am a head chef of a gastro pub and had heard great reviews about this place so arranged for myself and 2 friends to visit here,,, the pub is in a nice location, lovely to look at from the outside and nicely decorated inside,, all the staff were sitting around the bar chatting away, but we never had to wait for service to be fair,,,, well, the price of a lemonade was £2;50, i read the menu, ordered the jerk chicken burger and fries which i think was £11;50. i was very dissapointed to receive a tiny bun, with a dried up chicken fillet that tasted like pure cinnamon and a tiny, cold "tin" of fries on the side,,,, 2 tiny shreds of onion in the burger and one macdonalds size piece of gerkin :) laughable, no side salad or coleslaw for that price,,, my friends had fish and chips and hummous and dips,, said they was awful as well,,, hire decent chefs, get a new menu!! your mark up on food must be through the roof! my friends mushy peas were blitzed up tinned peas!! wont eat here again and wuddnt recomend anyone else doing so! 
The pub itself is in a lovely location, the garden is nice and big with a play area for the kids. That's it! The food is way over priced for what you get, the kids meal was the worst, a tiny plate of mac cheese and the attached as a fruit dessert.... just a manky apple dumped on a plate! The £14 burger and chips that I ordered was not upto the name they gave it in the menu either, it was full of gristle and the chips were plonked in a little metal cup. The service was also not good. As I was ordering, a very unapologetic lady decided to barge past the guy who was taking my order with not so much as an excuse me! 
First Great impressions upon arrival, from the parking attendant to the host as we approached the gate and there’s the one star unfortunately! Felt completely mis sold on the fact that I was given the impression that the ticket price was entrance to the display and the bbq buffet, this however was not the case it was for food only!! Unfortunately I do not feel the food lived up to the great reviews I’ve heard previously about this establishment. Firstly the vegetarian curry option was cold and completely bulked with chickpeas. All hog roasts I have attended usually have stuffing and apple sauce which took away the enjoyment of this buffet option. Burgers unfortunately tasted like a cheap brand, tasteless, The buffet was disappointing with what I consumed on the said evening. Fireworks were good though if you were watching for free or the purchase of a drink! 
Had a table booked for 8 people  
My sister booked here for my Mum's birthday. She booked the table for 5.30pm as we had children with us, but we were only told when we got there that the kitchen didn't open until 6pm. 
A visit today with a groupon voucher, we were shown to a not so nice table for two, we could order a main course with either a starter or a desert, we had starters, my prawns were o.k my wifes calamari was not, we both had the chicken and ribs, the chicken was dry and the ribs soggy, seemd to have been left out and kept warm, who knows what happened, the sweetcorn was the worst, it seemed like it was 99% water, really not edible, better to have drunk it, we brought the ribs and chicken back home, a feast for next doors cats, if they will eat it. We will not for sure be returning any time soon. 
Visited today with family ordered drinks and food in the garden after 45 mins had to chase food for kids then another 40 mins passed and still did not get served  
This was meant to be good birthday celebration evening out with family, but to our disappointment it was worst decision to come here. The manager Chris Maguire from start was very rude to us and later on while we were enjoying our dinner Chris started shouting at family next to us. Our kids were scared and were shaken what was happening. He was very rude and shouted at the family to leave the restaurant because he was having bad day. We stopped eating and decided to leave. Helen another manager apologised to every table and offer us discount. Overall very very disappointed birthday evening meal and will be remembered for long time. We will definitely will not return again. Harvester restaurant needs to re-think staff training. Sorry no pictures as I've deleted all from my phone.  
As the title says it sums it up for me. a couple of years ago had also visited the one in old Windsor it was the worst service and food I have ever had anywhere. 
Poor service, poor quality, flavourless. You can do better going to Iceland and making it yourself. All the old quality staff has gone, there’s not care or attention to detail. It’s a run of the mill place, any normal pub would be a better choice. Toby carvery across the road is better, and that’s a bold statement 
Avoid this pub. The attitude of the management is terrible. Problem there is no other pub close. Service is non existent although not the fault of the table staff who work hard but no where near enough of them. I went last last and it was busy and we were advised food would have a wait time of 30 mins. Not a problem it was Saturday night and we were not in any hurry. However we ordered from the specials menu to be told after ordering and waiting there was no more of the dish we ordered. Food was ok but not worth the £45 per head I paid. Then no decaf coffee..the same reason I was given a few months ago ....waiting for a new machine. Tried to get the bill to be told I would have to wait as the staff were busy. Came very quickly when I said I was leaving!!! 
My intention was to make this my local and regular eating place when I work out of town but I was terribly disappointed due to the following.  
We've been here many times over the last few years, groups of 3-8 in the past. But the quality and presentation of the food was exceptionally poor. I ordered cod & chips as the main menu was not available. The plate arrived with a large dollop of mushy peas and an equally large dollop of tar tar sauce, (not nicely presented in individuals ramekins so you could select the quantities you would have liked) the cod was very oily and the chips were old and reheated in oil. Frankly inedible, the waitress suggested they were double fried/twice cooked!!!! As the group attempted to head to the garden for our regular cigarette break with our wine glasses I was asked to settle the bill. This has never happened to me before, I felt insulted, we had not even discussed desert yet as a group. Having explained that we were frequent customers and were accustomed to taking a break we went out. Only to be followed by another waiter within minutes with the bill. We explained AGAIN we were taking a break before ordering desert. As we sat chatting and drinking the remainder of the wine, I noted the waitresses keeping a close eye on us. We were so disgusted with their behaviour we did not order desert and left having settled the bill. No one apologised for the quality of our meals to add insult to injury. You will see from my previous reviews I have been very complimentary of the food and the staff. Sadly this is no longer my view, there is a very big different between freshly cooked chips, twice or triple compared to reheated stale leftover chips from the lunch time rush. 
Extremely disappointed with how myself and friends were treated during a visit today, meeting for a catch up as we haven’t seen each other in a while and it has been ruined. The member of staff serving us was exceptionally rude and referred to a younger member of the party as a ‘fussy sod’. As someone who has visited this particular harvester on a regular occasion I am certain I won’t be back in the near future, it has certainly gone down hill recently.  
Went for evening meal, service was good, but food was not! Meals for children were served on very hot plates that could burn them. Decor was poor, nice outside area.  
Visited along with my local Zumba group for our christmas get together , we used the venue last year . One of the staff took exception to us playing music . There was absolutely no requirement for him too be so rude , totally out of order .  
Went here Monday evening to meet a friend, Was so hot 15 minutes later the waitress came over to explain the Refill Machine was brokem, handed me a diet coke and small glass and said they would have to charge for each individual drink? One way of making money on a hot day. Desert - Black Forest Gateau - no munchies to add on the top -ran out of stock.... We then ordered some drinks at the bar to sit outside - Coffee machine was broken --- no beer the pumps had run out of gas... it couldn't get any worse.... 
We were directed to take a seat outside as inside the restaurant was full.  
Visited here on our way home. Biggest mistake ever.  
Chicken and burger not very good and two rare steaks were ordered which were un eatable and were taken away, refund given but no other food was given and manager would not negotiate except for saying it was cooked right when it clearly wasn't.  
The Duke Of Kent has a nice seating area in a large garden lovely in the warmer weather. Some of the staff are very rude and do not believe that 'the costumer is always right'. We ordered 2 RARE steaks hessian chicken and a beef burger and all was a disappointment. The 2 steaks were Cooke well done and we were told we were wrong and that they were rare. A rare steak should bleed without touching it, this did not even bleed whith a knife pushing through it. The chef has clearly not got a full qualification in catering. The chicken which I had was pink and the cous cous was dry. The burger was dry and had no flavour, the cheese was hard and tasted like plastic.  
I decided to dine in this restaurant just after 21:30hrs. 
This is not the first time I have visited the restaurant where food/service were poor. On this occasion the only reason for visiting was that the Toby Carvery across the road was closed. 
We decided to go out last week as a family to the palmers arms. (We now wish we never!)  
Was there a few weeks ago with my husband and two children. My husband and I both ordered the Duke of Kent Burgers. They were dreadful. I left mine. My husband ate half of his as he was so hungry. 
Came out for dinner in the evening, after reserving my table in advance was sat down pretty quick, waitress was not at all bothered about us, had to call out to make her aware we wanted to order and then even didn’t tell us where the re fills was for the drinks, when ordered food, was not asked if food was ok or if we needed anything else such as tissue or any beers, will not be coming back, everyone seems very busy rushing around, lack of staff, if this is like this now what will it be like around Christmas.  
Where do I start? I'm giving 1 star because the food tasted nice. The service was beyond awful by several colleagues. Initially booked for 16. Called back 3 times during the week and went to the branch each time mentioning now to seat 22 and 2 highchairs. We got there told our table wasn't ready (although you could see it was) 30 mins after booking time I asked and was told it has been ready an hour. But only 16 seats were booked and the rest would need to sit in another part of the restaurant. So my 4 year old who was having her birthday party, didn't get to sit next to any of the other kids her age!! Nobody took our food order until after 730 and we had to ask several times to do so! Decorations were not put out we had to ask and was told no one had told them about decorations! Oh yeah that makes it right! Whole experience was a joke. We each ended up having only a main course because we just wanted out of there! The food tasted good although we didn't get it until 2030 (from a 1830 booking) we had to ask several times for the cake and were given no knives no plates. So I cut the cake with a butter knife and served it on napkins - we were told that's all they could do?! Way to go harvester we still spent £270. No compensation was offered for the worst service I've ever received. The whole experience was appalling it was like we just went out for a meal. Where was the fuss for the birthday girl? Even if they offered us a free coffee to have while we are our birthday cake off of our napkins. Pathetic! Such a disappointment. Won't be coming again! 
Rude staff and terrible service. 
This was the worst experience at Harvester, very disappointing.  
Having read some of the reviews, I tried this place. Gastropub it is not though it charges as if it was. The service was poor and the staff disinterested if not downright rude. Not the worst place I've been to but nowhere near the best either. 
Didn't visit on a Sunday for a roast (if you do want a fantastic roast, I recommend the Brentham Club Perry Cafe, large portion & cheaper). I was dragged here by someone with kids who was keen on the place because the children can play in the little playground area of the garden. If you've got kids and like a drink, then I guess maybe this place is perfectly fine. Food is a completely different matter however. Don't expect brilliant food & friendly waiting service here. Certainly don't expect it to be reasonably priced relatively to the level of quality either. It's a Fullers, which says enough about the overpriced poor quality food to expect. I got a burger, which is £11. This is expensive, even by GBK & Byron Burger standards. It's not a very large burger, not a brilliant especially delicious juicy bit of meat cooked well, nor is it well executed, accompanied by a small cup of anaemic soft uncrunchy fries. The meat did not indicate that it had been well cooked over a flame grill (no evidence of griddle charcoal). It seemed more like it had been parcooked then reheated to an inadequate temperature. The whole plate of food was not hot in the slightest. I later got home and had explosive diarrhea after this burger meal. A terrific result, I'm sure you'll agree. Truly a testament to Fuller's food. Another I was dining with got an overpriced cod & chips, somewhere in the region of £12-£13 I believe. If you like fish & chips, Blue Ocean down the road does far better, arguably even better than Kerbisher & Malt, is cheaper and is also a local family business. It can't be overstated that, as a Fuller's pub, it does not truly take pride in or aspire to deliver top notch food. It does not have quality assurance the kind that you could expect of a true gastropub, say like Nathan Outlaw's, that is fastidious about food quality. Summary: For drinks? Yes, fine if you like Fuller's drinking options. For food? God no, not on your life - have some sense & taste, buy something that's actually good from elsewhere that's not mediocre and, to add insult, extortionately overpriced for what it is to boot. 
I could go on for ages about how bad this place is but simply if you want a reasonably priced meal and drinks with good courteous service go somewhere else. Quite frankly the worst place I've been to this year or for quite a while.  
Just arrived from switzerland for a week vacation with the family. Air BNB a house around pits hanger lane.Discovered this place walking about and went in for dinner. The staff are as pleasant as prison officer and do not seem to be at ease with allergen as my son has severe allergy to eggs,dairy and nuts. Not ready to take any risk we order only chips for him. The rest of us had burgers and fish and chips. we waited 45 minutes to get a soggy fish and overcooked burger with under cooked fries. I complained to the waiter who literally told me what do you want me to do about it.I though he was joking but no he was serious. Just paid and left. 
Having been blessed with some gorgeous weather recently we thought we would go back and try the stunning garden in the Kent and see if they have discovered any customer service! 
After a disaster Christmas Eve 2013 i decided to never put a foot in this place but against my will was forced to join a dinner party in this place. Even if I was kind of prepare for having a bad night I was again very shocked how badly this place is managed. The staff are rude and lacked customer service . Five years ago this place was so friendly the staff used to stay here for long time now staff turn over is high. Waited ages to get served. My meat was over cooked and the taste was odd. Did not like my meal at all. This place is as well very overpriced for what you get.there are much better place on the lane. 
The staff are too busy chatting to themselves and ignoring customers who are coming through the door. We had to wait almost an hour and then being told that they could not serve us as they had no tables, even though we were sitting at one. Disgusting and waste of my time. We ended up at Millionaires Restaurant in Langley instead, where we were welcomed with grace. I will never go back to the Harvester again. 
Visited Sunday afternoon. Asked for gin and tonic. No tonic. Asked 
After a great day at LEGOLAND we wanted somewhere local to where we were staying to eat. Harvester is one of our favourite places to eat.... not this one the staff were miserable we had to wait an hour for a table for 3 and when we finally sat down to order the waitress forgot our drinks... my partner and I ordered fish, chips and peas, lil man opted for a kids meal after a 10 minute wait we were greeted with 2 kids meals... when our correct meal finally arrived the fish was still swimming but in grease... Still didn't get our order correct partner wanted mushy peas got garden... I'm not usually one to complain but this place is shocking ... after we paid the bill the waitress asked if I'd like a receipt this took another 10 mins to sort out.... think some of the staff should work on their people skills....  
So myself and my husband thought we go to Harvester as we hadn't been for a while. Gone was the rude female manager and instead was an older male manager.  
Well they gave me a parking ticket from a private car parking company taking photos of your car as you go in and out. Bit creepy I'd say. Simple customer service issue to many I hear you say. Oh no, you should have done this, you should have done that bla bla bla. The usual that you get from people that haven't evolved too much in their lives. Anyway bit of a time waster. Service is slow and staff often school kids which is kind of uncomfortable when you're just out for a nice meal with someone. £40 to £45 for a burger and stuff, plus parking fine. Even without the fine probably should have just gone to macdonalds. 
As a regular visitor over the last 18 months I am shocked at how the pub/restaurant has deteriorated. In the past week we visited for both lunch and dinner. For lunch I ordered the quesadillas. This has been my favourite lunch on their menu. Howvever this time they were not up to standard. They were greasy and the cheese had been added on top of the tortilla and then baked or grilled so it was hard, Also the usual sides were not present. On Tuesday evening we decided to go for dinner. My standout meal here has always been the oven baked sausage, mash and spring greens cooked in a cast iron pan. What I received on Tuesday evening was a plate with tasteless lumpy mash, greens with carrots, sausages which were undercooked and a wishy washy gravy. To say I was disappointed is an understatement. My partner ordered the burger which was also dry and tasteless. We ordered Sauvignon bland by the glass and it tasted as though it had been sitting around for some time. To give credit to the manager he was very apologetic and did not charge us for my meal and offered a different choice. He said the usual chef was not working. This should not be something he has to apologise for. Consistency is what a restaurant should be about, 
Website said opens at 11am. Pulled in and parked at 11am, as it was handy for our journey. Doors locked, had to wait in rain for 5 mins to then be told that they didn’t open until12 and even then they were “running late”. Had to go back and wait at the door again to register car reg so that we wouldn’t get a ticket - member of staff did not offer this during the first interaction. No stars would be a fairer review. 
Nice pub and okay for a pint of beer but avoid the food. Poor service, we waited almost an hour between starter and main course  
Had a very expensive meal that was SO bad. First of all, we had to flag someone down in order to be seated - they were no busy as there were many tables empty, then had to wait 15 minutes and again flag someone down to order drinks. The food was so bad, we ordered the beef burger it had no flavour and was very dry, it was just a lump of minced beef about 2 inches thick on a dry bun. Very disgusted as they are demanding exorbitant prices for bad food- not value for money. 
Possible the worst dining experience I've ever had. When our food came out the roast beef was like leather from old boots the vegetables were cold and the manager was so rude we left incensed. It's sad to think that previously over the years we have enjoyed fantastic food there. I'm not sure weather it's new management or a new chef but the Duke of Kent has gone not just gone down hill it's fallen off a cliff.  
Sunday lunch with your parents in a pub that I have been going to go over 30 years should be an enjoyable experience. However today the service was poor and the food was beyond awfull. The Roasts were dry, clearly cooked some time before service and left under heat to dry out. When returned the manager claimed the reason the gravy was burnt onto the plate was because the plates were hot!! When asked to explain why the meat was dry and leather like his only comment was that they had been busy!!! The veg was stone cold and when this was pointed out to the manager his only comment was that the bowls were hot that may have been the case but the contents were cold. No Atempt at an apology and because of that we left and will not return in a hurry. All in all a truly awfull experience that I have no desire to repeat.  
First time here and the last,we all ate something different and all the food was tasteless, the price is not worth it the staff are good but that's about it. 
Just returned tonight from our first trip to this restaurant. From start to finish it was clear as we were only a table for 2 at 730 that they wanted us in and out as quickly as possible. The food came quickly and it was ok, quite frankly there are much better Thai restaurants than this one in the locality. After our main course the bill was dropped on our table without us asking and we were practically forced to pay. The waitress then took our glasses and told us they wanted the table! In a world where customer service is King they have a lot to learn! Never to return !! 
Like he other reviewer we too were thrown out of the garden because there was a Shakespearean play going on at the bottom of the lawn and the over zealous landlord did not want us listening to this claptrap for free. 
I came with a friend a few months ago - the food is nice but overpriced, the service was ok.  
Booked a table for nine members of our family to celebrate a special birthday only to be extremely disappointed. A round of drinks were served and 5 starters were ordered, (these arrived over an hour later). The main meals had been ordered at the same time as the starters but over 2 hours later we still had not been served with them. We asked our waitress if we could see the manager to express our dissatisfaction at the delay stressing to her this was not her fault. Finally we decided to leave and then of course the manager appeared! He apologised and did not charge us for the drinks or the starters and said he would e mail us with 'something' but was not specific, so no profit there! Maybe the management should be looking at better customer care and staffing to give a better service. 
I always come here for the ribs.. Christmas last year, went here for dinner with colleagues. All of us were stuck in the area for Christmas. My colleagues & I, around 8 of us, of different nationalities, mostly south east asians, were starving so we decided to have Christmas dinner in Harvester.. this guy (South Asian, Indian/Sri Lankan accent, I keep forgetting to check his name) waiting our table was just plain rude from beginning to end. As we were giving him our orders, some would want their ribs with fries, some with veggies, some wanted fish. In the menu, it's your choice if you wanna change your side dish. Since there were 8 of us, he got so irritated that he told us "Why don't you guys just order the same thing?" Turned his back, left, came back a few minutes afterwards to take the orders again. By the end of the dinner, as his rudeness ruined everyone's appetite, we couldn't finish our food so we asked if we could get it for takeaway. He answered with "What? Take away? You guys do know we advise against it. If you want to take it away & anything happens, you cannot blame us." We said it's ok, we're a bunch of flight attendants, we know how it is with food & beverage. Wanna know what he did? He gave us an empty take away box each and told us "You can do it yourselves." Figured must be because just as we were, he was stuck working on Christmas instead of being at home with family. Fine, we understand as WE ARE IN THE SAME SITUATION. 
We visited The Montagu Arms for dinner to celebrate my Mum's birthday. I ordered the mixed grill but asked if I could have my egg scrambled rather than fried. The waiter went off to ask somebody in the kitchen, returned a moment later and said no, that wasn't possible... I tried again. "OK then, could you replace the egg with an extra sausage instead?" No, that couldn't be done either. I noticed that the menu included omelette (what's an omelette if not a scrambled egg in one piece?) I let that one go. Just as well, since the waiter wasn't paying much attention to our order anyway. My eleven year old nephew asked for a cheese omelette, which when it arrived, had obviously been heated in a microwave - it looked awful. Chips were only lukewarm at best (like everything else on my plate). My sister asked for a Baileys coffee, which was fine, apart from the absence of the Baileys... If this 'restaurant' can't be bothered to get it right then it doesn't deserve to remain in business. Claims that it's 'cheap and cheerful' just don't cut the mustard I'm afraid since this place is neither. Shame really - there was a time when you knew what to expect from Harvester - friendly and polite staff, good standard of service and decent food. Sadly our visit demonstrated none of these. Next time we dine out, Miller & Carter will be getting our business - you pay more but there at least it's a consistently good service. The staff make you feel welcome, they provide attentive service and the quality of the food never fails to impress (and they don't have any issues at all doing me a scrambled egg!) Harvester - get your act together or close down - you're just not good enough. 
For someone who has grown up and lived in Windsor / Dorney for over 30 years and to have been to the palmers arms on many occasion for various social events it is safe to say one woman has spoilt the warming and welcoming atmosphere. Her manners are disgusting and I think she needs to remember although she is speaking to “locals” she is still working in hospitality and needs to keep up a customer/ bar staff barrier. This is not the first time she has been ill mannered but for myself, someone who traveled down from Devon to see friends, it is the last time as I have no intention of returning. I am sure many other people will have witnessed her awful “managerial” manor and I hope it doesn’t end up driving other locals away. Such a shame as I know the pub welcomes people with such warmth. 
After finishing work, my work colleague and I wanted some food here, we have visited 3 times before and knew it was good food. We arrived with some of our Hiviz gear on. We were greeted at the door by a member of staff staring us up and down, he said "we had people dressed like you in last night and they did a runner" I assured him that it wasn't us, to which he had a look of disbelief on his face, we were eventually taken to our seats and he then brought another member of staff over who made a comment on taking our card details first?!?, whilst eating our food the staff were walking past and looking to see how much food we had on our plates, as to keep a close eye on when we were ready to leave, not once did they ask if the food was ok. Other people were being seated and given a welcome and a smile. When were ready to leave they were there immediately, surprised he didn't take the money out my pocket himself! Just walking out the door and made eye contact with a passing waiter who basically refused to say thank you or goodbye.  
Both my wife and I work hard and equally enjoy eating out quite frequently. Having visited many restaurants both in the local area and in London, we generally have a fair idea what is expected. We recently visited your branch in Langley and I have to say the experience is far the worst that I have experienced. My family and I felt very uncomfortable and we were never relaxed and didn’t enjoy the atmosphere. After being seated we waited what seemed to be forever for the waiter to introduce himself, in fact we had to raise our hand just to get his attention. Not once did he smile at us or even offer us the drinks. My kids ordered from the Kids menu and wife and I went for the vegetarian meals. When eventually the food came, - which again seemed to be a long time. The chips were cold etc..  
We went there for dinner and it was always busy, we were waiting for more than 30 minutes  
I went to this pub a few years ago and had a magnificent roast dinner. I just went again today and I don't think i'll ever go back. We were told that we couldn't order for an hour as they were very busy but they could sell us nibbles like nuts and crisps. .... 
We don't eat here often but certainly won't be going back there for a long time. Stay away from the vegetarian options the halloumi/bellini dish and artichoke crumble were below average. My daughter's lamb dish was good. Portion sizes are tiny and the quality was bad. Ended up getting a pizza on the way home.  
As walking disctance locals my family and I were excited about the refurbishment of the Duke Of Kent, and were very impressed with it when when we were lucky invitees to a preview evening. Since then on repeated visits each time we have become a little more disenchanted, partly it has to be said due to its success post-refurb as it always seems to be slightly too busy for comfort, as well as slightly overpriced. Last night however, having booked an early evening family dinner for Father's Day, we were so unhappy with the place that we left without even ordering dinner. The bar was understaffed, we sat far too long unnattended at our table and surrounding tables were piled high from the previous customer's detritus with no sign of being cleared up in the half hour or so we stayed. When we did finally attract a staff members' attention we asked how long food was likey to be, to which the response was that the kitchen was also understaffed and that food would take at least 40 minutes. Father's Day has been in the calendar all year - to be so woefully unprepared on a day of family celebration is either incompetent or a case of trying to get by on the cheap with as low as overhead as possible and hope to get away with it. We'll have to get used to walking a little further for local eating out. 
My wife daughter and myself went for dinner on 03/10/16 and the service was absolutely disgusting! Our waitress Monika was rude, abrupt and very aggresive. I ordered the southern fried chicken burger less the salad which took her an age to understand and in doing so she seemed to become increasingly frustrated which led to her slamming her iphone down on the table (which is what they take orders on) and smashing the delete button so she could re-input the complete order yet all she had to do was put no salad on one meal. She stomped off with a terrible attitude and when she came back with the meals she slammed them down on the table and just walked off. My daughter ordered fish goujons which came out with literally one fish goujon which clearly isn't correct. When questioned she completely blanked us and walked off. We put the question to the manager who brought along another 3 as the meal should of consisted of 4. Whether the waitress Monika was having a bad day or not she needs to really learn some people skills and scratch up on her customer service. A very rude and aggresive lady indeed. 
Popped in today (Sunday Lunchtime) for a roast dinner. Just moved to the area and thought we would try some of the local pubs. £14 for a roast that was small, overcooked beef, undercooked potatoes, hard veg, cold watery gravy. Not impressed. Won’t be back.  
A group of 10 of us visited this pub on 21st April for my wife's birthday drinks but we won't be returning again as the bar staff were rude and quite frankly very disrespectful. I began my order but as some of the party hadn't made their minds up quick enough the female bar tender lost patience and very loudly (and sarcastically) said 'WOW' by way of complaint. I was surprised and apologised for any slight delay but her attitude simply stank, I then suggested that she might be in the wrong job, after which she just stared at me with a blank expression - very weird. 
I have just returned from this pub. Lovely refurbishment. Unfortunately the food portion sizes are absolutely SMALL. They have gone all "designer" Typical of the designer mentality. All Form, No function.  
I took my parents for lunch at The Palmer Arms today having already warned them that the service wasn't great but my previous (one time) experience of the food had been good. The table was booked for 12:30 but no food arrived until 1:35. 3 of us ordered macaroni cheese which was tasteless and the sauce so runny you neede a spoon to eat it - we gave up as it wasn't worth the effort. In the end it took 2 hours to get 2 courses and that was through chivvying the waiting staff who deliberately avoided making eye contact so that they could ignore you. Lots of people were complaining. I waited 20 minutes for a cup of coffee. I will definitely not go there again. 
Just seemed run down and dirty, like most Harvesters now. Food was poor. Gave you that cheap rushed feel. Wasn't cheap like it used to be either. This is the last time I'll visit a Harvester, gone right off them. Better grub at Weatherspoons or local pub at half the cost. They're trying to get fancy by adding banana leaves with dinner or some fancy dish. Not like it used to be at all when Worzel & Aunt Sally were there. Overpriced pre-cooked re-heated food. 
First we walked in and was waiting 15 minutes for a table even though they wasn't busy. Then we finally got a table we ordered our food but the chips were hard. We didn't complain. Then we went to pay the bill and the manager was absolutely rude to us saying it wasn't him that deals with it and told us to wait over there. His attitude was absolutely vile. I travelled all the way from Lincolnshire to visit family and this was my first time at harvester here. The managers name is Jason 
Stay clear of this place not worth the money and he service is shocking! When I went on a Sunday was full of Gypsey's running around everywhere  
We are at the harvester for two evenings, the first evening was lovely good staff happy to assist and checked everything was OK. Due to this we returned for our final evening it was like a different place the patio area and beer garden was full of dirty finished dinner plates rubbish everywhere and the toilets were so filthy they closed one. The food order came out wrong and when we complained about the toilets which were covered in someone's upset stomach we complained to Jason the manager who said they were too busy serving food to do anything about it! Although he was just standing around barking orders at very incompetent staff it was a health hazard three toilets all covered in poo!!!  
Visited this venue on Sunday 14th August 2016, whilst visiting relatives in Slough. 
Came here with family, was seated pretty quickly, the waitress was not attentive at all, she did not greet us or make us feel welcome, waited 15minutes to order, ordered drinks, and that did not come until after having eating our salads, not even being told to go get salads including in the meal, the fries came out cold, had to call a different waiter to the table, as my waitress was no where to be seen, did not even get any napkins, the new pasta is awful would not recommend anyone to go for it, very dry and pasta is not cooked, service is lacking.  
The service was very bad, especially the waiter who served us had an attitude problem. His name is WAQ. At first a lady seated us and later Waq took over. He was an Asian dude same like us, but lacks knowledge of service or clearing plates and to add on with this he had no decency to talk to a customer.  
Unimpressed 
Myself and a friend visited this harvester branch yesterday and were served by a man called Jason. He did nothing above and beyond the call of duty it was basic service of which I would expect in any harvester. So when paying for our bills neither myself or my friend left a tip. So when Jason saw we decided to push no to the tip on the card reader and checked our receipts we got our cards shoved in our hands and receipts snatched off the card reader and not even a good bye or thank you. He was fine up until this point so I know it wasn't because he was under pressure due to being busy. Harvester if your staff are going to deliver basic service of what we expect, then teach them not to expect a tip or at least not to get the raging hump in front of your customers due to not getting one! Myself and my friend thought it was extremely rude and as a result will not be returning to this harvester. 
Appalling service and rubbish food. 7.30pm at night and couldn't a table yet inside they weren't full so had to sit outside were we asked 2 people to clear table yet we needed up doing it. Took 20 minutes to order food only a queue of 2 people with 2 serving not to mention the 8 people stood around doing nothing.  
My daughter, whom my wife and I were visiting, booked this pub for 4pm on the following day (Mothering Sunday). We arrived 5 minutes early and had some drinks and ordered the 3 same roasts. We were shown a table, if you could call it that as it was no more than 16” wide x 36” long, located in the Snug area adjacent to the doors leading to the first toilets. Above our seating area the paper was hanging from the ceiling and the general décor looked as if it had not been touched for a decade. As it was busy we could have understood if there had been a 30 minute wait for the 3 bog standard roasts to turn up but in the event it turned out to be almost a full hour without any apologies from the staff. But what was really bad was the lingering smell of what resembled that of a dead rat tucked away somewhere in the fabric of the building. I’m not normally a fussy person but going up the stairs to the toilets was a shock as it reminded me of some of the derelict buildings I used to inspect before major refurbishment or demolition. The smell was even stronger in the landing areas leading to several rooms before you arrived at the toilets. I did wonder if there was a dead body in one of the rooms as the smell did not seem to emanate from the toilets themselves. 
We normally really enjoy visiting here however today was not the same experience at all. We had to wait half an hour to even place an order and nearly an hour before the hot food arrived. By which time drinks ( coffee tea juice), had been taken away along with accompanying toast, cereals etc. We weren't offered a chance for extras - I assume because it was now the lunch menu. But having been there nearly two hours by now we wouldn't have had any anyway. Our complaint was dealt with well but I overheard another member of staff trying to explain away the shoddy experience as being a problem on Sundays. If this is always the experience on sundays then isn't it about time the restaurant re thought Sunday service to ensure people don't have such long a wait. Much of the food when it arrived was either charred or cold.  
I have eaten a few times at this restaurant. The food is okay (average maybe), but I am somewhat surprised at the rave reviews. This evening I ordered a fillet steak which comes with saute potatoes and vegetables. Potatoes? Seven. Three and a half VERY small new potatoes cut into half, and placed round the plate in an effort to make the portion look more than it was. I explained to the manager/owner that the portion was small, and asked for more, which he duly obliged. To cut a long story short, I was charged extra, and any attempt to establish the fact that the original portion was inadequate in the first place fell on deaf ears. This establishment does not care about customer satisfaction; it appears to be driven by greed. I do not recommend! 
As I said, second time, I gave them a second chance to be professionals. First time, the food came late, cold and was expensive. Second time, the food came late again, cold again and was expensive again.  
I've been a regular for years and this place is going down hill.  
 Waited over half an hour for a table after being told it would be 15mins 'tops'.  
Hard poached egg's (which were done in the microwave), value ham (instead of bacon) and a slice of cold tomato?!? What?!? Poor food, coffee and service. I will not be returning. 
I had an awful experience coming here, the manager was walking around in her pyjamas eating food out of the kitchen, and the customer service was horrendous. Arrived for breakfast waited 15 mins to be served, was served roar eggs and then asked to "leave if I didn't like it" when I asked for different eggs!!! Horrible service would never go there again, it was unprofessional and not to mention dirty! 
I have stopped a few of these harvesters as you know what your getting if your in a hurry. 
Well some Harvesters are great fresh salads and nice staff so although the brand you know what your going to eat .The harvester in Langley is not up to scratch beers runs out manageress doesn't tack feedback well and glasses and plates left on the tables not cleared away, at last but not least the toilets well!,, go to the Maidenhead or even Reading much much better 
A waiter who doesn't listen to what you order, a manager who was indifferent to the fact that he had ants on the window sills and tables and being charged for something I didn't have- altogether a horrible experience.  
Average food & surrounded by dogs in restaurant, not even kfc let dogs in! Loud barking from table next to us & no concern for customers allergies 
My partner and I decided to take our friends out for dinner and after walking in the service was horrible.  
After reading other reviews decided to still give it a go BIG mistake!! we went with friends and their children got there at 7pm and were told it would be a 45 minute wait we had to wait outside beacuse the bar was so full it started to rain so we came back into the bar area where we were forced to sit at a table next to a group of people who were extremely drunk and rowdy and very very loud we were surprised that they were still serving them alcohol beacuse their language was choice! They were treating it more like a pub than a family restaurant There were also kids running around screaming everywhere We should have known then what kind of night we were in for then! I went to use the toilet and there was a lady who appeared to he drunk who was using the toilet with the door wide open there was toilet paper all over the floor that was also soaking.We eventually got our table to eat at 8.20 where we were showed to our table and given a menu and didn't see anyone to order for about 20 mins and that's beacuse we went to find a waitress! our friend went to the bar for a drink and the barman was more interested in putting glasses away than actually serving him!! When we eventually ordered our food and it arrived it was over cooked and luke warm the jacket potato I had was so cold the butter didn't even melt on it We eventually got out of there at 10.20! Over 3 hours for a main meal and a dessert never ever ever again it was a shambles it's a shame beacuse the place gives the harvester chain a bad name  
Four of us went for a meal, we had been before several times,  
Not impressed with being overcharged for our orders. Ordered 2 bottles of wines, the first bottle took ages to arrive, the second bottle didn’t arrive. We queried it and the waitress claimed we didn’t order it, she apparently went to check and came back to say we hadn’t ordered it. We said we wanted the second bottle (as we had asked for it but we clearly wasn’t listened too!) so this eventually arrived! Then the bill came, 2/3 of us paid our share of the bill, when my friend realised that we had been overcharged (charged for 3 bottles of wine!) The manager then claimed that in response to this when we come back (as myself and one of my friends were apparently not able to get refunds for being overcharged!) that when we are next in we would get a ‘free’ bottle of wine to compensate for the poor service and deception in regard to our orders! We feel completely let down and I am not convinced that we will be given anything free as compensation as we were just given the word of a stranger of this deal in response to our poor service given! We should have been given our money back straight away or all 3 of us should have been given a voucher as compensation for the stress caused during our visit! 
I’ve updated this review as ‘TeamMont’[?] from the Montague Arms accused me of mistaking them for another establishment [!] & asked me to remove the review. The thought that 2 restaurants this dreadful could exist in one town is beyond belief. I would like to point out, as I told Tripadvisor ‘s review team, that I have the feedback card from the Montague Arms & that we definitely were in the Montague Arms, 374 London Road, Slough SL3 7HX. Ref.BUN:161420. I stand by the review; it is an honest review of the condition of the property, décor and of standard of the food, the service, the staff & the behaviour of the manager. 
Arrived at around 3pm on Valentine's Day for a late lunch, unfortunately the staff were very pre occupied in setting up for the pubs evening activities. Finally located a staff member to get some menus and ordered food and wine. Veggie option was nice but partner's dish:pork belly was so dry 'old leather' and the potatoes raw/ very under cooked. Requested to return the meal. Staff were not only unapologetic but after 25 minutes still hadn't retruned to our table to take an order for the replacement main. We disappointingly also experienced some 'attitude' from the staff, just so very disappointed.We left shortly after.A simple apology and some service would have went such a long way. We won't be going back. 
Went with toddler with highchair but stuck right in the middle of the thoroughfare.  
was persuaded by colleagues to re-visit,having said previously i would not go again. it was the xmas menu we had.  
Just visited Wildwood in Hornchurch. Had a hair in my dinner which I fished out of my mouth. Obviously not very impressed and the manager was only prepared to offer my meal frrr although it obviously ruined the dining experience for the four of us. Will definitely not be returning. 
We visited this restaurant yesterday with family including children. 
place wasnt busy yet staff seemed uncaring. long wait for food and when it arrived is was "less than average" . altogether a pricey expensive place with doesnt live up to expectations. wont be going again 
I used to love this pub but my last visit was so disappointing. I ordered a burger, it was too solid and mainly tasteless. The triple cooked chips tasted as if they had been cooked three days ago. Rubbery and overcooked. I asked for skinny fries as they used to make them and they are at least hot but they have stopped serving them. There was a large selection of plant based meals but they were uninspiring. Waited 15 minutes in a cubby hole before my order was taken .. I had to go up to a member of staff twice before they came to us. I might as well as had a takeaway in my car as the whole experience had no sense of atmosphere. 
It will be short because I cant waste my time. The food is awful and overpriced . We ordered duck salad for almost 16£ each . Thats was the worst meal in the past months...you easily can go to proper restaurant and get nice meal for this price. We will never go there for food. 
My husband and I went there for dinner in July. We left having eaten just a few bites, and after a big argument with their manager. 
I decided to take my daughter out for a meal to our local Harvester after school. We ordered chicken wraps and chicken burger. The meal was cold, the burger bun was stale and the quality of chicken in my tasteless wrap was of poor standard, full of fat. The waiter never asked until the end of the meal "how was it?". He realised that me and my daughter hardly ate any of it and when I politely mentioned the poor quality of food he shrugged his shoulders. The restaurant was dirty and the lighting shades above the tables were filthy with flies buzzing all over the food, also the tables were sticky....Please do not eat here, was not a great warm experience for me and my daughter. We paid and left...a very dissatisfied customer :-( 
Took my siblings out, cutlery was disgusting and felt it hadn't been washed properly, the floor was disgusting with litter and food droppings, tables were filthy and had to ask the lady to send someone over. Customer Service is extremely poor and this particular Harvester as well as the ones in Windsor. Would recommend you going to the Harvester in Taplow.  
2 Chicken curries, 2 Pilau Rice and I plain Naan delivered for around £32 quid. 
I visited the Hornchurch branch on 4/3/2017. I ordered 'giganti' meat pizza. Well honestly I have had a lot of pizzas from take away and Also high street restaurants and this pizza had the least amount of meat on it I had ever had.  
I drive by here quite often and always wanted to try as it looks nice and cosy.  
I only went here once last year expecting a decent steak !! the steak was grisly and terrible, service was poor, i would not go back there again.. 
Was meeting with a friend for a catch up and this was half way for us both,on walking to the entrance I noticed the amount of rubbish outside the restaurant,dirty glasses on the floor etc,not a very good first impression,went to the bar nice young lad served us and we went and sat down,my diet drink was so watery I took it back as it had no flavour,I was told it was meant to be like that ! I wasted no more time and threw it away at the refill station and went to do my own,only for the Pepsi Max to just be giving out fizzy water,ok no problem diet pepsi it is then, 
We have been going to this harvester almost every Sunday for a family meal and end up asking ourselves why did we come here again!!!. The place is filthy as ever, the chips were cold and the pork ribs were extremely dry.....And to make the matters worst the waitress who served us today seems to be on a rush, very rude and doesn't know a thing about customer service and honestly she needs to learn to be polite. Kids were disappointed that their favourite food was out of stock!!! The management needs to wake up and take action,specially on the rude waitress. 
the place has gone downhill... absolutely shocking. the place is filthy, the toilets absolutely stink and the service is questionable, the staff were ok, could clearly see their understaffed. the cutlery was all filthy and just in general I wasn't impressed at all 
Having previously dined many times before at The Palmers Arms and wanting to take my Mum somewhere nice, I phoned the restaurant the day before to make a reservation for Mother's Day. I was told to turn up at 2pm when there would be a table for us, as they couldn't fit us in at 1:30pm as I'd requested, so I left my name and number and the guy on the phone said he would look forward to seeing me tomorrow.  
We decided to have lunch and arrived at the Restaurant at 12.30pm we ordered food and drinks took our number tag (50) and waited at our table in the garden. After half an hour I went in to find out how long the meal we had ordered would be. The Waitress told me I'll check and went into the kitchen, she returned and said a couple of minutes more wait for your food. Ater another half hour I went back in and asked a male member of Staff what was going on, he went into the kitchen returning to tell me that there had been a mix up and he would put my order through now. By this time I had had enough so I asked for my money back which I got with no apologies for the terrible service. My advice would be to avoid eating here if this is the best they can do after a mix up! 
My family and I decided to treat our Mum to a Mother's Day lunch at the Palmer Arms having heard nothing but good things about it from friends. My sister called and got a reservation and we all turned up to be treated incredibly rudely by the manager. The waitress who greeted us was unable to find our reservation but said she would get the manager and they'd find us a table ,meanwhile did we want to get a drink at the bar. So far so good. Then the manager came over and proceeded to call my sister a liar, say we were clearly in the wrong place (as far as we know there is only 1 Palmer Arms in Dorney ), refused to seat us despite there being several empty tables that he told us weren't booked for a couple of hours and then said we could eat if we could find a table in the garden otherwise oh well.  
What a terrible time, my chicken was dry, the chips were exactly the same as mcdonalds, the salad was ok. Soon after our meals were served a group of people arrived and surrounded our table for the remainder of our evening meal, they rested their drinks, and occasionally, rested their backsides on our table. ( I really didn't expect that from a group of middle class pensioners ) I couldn't hear myself think, let alone hear my wife when she attempted a conversation. I complained to the nearest member of staff, after squeezing past the hollering pensioners, expressing my distaste at the situation. He eventually appeared and slowly moved these people into their seats, did not offer me an apology, or indeed a discount. That was until I showed my taste card, and complained again, also suggesting a further discount. I was treated very shabbily by the manager, perhaps he is used to that behaviour in East Europe, he blew me off and I swore and left, never to darken those doors again. Unless they get someone who can manage properly! 
The worst steak i have ever had i ordered a well done steak i received a burnt stake which was hard as leather this ruined our family experience , no apology from the manager saying that you ordered a well done steak , i explained that i have steak all the time from other restaurants and they never serve steak burnt i will never be going back to this restaurant and i do not recommend harvester in london road langley slough trust me do not go there it is only a matter of time till they close down dont waste your hard earned money at this place also the decor is disgusting and the toilets are filthy worst of all the management want to argue with the customer as if the customer is wrong this review i am being honest and truthful please feel free to contact me for further info thank you. 
Took a friend for a birthday meal on Monday evening - when we saw the completely full car park I wondered if I had made a mistake in not pre-booking a table. 
Wow!!!! After being told to wait 2 minutes for a table we watched several families arrive to be seated strength away, after 15 minutes I complained and was seated straight away only to find about 6 empty tables. The place is very dirty and in a state of disrepair. The food was average at best and the service absolutely apauling. 
Waited for almost ten minutes to be acknowledged never mind seated. An elderly couple one of whom was disabled waited longer. One of the staff then seated me in the bar area saying "it will be quicker in here" and then proceeded to ignore me for a further 10 minutes. The partition next to where I was sat had graffiti on it, a leather sofa was badly ripped and wallpaper was torn on the walls. I asked where the toilets were and was sent to some toilets that were out of order with panels off the walls, no toilet seats, dirty brown water in the toilet bowls. I was then sent to some other toilets where of the two one had its seat missing and the counter top by the sinks was very dirty. After saying that the food was okay. 
I was surprised to read all the bad reviews regarding this place as I have eaten here once a year before flying from Heathrow, for the past 7 years. Each time has been lovely until this year that is! I can see now why all the bad reviews. Could not believe the state of the place. Leather settees with rips in them, dirty plates, cups, glasses and cutlery just mounting up as tables not being cleared. It would appear that the only time a table got cleared was when you chose to sit down at a dirty table and ask for the staff to clear it up when they bring the sauces and cutlery.  
Poor to bad. Very disappointed. This place was highly recommended by my Concierge at the Hilton Hotel. I was not told to make a reservation, so I just went around 4Pm. The place is tiny. And it was full inside. Or at least, that’s what I was told. Despite the fact that two tables remiend open. I was told to sit outside. I agreed, with no other choice. Mind you, it’s mid October. Chilly and windy. I waited for a menuZ. Clearly, one server is not enough. My order for a hot sandwich was taken. It did not arrive until well over 30 minutes after I ordered it. The server was sweet, but she lied and said she had some problems with the oven. The male counter server told me later he was sorry for the delay. He got behind. Everyone else seemed to get their orders but me. In addition, two ladies that arrived with out a reservation, were given a table inside. This, after I was assured it was simply not possible to sit inside. When I went to use the lavatory, the floor was filled with dirty tissues on the floor, there wa no soap and the toilet paper roll was wet. A mess. I was not even offered a coffee for waiting that extra timeZ. Awful service. Awful place. Don’t go. Very disorganized.  
I arrived at 1715 and was turned away. On the website it said it closed at 1900. I asked the lady who just repeated it was closed and even when I showed her the website, the answer was ‘not my problem’. Amazingly poor service - I will never go back - such a shame as the place came recommended by a friend. Whoever that lady is should be fired immediately. 
Probably the worst place I've ever eaten in my life. I live down the road from this Harvester and it used to be one of my favourite places to eat. My friend and I used to meet for lunch once a week and now we will never go back. I hadn't been in a few months but went back today with a family group, 4 adults and 2 kids and now I remember why I stopped going.  
Found a free table outside and sat down to have lunch. After having waited 10 min. for any kind of service (!), I went Inside and was told (by staff (that could barely communicate in English) that all tables were reserved. I explained that I had seen no reservation signs (or “wait to be seated” signs). However, staff was adamant that all tables were reserved and that you could not give me one later. The same happened to me on at least one other occasion. So since the cafe does even bother to put reservation signs or operate a wait to be seated policy, I can only recommend to avoid.  
I was so looking forward to visit this place again. I was there in 2015 several times and loved it.  
We searched far and out for an afternoon tea that is not run by chain bakery nor hotel but something more small and homey and affordable. Something that is honest, but feel very disappointed since this was another tourist trap too. Well, the sandwiches basically consisted of just butter with with a spot of whatever that represent it to be....the cakes were okay. even though there were four choices, we got two chocolate cakes out of the four choices. We come from Paris the land of gateau chocolat, so it was rather disappointing and the chocolate cake, well I did not need to eat two. The plates and cups were dirty and the tea was not served properly. Service very poor, tea is not like a cup of espresso, it should be served properly but I found it run by people who don't know how to serve tea....The large afternoon tea set was 29 pounds and we ordered extra 4 scones and the scones turned out to be 26 euros.... 
Monday evening, plenty of table onoccupied and we have been told at least a 20 minute wait. Why ?? Come on Harvester pull your finger out this is pathetic. 
Absolutely disgusting, will never eat or drink here again. We where placed in a corner next to a party of 16, when they arrived some of the party where resting there bottoms on my table inches from my plate while I was still eating. They where resting their drinks on our table as well! When my husband complained to the manager ( some foreign bloke, don't care that he was foreign but just so they know who he is) the bloke actually abused my husband and followed him out saying next time he would call the police. I asked my husband and he said he had sworn at the gentleman but that was only because he was being a extremely rude to my husband about the situation. I am fuming and to be honest he is lucky my husband was driving so he had not had more beer. DO NOT GO HERE The service is atrocious ! 
I wish i had something positive to say, poor decor, dirty car park, disgusting toilets, tired furniture, chefs shouting in there native langauge, luke warm food,best thing about this place is the exit !!!! 
I sent a message through the website to book for a lovely afternoon tea.  
Unfortunately I visited this place with my family while staying away from home, this was as my wife states 'one of the worst meals of my life'. The food was appalling and we hardly ate any of it, the desert was great, but then again it was ice cream so you can't mess that up much, would never return. And to think we drove past the Toby Carvery to get there! 
How can a restaurants toilets be so dirty, had to take my 3 year 
I visited Wildwood with my Wife last night which was a Monday night for a quick meal without the kids. We decided to go for the set menu of a starter, main, desert and a drink for £13 which appeared to be good value. My Wife and I decided to have the same meal and ordered the Bruschetta for the starter, Spinach and Courgette Pasta for the main and Chocolate Brownie for desert. The starter arrived and was ok although the bruschetta was slightly undercooked and slightly doughy. Then the Pasta arrived and all appeared to be fine until I see two beetles or bugs crawling all over my food. Needless to say my Wife called the waitress over immediately and they took my plate away. My Wife then walked over to the chefs area within the reception to tell the same waitress that I no longer wanted the Pasta. As she approached the chefs area the waitress was cleaning a bowl containing what appeared to be nuts or pine nuts. The waitress told my Wife that she had identified where the bugs had come from and that there were bugs in the nuts. My Wife returned to my table and told me this which completely out me off having any food to be honest. The initial waitress that took our order then came over and asked me what else I would like. What amazed me was when she said would recommend the pizza as 'it's the safest option due to going in the oven'. All I could think to myself was the pizza would have toasted bugs / beetles instead. Although my Wife found it kind of funny and said it would be like taking part in an eating completion straight out of I am a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here. At that point I told my Wife that I would not be eating anything else and that we were leaving. We told the waitress that we were leaving and not prepared to pay for the meal. We explained that this was due to bugs being in the food and she stated that she understood and apologised. The experience has completely put me off ever eating there again although I accept it could be an isolated incident.  
We arrived to be told that members of our group asked to move. The 'manager' there said we could move over the other side of the room if we vacated by 7.30 p.m. the time then being 6.30 p.m. The noise volume was intolerable with two children from another party of people running riot. A good job that the waitresses didn't bump into them with hot food or there would have been a court case . . . Then perhaps the belligerent, opiniated management would have had to had to accept that what I was saying to them was right. On complaining a man whose English wasn't very good explained that he had already asked the adults on the table to control the children and could do no more. The noise and kindergarten continued but the volume increased significantly. I then complained to a small plump lady who I think was the manager. She was quite adamant that she could not do anything to remedy the situation and her manner was totally unsympathetic. The experience was awful, Wildwood food is ok, but for 20 quid a head, one can get a lot more. Wildwood in Hornchurch is a never again experience for me and I recommend that hungry people who like nice food, pleasant helpful management and a good atmosphere stay away from here as you won't experience any of this here. 
I have never written a review before but I feel compelled to after my visit here on 29.10.14. This is the worst possible service I have received and even when my sister in law complained we were ignored left sitting in the restaurant for 3 hours with 3 tired children!! 
We had a ten minute wait before the order was taken, the waitress had trouble entering the details on the handheld electronic ordering machine (very hi tech) We ordered two 8oz rump steaks which arrived fairly quickly, unfortunately one was a sirloin and both were undercooked, they were returned and arrived fifteen minutes later one was still undercooked the other was not 8oz and looked half the size of the previous offering, the peas were cold and chips undercooked both steaks (or were they African wildebeest) contained mostly fat and were inedible. The waitress was extremely helpful and apologetic but by this time our evening had been spoiled.  
We have been to many harvesters but this was the worse by far. We decided to go there after a day at legoland with 7 members of our family. We were told it would be a 45 minute wait which was ok. We were finally seated and the waitress came and took our order which seems a painful task for her. She didn't speak very good english and didn't seem to understand us very well and had trouble taking our order. We had ordered drinks and the glasses never came so we had to ask someone else for them. We then waited for our order which took forever and we know that it was sitting waiting under the hot lights for a long while. Food was ok but not the best we have tasted. We were seated near the door to the kitchen which was wide open and we were able to see all that went on in there such as 2 waiters have an argument. Staff licking their fingers whilst making desserts and the really dirty clothes of the person who was dealing with food. After a wait to have our plates cleared our dessert order was taken which was another painful process as the waitress couldn't take it properly and was annoyed with us because of this. Her whole attitude towards us was terrible. She was rude and unhelpful and we could see through the kitchen door her moaning about us. After waiting 30 minutes for our ice cream and it getting to 21.30 by then I had had enough so went to speak to the manager about the while situation. I wish I hadn't bothered. He was not bothered at all and wasn't at all apologetic. When i got back my ice cream had melted everywhere and i didn't feel like eating it anyway. I have never eaten anywhere so bad and we finally left at 10pm after being there for 3 very long hours. It spoilt which had been a good day out. Harvester should be ashamed of this shocking service. 
We arrived to part take in a late Breakfast and waited at the sign "Wait here to be seated" for a full 10 minutes, while the Managers were playing the Hokey Cokey with a Till Roll, which should be done in the Back Office. I actually had to call one of them in order to get their attention. 
Shocking attitude from staff member on the phone when I called to provisionally book for a group from the care home I work in for a Christmas meal. 
Can't believe I had to mark this place 1 rating if it was on a minus scale it would be minus 5. The service here is atrocious MY GOD!!! Wrong food came out, slammed plates on my table and they were so transfixed with the stupid order phones I'm sure they were robots that have had the circuits wrongly wired. The toilets. There wasn't enough room to swing a cat, dryer was broke, toilets were blocked and the place was filthier than a hen weekend in Blackpool. Please please please!!! Harvester group sort this place out!!!! On a good note (the only one) my mega ribs were sublime compliments to the cook. 
Sorry food really bad went in there today never and I mean never again place empty still had to wait for food bloody hell what's the world coming to when you have to wait in a harvester when empty  
Staying at the holiday inn express we ventured out for a bite to eat. This place is cramped followed by rubbish food and the toilets say everything about this establishment. 2 sirloin steaks both returned  
Travelling through slough with my family so stopped here to eat, we all agreed how nice it looked when we got inside, we were greeted by kelly who looked at us like we were dirt off her shoe.. she asked if we had booked but if looks could kill we would have certainly have been dead right there, we had booked, she then asked if we were from the same household which we replied "yes" because we were, 
I absolutely would not review this place at all. The owner is vile and spoke to me in the most disgusting way imaginable. The words, the shouting and the rude hand gestures have left me absolutely shaken to my core. I have never ever had anyone speak to me the way I was spoken to by the owner of the business over a question I asked regarding the food. I was told ‘it’s a fish and chips, what the f*** do you expect we serve here.’ I tried to ask the owner not to speak to me that way, but I was met with even more foul language and when I tried to leave, I was blocked by another member of staff where the owner said ‘ I haven’t finished talking to you and you haven’t finished your order.’ On top of this, the wait is ridiculous! I was told the food would be ready within 15 minutes, an hour later I am still waiting! Ironically, by the time my food had been given to me, it was cold and when I tried to speak to someone, the door was slammed in my face and I was told to ‘f off and never come back.’ I wasn’t able to eat the food, it was also dripping in oil as well as some of it being cold - I was not offered a refund or remake nor was I given an apology for the way I was treated. I wouldn’t even give a one star, but trip advisor states that at least one option is to be selected. 
Chips ok sausage in batter was horrible like the oil haven’t been changed . Would not go back. Shame as it was so lovely a few months ago 
Having visited this tea room several times, I looked forward to this time. But I will not return. The sandwiches were mediocre, warm egg salad (yuck!) and not all options were available. Their tea selections have changed, not for the better. As a solo diner, they brought a family sized teapot and charged me for it. I walked away, feeling sad for what once was a lovely spot. 
I ordered scrambled eggs and toast with butter. The scrambled eggs were disappointing and watery,and they fried the eggs before scrambling them. They probably put water in the egg mix. The toast was dry and tasteless. I specifically ordered 'butter ' but what they gave me was a cheap spread. With good spread you should not be able to tell the difference between it and butter . This was NOT a good spread.The only reason it got one star is because it had decent apple juice.Not tea room standard. 
Please don't let your staff and punters litter the street with fag ends that pollute the environment. Have respect for the key workers who have enough on their plate without clearing the mess. 
Every time I walk past someone is tossing their fag end onto the street. Not fair to expect street cleaners in times of Covid to clear up. Thanks 
Don't bother drinking here. How can a pub which says it has real ale have no bitter on at all on a Friday night. Absolute joke. 
After a fabulous day out in Windsor me and my boyfriend decided not go for chain restaurants, and wanted to support locals- choose Palmer Arms for our evening meal. On our arrival we were welcomed and completed Covid track and trace paper work. Soon after that we asked if we could be seated outside in the garden- which was acceptable by staff. We sat down at the time of ordering drinks the waitress asked my boyfriend for his credit or debit card to be handed over so that it could be held in the bar. To our surprise! My boyfriend responded that would order a food and we can pay straight away but would not hand over his bank card. The Waitresses accepted.  
I hope that Candella management can read this:  
The service is absolutely horrendous! The food is good, but service isn’t worth the visit! Don’t bother! 
Goan green curry was so tasteless and unappetizing it was unreal. I was first put off by a worm looking creature that I found in my popadom packet so much so that I had to close my eyes to eat the rest. Just bland... as anything however the tandoori restaurant was clean and the staff were friendly. But dear lord I feel so sorry for the people that use this place regularly... they need to venture out and try real curry. 
We have been using this restaurant for a take away since last year. It's always been tasty until today. After getting the collection home we realised that the order was wrong. The prawns were over cooked. And in general not enjoyable. Shame. We will not be visiting this again.  
Went here for lunch with 4 friends on a Monday lunchtime and found the decor and charm of the place to be lovely. Quaint and twee and very appealing to tourists who frequent the area given its closeness to Kensington Palace and Notting Hill. 
Unfortunately very poor food experience from this new restaurant. Our chicken noodles were inedible and the tuna sashimi was tasteless. An expensive treat yet poor quality. Won't be ordering again. 
Booked on line go 2 people at 8.30.  
New Management, new refurb, new drinks and new menu but sadly this pub has completely lost its character, charm and standards that have previously been there for for years. 
I wanted to keep this review from social channels as I know the industry is struggling at this time and fully sympathise with them but unfortunately the restaurant have failed to respond to my attempts to report my experience to them privately. 
This is my 3rd visit to Aqua in Petts Wood since we came out of lock down. The restaurant had held on to a £30.00 deposit we had paid on a credit card for Mother's day lunch we couldn't have due to lock down. They had rung us and said they could only return it as cash which probably wasn't correct but we agreed with them to holding it and said we visit once things opened up again as we were regular customers.So when we came out of lock down we did go to Aqua as a family for lunch. Sitting in the garden had a wonderful lunch. Being coeliac I was a bit limited as I am in a lot of places, but I had the crayfish salad followed by poached haddock and mash potato as I couldn't have the batter or chips. Delicious. I then took my friend for lunch the following week to celebrate her birthday. I had the same lunch as it suited me. My husband and I have just been up for lunch today and sat outside as it was such a lovely day. I think due to the weather the outside became packed and we only saw two members of staff working on those tables which may have added to the restaurant's problems. I decided on a different starter this time, the Greek salad but asked the waitress if I could have poached haddock and mash potato and salad as I am a coeliac. She said she would check with the chef. She didn't come back to me unlike previous waiters on my visits so I assumed he could do that. We waited over an hour between starters and main course. The waitress actually checked on us at one stage to see what course we had had. Being a lovely day we were happy to wait. Our main course arrived and was such a disappointment. My grilled, haddock was a very small piece and as dry as a bone. My husband had haddock in batter with chips. His, like mine was small and very dry and both meals had obviously had been sitting there for some time before being brought out. After trying it we complained and the meals were removed. The manager came over and although I tried to explain the difference between today's meal and the last two I had had, he was very dismissive and threw down the lunch menu and said chose something else. We weren't even given the option of the main menu. He said there was nothing wrong with our meal. After looking at the menu we decided there wasn't anything we fancied and asked for the bill. After paying the bill I tried again with the manager who just said he was disappointed we didn't try anything else. When I pointed out I was coeliac and there was only a limited choice , which our waitress had been told on our arrival he just went quiet. I feel that he may well have thought we were after a free meal. Certainly not the case. We actually wanted a nice meal which we expected to pay for. However we hadn't been given that. The manager said he thought it was a difference of opinion. Sadly as a paying customer, and one that had returned for the 3rd time since they opened we didn't think on the same lines. We felt we had been given a very poor meal from a very good restaurant. I certainly don't like giving bad reviews but Aqua in Petts Wood didn't come up to scratch today and more to the point didn't deal with the problem in a professional way. We left the restaurant with the feeling we were in the wrong. Perhaps the question is are you in the wrong if you complain about something that you are paying for? 
Very disappointing BBQ. The food was bland. We had to ask for more sauce. The vegetables which cost extra where just a couple of pieces of sweetcorn and sweet potato, again bland, we had to ask for sauce. We paid £84 just for two. I wrote with feed back and the response appeared automated and just said that they hope our next visit is better. We will not return. 
When we arrived the restaurant was closed. They had our phone number so they could have let us know. Very disappointed. 
Please...... do not bother  
So have been to this pub many times, went this weekend to see a 70s tribute band. Far too busy, the pub packed far too many people in, we had a table about four feet from the stage and it was so packed we couldn’t see a thing. Very disappointing, pretty certain the pub was over capacity and at a dangerous level of people.  
I let you be the judge of my Saturday night experience: 
Very poor service bar staff never smile if you take the band and music away you wouldn't be seen dead in there ... I know the service industry is hard work but it's not that hard to smile !!  
Well I feel awful giving a one star review (for the first time) and maybe a two star would have been an option, but tonight we had a pretty awful meal here. To be honest it was mainly the service, as the food was mediocre, but the whole thing was a bit of a disaster. The waiter apologised as we left - we still got charged for the whole bill and maybe that was our fault for not complaining more. We spent the whole evening trying to get the attention of someone to let them know that our food was not what we'd ordered, that we'd ordered drinks 3 times and after half an hour they still hadn't arrived, and even when we tried to pay at the end no-one would get the bill (was so tempted to just leave as I think they wouldn't have noticed). One waiter kicked my chair pretty hard several times as he passed, maybe I was taking too much room but it was very odd...anyway the many Indian restaurants in Tooting that we go to are much, much better, friendlier, and this was one huge disappointment. 
Everything about my last visit was average. The service was pretty much nonchalant and non-existent and as I have experienced before, the food is far from fresh (much like it has been kept and reheated). The worst thing is that we had to wait ages for our bill and after asking for it twice, we asked to split the bill and not only did he contactless our cards without asking, but he rounded each payment UP, rather than divide it equally! 
service is inconsiderate and staff have no manners - after spending some time negotiating where to sit and being served I was asked to move in the middle of my meal to accomodate a larger group. 
I had the misfortune of being treated poorly by one of your extremely rude Staff members! The Girl with red hair from Cork! I'm Irish I though a fellow Irish girl would be nice but her attitude stinked! She had no manners! Made me very upset because of a mix up with an order. She needs training in how to deal with customers. The rest of the staff were lovely it's just this individual is leaving the whole pub down.  
Met up with a friend for a meal.  
Awful service no real Covid precautions sat less than a metres away from a stranger. Wiped down table with a spray and blue tissue then left dirty tissue on top of the remaining roll.no chair were wiped despite customers touching to pull out! Service was so slow and food not worth the wait mixed grill minus two eggs. Bought deserts to my table that we handled didn’t eat sent back as we hadn’t ordered them to then see them go to another table great Covid safe NOT! when expressing my concern and dissatisfaction told “only opened yesterday” one staff member shown the new one way system while we were dining so clearly no staff Covid safety prep. Disgusting service,food and attitude AVOID 
Absolutely awful customer service. We visited end of last year and had a terrible night, food cold and we waited hours to get served. People were actually leaving without paying. The poor waiter was working alone and couldn’t cope. The sour cream was off, food cold. Was just awful. We informed the waiter but didn’t moan too much because he was getting grief from so many customers and it wasn’t really his fault. My daughter even stuck up for him. After I made a complaint and was issued a £10 voucher, despite the meal costing approx £50. This was issued in November with a three month Validity period. I was going to put it towards a birthday get together end of jan/beginning of Feb, however I wasn’t well and soon after we all went into lockdown. Having to home school and work full time and take care of my mum was a lot on. Beginning of April I emailed Brewers Fayre to extend the voucher (they could quite easily see it hadn’t been used) and given the current situation I thought it would be no problem. I was asked to email back once the pubs open and I would then get the voucher reissued. However today I was told I should have used the voucher and basically I won’t be getting a new one. Despite explaining and asking to speak to a manager the response was still no. In fact a so called manager in customer services called Emma, sent me a very rude email and said it would make no difference if I put anything on social media. How she is a manager I do not know. I literally cannot understand companies at the minute who are punishing people because of Covid-19. Majority of companies are compassionate and working together and wanting to help. Brewers Fayre you are greedy and have the worst customer service. You was lucky we was even going to return after the terrible cold food that was served after over an hour of waiting! I will put up the voucher and details very soon and will also get members of the party that dined with me that night to also put up their reviews. The 
Not a very good menu for six people trying to help restaurants by eating on a Monday 
Went on a Monday to eat out to help out...The service was awful! The steaks were cheap meat and couldn't chew. Not Covid friendly, didn't wipe down table between customers. Only given 11/4 hrs to eat a 3 course meal, so went for steak instead...big mistake! Went in to complain about the service later and basically got laughed at by 2 members of staff, so I thought an email to the manager? 7 days later and still nothing.... 
My friend and I went to Aqua on a Wednesday lunchtime recently. We had not been for a while due to Lockdown and were really excited to be going out and catching up. We have frequented Aqua Petts Wood several times in the past as we are a great believers in supporting our local restaurants and usually had good meals there. What has happened? Firstly we ordered the House White wine which was served luke-warm. I didn't want to make a fuss at this point but asked the waiter if we could have ice in the cooler for the wine and separate ice for the glasses. Ice for the glasses arrived only. My friend chose a starter and main course from the set menu, I went for the crab as my first dish followed by the cod from the a la carte menu. My starter was ok, not great value for money, but the main course was a disgrace. The smallest amount of cod was on the plate swimming in grease on a zucchini slice. To the side of the plate was a wilted salad garnish and a pot of sauce. I called our waiter over and explained I could not eat it and how the quality of the meal was unacceptable. He seemed to be confused so I asked to see the manager. Another gentleman came over and without any apologies or care, took the dish away. I was expecting him to return with the menu so I could chose again, especially as my friend was in the middle of eating her main meal. Nothing happened. I then asked another member of staff if he was the manager and his reply was 'I could be..' 
This place is now style over substance. Nice looking restaurant, modern and clean but the quality of food and the level of customer service is beyond poor. 
Been out with some friends , Aqua Petts Wood was recommended by some friends for steak night but the expectations were not as is supposed to be . Terrible dining experience , poor management(not sure if I can call it management ) .... will never return for sure !!! 
Used to go here regular here despite having a booking when we got there no booking and rude response went somewhere else who made an effort to fit us in won't be back to the cranham 
Haha what a joke. Had deep fried brie, cut into it, one mouthful of cheese and rest of it was an empty breadcrumb shell. Nobody came to ask how food was so couldn't tell them. Nobody asked when they cleared plates, even though entire starter was still on plate. Asked for bill and manager then asked so I told him and he said it was strange, brought the bill and charged me for the starter and £7.25 service charge. After a number of hit and miss experiences here, we've decided not to go back. 
We used this as a place to stay while attending a house Halloween party locally. 
We once again paid a visit the King's Arms, and the woman who appeared to be the Landlady, was once again sitting down, more concerned being on her laptop than, rather than serving us, despite the staff, who appeared to us, to be treading on eggshells around her.. Food was good enough quality, but too expensive for smallish portions. The place was presentable & clean, however we didn't stay & we went elsewhere. This is of course, no reflection on the junior staff who did their best. 
It is incredibly disappointing that a local pub changes. It is even worse when that change means that it destroys the business it once had in the pursuit of profit. Unfortunately a once great local boozer has become probably the worst pub I have ever had the misfortune to frequent. Never again. 
This has got to be the worst Indian I have ever eaten in - never ever go there - if you want an indian meal go to Spice of India - or anywhere 
Every time I’m in the area I visit The Kings Arms, it’s an expensive pub but I didn’t mind paying as the atomosphere and friendly bar staff made the overpriced pub worth it.  
Disappointed with set menu as not the same as on website. When discussed with the manager, he was not at all interested and was frankly quite rude. We deliberately booked a table for the dishes on the set menu.  
Went to lunch today what an mistake after a long wait food arrived stone cold sent both meals back new ones arrived stone cold one side of plate too hot on other side hot side over Cooke what a mess 
We have been regulars at this restaurant in the past and stopped going as they took us for granted. I ordered a take away today given me the wrong meal but to be far there going to give me the correct meal. Delivered to my door. Will I go back no never! 
We pre-booked a family festive meal and paid a per head deposit. At first they couldn't find our booking, but finally found it. Then they said we hadn't paid the deposit but finally found that. Last straw, they lost our festive menu choices that we had to pre-order so could only have basic menu. Food was either overcooked or cold and no meal came out complete, all missing something that turned up in the kitchen after the plate was finished. We had to chase the staff for cutlery, serviettes, salt, basically everything. Our meal and evening was totally ruined from start to finish. 
Really disappointed with our experience. The food was nice but the service is one of the worst we have experienced. Having been here before we decided to share a beer instead of have one each due to the small tables, we were never asked if we wanted another or any other drinks. Again we shared a starter and wasn’t given a plate so we could eat it and had to ask if we could use the ones on the table next to us. Then once we had finished our meal instead of asking if we would like to see a dessert menu or like a coffee the bill was shoved in our face. Extremely rude! We wanted dessert but were never given the option. Also we have a 30% off which wasn’t added to the bill that was shoved in our faces. They did amend this, but for a date night experience, being in a restaurant for just under 1hr wasn’t the night we planned. I won’t be coming back in a hurry. 
Disgusting soup (tomato) we think was made with dishwater when told staff they said we know carvery was cold and not a lot of choice for vegetables 
It looked lovely inside very clean and wasn't busy. Thought I would have lunch with my daughter. Went to the bar and ordered two chicken burgers. I repeated to the lady who served us one burger with everything as it comes the second burger with no salad and no mayonnaise just the burger and the cheese and the chips. Great easily explained having stressed to her I don't like salad or mayonnaise.  
Nice Pub,great food, service with a smile what else do you need:))) quick service , good music and profeesional staff 
To be honest I felt like copying the previous review.  
Booked a meal to celebrate a special occasion for a friend. Googled the website to make a choice of venue. Loved the fact there was a deal with a set menu full of my favourites. 
First the good points. Parking is easy on a Sunday. Food portions (Sunday carvery) are generous. 
There was no one behind the for up to ten minutes at a time, then someone would turn up, serve the backlog and then disappear again!! Disgusting!!!!! 
We picked this place as we have visited here lots before and really like it. Sadly on this occasion the manager Paul was so unprofessional it was shocking. Our food (all 3 were same dish) came out after 1 hour. And didnt look anything like the description in the menu. So we asked for them.to be returned and we were happy just to have a pudding. Paul the manager approached us and was very loud in his manner about his disbelief that we needed to return all 3 dishes. Hes attitude towards us was so un nessacary. He embarrased us in front of a party of 28 people. Whom we had wrongly been sat next to and they were not happy about that. Then a woman from the party of 28 came and snatched a balloon from my 3 year old grandson saying this is for our party and was under the table. Her approach and manner was harsh and abrupt. There was no need for her to act like that and it caused a terrible scene between the party and ourselves.The whole managing of both situations was no where near upto standard and I wont be returning here ever again. I even explained to Paul that I had taken my family there for dinner as they were here on holiday and Id highly recommended it for dinner. All the other staff were so helpful and polite and couldnt have helped us more. So sadly its goodbye....... 
Not been to this please for a couple of years because of my last experience so thought we would try again as Toby carvery was booked up..  
Likely to be my last visit. First & second times were great, third time had to send food back. Last time, most of the beef was fat and gristle. Waiter enquired why I'd left so much so I politely explained and he said oh... and still stuck 12.5% service charge on. Tonight we had rib eye steaks. My partner's was much bigger and cooked properly. Mine was overdone and not only much smaller, but again, full of fat and gristle. The waiter asked why I'd left so much and I politely explained that I don't eat fat and gristle, I would have liked it cooked properly and it would have been nice if we'd had somewhere similar in size pieces of meat. He said they can't tell what the meat is like when they buy it (!). I would have complained during the meal but nobody came to check how the food was.a Now, Monday night is 50% off steaks and the bill came to £66. They'd added the 12.5% service charge (they don't seem to have a problem getting THAT bit right!). However, they added the 12.5% to the price before the half price was taken off, so charged £11 tip. This works out to closer to 18% tip. Utter rip off by people who just don't care about keeping their customers. 
Went here today and the food was really below par  
This restaurant doesn't even deserve one star, the waiters are very rude and impolite, especially one of them from Poland, who came to our table five or six times to try to sell us bottles of wine and cocktails even though we told her we didn't drink alcohol. The food was extremely cold when and tasteless. We were charged 50 pounds each and in my opinion that dinner worths less than 10 pounds. There are plenty of better restaurants in Mayfair, so I strongly advise not to go to this one. 
As a fellow Italian I am shocked by the quality of the food and most of all, the spelling of 'pizzaria' in the brochure. This is a typical example of a fake,Italian sounding restaurant. 
After a three lovely evenings spent at this restaurant we went to celebrate a big birthday last night. On arrival the atmosphere & friendly staff seemed to have dissapeared. Bad customer service all round. We actually left after two members were very rude. A shame that our evening was spoilt. Don't waste your valued custom here, we won't. 
Tonight we went to Aqua for my mother’s 50th birthday celebrations, from the moment we walked into the restaurant there was an awful attitude, we were blinded by the sun and the waiter would not do anything about it, they then proceeded to ask us for drinks and just walk away before we could even order! A lady was smoking by the window next to our table, and due to the fumes of the cigarettes we shut the window, we was then rudely shouted at by our waiter who had no consideration for us at all.  
Rubbish outdated pub the bar staff all druggys. They know the customer are all using drugs. Police raid coming soon.  
Have been meaning to try here for a while and thought I’d pop in without a reservation. Won’t bother again as the old guy was just plain rude. If you’re booked up that’s fine (it was half empty at 8pm) but being polite costs nothing. 
I ordered the Salmon Supreme and there was nothing supreme about it !! I was served the smallest piece of salmon I have ever had in any restaurant. It came with a scraping of Salsa Verde, crushed new potatoes and three tiny cooked plum tomatoes. I then ordered a dessert (Aqua Sundae) which was a portion of chopped up stale chocolate brownie and one tiny crushed amaretto biscuit topped with a scoop of strawberry ice cream, a small portion of cream and a sprig of mint ....... all served in a dreadful cheap plain water type glass. The bottle of tap water I was served tasted awful. The price of £3.50 for a bottle of still mineral water was extortionate. I came away feeling totally underwhelmed ......... and hungry !! I will not be returning 
Fly in vinegar staff didnt speak to us they seemed to have the hump i used to be a really good customer to this place not any more i will never step foot in this place again 
Just got home from a very unpleasant evening, although food was good , the lights were dark, my ears are ringing with all the noise, we had to wait half an hour to pay the bill, as card machine was faulty, service was slow ,as regular customers we will not return, would have been better off going to McDonald’s drive through!!!!  
We booked the Brewers Fayre for my mums birthday for a table of 8 then my mum changed it to 10. My sister went in there first as she arrived first and said to the waitress Faye that we have a table for 6 (not knowing that there was 10 of us). She said there is only a table for 3 when originally it was for 10. So obviously there was a mix up with the tables and I understand that happens. My mum went In there to try and find an alternative and when she spoke to Faye she was extremely rude this caused my mum to become very upset, so we left. We’ve always loved this restaurant but will not be returning until someone with better people skills is on the front of house. 
Booked for a dinner about a month earlier for 14 feb I got charged a menu beforehand that I didn’t want. Price was almost double. When the restaurant made the charge a week before they did not tell how much they charged. Food was average and the duck was not tender and there was a bullet in the meat!! Very noicy restaurant. 
Visited here today at 12.30 p.m. for lunch. Although there were lots and lots of empty tables we had to join a queue waiting to be shown to a vacant table by a waiter. That we all the waiter did apart from informing you that once you had studied the menu you had to go to the counter to give them your table number and order. We decided on a large haddock, chips and peas each so I joined another queue at the counter (there was only one member of staff working here and she was serving drinks and taking meal orders). After about 10 minutes or more I got to the counter and tried to place my order only to be advised "we have no battered fish meals, salmon or.... (not sure what else she said) plus there is a 45 minute delay on meals being served." Rather than go back to my wife and try to select another meal and queue up again we walked out in disgust. This was the first and last time we will attempt to enjoy a meal at this venue. If they had proper waiter service this whole scenario could be avoided. 
This place is clearly run by monkeys. The service is horrendous. The manager is rude. When you tell them that your dish is not up a good standard they just shrug their shoulders. When this first opened they were great, however it really has gone down hill 
Visited twice, both in Petts Wood. First time was a stand out meal - really really good food. Not cheap but worth the money for a treat every now and then. I had such a great time I couldn't wait to go back. My partner and I returned and couldn't have been more disappointed. Couldn't get a table until 9pm (a little late but I was so keen to go there) and when we arrived at 8:50 the restaurant was almost empty, they could have easily accommodated us before 9pm. Starters nice (bruchetta and prawn spaghetti). I ordered the same main as I'd had previously (butternut squash risotto). What I was presented was milky cold basmati rice. Partners food was average, they had another go at making risotto which ended up just creamy cold basmati rice instead. Ultimately ordered a chorizo pasta dish AFTER my partner had finished his main and even that was 2/10 at best. The waiter was polite albeit there wasn't much he could do. Owner initially very defensive and giving dirty looks from across the restaurant. Ultimately he started to understand our disappointment and cleared the bill of everything but the bottle of wine we'd shared. I'd have rather have paid full price and the meal have been right and good quality. Unfortunately we will not be returning. 
Food unappetizing . Chips over and undercooked on same plate. Some of the salad missing ( we had to ask for it ) Service lousy. Complained to manager and got totally fobbed off. I have been to several B.F. and have ALWAYS had good food and service. This branch falls short on both accounts. Save your money!! 
Once again a perfectly decent Premier Inn spoilt by its restaurant. As a solo business user I use these types of hotels and pubs every week. This restaurant is possibly one of the worst. Service is slow. Food is decidedly average. No apologies for an hour wait for one starter. 3 visits so far and it will be my last. I would rather drive 10 miles out of my way to go to another hotel. 
Group of 24 stayed at the premier inn for a funeral. we used this resturant two evenings eating and drinking and we spent lots of money.We have never been anywhere where the staff have been so rude. We waited over two hours for food with the fire alarms going of constant for a hour and had no apologies for this. 
Well what can be said about this place, other than poor customer service, food which I wouldn't feed to pigs, and generally a complete disdain for the customer. 
left an answerphone message 10 days before required date. 
My daughter took me here for a meal. I ordered 1/2 chicken and chips, I cut into it and it didn't look cooked. The manager asked me if everything was ok, I told her I was unhappy with the chicken to which she replied "I can assure you madam the chicken is cooked, it arrives to us precooked and we put it in the microwave for just 2 minutes", I asked her if she would be willing to eat it - she did not reply and just took my plate away and asked if I would like something else. I declined. On top of this the refillable drinks machine had no syrup and was giving out soda water!!. Not a good experience .Before deciding to put this on this site we did complain to them and the reply was unsatisfactory. 
Let me begin by saying that I do not expect all restaurants to provide a vegetarian menu, however when they do, I expect that menu and the food to be prepared to the same standard as the meat menu.  
Being this place is our local it’s disappointing to experience bad service and rank food week in week out, even though complaints have been put forward nothing improves. From the sloppy staff not manning the bar, to the kitchen staff not being able to co ordinate a meal to arrive at the table at an edible temperature and a steak cooked to your liking, plus stray hairs mingled amongst the tepid chips! 
Booked this restaurant for 4 people on Saturday received an email not even a phone call to say table was cancelled !!! No explanation nothing ! Phone restaurant who was worse than useless didn't even try to offer anything else Lucky I checked my emails all be it at 3pm managed to get a booking at Cyprianas (they squeezed us in which any DECENT restaurant would do  
On entry, the staff asked if we'd booked – an hour later, once we'd been reluctantly seated, the restaurant was nowhere near full.  
Living here in Kilburn for years, everyone talks about this place. Went in for dinner, sat down. Menus were given to us, and the restaurant was empty. Sat there for 15 minutes, not attended to. Me and missus left.  
Before today's visit I would have breakfast here with my son on a weekly basis however this morning I decided to take my wife and both children for breakfast. After a 15 minute wait I was finally approached by a member of staff who told me I could not eat without a booking. She went on to explain that the "manager" has decided that without a booking, breakfast will not be available. Had it been busy I would of understood however there were an abundance of available tables and only a handful of tables occupied. In my experience it is busier here on most weekday mornings than it was today and I have never once been required to pre book. I will not be returning again as it is clear they do not care enough about their customers and are clearly happy sending customers away rather than doing their best to accommodate those that have made an effort to visit. Bad form Mr Manager. 
Last time I visited brewers fayre the food quality has gone down hill. And now they are charging for hot chocolate! The food is cold and not nice they serve soggy crossaintss it was awful.  
I’ll say at the start that I have previously complained about this place last year and swore that I’d never go back but a business contact stayed in the  
Pre-booked a family meal on the Saturday night before mothers day. Our table was 30mins late, and upon queuing up for a further15mins to place our order we were told the food would be at least 45mins ! 
What a con ordered the £12.00 two course for 3 people was charged £84.00. And they said the price had changed because it was Christmas ! Food good customer service poor  
The place is a joke. We Booked weeks ago for 19:30. The Place was packed with people standing drinking. They stuck us on a table between the bar and the pass it was too much trouble to take us to the table the waiter pointed at it and left us to make our own way over. I could not hear a word my wife or mother whom were sat either side of me said over the noise. A waiter kicked my chair twice in as many minutes as he squeezed past so we left. I therefore can't comment on the food. If your looking for a nice evening enjoying the company of your guests and attentive service look somewhere else. 
I have been here 4 times now, and each time there is an issue with the service, yet they insist on adding 20% service charge onto the bill anyway.  
Having visited your restaurant on the 19th jan for a birthday meal with friends, we left vowing never to visit again. 
Stayed at the Premier Inn (attached) a few times now 
Terrible food. Lamb was too sweet and the meat wasn't fresh- seems like it came out of a freezer bag or tin. Staff were polite but the food was terrible and graceless. 
Food was so bad! Two of us had a roast off of the buffet counter part which was so horrible tasted like school dinners all bland and hard potatoes. The other two who ordered off a menu enjoyed their meals more but still said it tasted like something you would cook at home in the microwave. The staff all look miserable and like they have better places to be aswell. Other than nice interior there's not really much more to compliment the plan on. 
Visited here Christmas Day, and as soon as I walked through the door I regretted it. Ques of people everywhere waiting over 2 hours to get to the table. When we finally got seated had to ask 4 times for my 2 year old dinner as she was so hungry. We paid for a three course the starter to so long to come that we cancelled them and went straight on to the main. We ate some of the main cause we were so hungry but it’s the worse food I’ve ever tasted. Again didn’t get pudding as by this time my 2 year old was so tired we had to go. I definitely wouldn’t eat from here ever again, not even if you paid me 
Absolutely disgusting English breakfast cold/ greasy continental stale no cheese/ham gave us refund without argument 
Unfortunately lacking in atmosphere, and no surprise considering the poor service and lack of stock. Surprised by good reviews, but I guess we caught them on a bad day. But I couldn't, in good conscience, recommend vijays. 
Been here so many times and after today will never go here again, the soup was left over mushroom and sherry from Christmas there was using up not tomato as stated on the menu and what they always have on Sundays. 
Use this chain and lot as company uses premier Inn. Went for a family meal and booked in advance. We're welcomed by being told that we had to be out in 2 hours as our table had a booking. If the food had been edible we might have had a chance!Even though we complained and pointed out the dried out mess that they called food,we were charged the full amount and told to get in touch with customer service to get a refund. Management and staff uncaring arrogant and rude.Avoid avoid avoid.  
The services and food in the restaurant was shocking on the Saturday morning , I waited 15 minutes to be seated , I was put at a table with no cutlery or condiments , the couple opposite me ended up walking out as they had not received eggs that they were advised would be brought to the tablet , when I went to get toast I was told that there was no bread , this was at 10:15 when I asked for the manager she heard no toast and turned and walk away , She did not listen to the rest of the complaint regarding the seating wait, the table etc , the Sunday was just as bad , I had made eye contact with one of the staff while I was waiting yet they continued talking to to another member of staff for a further 10 minutes before coming to me and taking a payment . there was lots of foods that had run out and they were very slow in replacing these , I had the unfortunate case of having to witness one of the staff getting into a full blown argument with another customer over fried eggs , the customer wanted fresh fried egg which the staff were refusing ,Sara the staff member was extremely rude , abrupt, and totally out of order in the way she spoke to the other customer , when I took some of the eggs that he had refused , I then realised why he was requesting fresh eggs as they appeared to be more rubbery than a rubber band on closer inspection and the certainly did not taste very good either , I did not say anything to the staff as I was scared that I would receive the rath of Sara , there was not juices left , not tea spoons for coffee , dishes were not cleared , it was a really poor experience which resulted in my checking out early on the Monday morning with out having breakfast .  
Went for breakfast because I was staying at the Premier Inn next door and payed for breakfast as part of my hotel room. 
Its Saturday night so very busy, clearly understaffed for a big restaurant. 
I must to say services is very slow, take 30mins to get a drink and another 40mins to get food. The food is ok.  
We went to Aqua (Petts Wood) last weekend to meet up with 4 other friends we haven’t seen for a while. Our table of 6 was placed alongside a table of 30 women on a hen night. To be fair we were given the opportunity to move but when we sat down their table was pretty quiet as they were eating and we were told that they would be leaving at 8.30. (I guessed for a second sitting) so we were happy to remain where we had been placed. As the evening went on the table of 30 got louder and louder and the louder they got the higher the music was turned up. They in turn got louder still. It got to the point that I couldn’t even hear my husband opposite me. The waiter we had was really apologetic & we made clear how unhappy we were and made the suggestion that in future they should give the whole area to any large groups and not tag alongside an extra table. The waiter passed our comments on to the manager & advised us that he would come over to talk to us. Well talk to us is an understatement. I have never encountered such an arrogant rude ‘manager’. Clearly he couldn’t accept constructive criticism and his whole attitude was unprofessional. All he keep saying was it wasn’t his fault (shoulder shrugs included as if to say ‘couldn’t care less’) By this time it was 9.45 and clearly the hen night weren’t in any hurry to move – I actually think we had been lied to about them leaving at 8.30 because there was no sign of people waiting to be seated for a second sitting. The manager didn’t have any customer service/people skills and I am surprised that Aqua has employed someone so unprofessional. Our conversation with him finished with him snatching the bill off of the table and slamming it down on his return with the gratuity removed. There was no effort on his part to defuse the situation & no offer of any form of compensation (ie a drink on the house might have gone along way) We left the restaurant without completing our meal (ie no deserts or coffee) because by now we were all shouting at each other to make ourselves heard. For the managers attitude alone we will not be returning to Aqua which is a shame because the décor was lovely, the waiter was very efficient, the food was good – back I think to Cow & Pig Bromley a much better all-round experience! (Check out their reviews!) 
We ordered some food one Friday afternoon. Brought it back to work and ate it, no problem. Come evening and the next day, everyone who ate it, like 15 - 20 people, feel ill. They all had the runs, and were sick in bed for 2 days. Definitely not happy with the food at the this place. 
Clean and friendly place and really convenient as I live just next door. But it let's itself down with cheap ingredients cooked badly. Sawdust sausages, bacon like cardboard, stale chips, greasy hash browns and eggs. I have never been able to finish a meal there and I have always left hungry and dissatisfied. Seriously needs to be taken over by someone who knows what they are doing 
All I can they is they are good at cheating their customers. Ordered food from BH twice and they sent wrong orders. Spoke to the owner and the he said he will refund the cash..all I got was nothing from them.. he was least bit apologetic about sending the wrong food.. but kept telling me he's busy as he needs to attend to some other customers. This is after mentioning that I don't eat eggs and eggplant.. I received egg friend rice and mix vegetable full of eggplant. He asked me to call Uber and he'll make sure they refund. Ultimately I had to order food from another place and play for delivery twice. They dont care about what their customers feel.. they only care about the cash coming in..well it won't last long if this keeps going on. 
So its been in more hands than a pound coin in the last couple of years and these chancers don’t seem up to anything either. Seem to get served by anyone who feels like it, the rest of the time they sit around drinking into increasing merriment. They are certainly enjoying it. Pizzas are actually not bad at all but half the beers were off and the place was empty. I smell a rat when a pub is run this bad and I’m guessing the owners will close it citing a lack of interest and then sell it for conversion to yet more flats.  
Today it took 30 minutes to get served and when we did we ordered two paninis and we had to wait 3/4 hour for them while 4 other customers received their pizzas before us yet they arrived after us. We asked the waiter what had happened to them and we were informed that "They were coming." 15 minutes later they arrived. We were about to walk out. When we complained to the waitress about other diners who arrived after us receiving their meals before us we were told "It depends how long you took to order" and "It's easier to make a pizza than a panini. There's a lot more on a panini and we have to toast it first." Seriously? A panini is just a toasted sandwich and a pizza is cooked in the oven. When we finally received the paninis the panini bread was warmish but the contents were stone cold. You're supposed to toast them together. We were fully aware that you were busy as it was the Barnes Fair but if you cannot cope you should either employ more staff or remain closed for the day. Either you want customers and want then to come back or you don't. You obviously don't. Worst customer service ever. Your staff are unfriendly. Would not recommend. Will never go back again. 
Food here was is not what you would expect to get, the dishes looked all the same and the taste was poor too. 
I've been to the pocket watch numerous times now, it's never blown me away but it's never been awful. There's always a nice atmosphere and the lady behind the bar is always polite and friendly. However last night I was sat chatting to my brother when he noticed a mouse under one of the tables, at first we thought he was just drunk and seeing things but then we realised in fact there were TWO mice running round the restaurant floor. After scaring them off a little the mice then ran in the direct of the kitchen and disappeared. My brother discreetly went and told a male member of staff who's response was "oh yeah, we'll get pest control" the staff member then wondered off un-phased by the situation as if he already knew there were mice. NO disbelief or apology. I understand in London you're never less then 2ft away from a mouse/rat or something but it's NOT something I expect from somewhere serving food. 
great potential for a great pub, however poor choice of beers and staff ok, but manager has no social skills and lets the pub down 
A nice atmosphere. Staff pleasant. The food was slow coming. I ordered a chicken meal what came was a precooked chicken breast cheese poured over the top & microwaved it was terrible. Will never go back. 
We went to the cricketers for dinner last night. I had the beef stew which was awful - the dumplings were totally inedible (see photo - they were so horrible I took a photograph) and the meat was stringy and tasteless. My husband had ham and egg. The egg covered the ham which was fortunate as the meat was green. The service was terrible - my husband requested more ketchup from the female waitress who was very unhelpful. Our plates were left on the table until we left - I assume they didn't want feedback on the meal so kept out of the way. We were not asked once if the meal was ok. My advice would be to go somewhere else - we certainly will in future. 
We visited as a family. My husband had a squid dish. The squid was not fresh. My son and I had a penne dish which again the pasta was not fresh. My daughters pizza was fine. We used to go here quite a bit in the past because of the fresh pasta but now I see no reason to return.  
Restaurant Review for the Bamboo House Harrow. 
Food was of very poor quailty. Would never go here again as owners handling of the situation was as bad as the food. 
Dined here on a few occasions and went back as the food and service had been excellent, however on this occasion despite them being very quiet (only 2 other tables occupied), the service was extremely slow. The starter portions are much smaller and the masala mogo had no taste it was hard and bland, when we complained to the waitress she just smiled and took no notice of this! Our mains once again were extremely bland with no real taste. It's such a shame as it's a great restaurant and one of our locals. Could this have been a one off? Certainly hope so, we will give it another go in the next month and see if there are any improvements! 
Bad food, staff and attitude. Shall not be returning. We had organised and everyone was very ill informed and insensitive to the occasion. 
Visited with friend tosay. Extremely disappointed and shocked with how they serve us. They took almost 1 hour to Serve us starter and forever to serve main. When asked they responding so rudely and not even showing any apology. Very poor business service. Others who came after us were served before us even when the orders were all same kind of starters. Very very disappointed, humiliated and shocked.  
Food was cold, over priced under cooked. Lemonade tastes like soda water, beer is flat. Wouldn't recommend it, rather stay at home and cook. 
We sat down and after being completely ignored for 20 minutes we went and asked could we order a drink ? The waiter duly came and took our order for food and drink and 20 minutes later we were still waiting for our drink - the food didn't appear either !  
I popped for just a takeaway coffee and hot chocolate and was made to wait almost 15 minutes which was a joke as the restaurant wasn't even that busy! I contemplated not making the purchase but was with my family and we wanted a drink and there didn't seem like other places were open in the area. To the owners of the restaurant - this is not an upscale Italian - it's a local Italian and probably the food isn't even that great. So treat customers with some respect and maybe they'd return. I would avoid at all costs especially the funny looking guy serving on the tills! Customer Service is not his forte! 
I would like to point out that this restaurant is not run by Italians and has no Italian staff work here.  
Visited here last weekend with a friend, also arranging to meet another 4 friends for some drinks, chat and food. Bar staff completely ignored us, serving the regulars first.Waited patiently along with a separate customer - still no service. Bar staff are either completely oblivious, badly trained or simply too rude to care.It is not unreasonable to say they didn't see us standing at the bar,which was not packed. 
First review ever for any restaurant. I am an Indian and this food cannot be anywhere close to be called Indian. First food was ordered and took 2 hours to arrive and we let it go given lockdown and all pressure. But quality of food is just horrible. Food is cooked in this sweet sauce irrespective of any curry you chose. Just can’t believe how bad every thing was. Please tread with caution. 
Food was ok until I moved the last of my beans to find loads of small hairs together. Raised with staff who didn't understand what I was saying then in the end told the cook. He said they were eyebrow hairs and wasn't sure how they had got underneath the beans, but still charged me full price. Wouldn't go back. 
Visited today with my daughter and grandson. 
Always love coming to brewers fayre but this time round service was horrendous! No exaggeration, we waited 85 minutes for our main courses, barring in mind we had a started which is understandable to wait a little longer but the waitress didn't take notice that our plates were finished for 25 minutes walking straight past numerous times, not exactly busy so very disappointed and probably will result in stopping mine and my families visits.  
Very poor service. Bar staff asked if Rioja was a red or white wine! Gave us sparkling water instead of still. Couldn't understand the menu and had to show them what we were ordering. The bottle of Rioja had been opened previously and had been partially drunk, had to be returned for a new bottle (terrible). Food wasn't bad but after main course had to wait nearly 25 minutes for the table to be cleared (only after asking the manager). The Toffee Sticky Pudding took over 15 minutes to arrive after they tried to give us a crumble by mistake!. All together an experience to be avoided. In fairness this was not the norm for the restaurant. 
As a local, there is no way I would recommend the Cricketers; there was a time but certainly not any more. I say, avoid! 
We booked a table for 7 to celebrate my special needs son's 30th Birthday. We chose this as it is local to our home and wanted to have a relaxing enjoyable meal. 
19 of us went here after 1 round all tap beer and kids top up drinks run out when I ask for some form of concession told I could leave if I wanted but being a birthday was a bit hard some of us got cabs to have a drink and some travelled as well then waited 30 mins for meal looking at a glass of water 
i am writing the review of my own experience as the other people in our party said their food was ok. 
Horrible food, the bacon wasn’t bacon it was Fried ham, all of it was just wrong totally wrong! Please people do not go here it really is the pits! Save your money.... also  
The food is OK, and the staff is friendly. 
I usually love it here for breakfast no problem. 
After ordering my takeaway I asked if I could have a beer and a couple of poppadoms while I waited. Was told by Manager that I could "only on this occasion" if I didn't make a mess!....I was so hungry I didn't make a fuss. The food I ate at home wasn't good and I had a bad tummy the following day. Just seen that the restaurant recently got a 1 star food hygiene rating after inspection. Never going back. 
went to brewers fayre in bexleyheath and had the festive menu at £11.49 for 2 courses. 
I regularly stay at the premier inn and have to use here for my dinner, however my last experience was enough, I wanted a quick bite to eat so I chose the chefs counter on burger and hotdog night! Awful! The burgers were cremated and in edible, the chips Luke warm and soggy, I waited and waited for something hotter and freshly cooked but after 20mins it was still the same things on the table! Last time I will be eating here I'm afraid! :-( 
Ordered a salad and it arrived covered in vinegar and oil. I am allergic to vinegar. He didin't know if there was peanut oil involved in the dressing. Avoid if you have allergies. 
I phoned up and booked a table, arrived early so we had a drink at the bar. We got seated 30 minutes after the time I'd booked the table for. When we did sit down, no one came over to great us or to take our order so I had to go and find the waitress. She said she would go and get our waitress... We were still waiting for our waitress to come. Finally I ordered a roast which I went up to get, came back and I finished my roast, my boyfriend was still waiting for his main to arrive! 30 minutes of waiting for his main, he asked the waitress, she went to check and came straight back with his main! Like it was already made but no one wanted to serve us the food! 
Been using this pub under its different guises for over thirty years and never had a problem until the other day. Being a Yorkshireman I expect a full pint if I'm charged for a pint. My pint was served under the line so I asked the barmaid to top it up but the manager stepped in to inform me it was a pint with a head to the line and another head above the line. The man is an imbecile or he has taken me for an imbecile if he thinks I'm going to believe and accept I have a pint with two heads. In reality I have a short measure and a lot of froth. I won't be using the pub again while this man is manager' 
This was the second time I visited this establishment with my mum. The first time we were turned away, although more than half of the tables were unoccupied, apparently we could not sit at one if we hadn't pre-booked?! 
Carvery was ok, nothing special. Hot and Spicy burger was completely gross, in all honesty looked like someone had thrown up in between the buns.  
Wife and I ordered a selection of vegetarian dishes, all very tasty and authentic. Service attentive despite busy Friday night. So all good till today - both suffering grumbling stomachs, dihorea and generally feeling unwell. Avoid unless you’ve got a strong constitution or management pay more attention to kitchen hygiene. 
I ordered a delivery at 6.15 on friday and was told it would be within the hour. at 7.15 I called to be told it's on it's way. same at 7.30 and 7.45. at 8 I called again to say that if it wasnt made etc then I'll make my hungry family something. was told it was on it's way again, that you had a new driver as other one was scared. I said I was worried that the food would be cold, considering I am 4 minures drive from you, was told the manager would call me back. food turned up 8.20 - 2 hours after order put in. it was cold, so had to microwave it. I still paid the driver the full amount and a tip. I called the restaurant to let them know it had finally been delivered and was told the manager would call me back- he didn't.. I understand that you are busy but if it's too much for you, you should tell your customers . I wouldn't have minded and could have made the family something else to eat. just really disappointed. 
Placed take away order at 7:00pm for 8:00pm arrival, was a large order for 7 people and was £100. At 8:15 we phoned as order still hadn't arrived and was told it was on its way and shouldn't be long. 4 more phone calls later and the order arrived at 9:30! 
I love this restaurant but it’s literally the worst takeaway I’ve ever had. Late, cold and something missing. Totally ruined our evening. They didn’t even believe me when I said it was cold, I would I make that up! My son was so hungry because it was so late he just ate his but they wanted mine back for some reason! Never order a takeaway from here, it’s expensive and nothing like the restaurant food. 
Staying in the hotel joined onto the restaurant and it is Absolutely terrible.  
As a birthday treat took my daughter and grandkids into town for a spot of shopping. Had been to a few other Brewers Fayre and they had been ok. Waited over half and hour which i suppose was acceptable. The problem was when the food came out it was tepid at best you could tell it had sat under heating lamp for quite a while as it was hard . The only things cooked and hot were the onion rings. The cheese in my daughters burger had melted into the meat it had been sitting about so long. We hardly eat anything and got up and left.  
The whole experience was awful, the starters where poor we had the samosas they where soggy and the filling was not great either very mushy. The mains where dreadful, the first lot got taken away and we was told they would re make all fresh however they gave us the same dishes back which then where cold. Definitely will not be returning, such a shame it used to be a lovely spot for a curry it has gone down hill. 
Such a shame , ordered a garlic nan and mint yoghurt for quick snack , had to wait 40 minutes for it as the chef was late ? Then was charged £4:70  
We should have realised by the abundance of white faces, that this was going to be an English Indian. It was. It was horrible. Everything is swimming in thick sauces, Patak style, thick naan, disinterested waiters, and the cleanliness is not too hot either. And this is after a refurbishment. It was poor before and nothing’s changed.  
On 20th May I booked a table for dinner, for my sons birthday, I also had my 3yr old granddaughter with us, it was for a table of seven, at 8pm, we ordered by 8.20, when it got to 9pm we enquired about our starters to be told it had not been put through because they were dealing with a table of fifteen, we were told the would deal with it, approx 5mins later cold food was brought out, at this point we decided to end our meal and ask for a refund, the meal cost £133 with 4 drinks, when I received my refund it was for £81 as he asked if I wanted the drinks taken off and I said no, however on reflection, 2 beers/1 vodka/1 fruit shoot does not cost £52, I complained on the day of my experience and also e.mailed last Thursday (26th) to say I had not had a response, even thou you say you will respond in 4 working days, as I sure you can understand this ruined our evening and we all went home angry and hungry, this is not acceptable on any level and I also feel cheated from my drinks bill, I require an e.mail with some kind of explanation as to how this can happen and so no one else has to go through this kind of experience!!!!!! 
Came here for a meal a year ago, when the restaurant was newish, and we had a nice meal with good service. Consequently we chose it for a family birthday meal this year. Standards have dropped considerably. Staff seemed tired and disinterested. Service was very poor and the table, menu, nearly everything smelt of stale beer. The cake we had asked to be brought out was totally forgotten by the staff and we had to take it away with us. Needless to say, we won't be going back. 
Tried this cafe as i wanted a baguette for lunch and it was only down the road from where I work. I placed my order. The girl behind the counter tapped the buttons on the till, handled my money, tucked her hair behind her ears and then picked up a baguette and started to cut it, without washing her hands!! I was horrified! 
Nothing is fresh espacially patsry ,Everything is frozen croissant, at first when you come fred makes you happy until now no problem and then when pepole come he looks at you as devil almost tell you leave now 
Came here for lunch time service once and really regretted it.. now I love a curry! But this fell well short of a nice experience in terms of service and food..  
What's happened to the good service and excellent food used to be outstanding. Has now also become expensive  
We have been going to the Rajdoot for many years. However since the refurbishment after the fire, it's not the same. Poor service, half if the waiters haven't got a clue and the food was very disappointing. The chicken was overcooked and the sauce bland. On top of this the prices have increased. We will probably give it a miss for a few months. 
I found the menu very limited and unusually for me I could not find a starter that appealed. Also the wine list was also limited. The only Sauvignon Blanc was from NZ. Main course was ok. The real let down was they serve Irish coffee but not with Irish whisky. Then it’s not an Irish coffee. The alternative was an American whisky at £15. The waiter was excellent and very apologetic. I do hope he got the full 12.5% service charge. 
have been a customer of rajdoot for over 20 years. In the last two years the quality of food and service has greatly dipped but being loyal I've hung in there but not no more. Last meal there was inedible. Everything was cookked to death, the bhajis, the tandoori even the massala chiken. It really felt like it was overcooked the day before then reheated. The bill was huge and I really regret paying it without complaining but it was someone's birthday and I didn't want to upset the day. very disappointed. 
Just received a £58 take away, freezing cold, greasy and bland, will never order from these again! Truly awful! 
Just had lunch at Rajdoot Ruislip 
I’ll start with the food; very tasty. Now the bad bit. Tried to charge me £7.80 for two glasses of soda water. That’s seven eighty for two glasses of carbonated water.  
Went for sunday lunch carvery to be told we could only have Beef & there wasnt much else of a variety to offer. 
Went on opening night would never go again. Its the worst meal I have ever had! The mob of people standing outside smoking looks bad 
We used to use Rajdoot every week for years for deliveries and had no complaints, until they sent us a mouldy veg dish. Tonight we decided to use them again, after over a year for a delivery. They recognised me when I called to order. Sorry to say it was vile and a complete waste of £35. My husband's lamb tikka jalfrezi was just swimming in oil. We asked for it vindaloo hot and it was tasteless. My chicken tikka biryani was totally mushy, bland and poor quality chicken... Looked like dark thigh meat. The veg curry with it was a soup-like, bland slop. We binned most of it despite being very hungry. Shocking - never again! I'm furious. 
used to be excellent food here now its shocking. Takeaway ordered was bland and tasteless and the attitude of the staff when called was disgraceful, they just didn't care. Never again will I waste money at this restaurant!!! 
Overpriced and bland food, the Gnocchi came swimming in oil and the beef bourguignon was flavourless, no sauce at all and there was only a tiny rib with mash for £20!! The manager was rude and condescending when we discussed the food which ruined our anniversary dinner. For Esher this is very low quality. Expect another restaurant here soon 
I know the saying is "you get what you pay for" but ..... Dry burger, over cooked scampi, under cooked onion rings. NEVER AGAIN! 
I have been using this restaurant for over 25 years. Yesterday evening i went to this restaurant with friends and they service was very bad. We came into the restaurant at approx 7.45 yo 7.50 and we did not get our food until almost 9 oclock. Once the food came two of the dishes were served on cold plates. I do however have to say that the plates on which we ate our food were hot. Never the less the two dishes off of the specialiity menu were served on cold plates and therefore during the meal and food put in them cooled down very quickly. The onion bajis were like cold inside and chewy.  
Food was very average but they want top price for it, atmosphere was dull and overall it was a very underwhelming experience considering they want top price. I would of been far happier going to the Ivy in Cobham or even just The Wheatsheaf and getting a far better meal. They are charging high prices for very mediocre food. 
Booked for 7.30pm sat down then the challenge came of ordering and paying for what we wanted. Lined up and 20mins later finally ordered our food. Went back to my seat and waited a further 20mins to be served with a rather chewy steak. Best bit about the meal was the chips. Chicken my partner had was not much better either. Complained to Simon the boss and he tried to make it right. By then sadly we just wanted to leave so he gave us a bottle of wine to take away. Very strange !! . Sorry Simon you need to keep tabs on your queuing system. 
This was the naan they gave us! It went straight in the bin. Chicken Tikka had 5 pieces of chicken on it. This was after we had to pick up as they were too busy, we were told to arrive in 45 minutes and then were kept waiting for 20 minutes. If I could give it a zero rating, I would do. 
We have stayed at a number of Premier Inns and used the onsite restaurants but have found this to be the worst of all of the ones we have visited. Service really slow, no communication between the bar and the kitchen and having to order at the bar all very disappointing. 
When asked for a table with more room waiter wasn't interested although restaurant has loads of empty tables, he seemed very dis-interested when taking our drinks order, luckily we managed to get someone else to take our food order (who was fine) unfortunately the first waiter delivered the food, firstly his thumb was actually pressed into the rice and the rice was of a poor quality being grey in appearance & stuck in clumps which didn't break down with a fork, the curry dish on the other hand was nice. Oh & the waiter forgot the breads too. There are too many good restaurants to choose from to ever go back here! 
Never again sat waiting for service only to be told after 10 mins you have to go to the bar and do it yourself five of us just sat there my mum never got what she ordered and my my son was being sick all night from the cheese burger he had its very very very poor . 
This Brewers Fayre is very new in Bexleyheath Kent. The decore is very old lookingThe restaurant is below pavement height making it like eating in a basement. In the back of the restaurant it's very dark. The food was not up to scratch, you'd have thought the place would be a bit more brighter, more welcoming. 
i went in this place to get a coffee take away after waiting 20min and to my surprise paid £3.30 for late ??? which tasted like ordinary coffee, so not recommended, avoid at all cost. 
First time the hand towels have been hotter than the food, which took 2 hours for a single course and part of the order was missed. Don't bother plenty of good places to eat.  
I reviewed this restaurant over 2 years ago and I raved at how it was the best in the area. However after this last visit I can only say that something has changed and it's definitely not for the better. We had to wait nearly 2 hours for our food to be brought out and when it did arrive the food was luke warm to cold and my meal didn't even arrive for another 10 mins. The drinks order consisted of a few beers but mainly Coke and Diet Coke, when it arrived the waiter just kept saying Coke and putting in the same place on the table, when asked which was Diet he just looked at it and said "Erm this one", it most definitely wasn't!! Really poor service and really poor food, which is a shame as it used to be a great place 
Used to have excellent service.  
Lots of staff but no one serving at the till, waited 10 minutes to be served. Once served was given twenty 50p coins in change instead of notes. Will certainly never come back. Such terrible management.  
Only cater for European.curries too sweet (sugar).poor service.staff not friendly at all. 
We ordered a takeaway tonight which was to be delivered. Once realising we didn't have enough cash (and having had a couple of drinks couldn't get any) we rang Rajdoot back to pay over the phone. We received an extremely unpleasant and unhelpful service which involved the man telling us that we should have asked to pay over the phone when we ordered 'like every other customer'. I explained our situation and rather then coming to a solution he cancelled our order and hung up the phone. I am so disappointed to have been treated in this way and will not be going back.  
Nice enough guys in Rajdoot, do a good job of keeping customers happy, and the decor is smart. 
Was staying in the hotel attached to this restaurant on business and decided to get an evening meal here. 
Waited for 40 minutes for our main to arrive, food was awful, cant catch the eye of a waitress as there was noone about! 
Used Rajdoot for years. Takeaway tonight took 20 mins longer than told on the phone. Asked to speak to the manager and was fobbed off by the barman who didn't get him and just randomly pointed to a group of people and said "he is over there somewhere". Food was poor. Over £40 for tough and dried lamb and the sauce had a sour aftertaste. The service and food is not what it used to be. Won't go back any time soon. Glad I didn't book a table as there were kids throwing paper planes around the place. Avoid!!! 
The man takes cash then makes the sandwich without washing his hands. Made me feel sick. Cash is one of the dirtiest things you can touch and then to touch bread etc without washing hands is disgusting. Put me off from going there ever. 
Stopped for a quick lunch, service was efficient, however staff are probably encouraged to turn customers over quickly. 
I visited this place while i was shopping in the area, I am a chef by trade so naturally i know my stuff. 
Gone massively down hill...used to be the best curry in Ruislip but now rubbish wouldn't go again... 
The guy behind the bar just went mad and kicked us out because we had an umbrella opened to dry out 
So we work close to this pub and were excited to visit after it opened earlier this week. Once we got to the pub the new layout was clearly in favor of evening drinkers rather than afternoon lunchers. There were less tables than before and more open areas. 
I have always given good reviews for this restaurant, and backed them up when they have had some bad things said about them by other reviewers. I am afraid that after our visit last night, enough is enough!  
Have been going to this place on and off for over thirty years and in my opinion since the refit and restyle which is very good the service has declined quite poorly . 
Waited over 1 hour 20 for poor food. 
We went for a drink with friends and kids in the afternoon. There is free parking for customers, but the landlord fused to let us park there while we went for a walk even though we offered to drink first, so we paid very expensive parking. 
Came as a table of 10 for a family members birthday and had the worst experience, not only did they overcharge us because the menus they provided us with had 'changed their prices' internally and not been reprinted, but the porn star martini came as a red, runny and bitter cocktail with no flavour apart from strong vodka overpowering the drink, the popadoms were disgusting bubbly weird tasting crackers, and the chicken byriani tasted like tomato salsa with loads of hot chilli powder added- it had absolutely no flavour and was overly spicy. Would give 0 stars if I could , as a regular Indian eater I have never ever left a review on this site but this was so bad that I actually went out of my way to write this. Do not go here 
We booked table for 3 thru restaurant website and have an email confirmation. Still waiter at reception said we don't have a booking at all.He did not even check the system or any list of reservations and plainly mentioned we do not have a booking.He was very bad in attitude and extremely rude to all of us. With issues in restaurants website or perhaps an intended response from waiter in not giving us a table, would highly recommend management to look into their staff training and teach them basic courtesy and manners.All I can say is I'm glad that I didn't spend any of my hard earned money in ordering any food from here. 
I have been going and bringing my family members here since 10 years and must say I was stunned to witness price increase by nearly 100% on the items. For example a dish we paid £7.90 for was now £11.90 + 10% service charge and gratuity is a separate line on the bill too.Hence a dish that I paid for £7.90 now costs £13.09 and gratuity is optional on top of this price. This is an increase of 65.7% 
This was our third time to Chakra. Our first meal was very good, service was a little awkward but we thought that was because we were seated outside. The second time we went to Chakra the food was good but the service was full of errors (slow, mixed up orders) culminating in the waitress spilling an entire hot curry all over my husband. The waitress apologised (while dropping another dish) but we did not receive any formal apology from any manager or any offer to dry clean the suit or discount to the meal. We decided to Chakra another go this evening as it is local. The staff were clueless, didn’t know the menu or drinks available. It seems both were new. We ordered food for our child on arrival and some popadoms. We had to chase popadoms twice. My child’s food never arrived and when our mains came and I asked where it was (again) another waiter appeared who said it had never been put through to the kitchen and it was not possible to serve chicken without sauce (as we had ordered). The wine was warm. 20 minutes after I ordered my main course I was told my order was not available. Half our order never came but by that stage we gave up trying to correct things and were so irritated we asked for the bill. It arrived after 3 more requests, complete with full service charge. £100 for 2 mediocre curries and two sides, a warm glass of wine and a hungry child. We will never return.  
Recently visited Tukdin, have been a loyal customer for a long time. They were closed for a few weeks for a refurbishment. When I arrived I was surprised to see that no changes had been made except for a new menu or shall I say just increased prices. A meal that was £25-£30 is now £50. I have eaten at many restaurants, £3 for a can of Coke, you’re having a laugh!! If you were a 5* Restaurant, then people would pay it. Don’t waste your money here!! 
After being loyal to Tuk Din for 10 years, I decided not to come again because of bad service from their new crew members.  
I am not sure where to start on the lack of safety surrounding food allergens in this establishment. Upon arriving, I was given an allergen matrix of all their dishes. So far, so good. After carefully selecting dishes marked as not containing gluten, the food which was brought to me had fried onions on top, which often contain wheat flour. When I asked the waitress about this, she went to check and returned saying that it did have gluten. I returned it to the kitchen, explaining why, but the staff there did not take this seriously and merely scraped off the fried onions (dish: ikan bakar air asam). The fish came with what was meant to be a tamarind sauce, but it clearly contained soy sauce. Soy sauce has wheat in it unless clearly marked as gluten free or tamari. The vegetable dish (kangkung goreng belacan) came covered in fried onions and what looked like soy sauce. I complained and sent it back. The dish came back, but still had some of the onions in it despite allegedly being cooked again. When I raised the issue with the waitress, her response was not satisfactory. The person in charge came to our table and offered her apologies, recognising that they used normal soy sauce as well as gluten-containing onions in those dishes despite being marked as not containing any gluten ingredient. this is unacceptable. I stressed that this could seriously make someone very sick or could even be fatal. The reasoning I was given was that some gluten avoidant people can have soy sauce. This is not the point. How can you have an allergen menu but not comply or follow it? This is unacceptable in 2019, regulations are in place for a reason: the safety of customers. The restaurant cannot continue this way, breaching the law and risking people's lives. You should not offer an allergen menu if you are putting gluten-containing ingredients in dishes marked as gf. Staff need to be trained, in the kitchen as well as the waiting staff. The allergen matrix has to be reviewed. Strongly advise against not dining her if you have any kind of intolerance and would as far as say that you would be gambling with your life if allergic. 
Ordered a takeaway and it took over 2hours. Then I had lamb biryiani instead of the ordered chicken . I had to reheat some of the food . It cost far more than other places we have ordered from and all of the order was disappointing. 
Visited the restaurant on its first week of opening. Extremely disappointed, the food is not at all authentic as far as taste goes. The service was very shabby and the prices were way too much for what you get. Never again. 
Avoid! I've had much better meals in wheterspoons. The food quality is shocking, especially for the price. We took a salad and a burger. £10 salad, which was supposed to be a meal is one sliced tomato (the cheapest and tasteless) with one mozarella ball (40p in tesco) sliced on top of it, no spices and 3 (literally) betroot leaves. For the burger, nobody asked me how I want it cooked, it arrived cremated and tasted like shoe sole. Spoons do them better in a microwave. And for this price you normally get wonderful grilled burgers, virtually everywhere. We complained and were offered a pint. Doesn't make up for the waste of an evening though. Overall, I swear: the worst experience in London so far. 
I made a booking for 23rd June on open table for 4 people for a birthday meal. We travelled 50 miles to get there after reading positive things on social media about this restaurant.  
Two staff behind the bar on a sunny Saturday. Long wait to be served draught coke that had no syrup. Asked barman to replace, who then proceeded to pour himself a glass and disagree. Finally offered a bottled coke. Not great... 
I have never been inclined to leave a venue before, but almost did just that at the Windsor Castle. 
Been to Rajdoot a couple of times food was good the 1st time around. The 2nd visit was a disaster. 
Bought a Groupon for a 2 course meal supposedly 50% discount. Starters not cooked to arrive on table together. My tandoori duck breast was like small bullets of savory burnt toffeevabd arrived 3 minutes after my husband's starter. We were the only occupied table in restaurant. My main was a very spicy chicken curry cooked without spice probably using a jar of curry sauce. No texture, no depth no flavour. My husband's railway lamb curry must have been left on the track to solidify. Both mains we're tepid in heat and like the starters the delay between the first dish the chicken curry and the last dish of boiled rice was at least 5 minutes. We tasted our food. Told the waitress it was awful and left. I would have been mortified if we'd paid full price. We went to Greek cafe on corner if Holland Street for home made pastries. Don't go to Chakra. 
I ate tonight at this restaurant and the service was terrible, the food was not at the level that I expected given the price you pay and the wine was awful! Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone, even my dog!  
I’m really sad in writing this review as I was looking forward to having a good Indian restaurant around the corner from us. Chakra is not that restaurant.  
small portions with an emphasis on filling your drink the moment the last sip has been struck, the waiters pounce as soon as they see the alcohol flow stop! Old fashioned veggie menu, greasey and a definite recipe for bad bowels after.. Would not go back if it was free. ALSO being asked if we would like to leave a tip when paying by card is insult to injury.  
We parked up in the car park, with a dog, planning to take the dog for a walk and then go into the pub to watch the Rugby and have a meal and some drinks. The car park was almost empty but out of courtesy we popped into the pub to check it would be okay. 
Been to this Restaurant on many OCCASION, It was friendly, with good food , 
Ordered home delivery - arrived 30 mins late, food cold. 
We went for a long walk and decided to stop somewhere for Sunday lunch. As the The Two Brewers was completely full we phoned ahead and made a reservation very easily at The Windsor Castle, which is a 5 minute walk away. 
We booked a table for four adults and a baby with a highchair for 12pm. Arriving at 11:55am we waited outside for seven minutes whilst staff ( who could see us through the window) rushed around. Eventually we received a Luke warm welcome with little knowledge of our booking, we chose our table and after two attempts at broken and unstable highchairs offered one finally worked. 
We've been coming here for several weeks and the usual barmaid had provided excellent service.  
Bad restaurant, very overpriced with very small portions, very disappointing. Tiny prawns 3 per person is not good enough. Side orders at £7.50 are so small and tasteless. Don't go. 
it was a year I was here and food was superb and service good. Tonight, food was poor and service very lousy. They will never see me again. they recognised that they offered a poor service and offered not to charge it, as if they had read my mind. 
We went to The Windsor Castle pub for lunch on Saturday, having booked a table for 4. Three of us are vegetarian so were a bit disappointed to find only one option on the menu. One of our party is an elderly lady so we asked for a salad for her and they said they couldn't do that as it wasn't on the menu. We asked the waitress (who was very pleasant) to ask the chef(?) if he could just make up 2 side salads and put them together, therefore making one main salad. Apparently he/she was incapable of doing this and said no not possible. Words fail me. Needless to say we paid for our drinks and went somewhere else to eat and will not be returning to this pub to eat again. It is a shame as the staff/waitresses were very helpful and apologetic but the Chef is obviously totally incompetent. 
We thought it would be nice to experience Kiraku. A very expensive bad experience in all. The waitress was very blunt and disinterested to suggest or help explain the dishes. The waiter seemed a lot nicer. I ordered a noodle soup dish to which 10minutes later they told me they don't have any left. I then reordered meanwhile my table had finished before i even got my dish. the soup noodles were bland and small. We asked if they get the service charge applied to the total.they replied the company get half?! Hows that fair? Don't bother for the long wait , expensive and bad experience! 
I was there two days ago. I will never go back. It took a long time for the starter to arrive and when it did it was the wrong one. Of the two main meals that followed, one was the wrong one and the other was cold and had to be sent back to be reheated. When I approached the manager regarding these issues I found him to be rude. I also overheard the table of four next to us asking for the service charge to be deducted as they were unhappy with the service. 
The Windsor Castle, we were met by an arogant and bullish young man. The first few options we selected from the menu were all unavailable. My father tried to order some wine, but again this was not available. My mother gave up in the end and ordered nothing. My father and daughter tried to make the best of a bad experience. I ordered a ploughmans for my mother, but was horrified that it came with horrid white sliced bread. The whole experience was awful from start to finish. 
We went to chakra to celebrate a friend's birthday. On arrival it looked really nice and so we were very excited and expectant, however the service and food were very disappointing. The starters took forever to come, the waiters barely understood what we wanted and was always saying she needed to ask her colleague, the food served was not as described. One of my friends was given uncooked food and we had to speak to the manager to get it sorted out. The whole table was disappointed with the service and we decided we wouldn't pay service charge, however the manager came and tried to force us to pay and said it was compulsory, luckily we knew otherwise, he then went on to try to convince us to pay because they had brought my friend a slice of cake with a candle on it for her birthday. It was a really funny but disappointing situation. Will definitely not be going back there. 
Reading all great reviews about the Chakra restaurant, I expected to have a very enjoyable evening. Unfortunately... I could not find a good thing to share with you about this place.  
Was a regular for 3 years often dining there twice a week, unfortunately since there refurbishment the young manager has got too big headed thinking they don't need there regulars. First time I made a small complaint in front of my family he said your bookings in future will not be welcome. Sorry but when you talk to regulars like that you don't deserve my business. No matter how posh your restaurant looks you cannot treat paying customers that way!!  
I came here in 2018 one day before the royal wedding and I was very happy with the service. However 8 months on its a different story- I wad served by a lady who was very sulky no smile,no can I help you. She simple muttered yes? My gin and tonic had more than 30 ice cubes in it and when I complained tthe gentleman said this is the way we serve it so you basically get a watered down gin and water. I won’t be coming back! 
Such a horrible experience. Went out for dinner with friends and end up in this place where the staff looked to be bored due to the few tables busy at the time. Even on that they managed to mess up the orders and try to charge me for it, once they took the plate away from me. Once she (the member of the staff) felt bad, she came to tell me "it is on me", but brought me the original order which was agreed to be fine and no needed. To finish the night, and we apologize for the misunderstanding she goes "some people do not have attitude"....Terrible experience,not bad food. 
We always use Tripadvisor to determine which restaurant to to and eat. We went to Chakras and was quite disappointed. Food was bland and overpriced. Decor wasn't great either. Looking at previous reviews we thought it would be a great place to go, but it was the opposite. 
Came here for lunch with high expectations but the waiter crushed our heart. Waiter there need to be more pleasant in serving customers. After all, everyone should be treated equally and there should not be double standards.  
Having read the glowing reviews by other readers and taking advantage of a special offer from Amex cards, I went there to experience this for myself. First, I noticed the Bangladeshi waiter greeting all the Japanese visitors with an enthusiastic 'Gosai masta' but not others and then noticed him wiping the spoons with his fingers before placing them before customers. I wiped my cutlery with the napkin as a precaution. Not a good start. 
We were the only sober people dining at the restaurant tonight. We ordered 8 dishes and none of them were any good. It left me wishing that we had gone somewhere else. First off, our waiter had bad BO. Second, he screwed up our order and tempura soba became plain tempura. It then took 30 minutes and repeated requests before the soba arrived. The vegetable tempura was soggy. The squid tempura was also disappointing, and the squid was overcooked. To top it all off, there was too much salt in the soba and I'm sat here 2 hours later drinking copious amounts of water to get the taste out of my mouth. And the waiter still tried to sneak the service charge past us. Lots of Japanese clientele but they were drinking more than eating, which says it all really. 
Food was just ok since we need halal food but don't come here if u didn't make any reservation coz they will just turn u away saying " oo u did not make reservation so no table for u" imagine how would we feel when we walked quite a long walk in a cold winter nite feeling hungry n people just ask u to go away? But we were fine .. we just walk to Khan's an Indian restaurant just behind Whiteleys n they let us in n gave good service. Sorry Tuk Din .. not going there anymore.. previously we've tried d food before n didn't hv a good experience as well but at least we managed to get d food. 
Went for lunch and had the lunchtime special menu at £30 per head. There was not a vegetarian version of the menu so as as starter instead of the 3 meat and fish dishes I was served a 3 small blobs of vegetable mash :kidney bean, butternut squash, spinach. As a main course I asked for the chicken and fish currys to be replaced by the aubergine and asparagus dishes from the al a carte menu. What turned up was a bowl oily mushy aubergine and stir fried green veg consisting of mange tot , asparagus (a few pieces of stalk only) and broccoli. This was also oily and had been stir fried with garlic, hardly an ''Indian' dish. On the whole I found the meal dissapointing, bland and overpriced. Too make matters worse when we asked to have the leftovers (rice, Dahl and chickpeas we all shared) to be packaged up to take home we were told we were not allowed as we had ordered the lunchtime special menu. I would not go back and I would especially not eat there in the evening as I would worry that I was being served someone's leftovers reheated from lunch!!!!! 
This place used to be fantastic but has gone very wrong. Kept waiting for nearly 2 hours for food and when we enquired about it, we were given the cold shoulder by the waiter, who seemed bored and disinterested. There are a lot of similar restaurants in the area, I will be using these in future. 
First time eating here and the service felt rushed and most of the order was wrong. The food tasted very creamy and full of sugar. Not nice. The food wasn't spicy enough. One of our dishes that was ordered had a problem which the staff was notified on the night but was not dealt with correctly. I will not be eating or suggest anybody to eat there.  
Slow, small portions and expensive. The restaurant was half full and the waiters took forever to come. Food was okay.  
My husband and I visited this restaurant on an amazon deal £39 for two. The voucher was for a three course meal with cocktail. We booked the restaurant for a Friday night and were called the day before and told they were closed for refurbishments. This was inconvenient but we rebooked for the Saturday. We were called on the Saturday and told the card machine wasn't working and to ensure we brought enough cash. I thought at the time this was extremely unprofessional but as the voucher expired on the Saturday we didn't really have a choice. When we arrived the waitress couldn't find our booking, which we found very strange as they had called us twice! We were eventually shown to our table. We were shown the set menu ... Labelled Amazon deal. To say the choice was limited is an understatement. The menu showed a choice to two starters either 'meat eaters' or 'non meat'! Lol ... The choice was chick peas and potatoes or chicken and fish. The main meal again labelled 'meat eater' and 'non meat eater'. Vegetarian option was Dahl with potatoe, chick peas, basmati rise and lentils. The meat choice was chicken with the same accompaniments. I could not believe the limited choice and stated this to the waitress. I also noted that the menu was the same foods whichever choice you made for the vegetarian or the chicken for the starter and the main. My husband and I chose the chicken & fish to start and the chicken for main. The starter was two small cubes of tandoori chicken and two very small strips of deep fried very oily(lots of oil on the plate) tilapia fish. Quite tasteless. The cocktail was a ver sweet concoction of strawberry, passion fruit and vodka ... No taste of vodka. When the main meal came it was really a portion for one shared for two. The chicken dish consisted of four small peices of flattened chicken around 2" square. The sauce was a tomatoe and cream sickly sauce. The lentils were in the same sauce. The chickpeas and potatoes were served in bowels half the size of cereal bowels. The plates were cold and the food barely warm. No table plate Warner's were provided. The desert again was no choice just a 1" square of icecream with raspberry syrup squirted over it and a sickly sweet mango sauce. I cannot believe that a restaurant would operate like this and have the cheek to offer such a minimal menu with all the same ingredients on the same menu just moved around to try and create a choice. We also noticed that EVERYONE in the restaurant had the same deal. We were all eating the same food, very strange. We also noticed that all the customers were tourists! Maybe the local hotels are offering this restaurant on a commission basis. My husband and I don't like chickpeas or lentils but found ourselves eating it as we were very hungry. Very dissapointing experience. Embarrassing because I often use restaurant deals and the beauty is there is a mixture of clientele and you can't tell from those on set menus and al la carte. Here it was made very obvious and made me feel uncomfortable. I had indigestion all night as the sauce was very thick and sickly. One of my worst dining experiences. Not worth the £39 and the 10 miles we travelled. I feel this restaurant is targeted to tourists who when visiting London look for a cheap deal. But if your british and know your Indian food then you will most definitely feel cheated. These vouchers are supposed to be an intro to the restaurant and then hopefully you will return. I'm not sure if the management is aware of this concept! It states on the menu card 'voted the best Indian restaurant in notting hill'. As I commented to my husband of course it is, just like Heineken is the best larger in the world! Save your money and visit your local Indian restaurant, we sure wish we had! 
Went on 30th Dec with my family,following many good reports.Looked busy upon entering and decor was nice.Then it went downhill. 
Staff unwelcoming, almost aggressive. 
Careful when ordering. Bar staff admit they always give customers the most expensive wine- nearly £8 a medium glass. (They call it the go-to wine when asked why) They tell you a lower price when ordering, and reveal the real price once you've handed over the money. Dodgy. 
We booked Chakra as a special meal for mine and my husband's birthdays having failed to get into our first choice. The reviews were very good and the taster menu with cocktail fitted the bill perfectly. We had been to Twickenham the day before and extended our stay in to Sunday to end the birthday weekend with what we beoieved would be a special Indian meal. A few days before we were due to set off the restaurant phoned us to tell us they could only offer a buffet. With so little time to rearrange my husband accepted. When we arrived at the restaurant there was what seemed to us a private party, celebrating Diwali in full swing. There were children running round, one with a poodle on a lead! The manager said with some surprise that we had been contacted. However nobody explained what was actually happening. We were shown the now very depleted buffet and decided to leave. 
It's a bad curry full stop. Flavourless and rushed atmosphere. Used to be a good meal when was the original resturant but really is a awful curry since it was expanded and lost the quality in the pursuit of quantity of dinners 
Decided to take my boyfriend here for his birthday got an ok deal on travel zoo for 3course meal and cocktail each. When we arrived we got a shabby reception and were rushed to our table! We then got our cocktails which appeared and tasted non alcoholic! Waited 10mins for starters which were very nice then we had to wait 20minutes to get another drink due to the staff waiting on all the other tables with full paying guests! Main course my partner had the venison which was so dry and two little pieces hardly a main course I had the chicken curry which was very poor quality meat as it was full of water! And very bland! Next we ordered desserts which took 30minutes to come out  
London is not known for its service but this place plunges its reputation to levels unknown to me. I have never seen such disinterest and disdain for customers as I witnessed today. Stay away, less you want an I unpleasant meal 
Been to chakra many times in the past but it is very disappointing to see how quickly things are going down... 
Given the price , I was expecting something special. An unimaginative small portion with the bare minimum ( apart from the ham/bacon) of ingredients, poorly cooked on stale bread did not live up to the other reviews. Decidedly unatmospheric 
This branch of once a great brand is tired and staff are lazy  
Go to Byron. Its far better than this chain of imposters. Burgers not very flavoursome and not authentic in any way. 
The food is so bland. We ordered seabass in tamarind soup, which is more like water. The fish is also not very fresh. It tasted quite fishy. It was so bland and I finished all the sambal in the nasi lemak in my boyfriend's dish. 
Worst food I have ever encountered in London.Read about previous reviews and booked a table for 10 but was terribly dissapointed . satay chicken in small cubes ?? Go to satay house,C&R,Rasa sayang but Not this one 
So on a saturday noon whilst strolling the Portobello Market, we noticed a shop that looked like they serve pretty good burgers. Walked in and saw that they serve large portions. Ordered 2 burgers and sides to share amongst 4. When food came we asked for a sharing plate. Something any normal restaurant would provide. Nothing unreasoanble to ask. Instant respond from the wAitress, "you cant have 2 burgers when u have 4 ppl. Each of u shld be having a burger." Theres so many things wrong with the situation but ive limited them for ga viewing only. Firstly if u only want to serve burgers then dont give me s choice of sides. 2ndly if u want me to not occupy space then give me my food faster coz the faster i have it the faster i leave and you can have ur table that we r "occupying". Lastly i think the restaurant can be better wout a waitress like this. Hopefully they realize that some training needs to be in place here. Other than that habenero burgers pretty good if u r after a good beef burger  
As Rolling Stones fans we were looking forward to this restaurant so it was really disappointing to experience bland, boring food, lethargic staff, overpriced drinks and raw chicken being served to children. Bill Wyman and the Rolling Stones by any loose association should be ashamed of themselves. Seriously low rent. Avoid. 
Went to this place as a family group of five. Very average food (that’s being polite), ridiculously expensive drinks and as for the decor, any Hard Rock would put it to shame. A few old guitars around the walls and Rolling Stones posters hardly make it a rock institution. Really disappointing, would never go there again and certainly couldn’t recommend.  
Went for a late afternoon pre-cinema burger. Really in the mood for one. When I went to order was told they had run out of beef burgers after having a capital beef burger special pushed to us. Totally unacceptable for what is, after all, a burger kitchen.Was unapologetically offered a chicken burger - seriously? 
Well we have always loved visiting sticky fingers and was always worth the 1hr drive into town for a special occasion but after our last visit we won’t be visiting again.  
I am afraid I have to say that I am deeply disappointed. Not from the food or from the service. Not that the aforementioned were something beyond average. The main reason that dragged me into writing this review is that I was misleaded from what they advertised in their web site. The restaurant was supposed to offer a nye celebration till 1 am. However, everything was executed with an underlying intention to make you leave by 11 pm. Gently not brutally but clearly force you. I remember a woman drinking her last sip of her drink stood with her coat on over her table while the waitress was cleaning the table and the floor. Or that we had to decide between the desserts and the drinks because kitchen was about to close. A hard negotiation for someone who chose the place to celebrate the nye. My wife found the way that we were treated impolite and complained to the manager who said that we could stay and have our drinks. Regadless of what the manager told us the atmosphere was rather tensed and probably we would be the last clients in the restaurant. So bottom line, Sticky Fingers is an average American restaurant that is by no means recommended to spend your new year's eve especially if you come to London for this reason. 
Our family have regularly visited Sticky Fingers since the mid 1990's and always eat here whenever we visit London, usually for rock gigs. 
Abysmal, food was cold and undercooked. The food was replaced and it was hot but undercooked. The table was sticky. Most unpleasant. 
Tukdin is quite a known restaurant among Malaysian, merely because well, its Malaysian and it's been around for a long time. We went there on Christmas Day, and there were some people inside the restaurant, but it was locked. Well okay, we didn't mind. Then another customer that was engaging in a conversation with us was let in, which we also didn't mind, again. The waitress came to us and completely ignored us while talking to the particular customer. The fact that we weren't noticed by the waitress made us feel very UNNOTICEABLE and DISCRIMINATED. We weren't even told when the restaurant would be opened and not even a little bit of sympathy was given.  
Below average food, very slow service and poor customer service.  
We've been waiting for over half an hour for our food, to find out that they haven't even started cooking it. We've been told that there is an issue with the kitchen and they can't quarantine when it will be ready.. We asked for a refund and went down the road to have dinner. Manager was away and floor staff couldn't help further. Will avoid that restaurant.. 
We visited this evening expecting Stones music and rock music to be playing. When we arrived the music was so low volume it was inaudible and was not rock, or anything similar. The staff were less than welcoming right from the start. There was only one draught beer - Heineken, which in my view is a dated beer that nobody drinks anymore.  
Visited on 29th December with friends to celebrate a birthday. Opted for the set menu with bottomless Prosecco. We were served by Marco and when told of my lactose intolerance, he quickly obtained the allergens booklet and went through available options. I chose the chicken wings easily but the mains on the set menu all contained milk. Eventually I opted for the salmon without the sauce and decided on fries instead of the quinoa. Marco also checked with the chef to ensure it was not cooked in butter. The chicken wings were very tasty but the salmon was extremely disappointing. I had a small fillet and a load of fries on the plate. There was no salad to help it look interesting. The salmon was dry with no seasoning so used the provided vinaigrette to jazz it up a bit. No milk free desserts available so had a bowl of fruit salad. The Prosecco was good and when our time had run out, we spoke with the manager Bruno who surprised us with an extra glass. We were happy to pay the service charge because of the brilliant service provided by Marco but not happy that the chef would also benefit as the food was well below par. One of my friends was also unable to eat the chicken burger as it was so dry and tasteless. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone who has any form of allergies or intolerances as they are not able to accommodate and provide an enjoyable dining experience.  
Unlike many reviews where a balanced report on food, service, and setting can be offered, I’m forgoing all of this to simply report that you should avoid this establishment altogether. If there is a redeeming factor, it’s the little bit of rock decor and it’s location in the city. But don’t let that persuade you. The food is utterly basic and lacks any form of creativity, along with being overpriced. One guest near our table actually remarked that “I feel bad that these nice people have to serve this awful food.” 
My friend made a reservation for 4 at 7pm. 3 of us got there at 7 and were looking through the menu. The waitress came up to our table and asked if we are ready to order and we told her we would like to wait for our friend. 10 minutes later she returns and rushes us to order saying it will take a while for the food to be prepared.  
I have a serious nut allergy and I have eaten in possibly as many as a thousand Italian restaurants.  
We ordered lunch “15 mins guaranteed or lunch on us” . Waited for our food over 20 mins. When we received it, we never had time to have our food inside, as in 15 mins we have to be back to work. So we asked to do it take away. When I asked staff “so the lunch on you as it’s been over 15 mins”. They said “no, we are not aware of this menu” lol. And we had to pay for lunch!  
6 of us for an evening meal....whilst the service was good, the food was not...starters and main. The ribs were tough, one portion not cooked through and had to be returned, the bbq sauce on both ribs and chicken was very sickly. As for the corn on the cob, cold, watery and tasteless. Wouldn’t go back. Verdict by all 6. 
My family and I visited this restaurant recently, and the food was horrible!! Our son’s pizza was flavorless; bland crust, CANNED tomato sauce, and mozzarella. No garlic, basil, or seasoning. I ordered tagliatelle (allegedly ‘homemade’) with cherry tomatoes, pancetta, and pecorino. There were probably 3 small slivers of pancetta and no chunky tomatoes. It was basically spaghetti covered in canned tomato sauce; also flavorless. I ate 3 bites and passed it over to my husband. My husband ordered Fruitti de Marre. This was the ‘best’ dish of all, simply because the canned sauce was mildy masked by the flavors of seafood. To make matters worse, we ordered tiramisu and creme brûlée, after the main course, because we were all still hungry. Bad idea! The “tiramisu” was served in a chocolate covered waffle bowl!?! I’m not sure how they called it Tiramisu since it was a blob - literally - of what tasted like cool whip and pudding mixed together. Blah. It did not taste like marscapone cream at all, and there was maybe one lady finger broken up inside entirely too much“cream. There was very minimal coffee flavor. The creme brûlée was in a wide dish, making it too thin. When caramelized, the entire dish became warm and took away from the crunchy top and cold interior, as creme brûlée should be. We will never return, and we are disappointed we ever visited in the first place. 
Glared at by miserable waiters and left unattended for too long.. Stuck up atmosphere from guests and staff. Worth looking else where in the area  
We had friends birthday-meal, attended early, restaurant wasn’t really busy either. Service was very half-hearted, they forgot many things several times. Food itself was not good, really bad quality...... had T- bone steak which we ordered medium cooked but came rare and cold, it’s side dish zucchini was overcooked and way too much batter. For starters we had smoked cheese with mushrooms..... was very average dish, tasteless.  
Asked for them to leave one item off my hotdog and they left everything off lol. When I asked the waitress she said it will come out on the side. When it didn't she hurried to the kitchen to add the mustard, ketchup, barbecue sauce. No smoked cheese was added which was meant to be on the hotdog but by then I had given up.  
Avoid this place by all means.  
To be honest the food was discusting the girl waiters looked about 14 and was doing my alchole drinks the service was slow and there was a man sat there on his tablet why I asked to place an order never again 
Went this evening with my husband an Son an couldn’t believe how rude the staff were! Walked in with a table booked an all the front of house staff were so busy accommodating this guy who wanted tables they didn’t even acknowledge us! His rude! I run my own business an meet an greet is paramount... told them to cancel our table an would never go back.. School of spice across road was amazing 
Terrible ! Visited at 6pm and only 8 people in the restaurant. Coke was flat . Waited 45 mins for our starter so we ended up leaving and going to another restaurant. Absolutely shocking service and I would recommend you avoid the ivory tusk. 
AWFUL Service I'm well travelled and enjoy good food and service but unfortunately we didnt get that here ,FAR BETTER INDIAN RESTAURANTS TO VISIT IN SHEPPERTON,AVOID 
This is the third time I’ve visited here. Each time the service has got worse. They are more interested in their takeaway orders than actually providing a decent service for eat in customers. The drinks service was terrible and cutlery was dirty. I would advise going elsewhere in Shepperton, recommend the school of spice across the road or Mumbai square near the station both are clean and have staff who are actually interested in providing a good service to their clientele. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 
Such a shame. Sticky Fingers was once my absolute favourite place to visit with good friends for a few quality beers, fabulous food and great service. All matched with the best atmosphere. 
Awful slow rude service . Food is a lot better in the other Indian restaurants nearby . Please avoid . 
We arrived at lunch time with 2 adults and 2 children. After being ignored for 10 minutes, we asked for the menu and were told that we will have to wait another 10 minutes without any form of apology just to receive the menu at which point we decided to leave. The manager obviously did not care about customers or business and was happy to have a more quiet lunch time service, not minding for customers to walk away. Will definitely not go back there unless the manager changes. 
My family used to come here for years. We came back tonight and spent a lot of money on awful cheap Indian food. Even though it was takeaway I think the quality should always be the same. It was not.  
went here last month for dinner 
Quite possibly the worst food I have ever eaten! The burger tasted of burnt and grease... in fact grease literally flooded out of it. My son’s Mac ‘n Cheese was awful too...  
I went for a meal tonight with my mum , wife and 2 children. The restaurant was busy and the service was a bit slow turning very slow towards the end of the evening. The service was not particularly great and I took half an hour to to receive 2 Irish coffees. When they arrived the waiter spilled most of the cream on the plate put it down and proceeded to lock his finger. Also we asked for a few drinks throughout the evening that didn’t turn up. When I received the bill and checked it as this is not the 1st time I have been overcharged in here. I found it had a bottle of wine, pint and a half of soft drink and half a larger on the bill we had not had . I pointed this out and the waiter went off to amend the bill. On arriving back I checked the bill again to find there was another 2 pints of beer that had been added. When I pointed this out the waitress walked off saying she would amend this again but her attitude was very complacent. Once the amended bill was brought back I left the money on the table and left . As I was walking down the high Street one of the waiters come running down the street say that I had not paid the bill.  
We went there to eat in july and they served hot water and hot drinks. And its not only that...THEY ARE THIEVES.They took twice the money from our credit card and when I asked him to check his mashine because my bank sent me two messages to inform me how much my card was charged, he refused and did nothing. He was so rude and he did nothing to persuade me that I was wrong (and I wasnt ) ... 
Waiters are very rude. Also fyi, they do not accept customers for drinks only so you have to order some food to be able to sit there. 
Meal - poor burger and poor chips. Service very slow. It was a little after 5pm and mostly empty but they would only let you sit in the cold draft right by the door. But half price cocktails were good and decor OK. 
Cold gloopy soup. Soggy tasteless pasta vongole. Chicken too tough to cut let alone chew. Brusk waiters. Great bread!! This restaurant is disrespectful to its customers with the very expensive dull food it serves. Stay away! 
I booked the “free flowing prosecco” brunch 27.50pp. They messed up my booking so I could only bring 5 friends rather than 7. Food was horrible! Drinks were not flowing! Waited 20mins each time for a bottle so we only had 5 bottles within 1.5 hours! Don’t do it to yourself if you want to have a good birthday! They claimed the bar was busy which was a lie, Defo not worth the money! 
I have been coming to this restaurant for over 15 years and today was the worst meal i have ever been served abd appalling service to boot. My seabass was not fresh, was overcooked and chewy. I complained to both the manager and the owner who dismissed me entirely and I was charged for the fish despite not eating any if it. When i raised this point i was told that as he couldn't see anything wrong with the fish i would be paying for it. Of course not every meal somewhere can be outstanding but the arrogance and disrespect with which we were treated has put me off entirely. Sad to see a once amazing restaurant lose it's authenticity to pride and bad customer service! 
This restaurant is completely overstretched on a Saturday night. The kitchen and waiters cannot get the food out in a sensible time. We waited an hour and forty minutes from sitting down to our one course arriving on our table. 
Thought we would try this restaurant again tonight but wish we didnt wow this place has gone down hill rapidly.table booked for 8pm and waited 40 mins for menus and its now 9.28 and still no dinner ...service is so slow and rude we asked why the food was taking so long and was told there is a table of 6 arrived ! Really !!! Waiters are rude carpet looks like it hasnt been hoovered in a week and table cloths dirty ! Not great ....wouldnt come back again. I would not recommend this place to anyone.  
OMG - The reply, below, of the management of this restaurant is worse than anything that could have ever happened. 
Whilst I would be the first to admit that Indian food on a Sunday lunchtime isn’t everyone’s taste we fancied it.  
We both cam home from this restaurant and were fighting to get to the bathroom.We have been visiting this restaurant for over 20 years and they didn't bother to reply to an email, so we have gone to Tripadvisor. 
Came here today for my sisters 21st birthday so we booked the unlimited prosecco brunch for 4 people. The food was lovely, however, we asked the waiter to inform us 20minutes before the prosecco would be running out, unfortunately we were not told and apparently ‘run out of time’ even though we had not been told the time limit when we started. We did not want the dessert so asked if we could exchange it for another glass of prosecco each (not even a bottle) and we were refused. It’s a shame because it was a lovely lunch before this happened and the manager was rude, not even apologising for the situation. Just to heads up anyone who perhaps want to do this! Maybe choose somewhere else!  
This restaurant is awful on a Friday or Saturday evening cannot cope once got u seated don't care anymore wait ages to take order then a hour for food then it's COLD so everyone avoid on weekends NEVER EVER GO AGAIN twice this as happened first even lost my order not ask we're food was be sitting their now  
Have visited several times with friends over the years, my friends all rave about it but personally I prefer to eat in either Shahin or Indian Zest in Sunbury 
We have been going to the Ivory Tusk for years to get a curry and they keep raising their prices (now £8.95 for what I get!!!) meanwhile they have been making the portions smaller and smaller.  
My family and I went to the Ivory Tusk to celebrate my daughters 28th birthday, we arrived just before 8 and was seated right away. We ordered our starters and waited and waited. Half an hour passed so I asked the waiter if they was a problem I was told no and our starters were coming next .another 20 minutes passed, still no starters so I asked again if there was a problem no problem I was told yours is coming out next . After an hour I asked for the manger who then informed me that there was a problem in the kitchen with the machine that prints off the orders ,it had run out of paper. We finally got our starters an hour and 15 minuets after we had ordered them . Now I accept these things happen but what I don’t accept is being lied to and to have a waiter make excuses for very bad service , on the plus side the food was wonderful. I spoke to the manager again to complain about the service so she offered to let my daughter have a Diet Coke for free which wasn’t acceptable so in the end she gave us 20% off our bill. So thank you Ivory Tusk for spoiling my daughters birthday ,trust me we won’t be back. 
First off I'd like to say the food was great.... 
My girlfriend and I plus 2 friends wanted to go and have some Tiramisu for dessert and were turned away by the head waiter / manager at 9:45pm in the most rude manner possible. He didn't even try to show any politeness, just vehemently denied us sitting down to have 4 desserts and coffee at 9:45pm on a Monday evening when the restaurant was half empty. Then when I mentioned that I had done this various times before he proceeded to say I was lying. I could understand him turning us away if the restaurant was almost full and there was the chance of filling some more tables, but it was late on a Monday night, and the restaurant was half empty! I used to be a big fan of this restaurant, always recommended it to friends and family, but after the way my friends and I were treated, I will never go there again. 
This has been a favourite restaurant if ours, but we have had bad experiences in 2014 which included: 
Me and my boyfriend went to Sticky fingers last night. The atmosphere was nice but the service was very poor. The waiter was unfriendly and impatient for us to order. My chicken had sharp small bones and the ribs were not edible as they were so tough. I could not even cut them with a knife. No one asked us if our food was ok. When we complained, we were only offered coffees and told that the ribs were meant to be tough. I have had better food and service at harvester and I have been a waitress for years. Would not eat here again. Over priced for the money and they did not even deduct the service charge from the bill to make up for the terrible food and service. Spend your money elsewhere! Dirty bones is much nicer. 
Booked a birthday surprise at 14/00 on Saturday for 3 people for 19/45 arrived at 19/50 gave my name the then told me no booking made and the man & lady couldn’t care less it would have been a complete disaster if it had been booked for 10 people 
So, we have just left and are totally disappointed. Half way through our meal, my husband found a long, dark, hair, tangled up in his dish. He summoned the waiter/manager who quickly removed the plate from the table into the kitchen area. Moments later, he returned to our table, with the dish and held up the fork with the long, dark hair dangling in front of our eyes and explained that it could not have come from his kitchen, because everyone has short hair!? I was completely taken aback by how he was clearly taking the blame away from the kitchen and bringing it back to our table!?  
So I have been coming to this restaurant for years and always have the same food. On my last visit I ordered my usual. It tasted completely bland, I can only describe it as terrible.  
Used my taste card this evening, but unfortunately signature dishes are not included in the taste card deal. I did point out to the chef (who was at the bar and not the kitchen ) that they should inform taste card of this as it is not mentioned in their terms and conditions. I was told they are trying to get rid of taste card as its not worth their while. Please if you accept taste card make your terms and conditions clear. If you don't want taste card holders then inform taste card and not myself the customer. 
I’ve been ordering from here for a while and never had any issues until last weekend - I opened up my chicken tikka masala to find a thick hair in it. Disgusting. My partner had a mixed grill which came with no onions or peppers- for £14 I think this is unacceptable. Food as a whole was bland and the meat tasted off. Tried messaging on Facebook and had no response or apology. Or refund! Won’t be ordering again. Go to school of spice instead! We Won’t be ordering again from here. It’s shocking. 
High St Kensington, cocktails and an American dinner.... ok for a chilled Friday night right? Not the case this time... ordered drinks at happy hour but didn't receive the second drinks until asking for them twice through the night, delayed service, food..... could only stomach the fries. Nothing on Dirty bones, won't be going back and couldn't even face paying the service charge. Thumbs down for Sticky fingers :( 
Mediocre, bland overpriced food with petulant service and putrid toilets. Stay away. 
Booked this restaurant online for a family meal while sight seeing. Location is great but that’s all. Arrived to be told we were late by a very abrupt restaurant manager. Cleared that up but were told our table wasn’t ready. The restaurant was 1/3 full. Really quiet. Said we’d have a drink in the bar only to be told they couldn’t serve us due to a backlog of drink orders. Which the manager was keen to show us. There were several staff not doing anything. We waited and watched while several of them just stood around watching one barman make cocktails. After being ignored, no menus handed out etc we decided to leave. Went to the Britannia pub round the corner which was excellent. Highly recommend for good home made food with excellent service. Avoid sticky fingers. 
Unfortunately I cannot leave no stars.. 
Went out with a group of 4 couples. Service was extremely slow. When my dish arrived, it was not what I asked for. They asked if they could take it away but by this point my groups as already eating and judging by the slow service, I wasn't prepared to take the chance. There was no apology. Will not be visiting again and will certainly be telling friends and family who live local what poor service this restaurant promotes.  
Restaurant wasn't busy yet had to wait firstly to be served and then another long wait for the food. Staff acted like they didn't care and we were inconveniencing them, which, after reading the review responses, is proven before even arriving at the restaurant. Should have listened to poor reviews prior to making the trip here - won't be returning and definitely wouldn't recommend. 
I ordered the Tex Mex challenge and it turned out it was only a challenge because the burger was so bad. The patties were super dry and it said double cheese on the menu but they gave me the tiniest amount of cheese. The portion wise you could definitely finish it but it's just a let down. If you're going to make it a challenge at least the burger has to be palatable. 
The bar was open until midnight. We ordered a round of drinks just before which they were happy to sell us. As we walked back to our table with our drinks a bouncer followed us and told us to leave as the bar was closed. We explained that we'd just bought the drinks before the bell rang but he insisted we had to leave. . We said that we would leave as soon as we'd finished or drinks and he stood at our table and stared at us until we had done so. 
Taciturn disinterested barmen,unfriendly/unhelpful staff, overzealous security...This used to be a good pub but has gone downhill a lot recently. If you want decent service, friendly staff and better atmosphere try o'neills etc...I wonder if staff already know they won't be at the cock and bull for much longer? It would explain but not excuse the service/behaviour. 
This used to be a great pub but be warned..... I was in there tonight with a group of girl friends and as part of last orders they served us a round of drinks at about 11.55pm. Then at exactly midnight the bouncer came over and told us we had to finish our drinks immediately. We didn't want to down the full drinks we'd just purchased so the bouncer insisted on standing less than a metre from our table staring at us whilst we finished our drinks. He refused to move to remind the other customers to finish their drinks just stood there staring at us which was quite creepy and off putting. This used to be a busy oh, I guess behaviour like this and the fact the bar staff couldn't see why it was weird explains why the pub was pretty empty throughout the evening (there were spare tables the whole eve). I have to say I'll definitely be drinking elsewhere in the future and would recommend others did too. 
This is worst food I have tasted, Not fresh at all how can you be so ill by just eating vegetable fajitas, I will never go to a Mexican restaurant again. 
This pub is my local and since it changed hands last September, the quality of food, the service and the ambience has changed and sadly not for the better!! There are no vegan choices and when asked if something can be made vegan it's a very definite 'if it's not on the menu then we don't do it' attitude, the food that was ordered was over cooked and tasteless!! Even the glasses the drinks are served in are dirty looking and let's face it, if you ask for a fun and tonic you shouldn't have to remind the staff about the slice of lime - if I'm paying for Monkey47 G&T then I want it in a decent glass!! Not something you'd serve tap water in!!! Won't be going back anytime soon  
Had a horrible first-time experience. 
After our holiday from Ibiza we decide to go this Mexican for lunch. 
I booked an area for 25 of us (a work outing) last night. We booked 3 weeks prior and all seemed fine. We were told there would be two for one cocktails, an area booked at the back of the restaurant for us to occupy, standing whilst we ate our nibbles.  
The worst staff I ever had -I left without ear do rude and prepotente staff don't go they will. It treat you as person they not like the company have a bad service both staff work there - disgusting  
Rude racist staff. Food was average. Caught the barstaff looking at porn on their phones. Trashy 
It all started promisingly enough... 
My husband and I visited roti Kitchen after we heard about it on the radio I read the reviews which where all excellent. 
An aggressively rude waiter and a business that intentionally lies about its acceptance of card payments to deliberately deceive customers. Avoid the unpleasantness of a trip here for the average food. 
It was empty when we arrived, but service was still slow. Starter eventually arrived, which was okay. Main courses took ages, and the Chicken Tikka Masala was so sweet my son couldn't eat it - even the replacement was filled with sugar and inedible!! My husband had to hunt the lamb in his curry it was cut up so small. The bill was horrendous!! £12 on 6 small glasses of coke!! £100 for a curry for 4 people - I think not!! Won't be going there again!! 
We went to the Kasmiri Karahi on the recommendation of a friend. He said that the food was great, if a little spicy! Just what we like as we find those places that say 'very spicy' are, in fact, typically mild. 
You might as well have ordered a bounty chocolate bar instead of the butter chicken due to large coconut fillings in the curry.  
its a shame when you have sick baby in your lap and driving emergency order some food , and they said sorry you need to come upstair to pick it up otherwise we cannot even gave you in the parking. heavy rain and sick baby (8months old) it's really shame for their behaviour. 
Avoid this restaurant. 
Exceptionally rude manager and waiters. On complaining about an indecent attitude of a waiter, the manager not only defended his waiter but also tried to ridicule the complaint. Other waiters and staff joined the manager to harass the customer. 
Went their on Saturday  
Not that I have been to every part of India to taste all the food but being an Indian and having eaten Indian food all my life I like to think I have upper hand on reviewing Indian food in a area like Shepperton where the majority of the population is native. I have to start this review by saying this because it has had so many good reviews. 
I had a terrible experience at this restaurant today. The staff and management are both extremely discourteous and rude and far away from any sense of professionalism. I went there with friends and their families for Eid dinner tonight. There was a food spillage on the floor which posed health and safety risk to the customers. When I asked a staff member who posed to be the Manager to have it cleaned as it could cause injury to the diners, he refused to take the feedback and started blaming me for throwing the stuff on the floor. I asked him very politely that regardless of whosoever spilled it, ultimately it was his responsibility to abide by the health and safety regulations and keep the restaurant clean and risk free for the customers. The guy in an extremely impolite manner dismissed the feedback and instead blamed me for being overcritical. This is certainly not the place which I would recommend for spending your time and money. 
Salt hill park is a very big park and right in the middle is the Kashmir Karahi restaurant and Cafe on the playground side. I had been to the cafe twice before with a friend and between us we have 2 well behaved toddlers and 3 babies. First time we went we only had a tea and sat for almost 2 hours, and we were asked to leave because they close 12:30 to clean. So we left and thought we were chased away because we didn't spend enough money. The second time, same amount people, we were put on a table of 4 as to not take up the bigger tables for up to 6 people, so we squashed on this small table. We ordered tea, omelette (which was nothing but some egg chucked in a pan and scrambled), portions chips and drinks for the kids. Same thing again chased away at 12:30. This time told that they close early. Ok, we thought fine that must be the closing time. Oh and just to mention, the big table where we could've sat more comfortably on was later taken up by two gentlemen. Mmm, strange that! 
came here yesterday with all my family and the food wasn't good at all. Lacked flavour. None of us enjoyed the food. Very disappointing. Sad thing is the staff didn't even try and understand.  
The rasmalai is a poor quality. 
Went there tonight for the first time in a long time with my wife and 18 month old daughter at around 7.30pm. Admittedly in England in many places this might be deemed a little late to go dining with a toddler but our daughter is normally well behaved on such occasions. We were offered a choice of tables but opted for one away from other diners in case we might disturb them near the window. We duly ordered drinks and poppadoms and unfortunately our daughter became quite fractious and loud. Instead of speaking to us directly the staff started to put napkins under her on the seat where her child seat had been placed for fear of her damaging the chair with the scuffing of her shoes. Shortly afterwards a waiter returned to take our order but when we informed him that we needed more time he told us we had half an hour as there were some regular guests who would soon be arriving to dine at the next table. We decided to pay for what we had and leave. We discussed the situation with the manager and said we understood that he was running a business and it might not be to many people's taste eating near a screaming toddler but that if this was the policy of the restaurant, that we should have been informed on arrival instead of ordering entrees then being told we had half an hour. I got the distinct impression that this fell on deaf ears with the story changing a number of times to say there was a group of business people coming to regular customers, etc. How different it could have been if only they'd said when we arrived that they don't admit kids at night but would be happy to do us a take away! Instead the manager somehow seemed to suggest that they prefer the approach of waiting to see if kids are loud, fractious , etc before deciding that they should be hurried out of the place. We as a family will never go back and although understanding what it is to run a business remain mystified by this restaurant's seeming inepitude to take on board customer feedback. I wouldn't describe it as an argument per se like the last post but I can quite easily see after tonight's unfortunate experience where the poster was coming from. Will not return! 
Be VERY aware if you are using a Tastecard here. I'm sure it's all in the small print somewhere but on our bill, pappadums (we didn't have a starter apparently, pappadums don't count as a starter), rice, sag aloo etc. were all excluded from the discount. On a £74 (alcohol possibly £25) bill we were given a discount of £6.55 (which just happened to be the cheapest dish). Not impressed. Food? Well....having spent many a happy hour in India I have never been presented with chicken tikka on a sizzling platter: It always came directly from a skewer. Perhaps I have frequented the wrong establishments in Mumbai and Delhi. On querying the bill I do not expect to be read the small print....any establishment of repute would apologise for the fact I had misinterpreted the calculation and made at least some small gesture of service recovery. There was nothing. I rest my case. Why only one star for this experience....because the last five minutes spoiled the evening utterly. 
used to come often, but food is no longer tasty, very greasy with no actual taste, price wise it has gone quite expensive and would not recommend going alone or just two people as their grilled meats come in portions of 8! and single portions arent allowed which is ridiculous 
Turned up at 10:10pm and was abruptly told they closed at 10:30 despite advertising 11. Never going back. 
Stopped here for a quick snack. Didn't look too clean and workers looked as if they had been in same clothes for weeks, but took my chances as i was in a hurry. Ordered a couple of portions of vegetable samosas, which they said would be freshly prepared. When my order was ready I took them back to the car to share with my family on our journey. Immmediately noticed they were cold, but worse..frozen in the middle. Drove immediately back and confronted them, they didn't seem too bothered and asked if I wanted another portion. They had microwaved frozen samosas then fried them to put a bit of colour on the pastry.No way, demanded my money and got out of there. BAD FOOD, POOR HYGIENE, ATROCIOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE. AVOID!!!!! 
unprofessional rude staff, they think they are doing you a massive favor by taking your money and giving you cold microwaved food.  
I made a phone order for two parath and chicken jalfrizey for take away and I made it clear I need the food mild less chilly as possible.!! The mangers on the phone wasn't listening as they are always very busy place. I came home to sit down to my dinner with my family which my 5.year old was looking forward too. And the curry was EXTRA HOT. so my wife called back to kindly speak to teat so they can resolve out problem and I was shocked to hear the tune of the boss how he was up for a fight and saying come down to my place I will show you? And I think you understand wer this is going. Stay away from this place as we have booked many weddings/party's here before we spent over £8,000 in a year here to get customer service like this not going back ever. 
I have been to many restaurants, Pakistanis and Indian. I can hand on heart say this is the worst food I have had. The mix grill was tasteless and also felt like it has been reheated in a microwave... Not happy. Really disappointed. Sorry it is not in my nature to leave reviews but I had to on this occasion, because of the awful experience I had at this place. 
the food was so so so so bad i cant even explain to bland tasteless butter chicken was white n very sweet i would never go to this restaurant again  
The whole foods are terrible... 
Went with a group of friends ... location is nice and they could do so much better ...there is nothing pleasing about the staff .. we reached 15 min early and had booking but then a guy at reception said to another "put them on the back table " ... offending  
Having visited this restaurant pre lockdown we were looking forward to our takeaway. Unfortunately it was very disappointing. Our enchiladas were delivered barely warm and frankly awful and if l hadn’t been hungry l wouldn’t have eaten it. Very disappointed and won’t be ordering again. 
Stopped here with a friend for a quick drink and chat. Waste of money and time. The service was lacking. Employees spent time talking with friends in Russian. The could not even make proper drinks. You would think I was in some town in California.  
Couldn't care less ! 
Ordered meal and drinks (orange juice & mango lassi) and asked for tap water too. They insisted they did not serve tap water. Only bottled. I told them legally they have to but they talked back very insistently. Popadoms were really oily. Chicken tikka masala tasted worse than a microwave meal. Nothing like a Tina masala. Just tasted of green chilli. Lamb biriyani pretty tasteless. Shame as it was my friend's 30th we were hoping for a nice evening☹️ 
We ordered 10 takeaway meals today. The steak salads were appalling! Iceberg lettuce, few tomatoes, and 2 pieces of cucumber, few pieces of overcooked chewy steak. Definitely not worth more than £3 let alone 13!  
Best to avoid - cold, over cooked hamburgers and slow service. Rare hamburgers were not an option - pity 
Seems like waiters one time watch football and an other time watch cricket loud while people eat. I felt like sitting in a pub not a quite nice restaurant .serviced very appealing and waiters have no idea about customer service.they started cleaning floor with strong bleach and spraying mirrors with strong smelled sprayers while we were eating. In fact the smell and taste of curry was all mixed with the smell of these chemical stuff, I felt I was chewing lamb with bleach and window cleaner. Awful awful awful. Never seen this in my life.i felt like throwing up. Never again will go there. We were told bill was going to be brought to us then an other guy came and told us to go and pay near the door. Is this a restaurant or what?i felt like sitting in a pub with all the screaming. Never again .sort your staff out and service. 
My son and myself went to cafe at the back for breakfast. We ordered Hawaii puris and  
The food quality is quite poor and the prices very high.It's a touristy venue and as such a huge rip-off like Hard rock café or Planet Hollywood.AVOID! 
Never would recommend staff are so stroppy and don't admit there mistake can't cook don't waste your money they think parata should be filled with oil just because you cook it in oil it was literally leaking then there was a hair in my curry fir god sake they rip you off and don't even admit there mistake stroppy staff hygiene is 1 plates have finger prints on it  
Mixed Grill was the worst i have ever had...Every single item (Kebab, Wings & lamb chops smelled horrible Definitely ROtten. Lamb KArahi was tasteless very low quality not fresh at all. Time and money was wasted with 6 of my friends and we all had a Awful time. Very Poor customer service 
This place was like a mexican before.but now service was realy bad this time.Food n Coctails wasnt tasty.I been in this place 15 16 months ago.everythink was amazing.After now I never gonna go there anymore 
I had two hours to kill at the airport before my flight. Ordered a bottle of wine (£55) and decided to use time to do some work. The battery in my laptop was very low and I wanted to plug it into one of sockets. However, the staff would let me to charge the laptop only if I use their charger - safety measure (!?!). Their charger has an old USB port, whereas my MacBook does not have it and I could not use it. I wanted to use my charger - not possible . They suggested that I plug charger into plugs in the common waiting area (no need for safety there??). Though, I could not take my drink with me - not allowed to take from the bar area. The manager was not around and none of senior staff was not available. "Great" service. 
Service in this place was really bad, the worst I experienced in London. The waiter was rude and unacceptably bold. Also the margarita was bad. Avoid if possible.  
Went in for Indian desserts only as normally they serve a rare dessert which is not found in many restaurants. 
I've lived in Slough for over 10 years and finally paid a visit to Kashmir Karahi in saltwell Park earlier this week with a friend . I don't normally write reviews but felt compelled after this visit.  
I phoned and booked in advance, prior to booking the table I stated clearly that I had an allergy to Garlic. The person whom took my booking went and checked that my allergy could be catered for. On his confirmation I placed my booking, we were given our table it was away from the kitchen as they were concerned the smell of garlic would make me ill.  
As I am sitting just having consumed my Crayfish Salad I cannot help but notice the total lack of Hygiene and Food handling knowledge of the staff. 
When I walked in there was a very bad odour in the air - halitosis. This put me off immediately. I sat down and was handed a very sticky menu and having a look around the place it was somewhat rundown looking and I had concerns as to the cleanliness of the restaurant. I was feeling somewhat uncomfortable with my choice. It was also evident that no alcohol was available - and to me having a decent curry always goes hand in hand with a decent pint of beer to wash it down with. Looking at the menu the prices were on the more expensive side and when I realised there was no madras or vindaloo on the menu which is my favourite curry dishes I decided to make my excuses and leave. The place was recommended to me by a colleague but I was put off from the moment I walked in. Bad odour, sticky menus, not very clean tables, lack of dishes I like to eat and no beer - I made the right choice to leave. yucckkk - would not want to go there again. 
We were really looking forward to great Tex Mex, and were comforted by the TA reviews. Unfortunately this place missed the mark by a long long way. It was a quiet night only a couple of other tables yet the service was slow, and the manager on duty gave one of the staff a loud dressing down for us all to hear, very amateurish. 
Food was great, but when are bill arrived for two people was a total of 64 pounds we noticed that there was a 8 pound service charge. I asked what it was for and the waiter stated "service charge". I then asked what that was, he again repeated service charge. I asked if this was a tip and he said no, service charge. I asked if this was a mandatory or if it could be removed and he said no it is not mandatory and it can be removed. He then took it off the bill. I just wonder how many people have missed these "add on charges". What a rip off!!! 
bought a present for my girlfriend, caviar, on my way home. got home two hours later with the cooling element still frozen. After consuming the caviar my girlfriend and I got terribly sick. 
I have never written a review before as I have never had such a compelling reason to do so. I visited the restaurant for dinner, excited for my experience at the wonderfully located restuarant.  
Do not attend this restaurant. we went as a family of 5 and the service was poor. First of all we had to wait 10 mins for a waiter to come over to take our order despite me chasing them around- there were only 2 other tables occupied at the time of our visit so no excuse. The waiters were too busy talking to each other and watching Cricket that they were showing on the TV in the restaurant. we ordered and specifically told the waiter (later on we found out that he is the manager) that as we have kids with us to keep it mild. we ordered a whole load of different variety as we were really hungry. 30 mins later the food turns up and the mild food we ordered was anything but!! we challenged the waiter on this and he swore blind that we said medium and not mild- yeah right! we have a 3 year old eating with us and we are definitely not going to order medium- believe me. we over looked this particular issue- my bro in law then noticed that the portion of lamb chops we ordered- on one of the chops literally had no meat on it and was only bone. we called one of the waiters over to let him know of this and he looked at us as if we were aliens and then said he would come back. 10 mins later still nothing as he was too busy watching the cricket. we then barely finished the meal and I called the manager over and told him the situation. he then went into the kitchen and must of spoke to the chef and came back and advised very rudely that the lamb chop was not like that when he left the kitchen- ok so the waiter has eaten it I guess. Anyways when it came to the bill I asked the manager that it would be unfair to charge me for a bone- he then went and took off 1 Pound-yes 1 pound of the 50 pounds bill!!! to me that was an insult and I paid him the extra pound- at no point was there any remorse, apology or embarrassment. No thank you or please-basically no manners whatsoever. we will not be returning here again and would definitely not recommend it. 
Food pre-cooked and re heated. Customer service very poor. Baltis are full of oil.  
The decoration and the building outside mask the horrible food and service that they got to offer. Upon entering, no one approach or greet us. We had to ask to be seated. Once seated we waited for a good 15 minutes with no one coming by to ask whether we want anything to drink or are we ready to order. Again, had to waive one of the waiter there. This waiter came, look all depressed like his mom just died, doesn't say a word. We proceed to telling him what we wanted and he proceed to writing it down, without saying a word or showing any expression. It felt like we're not welcome there. Upon finish ordering, he just walked away without saying a word on whether we need anything else, etc. Upon bringing out our plates, utensil and the food, I noticed all of our utensils are not clean at all. Food stains were still on the utensils. but it looks like they didn't care when it come to cleaniness and sanity. I again, waived to the same waiter as he's the only one standing around, playing around with his phone. As he walked over, I politely, asked if we can get a different set of spoon. He confirmed my query by repeating "spoon?". Yes, sir, spoon please. Time goes by, he didn't come back with the spoon but standing there playing on his phone. We had to grab a folk from the other empty table to use. The folk got some stain as well...ohh well, let's jsut eat and get the hell outta here... 
One of the worst meals I've ever had in London. I had the 'blue cheese burger', which was shoe-leather dry and completely flavor-less and my boyfriend had the 'mac n cheese', which was an oily taste-less glorp. The service was also slow, rude and unhelpful, despite that fact that the restaurant was near-empty.  
A huge disappointment! The dirtiest restaurant I have ever visited. The tables were filthy! Left the place after 1 min.  
Arrived at the restaurant 
We went there for a good weekend dinner. But the place was not tidy. It was smelly - Smell of Oil (Ghee) in the whole restaurant. So our first impression was bad hence we didn't even like the food. There was another family with few children and they were running all around the restaurant, scattering food all around.  
Gave this place one more chance. Usual rude service. Waiter brought 2 drinks we didn't order. When bill arrived both returned drinks were listed. £8.50 deducted from bill, no apology. I will leave this place to the groups of lads invariably raising hell. Presumably they don't check their bill. Kerching  
What a shocker 
All though I appreciate most people like to take advantage of the good offers. We visited this restaurant tonight with 12 friends. There was no social distancing in place and Crammed us all on one table. the owners seemed hell bent on getting as many customers in as possible. We arrived at 8.30pm and was given popadoms and pickles and a round of drinks. Whilst eating them they tried to off load more drinks by saying we had order them which we had not. After 2 hours our main meal arrived cold. Other tables who arrived later seem to be served. I will not be going here again as the service was extremely poor and you could see the underhand tricks they apply to get your bill up by thinking you won’t notice the extra drinks.  
Terrible service 2 weeks in a row.  
We visited with the intention of using the government 50% off scheme. The restaurant is clearly visible on the government website.  
Whilst I normally love this restaurant, I was horrified at the service I received there on Saturday 10th October. We all know about COVID 19 and the rules.  
We had a table booked at 7pm on 19/8..... restaurant was absolutely packed as it was eat out help out...no tables werre distanced at all.....the waiters didn't wear masks all the time...some had them under their chins. Our waiter was rude too....my plate was taken before I finished my food as they were rushing us off the table to sit others down at 9.30......very disappointed 
We went as a family of 9 to celebrate a birthday., felt a bit squashed on a round sofa table. Dishes are more expensive then other Indian restaurants. We had a number of waiters kept rushing us for our orders. But once once order placed no waiter was around. The soft drinks were hot and watery with no fizz. We called the waiter over about this issue, he didn’t do anything, then another waiter came (maybe management?) he said we had drinks 20 mins ago and he can’t do anything, even tho he could see our glasses were still full, and we were only in restaurant about 20 mins in total!!! We asked for water and nobody would bring this, finished our meal and water still didn’t come.  
Didn’t eat there in the end as disgusted at how we were spoken to by the manager . I made a mistake about the time I thought I had booked. I thought it was at 7.30, turned out it was 8 o’clock. Joking around, the hubby said glad they had found our booking as wife was gonna fight you,everyone was laughing apart from manager who then very abruptly said I’d fight anyone. He then spoke so rudely that we should know what time we had booked. After making everyone feel very uncomfortable we walked out.  
The food was below average the poor quality not an authentic Indian. It’s run by Bangladeshi owners service is not great. The whole experience was awful 
Cocktails did not taste good.  
Not sure if it was to do with lockdown or new chefs, but these days the quality is not the same as it used to be. We used to eat in and order takeaway every week from Ginger spice, food was good before.. The last 3 or 4 times have been very disappointing. Some of the staff are nice guys (the manager is always miserable doesn't even want to make eye contact).. The food is not good any more, Dry bajji's, stale tasting popadoms, watered down mint sauce just to name a few. seems like a lack of love goes in to the food now or they're just making cutbacks? Looking for a new Indian place to dine now, Ginger spice also overcharges. 
First time ordering from here mushroom bahji was not cooked mushrooms were hard chicken dry rice greasy sag aloo salty and found something green and hard in it looked like melted plastic tandoori mixed grill chicken dry and lamb very chewy asked for chicken naga which they don’t do but said they do something very similar the chicken was tough and bland will never give them our money again very disappointing and now I’m sitting on the toilet very expensive 
I have been to ginger spice numerous times and the food was always good , until my last visit which was a take away . 
Been here a few times in the past and found it to be of a reasonable standard, however last night we arrived as a table of 4, the restaurant was at best half full, we waited 1.10hrs for our starters to arrive, 3x king prawn purees, 1 lamb chops. 
Meal order for two first of all went to a table of five, then finally made its way to us, ordered two more beers as food arrived they finally arrived with the bill!! No apology or offer from staff and duty manager, took the 12.5% service charge off bill!! WOW!! 
The service was that slow, bad and inattentive that people were cancelling their food orders because they were going to miss their planes. I don’t know apart from the guy prepping food what any of the staff were doing. Sack email all!!! 
Visited this place on Monday 21st of July 2020 for dinner, been visiting the cafe several times,, I can guarantee they are surviving just coz of the cafe.... Food was mediocre, unlike the cafe, but the service was HORRANDEOUS, asked for naan without butter, it was nicely buttered,the paya had no flavour what so ever tasted like boiled up trotters, the rest was OK nothing extra tasty, But The Service gets full marks on awfulness... The servers don't understand English No smiles what so ever, and the guy at the till thinks he is some kind of God father or somthing,while we were on the till (my son (8 year old) was trying to get some mint) another man was fidgiting with the bulb on top of the till and suddenly the bulb above the till fell right under my sons nose and bursted (thank goodness my son had a lucky escape) but non of the men bothered to say sorry or show any concern, on top the God father wannabe was showing attitude, my son left my phone on the till and he was least bothered, did not bother to point out that we were leaving it behind when my husband realised he said to him, you could atleast tell us the kids leaving the phone behind, the man replied 'we got better things to do like clearing the broken bulb' SHOKINGLY HORRENDOUS, Never ever gonna visit this pathetic restaurant, but will visit the cafe sometimes coz the cafe is much better, what a shame, but boy are they lucky nothing happend to my son... Giving the 1 star for the cafe the restaurant deserves a minus five for service 
Got a takeaway via just eat. Truly aweful.  
Just had a terrible experience at Kashmiri Karachi. Chicken jelfrezi had more eggs than chicken and more peppers than the mixed vegetable we ordered. We found a hair in our naan (a huge one, it was long and black). Complained to multiple waiters who couldn’t understand English. Then complained at the counter when paying, the man just shrugged his shoulders and smiled. No apology, no acknowledgement of any error, as if nothing had even happened.  
Starters of prawns and squid were okay. Very small​ fajitas and BBQ chicken and ribs were tasty. However appalling service. Only 4 customers in the restaurant yet slow service and were given an incorrect mains so eating at different times. Supposed to be 2 4 1 but charged full price for starters. Eventually agreed to honour price but still kept service charge of 12.5% on original price! Cocktails were good at happy hour prices though. A lot better places to visit 
I've been here a few times but this time was the worst it's been. Sat down and ordered drinks which eventually came after a 20 minute wait but wait, the waiter dropped the drinks all over the table and on my gf. Was then told food is running late so it'll be another 20 minutes. In this time we ordered two lots of drinks which believe it or not, didn't arrive at all. I spoke to the waitress and she quickly added it to the bill but yet again came back with only one drink not the two I ordered. Eventually food came and it was cold, tiny portions and was not worth waiting for. Looked as if Some one was cutting costs and emptying other people's plates to come up with another dish. Terrible food. Ordered desserts which was very average and to be honest just wanted to pay the bill and leave. Checked the bill and there were things on there that were not things we ordered plus a 12.5% service charge. We queried it all and got fed up so paid the bill and left. This is one of the worst places I've been too and can't believe it still operates. Unfortunately I don't see it lasting for much longer, terrible terrible terrible 
We were thoroughly disappointed with our trip there for lunch today. My partner and m-i-l used to go there years ago and suggested (for old times' sake) we go back today with our children, as they had always had such a good time there. 
Do not visit. Used to be one of the best places in town, now just mediocre and expensive. Music is still good (it's mostly Rolling Stones - can't fault them for that). You would do better to look elsewhere. 
I have to say the food here is just awful, the currys are full of sauce like it has co e out of some jar, you order starters but it co es out with items changed from what is on the menu, i will not visit this pkace again. The decor is lovely but food is awful 
Absolutely appalled that my daughter went here for her 16th birthday celebration with a few friends who were told that they all had to order a main dish each, even though it would be far too much food! They were spoken to very badly by the waiter and made to feel silly in front of other customers. I have eaten here before and never had a problem sharing dishes. I feel they were discriminated against because they were a group of young girls. Very poor! 
The food is definitely NOT true Indian taste. I being an Indian totally and utterly hated the taste of curries- some how they were sweet and the waiter confirmed that sugar was added to most of the curried dishes served in the restaurant. I will definitely NOT go there again. 
on paper the menu looks good. in reality it is just cheaper than cheap crappy food. 
Arranged to meet with a large group of friends last night to go to this well reviewed restaurant. Checked opening times before we went, supposed to open at 5pm. Met before 6pm but door still locked. Could see someone working through the back in the kitchen so telephoned to ask when they would open but no answer. Eventually the man came to the door and just smiled and said ‘closed” with no explanation. Wasted trip, very disappointing and dreadful communication. A loss of future custom for sure 
Don’t go here If you want to watch any sport, got told by the manager to go to a sports bar if we want to watch the football when asking if they were putting the football on the big screen even though they have 10 screens with the football on.  
Just ordered a take away from this Resturant it arrived 15 mins after we ordered baring in mind we live 10 mins away so they cooked it in 5 mins (obviously microwaved) . We had a korma which was full of black grissle in the chicken and the sauce was like water couldn’t eat it. My husband had chicken dansak which again was like water with no flavour. The onion barjis were awful and even the kids didn’t eat the hard rice. We have ordered from here a few times and really enjoyed it but would never order again. It’s all gone in the bin what a waste of money! 
How shocking that this restaurant have contracted a parking company to fleece the local residents for £60 a time if they park - to pick up their takeaway, alongside the shop. The cable from the camera clearing feeding into the electric through their wall. How underhand. Will never be using again after being regular customers for 30 years. 
Terrible atmosphere in regards to women. Went as a group of 3 women and after a couple of hours, the customers were making inappropriate comments and remarks. The staff attempted to quiet them but mostly men visit so they advised we leave instead of asking the people causing a nuisance to leave. Food was good and drinks were cheap but I felt uncomfortable the entire time and the 'locals' are given freedom to be inappropriate to the women that visit there. 
The resturant was presentable, waiters friendly however the food is very disappointing. The main course was not hot at all, the nan was a little too satly. The meat curries had not enough meat it had too much peppers and onions. The worst indian i had. 
Not impressed. I mean, nice decor, food's quite nice, but service is rude. Waiters not bothered. Then overcharged at the end, questioned it and got an argument. Manager said he knows all the Indian restaurant owners in Hornchurch? What is that supposed to mean. Was with my kids and service was aggressive and rude. Not going back even though it's really convenient to go to for us! 
Their customer service is awful. Ordered two portions of chips through Uber eats. It is then 15 minutes before they send a notification through saying that they won’t be delivering it, despite us already paying for the food! They won’t even pick up the phone so we can arrange a refund or find out why our order is not being sent to us. 
Essentially we were thrown out of the restaurant shortly after 11pm. The whole meal was rushed and the quality poor.  
We used to visit and order takeaways frequently from here. 
Ate here today with 2 friends. Weren't given an itemised bill, service charge of 10% added but in the form of adding it to the cost of each thing we ordered rather than it being separate. I questioned this as it was not disclosed on the menu or verbally before we ordered and ate. I was told they tell some people... Then I was told they add it depending on how much you spend - if the bill comes to less than £15 a head they add a service charge 'to bring up the cost'. Despicable, and I said to her this is something that should be clear to patrons. She told me it was on the menu but I had one right in front of me as I had asked for one to check the cost of the meal as it was obviously higher than expected, I asked her to show me and she couldn't. She was very rude and ended the conversation by saying 'If I see you in here again, I will tell you before.' and walked away. This restaurant is not complying with practice, will never visit again. 
Food arrived promptly. The chow mein was bland and almost powdery and left an unpleasant after taste. The crispy shredded beef was tasteless. The sweet and sour king prawns were eatable. We paid £25 for our meal and left most of it. Will never use this restaurant again. 
For the 4th consecutive time our takeaway order has been missing items. When phoning up every time you are told to come back for the missing item. 
Friendly staff but awful food. Poor choice of wine and also very poor quality although very expensive... 
Every time we go to London we visit this place since after a tiring day a good oasis. The last visit didn’t score points in any direction. The service was mixed between under friendly and over friendly. The waiters very frankly scruffy with one male server being well below any standard expected by a named restaurant. The food was very satisfactory for one of our team but two of us were very unsatisfied. One had a fish which was too salty with no taste and the other was a sirloin steak which was grim, like cardboard with a slight aged smell and a taste to match. Not a good experience and we won’t come back which is rare for us since we used to like the place. 
We’ve used this restaurant for years but the service we had recently means we will never go again. We ordered a take away to collect. Arrived to pick it up and they had made our order twice, in 2 separate bags. Obviously we only wanted one order and weren’t prepared to pay for their mistake of somehow making it twice (the order was £57). The fact that the orders were both exactly the same but in different bags points to two different people making the same order by mistake/unknowingly and then somehow thinking we’d happily pay for and take both. My friend and I pointed this out and said we weren’t paying for both. As the conversation went on more and more waiters surrounded us in the corridor into the restaurant. As 2 women in an empty restaurant (on a Sunday night) this was extremely intimidating. By the end of the conversation we had been patronised and told we were wrong when we clearly weren’t. We left with one order. Granted someone called later in the evening and said it was their mistake but there was no apology and the way we were treated in the restaurant was frankly scary. We’ll never be using them again for a take away or a meal out.  
Worst food in ages in a disorganised and uninspiring place. 
So myself and my boyfriend both ordered the ‘vegan burger’ which stated it had vegan mayonnaise and triple cooked chips. 
Received a take away, it was extremely oily and tasted nasty. The naan was particularly vile and looked like it had been used to clean the floor then deep fried. I called to complain but was told they were too busy to do anything about it. 
Lovely pub but sadly let down by a rude member of staff. Irish, older, larger. Not big on social or communication skills. When Young’s pubs charge a premium, they should really recruit staff that know how to talk to people. Asked to move tables, which is fine! But it’s all in the how. If we’d been asked to move as the area was needed rather than told to move now, that would have been more respectful. Sorry Chertsey, I’ll stick to weybridge! Get your staff right.....it’s so important !  
Visited the restaurant last night with a large group and ordered Chicken Shashlick. I ate the first piece of chicken and it was raw. Cut up the other pieces and all very pink in the middle. I asked for the dish to be removed and showed the waiter why and no apology. The waiter grudgingly offered to recook the dish but as you can imagine having eaten raw chicken I had lost my appetite. If you want to visit a place where there is a chance to serve raw chicken then this restaurant is for you. If not there are plenty of alternative good curry restaurants to chose from. No apology at the time from the staff and apparently when we asked to speak with the manager he was conveniently not available to speak with us. 
Booked a table for 8.00pm last night. First of all put us on a table that wobbled and was very unsteady. Anyway, managed to get moved. Ordered at 8.30. 9.55 meal arrives. Chicken dish with 4 small pieces is chicken and the state of the fish was so overcooked it was like leather. 
I booked the table, once we arrived they gave us the worst table on the room.... we were told there is a children menue. We asked for it, There is none- However they could do smaller sizes she said  
This happened a few years ago, but I didn't know about Trip Advisor then. Now I do..I had a nice lunch with a girlfriend, she had "egg, ham and chips", I had "fish and chips". It wasn't expensive but my friend's came with two eggs, my fish fillet was cut in half.. I asked if I could have the other half, very nicely, the waitress brought it. We had wine too. When we came to pay at the bar, I offered to pay extra for the other small bit of fish. The chef said no, it was ok. 
Let me start by saying that I have been going to the Jalsha, every couple of weeks or so for around 15 years and it WAS my favourite Indian restaurant in the Sidcup/Bexley area by some way. 
First of all I'd like to say that myself and family are regular customers of the Jalsha and have been for many years, we religiously went every Sunday and occasionally in the week plus went there for every special family occasion.  
Take away: written at 23:00 ordered at 19:20 Copy of complaint sent to restaurant. 
We were a party of 20 for a family meal re an 18th birthday. Waiters attitude when taking our order was terrible he could not cope, when the starters came out the birthday persons starter was missing we had all finished our starters and had to ask for a third time where the missing starter was thus making the birthday person have to eat alone. Then the waiter came with our plates for the main meals these were just thrown at us literally I barely caught my daughters plate before it went on the floor!! Main meals came out and just plonked anywhere on the table we had to sort out ourselves and surprise surprise the birthday person had no main meal again! We also had no hot plates on the table to keep any food warm. When we asked for the birthday cake to come out we were told to go sit down no cake arrived so we went to do it ourselves again told what do we think we were doing. 
After eating in this restaurant 3 or 4 times a month, we choose this as a good venue for a belated Christmas/New Year meal with our hard working contractors. We all went there last year and everyone was keen to return. There were nine of us. 
Ordered a delivery online at 6:58pm on Friday 18th November 2016. Received an email confirmation of order. When it was a no show an hour later I called the restaurant to be told that it was 10 minutes away. 30 minutes later, still no show I called again to be told the online delivery never got through to them - they took the order over the phone - I asked for a discount and was told 'we'll see what we can do' - when I was still waiting 30 mins later I called to be told it was just leaving - I asked what the discount would be and was told £1 off! I was not impressed- they took 15 mins to turn up - lost appetite by then and demanded a much better discount or they can take it away ... they took it away!!!! Will never order from this crowd again. 
Sad to say this was a bad customer experience. Food that friends raved about was mediocre. Staff pleasant and location was great but the Manager was something else and probably the rudest man I have ever met in the hospitality sector, maybe Gordon Ramsay should pay a visit. 
we have visited this restaurant mant times . never so bad as sunday. 
Just walked in on Friday 14 Oct and asked for a table for 2 people. Despite the restaurant being totally empty except one table (in the large front section restaurant), they wanted to seat was right next to the only other large occupied table. 
This was a family get-together and this place had seating available as it was left to the last minute in booking.  
Food was nice ice cream was terrible the waiter was a weirdo and made me feel uncomfortable by staring at me 
A group of us visited The Crown for some food. It was quite a nice day so we decided to sit outside; there was no music on and the tv was off so my friend's husband decided to put it on for some music. He turned it on and sat down again. A few minutes later a member of staff came out and was extremely rude to us. He said that by turning on the tv we had messed up the whole tv system for the establishment and he now had to call out an engineer. We apologised and explained that we didn't realise. He then continued saying that we should have come in and asked for the radio to be put on, again we apologised for causing an inconvenience. He then repeated about having to call out an engineer and then looked at my friend's husband and put his thumb up and said thanks a lot for that mate. We again apologised. The rudeness continued and we were made to feel extremely uncomfortable.  
The place needs a cleaner and the health inspector should visit the kitchens as the only time I ate there I vomitted and there was no live music which was another disappointment.The food is as terrible as the decor and the staff as they did not give me a discount or reimburse me. 
Hotel room was dirty I will not go into details what we found in my bed. 
Very poor experience here when going for dinner on a recent friday evening. It was just after 6 and there were plenty of empty tables but we were told we could not eat inside. The place looked nice and it was a warm evening so we settled on sitting outside. Having chosen from the menu, I made the reasonably long walk to the bar to order. My partners choice, buttermilk chicken, was met with the response "we don't do that anymore". I pointed out it was on the menu, to which the barman laughed and said "I've no idea why it's still there, we haven't sold it for ages". with the order changed, I went for ham hock. HAM hock. That pink meat, right? what I received was some perfectly tasty brown pulled pork with a barbecue sauce. Edible if fatty - but not pork. I pointed this out to a waitress, who then got me the manager who just insisted "it's definitely ham hock. It has a bone, so I know it's the ham". I said "perhaps it has not been cured" and I was looked at like I had a serious mental illness. I was offered a substitute dish, but declined following this treatment. I left, waving some fingers in the air (which have bones in them - it doesn't make them Ham though!!!!) 
Have been a long term customer of this restaurant and it's not up to its usual standard any more. Don't know what's changed, chef / manager, but was disappointed and won't be going again any time soon. Not made to feel comfortable like we usually were. Wasn't very welcoming. It's a shame as it was a lovely restaurant for a long time.  
Have been visiting Jalsha for 30 years or more, when they were in Sidcup HIgh St, and then moved to the bottom of Sidcup! Tonight 08/04/16 booked a table for 10 for my birthday for 7.30! We were all sat chatting and had our poppadums and drinks, then ordered our main courses, which we waited for until 9.30pm, 2 hours after we were first seated! We asked a couple of times just before and after 9pm when the food could be expected and was told it's just coming! Well at 9.30pm it arrived and we started to serve up, a couple of dishes were ok but the majority of it was stone cold in hot bowls! When we asked if they could warm up the food, they came and stripped the table of all of the food and said they would go and cook some more, but we had had enough! So we got up and left, on way out the young chap in a suit (he's relatively new asked what was going on, he never once said sorry or we recompense)! Apparently I've found out just now from talking to a complete stranger in Tesco's where I was picking up a couple of loaves so I could to Tea and toast for my family, that the business has been soldout! So it's new management, and I'm afraid they have a lot to learn! Very disappointing and to not even have an apology! It wasn't the waiters fault at all, very bad management! Will never, ever go again! Oh and my sister was worried because we didn't pay for the drinks we had had, I don't think so eh? 
This evening at 7:30pm we visited the Jalsha for our Aunts birthday, we have been visiting this restaurant for 30years and have never had a problem with it before. 
It looked lovely and cosy from the outside but attitude of waitress was horrendous. I asked if there was a gluten free option and the response was “if it doesn’t say GF it isn’t OK?”. There was zero info about allergies and asked to ask staff member! Open fire is very cosy and I was looking at booking a night at the hotel but after that attitude I would rather stay at Battersea Dog home. We went a further down the road and had a lovely meal at The Kingfisher 
Had been to another Hawksmoor a few years ago so looking forward to this birthday treat. What a disappointment. The restaurant is in a basement with no windows and minimal decor. Had Prosecco to start (£7.50 per glass) and then tried to decide which steak to have. The waiter was very helpful guiding us to the most expensive cuts. We were 3 couples each pair ordering a different steak to share (£80 £78 £50) but when they arrived we were certainly disappointed by the size - much smaller that the uncooked weight would have suggested. One steak was luke warm and was sent back. Vegetables (minimum £4.50 each) appeared in very small dishes - at the most 2 mouthfuls. We had individual drinks to keep the cost down(!). For 3 couples the total bill was about £480 - not value for money 
After visiting this place, I can safely say that I will never visit again. 
We were sat out the way and it wasn't busy! 
Made a New Years Eve booking 2014 and on arrival they tried to deny that the booking (and deposit) had been made but did find us a table eventually. Service was poor but food OK so thought we would give it a second chance and book again for this Year. Booked in July and told to pay deposit any time. Received a phone call from (I assume) the Manager in October saying the waiter who took our booking made a mistake and they were fully booked and we were cancelled (I assume again for one of their regulars). If you think you have a booking don't believe it until you get there and even then don't be surprised if it's denied. There is a reason why this restaurant isn't in the top 10 in Sidcup and this is one of them (as well as the rude staff and poor service). 
We were regular customers of the Jalsha and had always found their food good quality, however recently the standard of our takeaway was so poor we had to complain, and it has to be really bad for me to complain, I'll put up with a lot! Our food arrived so late it was stone cold and the naan bread was cooked to a crisp and literally inedible (unless you wanted to break your teeth!). So on this occasion we decided we had to call and complain and were pleased when the manager Ali was apologetic and offered that our next takeaway would be free. We had thought this showed they cared about the mistake and enough about our custom that we were happy with this outcome. 
Visited for Sunday roast 5th Jan. I thought a steak house would have a decent cut and be able to present a good roast. Mistaken. 
A group of us decided to attend the Freddie Mercury tribute night and booked a table for 7.30. We had poppadoms as an appetiser and opted out of a starter and went straight for the main course. At 8.50pm our food still hadn't arrived and I politely asked one of the waiters as to how long it would be before dinner was served. He said it 'was coming' to which I asked 'how long?' This is a reasonable question to ask! He snapped back and said that 'other people were before us and we had to wait our turn'. In actual fact, our table were the first to be seated and others after us had ordered their dinner and finished their food before we had even got ours. Eventually it turned up at 9.15pm; an hour and 45 minutes after we arrived. I had the Tandoori Mixed Grill and it was bland in taste and undercooked. At closer inspection, my chicken was pink inside. It was pushing 10pm and I had given up by this point. I paid my bill and left. In terms of the tribute act, it was tacky and far too loud, that it was impossible to hold any sort of conversation even with the person sitting right next to you. The staff were rude and aggressive, especially when taking your order. And they would happily lean over you when cleaning tables, taking plates etc, without even saying a simple 'excuse me'. The restaurant itself is dated and tired looking. I will never go back. Avoid at all costs. 
Having stayed at the Hotel twice in the last 6 months and eaten and drunk there several times also. The pub has always been really relaxed and good food and atmosphere.  
The exterior looked oldy worldy and enticing. We sat in the bar area as had my dog. The music was bad and loud and off putting but hey looked like it would have wholesome pub grub.... how wrong we were!  
Visited the restaurant yesterday evening with my son and wife. The choice on offer was ok, albeit, not particularly extensive for children. We had scallops followed by steak which was average to say the least. The waitress recommended wines which again were underwhelming despite the price. 
Just Awful Food,Avoid!!!!!!!!!! burnt Food,Poor Presentation,can't say anything good about the food it must be the worst we have eaton,try anywhere but this place. 
I have been here during the week a number of times, usually with a large group from work. The food is usually very nice and I have had no complaints.  
Like the title says. Very poor quality Malaysian food. Just a bit rotten, old, stanky...putrid. 
My problem is not with the food as I’ve consistently had great meals at Hawksmoor restaurants over the years. For the first time ever I’d not managed to book ahead for our day out in London today. I wasn’t sure how the bar food worked so called ahead a couple of days prior to ask and told them when we’d be coming (about 5pm so not even at peak time). I was told unequivocally that we could just walk in for the bar food and though there may be a wait depending on how busy they were that we would definitely be able to get a table and some dinner either in the bar or possibly even the restaurant. We therefore traipsed specifically to Hawksmoor from the Royal Albert Hall really looking forward to some dinner only to be told that they would not be able to accommodate us at all. This despite there clearly being a number of free tables in the bar. I explained about calling ahead and what I was told but she was not remotely interested. It had been such a lovely day out and this put a huge dampener on our day. If you cannot guarantee someone a place in the bar for something to eat then you shouldn’t promise as such. If I’d not phoned ahead to ask this very question then I wouldn’t have any right to complain but as I did say it’s left a bad taste in the mouth which is a shame as I’ve always been a fan of the restaurants. 
Went there on Thursday 1st May,having been going there for years. I don't know what has happened,the staff were rude,the food was cold,plates cleared before we had finished and had to ask for them back.Would not return and I can't say clearly enough find somewhere else.!! 
There were 5 of us, including 2 very young children. We thought we would try this one again, after giving it a miss for a year or so, to see if it had improved. It hasn't. 
Worst meal ever meat was microwaved the owner talks way too much about how good his food is to lure you in on top of that it was very expensive for what it was ! The owner is delusional ! 
My family and I decided to go to eat at this place as we had just done a lot of shopping and were tired. We arrived and ordered the food on display. The food tasted horrible and was cold. The owner got annoyed when we asked for it to be re heated. I do not recommend this place as the radiator is hanging of the wall, the toilet is out of order and the staff are extremely disorganised. 
Visited this restaurant June 2017. The mood was poor from the start when a waiter had to be told twice to take us to a table. When the staff had finished arguing we were eventually seated. 
Been to this restaurant 6 times, usually very good, Booked Valentines day based on this and and WHAT A JOKE ! Was not told about a useless selection set menu on booking. NO VEGETARIAN OPTION ! Charges added for a chutney / poppadom starter that was NOT stated on the menu and not asked for! Unfortunately for a such a previously great local restaurant we will NEVER be visiting again based on this valentines scam where you get small dishes that are not to your taste, side orders you don't wan't and a tiny starter selection most of which is cheap useless rubbish. Whoever is pulling the purse strings on valentines day and takes fixed menu bookings without telling people needs to quit their job and let the restaurant do what it used to do best if they hope to regain custom. 
Very dissapointed with their service no experience at all how to handle a big group booking got our orders wrong food was delayed few dishes were absolutely cold it was a disaster! 
I just hate being made to feel insignificant. Loud,typical essex clientele, ordering champagne and getting louder and more ostentatious by the sip. Felt like we didn't even want to finish our food as the atmosphere was becoming uncomfortable. (All due to one table) left half of dinner and sat in the lounge to finish our drinks. When i spoke to the manager he shrugged his shoulders and blatantly said "they are spending money"  
I visited the Jalsha this afternoon to have their Sunday buffet lunch. Whilst ordering our food we heard 2 other customers complaining that they had found glass in their food but because of how serious this was we believed we had misheard what had been said. Our starters shortly arrived after and one bite into my partners food he also found a piece of glass. The staff had no reasoning and weren’t apologetic at all, I will not be visiting again and this is appalling. I can’t even begin to imagine the state of the kitchen. 
Yes you read the title correctly.. GLASS was found inside my chicken starter, this is a major health & safety hazard which needs to be addressed! I need an explanation please before i take this further! 
I used to love going to this restaurant, in fact it was our ‘go-to’ Indian restaurant - not any more. The staff are not as friendly and the food is not as good. I’m sure this restaurant has changed hands in recent years. 
Really disappointed with our takeaway. Watered down mango chutney and given the wrong rice - wouldn't be too much of a problem if I wasn't allergic to mushrooms! Phoned to sort out but manager was worse than useless. All they offered was for me to come back and get the right one while the rest of the food goes cold. Much better Indians in Romford and with far better customer service. Sorry Indian Ocean we'll stick with you next time. 
Not the best Indian I've ever had! Nan breads were burnt on one side, all the food was cold, shame as pics of restaurant looked good and meat was good quality £30 for 2 meals and when restaurant was contacted we were offered 20% off next order!! Sadly won't be ordering from here again  
After being recommended by work colleague I decided to cancel my local Indian, what a MASSIVE MISTAKE. The food was average and that's being nice/service was poor and when we were asked to leave our table and sit in the bar to clearly free our table up, this was the last straw & last visit I'll make to this restaurant. Strongly recommend you DON'T visit this restaurant ! 
There is a waitress who is short, I think she is Chinese not even Japanese, she is very very very very very very very rude, bossy, irritated and high handed. She totally ruined our dinner.  
Probably one of the most disappointing Japanese meals I have ever had. Since I lived in Japan for 20 years, I know what good Japanese food is supposed to be like. 
Oh well after emails from Youngs to remind me The Crown were participating in the 'Eat out to help out' scheme my Wife and I decided to book a table. We entered the pub at the front door as requested and waited to be seated. At this point 17.25 the restaurant didnt appear that busy.n Anyway we were put about as far away from the actual restaurant area at a table for 2. And thats where we waited for 25 minutes until we decided to leave. We had not been asked if we wanted a drink or food so we got fed up waiting........kebab was nicem 
Came here tonight and had 2 double vodka redbulls... and was charged £24.40p which is extremely over the top price indeed... How you get away with charging that price...  
The worst service Japanese restaurant I’ve ever been to in London. Waitress( or maybe she’s the manager) was very rude to customer and rushed us to order. When I asking if I can have 2 more minutes to see the menu, she was rolling her eyes to me right on the table. I would much more prefer spend my money in a restaurant do knows respect their customers. 
I was a regular customer here before the coronavirus, decided to return for first curry in 6 months. 
A complete rip off - the food was terrible - rude waiters and utterly waste of money - I live in the area and I will not be going back 
2 of us visited on a Wed night. Thought we would have a choice of set menu or main menu. Miserable Staff. Ordered Sheek kebab x 2, very tough and did not seem fresh (seemed re-heated) 1 salmon meal (again totally over cooked or re-heated as again tough) a curry sauce (bright red and sweet, disgusting - didn't have an Indian flavour at all). 1 Breast of chicken dish which was covered in red sauce again! Nothing authentic about this place at all. Really loud Slade "Merry Christmas" music being piped through. Had 1 pint of cobra, 1 large bottle of water and 2 coffees and for that disastrous experience we were billed £70.51. Would never go back. A rip off. As we were leaving table next to us were being served - every dish was bright red! They also said their Wednesday night Special Menu wasnt available....I wonder why. 
This restaurant is arguably the best Japanese in the close vicinity of Hammersmith for those who are willing to accept the following terms and conditions!  
Steak was excellent but the service was terrible. The bar ran out of non alcoholic beer after serving only two bottles of non alcoholic. When the food arrived, trying to get a server's attention was a painfully long process. At one point there were two ladies who were more interested in checking the stitching on a rucksack handle they were holding (in full view of our tables), rather than making sure everyone at the table had drinks etc. I had an empty wine glass removed as I was informed it was dirty and it wasn't replaced until I had requested a replacement at least twice. I was really looking forward to eating here as had heard positive reviews but due to my own experience, I won't be returning. 
Don't visit this place if you have a young child or anyone that may annoy the owner. Visited during week day before anyone else came into restaurant as she was only 2 years old.. Never been thrown out of restaurant before for child being boisterous and to say I was shocked by his behaviour and rudeness is an understatement.. Fully support all our local restaurants in worcester park and have visited most with our daughter with no issues so find it incredulous that businesses like this who need support of local community feel the need to be so anti children. 
We are very regular visitors to Hawksmoor however last night was the last time we will ever go back. We were greeted by the door by Adam, so welcome and in normal Hawksmoor style. We ordered our meal and service was fantastic, starter brilliant and then our steaks arrived. My husbands steak was very good and mine slightly over cooked which our server took away immediately and said she will have it replaced. 3 mins later ANITA the manager returned with the steak and argued it was medium rare. We said it is not, she decided to continue to to argue and then said “I don’t like the way you speak to me”.... maybe I missed something as I have never been bullied by a manager in a restaurant. Adam tried to fix it but our dinner was completely spoiled. As we walked out Anita once again decided to say her last piece... “ you know the steak was cooked correctly”. Hawksmoor these people kill your business. What a shame. Made our hotel - Franklin aware as they recommended you. They should not recommend you.  
The worst meal I've ever had. Based on: Value/quality/presentation. Maybe the more expensive courses are better but based on the £28 one don't bother!!!! 
My friend and I who are both working as chefs went Easter Monday for what we thought would be a nice lunch for my first and last time at a Hawksmoor. Obviously they hadn’t been checking they’re produce over the long weekend/trying to use things once it had already been past it’s prime to not to waste money. 
Synopsis. 30 minutes after arriving no one so much as looked as us, so we walked out. This is very much a restaurant for ‘regulars’, not locals. If you come here do so at your own risk, and allow plenty of time, possibly infinite. 
The food took over 2 hours to arrive, no apology. The food was some of the worst Indian food I have tasted. The food tasted bland and plasticy. Will never order from here again. 
Extremely average restaurant, food was overpriced for it portion sizes and what it is. Very disappointed with what we were given. Food was ordinarily done not authentic at all like any other reviews suggested. will not go back again. 
I ordered 2 chicken kormas for my 2 boys and it was far too hot and spicy!!! Quick delivery but now i know why!!! Too spicy and go sent the wrong stuff!! Appaling!! Avoid as much as u can!!!!Warning if u order from what u think is asia spice. THIS IS NOT THEM. DISCUSTING FOOD!!! 
I was told that this restaurant had a very good reputation for steaks. Having taken my mother out for her birthday dinner to Hawksmoor I expected to have a decent steak.i was so disappointed with my meal and so was my mother who chose to have a burger instead. The filet steak which I had was very ACIDIC in taste and it didn't taste fresh at all. It was camouflaged with a charcoal smoke to it but still the taste was very bad. I was shocked as I only heard good things about this restaurant. My mum's burger also was not fresh and tasted bad. After a bill of £120 for three people I was astounded at the poor quality of meat which was served. I am not coming back here. Best to stick with places I know which serve decent food.  
What a waste of time !! Don't bother waisting your money the menu reads really well and interesting and that's about as good as it gets. The food is below average and staff are rude and not accommodating in any way as they say if it's not in the menu they won't do it. Also some plastic found in our starters and not even an apology, waste of time and money Don't do it. 
If only the food was as good as the decor! 
Went here once won't bother for a second visit. Food OK. £5 for a bottle of still water ! Waiters are rude and indifferent very impersonal. Its back to passage to India in upminster bridge for us. Don't bother with it cos the staff clearly couldn't give a chapatti if you go or not . 
Sat night and searched Trip Advisior for a good takeaway in Romford. 
My family and I ordered from here and they took the order after saying they were taking orders, they took our money and never delivered. The shop was completely closed when we went to the restaurant. We are unsure of the situation but all we know is they did not deliver. 
Ok so we had a takeaway from Ginger spice and saying we were thouroughly dissapointment was an understatement. 
Wow, I can’t really find the words to describe my experience here. I’ve never had such poor service in my life! 
So disappointing. What was once the pinnacle of Lebanese dining in Weybridge (well they are the only one) is now an embarrassment. COVID brings the best and worst out in people and in this case it was the bizarre. If you like waiting over an hour for starters and then being told that you are fussy then this is the place for you. If you like the suspense of the owner feeling like she will knife you if you complain , then again this is the place for you. Please spare a moment for the staff, if this place gets shut down it might give them a chance to be happy. 
After ordering our meal we were told delivery would be an hour. After two hours, my wife decided to call the restaurant to politely ask when we would expect the food to arrive only to be snapped at by the lady who said ‘the driver is outside now, there are too many traffic lights’. An hour later and still no food but the restaurant decided to take the phone off the hook to avoid any calls. I therefore had to drive to the restaurant to pick up the meal and by the time I got him it was cold. Expensive food you would find in most other Lebanese shops for half the price. 
Went there hoping for Italian food. It was expensive and a terrible menu. Tiny entree serve calamari 12 pounds. We hoped for pizza and a range of Italian food . The mains menu had two pasta dishes both 2/10. The rest was Hamburgers . Extremely poor, small and nearly 16 pounds each. 
So against my better judgement after my last visit, I met some friends there. The music they play is great however the bar staff are appalling , actually offensive. They clearly hate customers. 
Absolutely awful service, after being ignored when we first arrived at the restaurant we should have known we had made a mistake. We were eventually reluctantly taken to our table we had booked and told the menus would be following. The restaurant was clearly not acknowledging social distance measures either and the tables were all squashed closely together. We were sat without any menus, or drinks for 50minutes. Being completely ignored, it was clear they were short staffed and the staff that were there were not welcoming or happy to be there at all. After 50 minutes of being ignored, still not having received a drink or a menu we decided to walk out. I can assure you I will never set foot there again. 
I would not recommend this restaurant. There was no social distancing and no PPE worn by any of the staff. The owner was rude and dismissive. While the food was good, the rest of our experience was poor.  
We were shown to our table, given a menu and then didn't see anyone for at least 15 minutes - the server arrived and asked if we were ready to order - we hadn't even got a drink in front of us yet. Everything seemed such an effort and to me it seemed that the people sitting outside were getting the attention and not those who had booked. There was so much wrong with the whole experience - poor poor service in every respect and although I must say the food was fine, everything else wasn't. We didn't get an opportunity to order any further drinks, our water jug was empty for ages, we didn't see anyone to ask to have it refilled and after another long wait we were asked if we wanted desert. We were given the desert menu and then nobody came back to take our order. The owner was swanning around chatting to people she obviously new rather than keeping an eye on all her customers and ensuring we were being looked after. I didnt want to make a fuss as my sons were taking us out but we all agreed it was the worst service we have had . We wont be going back and if you are thinking of going and expect decent service then think again. We were abandoned from beginning to end, a really horrible experience and they should be ashamed of themselves. 
I don’t like to write negative reviews, especially whilst we are living through such difficult times for the hospitality industry. I have to make an exception here as despite being polite in pointing out that we didn’t want our main course whilst we were still eating the starter that had just arrived we were treated like criminals - oh I did I mention the last part or our mixed starter for 6 at £30 a head came up after the main course. The main was taken away and (allegedly) recooked but from that point the attitude of the staff (except the 2 day in member) was hostile and dismissive. We remained civil and polite in our complaints but only got excuses and a dismissive apology. After a £42 a head bill we left, giving the one member of staff that deserved it a cash tip. A poor experience that impacted our night significantly 
Terrible,  
Disgusting. Had a better Chinese in a Indian restaurant. The beef had a texture of a used condom. Best part of meal was scrapping in bin and going maccy ds. Swiftly swerve. 
Place is awful, no clear hygiene or social distancing rules, After waiting for 20 minutes somebody came for the order. Lady was rude with an unwelcoming look and tone, We ordered wine and starters, Again kept on waiting for another 20 minutes without any service. I could see that waitress faffing around the bar, chatting. NO DRINKS! That is when we decided to walk off from this dreadful, miserable restaurant. NEVER AGAIN! 
Thought I'd give this restaurant a try as I have always been meaning to given that we live locally. We were kept waiting at the door for a good 6 to 7 minutes without any acknowledgement. A lady ahead of us has the same story to tell when we asked her. The place looked very big from inside and all I saw in terms of staff working were two people. The thing that struck me most odd was that this was the first restaurant that I have been in and to see not a single table were the customers were eating. No staff walking around taking orders or serving food. Everyone just seem to be munching on nuts or waiting with the menu in their hands. In the end we walked up to the lady working and asked her to cancel our booking and left. So thats the first and the last time we will be going there again 
I was so upset, angry and distressed with this experience. I wanted to take my partner somewhere nice for our anniversary (and first meal out since lockdown began). I had been to Meejanas before several years ago and it was wonderful. This time was the complete opposite. We had booked ahead and were offered a choice of two tables - both of which were directly by another table, so not conforming to social distancing recommendations. We were brought menus promptly - but thereafter, were completely and utterly ignored by the staff. Tables near us were offered water and other drinks, patrons who arrived after us had their orders taken, and the table next to us had their dishes cleared. No one even offered us a glass of water. The restaurant wasn't rammed to the rafters, so they couldn't cite business as an excuse. It would have made all the difference if someone had popped over to say they would be with us shortly or were sorry for the wait, but we got nothing. After HALF AN HOUR of literally no contact from any staff - despite us making significant eye contact with the manager! - we decided to leave and had a lovely meal at Pizza Express instead. I don't know if this treatment was due to the fact that we are a lesbian couple - there was no overt homophobia but we never know, unfortunately. I'm honestly still really shocked about it - we wanted to support a local independent business and it was like they couldn't care less about us. I'll never be going back there. 
I'd like to say that I enjoyed lunch at Meejana but after booking for a noon brunch/ lunch through the website, I turned up with my parents who had been visiting from the West Country to find the restaurant was closed. Enjoyed a lovely Nepalese lunch down the road instead. A shame - the menu looked good. 
Do not eat here unless you are a billionaire on a diet. 
Visited with my children and Dad, first visit to a cafe / restaurant in 4.5 months due to lockdown ... got one meal of the four!!  
We were visitors with friends on a Tuesday in April with a 7pm online reservation. Confirmation by email received but when we arrived, there was no booking acknowledged. Anyway, although a group of 7, we had a table. 
Absolutely deplorable service - or the lack of it. Seated for 20 minutes in a half empty restaurant and eventually had to get up and leave. One of the hottest days of the year and not even the offer of a drink when you arrive. Challenged one of the team on the way out about the total lack of service or even acknowledgement - blank - very disorganised and lacked any sense of customer focus or urgency. Avoid at all costs.  
I don’t know where to start, this restaurant is quite simply awful! The way the manager spoke to the staff was disgusting, I’ve never seen such poor managing skills and customer service. I felt bad for the young girls working there, all I could hear in the kitchen was the manager screaming at the staff. The staff seemed overly stressed and this affected the service of my dinner. Although the food was fine, if I could give this zero stars I would! Absolutely would not recommend a very stressful meal for my friends and I, treats everyone so poorly! 
After many years of frequenting this pub/restaurant after work I won't be going here again. Tonight we went there for drinks and dinner. And they refused to serve dinner as they had a 'big party'.... What kind of pub is this? No notice on door or anything. That is one thing but the killer for me is manager who I personally spoke with to express my dissatisfaction was particularly rude, cold, brusque and really didn't care. Neither did his staff. I will definitely look for a new work haunt and will tell my colleagues to too... Lost a lot of corporate business...  
I was a regular customer for years however recently I have been very dissappointed and I will no longer be a customer. Since the refurbishment this resuartant has gone downhill. Firstly, the restaurant remained open during that time and dust and workmen in during opening times - we were never offered a drink or apology for the inconvenience but I accepted this as being a special situation - now I see that as the start of the demise. Profit is clearly being put before quality and customer expericence. Last week my son ordered the "steak pie" - when it arrived it was "steak and mushroom" - he does not eat mushrooms so it was wasted. Many people are allergic to mushrooms so this is very misleading and dangerous. Today we were back again (3 adults) for breakfast - two tea cakes and a portion of toast arrived. I queried the tea cakes as we ordered granary toast, with the waitress but she did not see any issue then I took the "granary toast" to reception and they said it was a mistake and that we could eat them after our breakfast "on the house, as they were going to throw them away otherways" - Fine I accepted. Then 5 minutes later the tea cakes and toast were taken off our table and brought back into the kitchen - we were told they were for another customer. I understood that these would now be put onto the table of the correct customer despite us touching them. After now reading some of the other reviews I do not feel confident that food standards and hygiene are being followed at this restaurant. At the moment I feel quite nausaus and I do hope its just as a result of my experience rather than anything serious. 
Came here on a recommendation, we were greeted well and given a menu. Our order was quickly taken but the waitress had to get somebody to help her as I ordered the steak pie but did not want seasonal vegetables (I only enjoy a few selected vegetables). They understood my request and we waited our meal. What a shock I had when my steak pie was not a steak pie but full of vegetables with just four small pieces of meat. As we were in a hurry, I ate it but did not enjoy it. It is very misleading to give you a vegetable and steak pie when the menu clearly said Steak Pie. If the pie is Steak and Kidney you say so, so should do the same if it is Steak and Vegetable. But this was made worse by the fact I said no vegetables as I didn’t like them, and the staff did not warn me the pie was effectively mainly vegetables.  
Having once ordered before from this cafe, I found a HAIR in my sausage...disgusting and annoyed that I didn't take a picture now but not the only person on here picking up on their poor hygiene. I was willing to let that slip being a one-off however yesterday after a two-hour wait on a Deliveroo I contacted Walnuts to ask if there was a solution and was told "it's not their problem and to contact deliveroo" during this call I was told the food had just been picked up and was on its way to me. 40 minutes later still nothing. After contacting deliveroo (also 20-minute wait) was now also told by them it was on the way. So was lied to originally by Walnuts as its not a 40 minute journey. Then after a two-hour wait (the fault of a Deliveroo driver) the food turned up and it was stone cold. Would not even touch it. So phoned them up and was told the same thing as before, clearly they couldn't care less about the customer experience and seemed to forget I had paid money for this. I would have thought they have a system in place to make sure the food, even when waiting for a delivery driver does still leave warm and not left for nearly 2 hours to go cold! Seems the only thing they care about is making money and couldn't care less about their customer service, so will be avoiding in the future! 
We had dinner with my wife and the food quality was really bad no taste and very small portion. I had a pad Thai and my wife a ramen. Both were not good at all. The service was average. Young people not caring about the brand or anything. The place start getting old and chubby. It's definitely not the same place where I used to go three years ago. I won't return to this chain ever again.  
My husband and I thought we would try out Walnuts for lunch on Friday. We sat outside to make the most of the sunshine. We ordered our drinks and then our food separately. The drinks came quickly and efficiently served by Jennifer, who was a lovely waitress. However, when we had almost finished our second round of drinks and being aware that others around us had been served and finished their meals, we realised it had been 35 mins since we’d ordered our food. We spoke to one of the staff who told us that something had gone wrong with the gammon ordered so they had to cook it again. When a further 5-10 mins later we saw other dishes coming out we asked Jennifer if she would find out what was happening with our meals. She was very apologetic and went to the kitchen to find out. She waved over after coming out from the kitchen to say it was nearly ready. 
Quite possibly actually it is the worst place I've come too. 
A fantastic venue  
It's not often you come across a place with absolute contempt for its customers, so in that regard the Garden Bar is a shining example. 
If I could give this place no stars I think even that would be generous! To look at the place, it's great - pretty little garden, nice comfortable space inside, but the staff, in particular the manager, have no idea what customer service is. 
visited this place on the evening of Thursday 18th December at about 9pm. 
Visited with friends for lunch. Unfortunately after half an hour a large team of workmen arrived to remove the frontage of the shop. The noise was horrendous and the smell of burning from the drills was terrible causing some people to walk out before ordering. As we left it was hazardous trying to get out with tools, circular saw, wires etc all over the floor. I’m pretty sure that it is illegal to carry out works like this while customers are on site and not in line with health and safety standards. 
Been here before and has been great this morning was a different story. Breakfast took a while to come that’s fine it’s being freshly prepared. The hash brown was stone cold I called the waitress over she took them off us with her bare hands and said she’d get them heated up. They were returned in bowl needless to say they stayed there. The bacon was cold and could be broken in half, the sausage was cold and so was the grilled tomato. Gave feedback apologised but not interested and charged in full. I’m wondering if it’s changed hands was so poor. I’d never go back the warning signs were there it was almost empty and before it was always packed. Don’t waste your money! Doesn’t even deserve one star!  
My four year old child and I headed to the Walnut for a cooked breakfast. I asked if there was childrens menu and was told I could pick items and they would make it up. I picked sausage, beans, scrambled egg and toast. She advised it would come to £5.80. I commented this was quite expensive for a childrens breakfast (The Chunky Teapot does one at £4). She agreed to do it for a £5 and when the breakfast arrived they were adult portions - he clearly wasnt going to eat all of and he didnt. My veggie breakfast was ok but not fantastic and not pipping hot.At the till I commented that it would good to have a breakfast aimed at children with the appropriate sized portions. She was really dismissive!! I think it is over priced when you compare locally. I spent £15 and if I had gone to The chunky Teapot it would have been under £10. I will not be returning. 
This is the time to write my complain, because how you preparing and organise the take away orders is terrible! Is not the first time, every second time you making mistake and is really annoying ! I ordered my fully loaded english breakfast without grilled tomatoes,without mushrooms, without hash browns,without bean sauce, and i paid extra charge for 1 extra egg and 1 extra sausage ! And i get it with all of the mushrooms,hash browns,grilled tomatoes,and with beans,but without my extra sausage and egg!! Is terrible,i don't know is the FOH mistake or BOH mistake but my order totally clean all the time , and is all the time mistake ! We not gonna order from you anymore ! Thank you . Mark  
I arrived early in Sidcup so popped in here having 30 minutes to spare. Said to the waiter that I only wanted tea and toast. 10 mins later the Waitress took my order. She came back quickly with the tea and knife and butter for my pending toast. After another very long ten mins, having drank my tea - still no toast. I asked the waiter if I could take it away but he and the waitress just scurried off to the kitchen, never to be seen again. I just paid for my tea and left empty handed. They are quick to give you your food if they know you - they’re not going to be knowing me!!! 
Never again! Walked in for lunch the place was empty. Dirty table in the corner when the place was empty wasn't the best first impression. Was waiting to be asked if we wanted any drinks or if we were ready to order whilst who I can only presume would be the owner was taking a business call in full view of us and neglecting us as customers. So my Dad and I both thought we'd most likely get better service elsewhere as we were in a bit of a rush for a quick lunch. Once we got up to leave the manager/owner then obviously saw us getting up decided to ask if we were ready to order in which I replied. 'Don't worry mate go back to your call which is obviously more important'. His response was 'well I do have a business to run' I'm sure you do but you won't have if this is the sort of customer service you provide. Absolute joke! Couldn't you have looked after the only 2 customers that you had in your restaurant and taken the call out the back in your office once we left? Very odd and with that attitude hardly surprising your restaurant was empty! I am Lebanese myself and this is why I thought we should give this a try. Book yourself a trip to Lebanon and see how it's done properly would be my only advise to the Manager of this place.  
We was 4 people in this place.The food was alright but service too slow,and not interested to help the customer.. 
Waitress with dark short hair is rude, we booked a table for 6 and when we arrived we told/ ordered to wait 5 mins as the table wasn't ready, 15 mins later the waitress shortly said ' 4 sit here ' ' 2 sit here ' completely separate tables without even asking if this was okay. When we said no, we booked for 6 they was aggressive and started to talk about us between one another. 
I have lived in Sidcup for 20 years. When this cafe first opened it was excellent with excellent service. I have found that the service and quality of food has fast gone downhill. This may be due to new ownership. Bring back the original Walnuts. Quality not quantity or at least a balance. 
We went on bank holiday Saturday, restaurant was very busy, we had to seat ourselves, took half an hour to be an acknowledge, ordered drinks which took another 30 minutes and they were wrong. We could see other customers getting annoyed, we had been in there for an hour and a half with no signs of any food, don't think I have ever been in a restaurant ,that was in such chaos, the supervisor was in tears, the manager had taken one of the busiest weekends off. Our table and a couple of others walked out. 
Ordered a takeaway for 2 people from Meejana on Saturday via Deliveroo since they don't have their own delivery service.  
We visited at 6 pm.. place was empty.. waited ten minutes fir menus.. 10 mins fir our drinks... asked the waiter for recommendation he said he didn't know about the food.. the lady came over and just are you ready to order.. mixed grill tiny .. service terrible.. left no tips... every other restaurant along the parade was busy... we noticed one other couple complained.. lovely settings.. but please get new staff or get trained... in customer service.. dreadful..sorry but the truth.. wasn't asked once if we were ok.. very disappointed  
Having read a few negative reviews on here, I decided to give this place as go considering I am new to the area. In hindsight, I should have read the reviews and the appalling responses from the management who clearly have no concept of customer service. The staff were rude, had no idea about the menu and ultimately the portion sizes were unacceptable considering the prices we paid. Ultimately, read the responses the management have written below and you will soon get a fair idea of the type of people who run this business... just don't bother. 
5 of us went for a meal, we ordered 4 platters (2 2 person starters, and 2 2 person mains) and I ordered from the menu. 
Arranged to go with 5 friends for a birthday and chose the celebration banquet at £25 a head, which is the most expensive set menu of offer. As 5 men we were all hungry and looking forward to a real feast. 
We went out for dinner with 8 of us for a birthday celebration. I love Lebanese food so I was excited! When we were seated, I was firstly impressed by the location and I thought this restaurant seems to be in good order. Unfortunately this assessment seemed untrue after a while.  
Booked for 8 people at 7. Sat down, only 1 menu. Owner says sorry, all on other tables. Over 30 minutes go by, still no other menus, but we managed by passing the one menu around.Ordered a bottle of wine only to be told it was a bin end and no longer available. Fine, but most restaurants I have been to advise you of items that are not available.  
The owner is one of the rudest people I have come across. He should consider taking himself on a customer service course. He must be losing customers with his manner. Food is very overpriced for what it is, and service is incredibly slow. 
Absolutely shocking! 
OK there were plenty of good things about this eating experience. The chicken firecracker; the yasai itame, the edamame beans ... nom nom.  
Really not great tasting food, the chicken ramen were bland and the chicken seemed cheap and the pork gyoza had a weird processed consistency- and not good value either. I won't be going back.  
We went here for a family breakfast on a Saturday morning, I ordered a sausage sandwich, when it arrived the bread was clearly stale, hard and rough, so I managed to flag this to the waitress who took it back to the kitchen. Only to return with another sandwich with equally stale bread. She assured me the chef had swapped the bread and that the loaf had been delivered that morning so was fresh. It clearly wasn’t !! She walked off while I was talking clearly not interested. The food was inedible. When we explained to the manager, he refused to accept the bread could be stale as it was delivered that morning. Well it if this was the truth it was delivered stale. Do these people running a cafe have no idea about food freshness? And customer service? There was no attempt to apologise or even take this item off the bill. The food used to be always such a high standard, bread was melt in the mouth fresh, no more it seems. Won’t be returning, have had too many sullen waitresses serving me in that place and this experience is the final straw. Honeydale is the place to go for great food, never had any issues there with food. 
2 1/4 hours after arriving our mains arrived! There had been no explanation or apology about the delay and only when we asked was the manager/owner forthcoming.He said they had a trainee chef who wasn't pulling his weight and the other chef had to pick up the slack. He went into the kitchen and returned saying 5 minutes and don't worry I'll sort something out for you.Ten minutes later still no mains, then the waiter brought out our food and even he said hurrah it's finally ready! The waitress who had been lovely the whole evening sat down with us and said the chef had been delayed for hours by a lack of trains - a different excuse - and she had been helping in the kitchen. When the bill arrived all that was taken off a £200 bill was a £1.50 portion of bread and a bottle of wine. The owner reluctantly came to discuss this with us and said that was it! We paid and left a tip for the waitress, but then the owners wife started shouting at us and saying we were rude......We have never been treated like this as paying customers and can't believe these people are still in business. No doubt the owner will write something derisory about us as I've noticed he doesn't take criticism well on here. As we said the food was very tasty but ........... 
Today I ordered from walnuts off deliveroo, and the food was colder than the milkshake, bread was dry as ghandi flip flop, cucumber looked like an orniment only good thing about good about the delivery was the sealed drinks!!!! 
On Sunday 16th of July I was having lunch with firends in Hawksmoor Knightsbridge branch All of sudden I felt burning sensation on my leg and chest it was the gravy for the Sunday lunch the waiter was carrying as he was comunacuting with his colleague next table suddenly every thing landed all over me due to lack of concentration now almost ten days gown the MD Hawksmoore has shown no duty of care towards there client what's so ever exspect bullfing and trying to cover up by sending me wild goose chases you wouldn't think from Hawksmoore with such high prices show no duty of care at all . public should be aware of the fact that they are entering there premises with there own Risk . If Hawksmoor had shown reasonable duty of care it would of being a different mater but surprisingly they have shown none and I shall escalate this matter ! 
What a shame. We have eaten here before and enjoyed it so much we took our closest friends this weekend. The signs were not good when we arrived with no one to meet us, no one at the bar and a very busy restaurant with apparently only two people serving. This was clearly not enough staffing as the restaurant was doing takeaway as well.When seated we were given one drinks menu, there are six of us. After a lengthy pause we were able to order drinks. After another long pause we were given menus. The very charming waiter then brought some food but as we had not yet ordered we had to point out it wasn't ours. We finally ordered but after an hour and 15 minutes in the restaurant had still not even had a piece of bread. My 16 and 11 year old eat regularly in restaurants but were getting a little desperate by this point. When we asked the manager about the possibility of some food, he explained that they were having a problem with the gas and that they would get some food out soon. He offered us the bottle of wine we had already had the on the house and we ordered another. 
Closing time displayed 6pm 
Pop in with my husband for Sunday morning coffee , immediately when we sat down we were asked if we would like menus we asked for 2 soya cappuccinos​. We were then asked by a number of other staff if we like menus. After about 10 minutes our coffees arrived, but not before they were first delivered to the wrong table. When I went into pay I was asked for £5.40 (normally £4.40) I asked why and was informed it was because we had soya milk. Disgusted. I will taking my business else where in future. 
We came party of 20 to celebrate father's day . The place looks ok. However when we came in , no one was interested to make our seating comfortable to seat the kids in one table and the adults in another table rather than having 4 separate tables as was arranged for us. They just left us and we have to push tables and the chairs to make them 2 tables. The mezza was ok ( not the best ) the food does not tasty as it should be. It misses something . The Lebanese Resturant is known for green salads which was not their unless we ask them and then they got us some. At the beginning the waiter put all the mezza in one table and ignore the other table. And when we told him, he just took from the 1st table and put them in the 2nd!! The main course was BBQ . The chicken was hard and has no flavor. The kofta was not bad. The quantity was very very small. I don't think we will come again especially we know fantastic Lebanese restaurants around us. I have to say that the waiters were nice.  
Went there for a quick lunch with 2 work colleagues. We were the only people in the place apart from a women (that I think is the owner), a waiter and another man - who we later discovered is the owners husband. During the entire meal they had a full on argument and were attempting to sack the waiter for being unprofessional! Really uncomfortable. Even when we asked them to stop they didn't. Tried to tip the poor waiter and even he said don't bother - I won't get any of it! Never again. 
The place was a crèche with more children than adults. The ribs were just fat, noodles more like spaghetti and cold rice. It felt as though it had all been pre-cooked in anticipation of the lunch time rush. My meal of teriyaki beef with rice and vegetables was chilli beef on cold rice with grated carrot and green leaves. My husbands chilli chicken men was soggy noodles. The only things as expected were the duck gyoza and asahi. There are so many better places to eat in this area we are kicking ourselves for going to wagamama.  
We did not have a pleasant experience. We were told we had to have starters, mains, and desserts and were not allowed to order what we wished. We were made to feel very uncomfortable. As a result we said we were going to leave and were told we were not allowed! It is a shame they didn't make their 'rules' clear when we made the booking. I will never go back, nor recommend! 
The lobster tail was rubbery, the main course fish was dry and parts of it were blackened, chips were good but really if you can't get a decent chip in the UK! Overrated expensive disappointing experience perhaps living in Sydney where the seafood is amazing and cooked perfectly even in humble establishments we expected too much, give it a miss 
My Mum and I were shown to our table and we gave our order. An hour passed and we still had not eaten. We asked three different waitresses where our meals were and they all said they would check. It wasn't until we complained that we ate. Nice food, but not worth the hassle considering the price. 
The table was dirty so was the place mats we had to ask the staff to clean the table. We ordered a full breakfast and eggs Royal which was not nice at all the poached eggs were hard and cold and the smoked salmon was very brown. breakfast for 2 in SIDCUP not Chislehurst and 2 cups of coffee was over £19 which was extremely overpriced even when we eat in the West End the breakfast is of a much much better quality and cheaper. We wish we had gone along the road to a cleaner cheaper cafe - Wetherspoons breakfast is massive for half the price. The toilets are absolutely disgusting as soon as you walk in the bin was full and brimming over there was dirty tissues all over the floor the first toilet did not even have a button to press to flush it, it was missing and had not been replaced so you had to stick your finger down to flush it (very hygienic). The man behind the counter kept rubbing his beard then serving food I can honestly say this was the worst cafe and the most expensive I have been to. Would I go there again NEVER would I recommend it NEVER. 
Absolute chaos, you'd need to have brain damage to visit this place more than once. 
We booked a table for 8pm, we arrived to be ignored by the few staff on duty, we then got the managers attention who said he would get our table ready, which he did, but no one took us too the table we walked over ourselves, no menus given to us, I had to ask a staff member for them who looked surprised of my request, it's 8.30 by now, we asked to order drinks, what a joke, didn't even finish our drinks order so we asked to see the owner who looked like he was coming over but then decided not too!!!!! That was enough for us, the service was terrible and the attitude of the staff and manager appalling so never got to try the food and will never go back there again. 
Horrible horrible ignorant staff and very unhelpful, went there on a Saturday night, place was empty, horrible cold miserable atmosphere, food was very poor quality 
Really bad experience here in terms of food and service: 
Took family there today for lunch who were visiting after raving on about how good this place is, our favourite local cafe. Haven't been in since the expansion. Looks very nice. We were given a table at the back on the right. It felt a bit enclosed as there was no windows. We were given our menus and we are always asked if we would like a drink whilst waiting, not this time. She walked away and returned about 15 minutes later and it wasn't that busy. We ordered our drinks with our meal. My son asked if he could have his mushrooms and tomatoes removed from his all day breakfast as he has an allergy to both. He was informed the breakfasts could not be changed but he replied he wanted 2 items removed that was all. There was 5 of us and the knives and forks were dumped in the middle of the table. The food arrived along with a salad we hadn't ordered which was taken away. The breakfast had no mushrooms but they had left the tomato on. The food was OK not the usual good standard. We felt neglected and disappointed. I have been visiting this cafe for years. So sad it has gone downhill not sure if we will visit again. 
What has happened to this place....cannot take orders....deliver drinks...or serve food in a reasonable time . Lots of gormless staff wandering around....no obvious system ...now disorganised. ..waiting (still) 30 mins for some basic breakfast. Judging by the skeletons around me , we are the lucky ones....avoid... 
Having heard only good things about Wagamama for years I finally caved in and went for it. I have to admit I was quite excited as I love Asian food. Not expecting the amazing food I have tasted IN Japan or Asia in general I still went with high hopes.  
I unfortunately had my first and only introduction to the Kensington Waga last Monday, 23rd May, 2010. 
People are wondering why the food has gone downhill, along with the poor service.  
Don't dare to complain! This morning we watched as 3 male members of staff followed a man out after he'd complained and they were very aggressive and abusive. He'd waited ages to be served cold food so I would've complained too and wouldn't have expected to be assaulted the way he was.  
I have never left a negative review in my life but for someone whose family works in the restaurant business I have come to expect a certain standard when eating out. This standard was not met at Meejana and my experience here is definitely one I will not repeat.  
This was our third visit to Chit chaat. First time not good, second try an improvement, this time simply poor. Don’t know if we are just unlucky ? Firstly this was New Year’s Eve. We booked in case it was busy however it wasn’t busy at all when we arrived. We were seated at an unprepared table. Very loud but friendly enough waitress asked us what we wanted as soon as we sat down. We should have known then that we would be rushed out. We had a very insipid dhal. No garlicky burnt onion taste that I would expect, just a bland watery broth. We were looking forward to the railway lamb but that was tasteless and so watery too. 4 measly bits of chewy lamb and 3 bits of potato didn’t add to the flavour. Learn from Dishoom when you can get the most delicious pepper mutton with 2 amazing roti for only a couple of pounds more than the dire lamb dish served at Chit Chaat. The only tasty item was the channa covered samosa. The waitress took my boyfriends drink before he finished and was too eager to remove the candle, crockery etc before we had finished the meal. To make matters worse she was cleaning a table nearby then came to our table, dumped the dirty cloths in our empty dishes leaving a waft of strong smelling disinfectant in our faces, really unprofessional ! I’m not sure if the owner is ever on site. There is a lady who looks like the maitre’d but she never speaks or even looks at guests so this place comes across as so unwelcoming. We won’t ever return. Chit chat really needs to get its house in order. Otherwise it will close like the restaurant before it. 
When a meal for two costs £250, I expect good service. The staff didn't seem bothered. And how can an expensive steak house not have chips on a Saturday night? Neighbourhood restaurants provide better value. 
We visited in the evening for a quick dinner. There was no one in the restaurant and yet the service was so slow. The waitress served and disappeared. Didn't ask if we needed anything or if everything was ok! Food was not tasty. 
We came to this restaurant and it looked nice to have a meal. It was over an hour between entering and ordering the food to receiving it. 
The food was nice(nothing special), ...but the service is so bad,our drink arrived after 30 mins and food order after 1 hour and was so ridiculous in the end THEY PUT THE SERVICE CHARGED ON THE BILL!!!!RIDICULOUS BAD EXPERIENCE EVER. NO EXCUSE NO DISCOUNT!!! 
Party of 8 - 4 men and 4 women - the women had the recommended vegetarian special for 4 and the men had seafood special for 4 (at £22 per head). The service and food was acceptable but the portions were minute. The seafood special for 4 would hardly feed 2 ( 1 prawn, 2 small pieces of squid per head etc.) . The head waiter/manager/owner could hardly have been less interested in our polite feedback. I will never go back and went home for beans on toast !!! 
We ate at Meejana last night, a Saturday. Friends had trekked from far and wide to be with us and had done so on the strength of our recommendation. 
I'll keep this brief - We came here to try it purely because of the trip advisor reviews. 
I visited with two members of family and we were expecting good things. Instead we were met with rude staff, cold food, pricey food and a noisy atmosphere as the chef was yelling.  
We visited with a group of friends on a Saturday in June. After ordering cocktails, we had to request alcohol was put into them as we had been fobbed off with merely frozen juice. We then ordered our starters, which were not only cold, but frozen in the middle. For a restaurant that claims to serve authentic food, we would have probably had better quality from Iceland. To top it off, the staff, especially the manager, were extremely rude and she was inept at dealing with complaints. We left after our starters, for which we were offered no apology and no compensation. Luckily none of us took ill, but I would definitely not recommend this restaurant to anyone. 
Went for my birthday in end of 2012. There were 10 of us. Took 30 min for someone to take our order, when we ordered took 45 min for food to arrive. Restaurant was busy but only two people working the whole restaurant. We ordered desert which took nearly an hour to arrive some ordered coffee took an hour 10 min to arrive. As soon as desert was finished within 5 min waitress arrived with bill. And card machine... Food was good but not exceptional as I've read on here and pricey for what it is. Nice resturant nice food service non existent. 
Worst pad Thai I have had! Zero flavor and the service was so slow...30 minutes for one dish. Never again! 
Although trying new restaurants is always a slight gamble I love finding new and exciting places with great food, good ambience and friendly, charming staff so the gamble is generally worth taking! 
I can't believe how bad this place was. After hearing brilliant reviews me and my mum tried it for lunch one week day. It was around 12:30-1pm when we arrived and it was packed! We managed to grab a table right at the back next to the toilet. No one greeted us or came over and the table was still dirty. When someone came over they put menus down and walked off. 10 minutes later I had to ask someone to get us drinks- which we never got! Approx 10 minutes later I again had to ask someone to take our order. Mine came out very quickly (spaghetti carbonara) but it wasn't good at all. It had obviously been microwaved because it was too hot and the cream had split. When it was cool enough to eat it was full of basil thyme and rosemary (these herbs are NOT used in carbonara) and the bacon was so fatty. About 15 minutes after my food arrived my mums panini was given to some one else (this lady took the top off, moved the tomato and put the top back on) then a waitress (using the term lightly) took it back off this lady, walked to the front of the restaurant, back again and gave it to my mum. Before she had a chance to leave I explained what I'd seen and that I wanted a fresh one. We didn't even get an answer before she muttered something under her breath and walked away! I got the attention of another waiter explain the situation and that we still didn't have drinks and in between talking the 'lady' came back with our bill! :@  
My husband and I found the food very mediocre and pricey. Our starters took 45 minutes 
Went this evening. The food is not what you normally get in an Indian. Was all very hot, even though we asked for dishes that were not too hot. The waitress then came over with a very sour look because I said I wasn't happy. Bad customer service, bad food. Will never go again. Dishes are tiny too, so you'll need to eat a proper meal afterwards!! Not good!! 
The english guy at the reception was very rude , spoke in a very putting down manner as he was busy or overworked with the less number of staff they have anyway. They have overpriced average food and have been getting away with it as they have no other competition of similar food type in the area.  
We came to your restaurant for my cousin’s birthday and wish to make the following comments: 
Second time in there, beans come in small pot on your plate, second time beans have not been hot, first time beans were barely warm but I had poured on to plate, so a little late to complain, this time they were cold ask waiter to heat up, came back ten minutes later after I had reminded the waiter. Not good enough 
I’ve been a regular customer for a long time and the foods always been good. I’ve noticed the last few orders the food has been going down hill! I ordered a full breakfast with fried eggs, I got runny scrambled eggs! I asked for the bacon to be well done, it was as rare as it’s ever been before! This isn’t a cheap cafe/restaurant so when they mess the orders up it’s expensive for customers. I honestly would not recommend this cafe to anyone anymore and I def won’t be ordering from them again!  
The staff were so uninterested in us as customers. Did not ask if we enjoyed our meal practically threw the cutlery at us. Not sure what food all other customers have eaten but it was mediocre at best.  
Awful visit this weekend. We have been many times before and do find this place a bit hit and miss when it’s really busy but on the whole it’s normally fine and food is good. We arrived Saturday seated quickly, ordered drinks and food fine and then it all started to go wrong! food came before the drinks, fine you think they won’t be long, wrong! My poached eggs on avocado with muffin was awful I sent it back, muffin wasn’t even toasted, half a brown mushy avocado just plonked on the plate and the hollandaise had a really odd taste! it looked like a 5 year old had assembled it, this is not a complex dish and not hard to make tasty and presentable, i told waitress it was horrible, not cooked properly and she asked would I like something else so I asked instead for poached eggs on toast which was fine when it came, very nice. However, still no drinks had arrived! We told the waitresses 3/4 times, all they said was ok and carried on walking about! In the end we had both finished our food for a good 5 mins even after waiting for a second dish to be cooked and eaten and we decided to cancel the drinks as we were by then ready to leave. Nobody seemed bothered in the sightest we didn’t receive our drinks, even tried to charge us for the food I sent back!  
Honestly disappointed with the Breakfast we ate here , I was so looking forward to spending a little here with my Son who was flying back to Australia the next day . The Breakfast was served pretty quickly however the Sausages were very oily, the mushrooms were oozing in oil and the bacon dry . Sorry really because we thought it was going to be such a good breakfast.  
Ordered a delivery and apparently this is the size of a full rack of ribs 5 bones in total,phoned to confirm this is the correct portion and told yes!! Shocking waste of money and I'm sure against the trade description act 
I went here for drinks with my husband and some friends. When we went in we ordered 4 double gin & tonics and the price was £24. Then we went to sit outside. When I went to get the second round of the same the bartender said the price was £36, to witch I said how can u charge us 2 different prices. He than said the girl made a mistake the first time so I said that this was a rip-off and not a bar in the west end to charge these prices. When I went outside the boss came running after me to have a go at me and not even apologise for the mistake. He had a go at me in front of everyone in the garden as if he was in the right!! Later that night I went to central London to a club to where I paid £39 for the same order. What a joke this place is. Will never go there again and would no recommend it to anyone. And remember your in Latimer Road not west end!!!! 
We booked a table for dinner for 7:30 but some of our party didn't arrive until 7:45. Our drinks order was duly taken arriving just before eight. Then no-one came to take our food order. We waited and waited, the restaurant was far from full. Eventually we had to go to the bar to get someone to come over. The man behind the bar implied that the reason for the delay was because our party had arrived late. It was 8:25 by this point. So when the waitress came and took our order we made it clear to her that the food should all come out as it was ready, as we were all pretty hungry by then. We received no food whatsoever until 9:30, despite asking for it more than once. Not even the bread and houmous we ordered. When the food did arrive it was far from tasty. The same man from the bar came to take our payment and asked us how the meal was, we said not good and he just responded with a sarcastic Thanks very much! That sums up the entire service we received at this awful restaurant. We obviously will never return. 
Looked forward to this night out with friends as we only meet once a year and I live 2hrs away. This restaurant looks the part with all the authentic decor and that’s about it!  
Went there at 19.15 on a friday night. Just 1 person for front of house taking orders for 20+ people. Kitchen staff were serving food. Other normal serving staff were on a private function. Food was good, although some was cold. Alcohol was extremely expensive, cheapest red wine £26 per bottle for Lebanese, £28 for French. 1 large 250ml glass was £11.60, 1 medical 175ml was £8.00. Total bill for 2 was £94 excluding service. I paid the same as the Ivy in cobham but not in the same league. Will not go back  
Have lived close by to Peking Diner for 21 years. The food this evening was appalling. The special fried rice was dry and tasteless. Feathers were found in the chips. The curry sauce was thin and runny. The duck pancakes were paper thin partially cooked and coated with flour. The plum sauce was equally thin and runny.  
We have been eating at Peking diner for many years but recently the standard has gone down. The staff are borderline rude and the quality of the chicken was really poor. A real shame. 
definitely the worse chinese i have ever been too, not only was the food terrible, so was the service and the price tag of £40pp without drinks was astonishing. 
I had ALWAYS loved this restaurant! I was looking forward to having a meal out with my husband (over from France) We had to work later on so came early for lunch. We ordered Liver and Bacon and Eggs Benedict (our usual favourites). 
Hi, I come with my family to have a nice meal / snack on Tuesday 18th August at 17:20. We always come to your place as we love it. As we were looking our menus, I asked the waitrose which was new if she had any plasters as my little one just cut himself, she then went to ask someone who was at the till ( the manager) she said no. I then went to ask the manager, if one of the staff cits themselves you dont have it? She quite rude said no, they have to bring it themselves! What? This is against the law? H&S? I then went to speak to a guy who was sitting down and told him the situation, he said the lady is the manager! ( the one who was rude. She then saw me talking to him and came with a plaster! We left very very desapointed. We would have paid for the plasters if that's the case! Rude manager who says you dont provide plasters to your stuff! Dort out your management and your H&S! 
Having been regulars for years at walnuts, we decided to eat out on a Tuesday evening to support local businesses who have been effected by Covid-19. As it’s the beginning of August the governments ‘eat out to help out’ scheme has just begun, so we phoned to book and check if they were part of this scheme, the lady on phone assured me that yes they were! We enjoyed our food, however when it was time to pay, no discount was given. We asked the lady about the government scheme and she gave me a blank expression and said we aren’t participating in this. We were shocked and shared with other diners who were also under the impression Walnuts were part of the scheme. Disappointing. 
The service at this restaurant takes your breath away and not in a good way. VERY slow and VERY poor attitude. I will not visit this place ever again. In such a discerning area such as Weybridge I am frankly amazed it can survive. 
Terrible service, woefully small portion sizes and a tense atmosphere. I have never had a worse restaurant experience. 
This restaurant was recommended to me by a friend he spoke very highly of it. It's got to be the worst Chinese restaurant I have ever eaten in the service is poor and the food is poor never eat in there again. Oh and he's not my friend anymore. 
Worse food I have ever tasted! And they even charge the wrong amount on the bill! So do check the price on the menu when you going to pay the bill. Be aware that the staff is not friendly at all. We will never go back. 
Me and my partner visited this restaurant on a very special "date night" only to find when we were greeted with a table fit for up to 6 people.... we were also told there maybe other guests joining our table (people we obviously did not come out to dinner with...). Anyway in usual British culture we sucked it up and tried to move on and deal with the fact our nice 'intimate' meal could possibly be ruined... OH DID WE NOT KNOW WHAT WAS AWAITING... 
Firstly, the website still offers 'Monday Madness'- all food half price. Not so. Vague excuse about not being able to change the website. Two of us ordered mezze. Joke. Nothing home made unlesd you count salad leaves out of a packet. Just hommus, 2 tinned dolmades, olives and some red pepper. To add insult to injury the pitta bread came to the table straight out of the packet, not even warmed. £11. They're having a laugh. 
Ordered a delivery from here.. when it arrived i was horrified. The curry dishes were so greasy they were swimming in oil in the tubs. The lamb curry tasted of absolute nastiness. The naan bread was thin and burnt to pieces. The container the rice was put in was also swimming in oil ! 
We had to wait 15min to get staff attention and be seated... and after a further 15min waiting, we had to leave because the staff could not be bothered with us but took order from people who arrived after us. 
Sadly times must be hard for The Peking Diner lately as the quality of the food has dropped garlic prawns were tasteless and mushy! Glad there were only 4 on the dish! Sizzling beef in black bean sauce, stringy and fatty and again very small serving, service was too buzzy made you feel rushed, amazing how we can go have the same meal a few weeks apart and the price of the Bill differs! On a plus Rita is a lovely host, but she would be nice she is taking your money! Personally I'd rather pay more and see the food quality improved!  
The waitors dont even know if there is peas in the House Special Fried Rice. That’s poor man‍♂️ And they made us 1hr and a hour to order our main dish. 
So my family and I have been coming here for twenty years back to when Winston owned it. Tonight I took friends who have come to visit and boy was I embarrassed to have taken them there. The service was awful, the food was awful and the timing was awful. We are three ladies who ordered two lime and soda’s and a water. All drinks were served in pint glasses. One Guinness, one magners and a dirty one. When we asked for duck and lamb for our second course the waitress shrugged her shoulders and grunted ‘I can ask’!!! My friend’s curry was served less than sixty seconds after ordering and the sauce tasted like a powdered gravy and was luke warm. The seaweed tasted of dirty cooking oil. Suffice to say it’s a NO from us :-(( 
I ordered a takeaway last night via uber eats and being Saturday night I wasn’t too surprised that the wait time was estimated at between 60-90 minutes. After 2 hours it still hadn’t showed so after numerous attempts to call the restaurant they finally answered and immediately said ‘it’s just a few minutes away’. 20 minutes later it still hadn’t turned up, called again and a different person took my details then just hung up! It never materialised so definitely won’t be ordering from here again! 
Ordered a delivery from this cafe. Sandwiches ok nothing special. Ordered pain aux raisin but they delivered a burnt croissant instead that was not edible. Can't believe they would even consider selling burnt items and try to charge you for an item that you didn't even order. Terrible experience will not be ordering from there again· 
Shocking attitude placed an order via Deliveroo, when it failed to arrive I called to ask why it hadn’t arrived was told not their problem speak to Deliveroo !!! Even had the check to tell me I should have ordered from them direct ... avoid at all costs  
Orders on Deliveroo 
Me and my friend found this place online after searching and had planned to come here for two weeks. We hoped for a lovely evening of drinks, food and catching up. Unfortunately that did not happen. After calling several times and finally the phone being picked up all we heard was people talking over each other with no response to us. We decided to give in benefit of doubt and still go in anyway. Upon the arrival we queued up at the bar, the bartender called us over but as he did another customer barged in front of us which he then proceeded to serve not adhering to social distancing and putting us in an awkward position, blocking people from going past the bar. Again we decided to let it slide which wasn't a good idea as things got progressively bad. I ordered my drink with a bartender whilst my friend ordered hers with a different one. As soon as my friend ordered the other bartender serving me (older, dark haired guy with a beard) interrupted her service and said: 'should I be worried about your age?' in a rude tone. She was taken aback and replied: 'no, why?' He then proceeded to get very angry and made her extremely uncomfortable, accusing her of being 'upset' and going into an argumentative rant when she had simply said two words. To try and calm him down and diffuse the situation, she presented her ID without him asking and after looking at it instead of leaving it at that he continued being very hostile. The whole interaction deeply upset us. I work in hospitality myself and this is not the service anyone should receive! What happened to asking: 'may I see some ID?' my friend is 24 years old, but we understand she looks slightly younger and she has no problem being asked politely for her ID. It was utterly unprofessional and most of all un-kind. It put a downer on our evening, making my friend uncomfortable and ready to leave the place as soon as we go there. The place which seemed nice and welcoming in photos and reviews turned out to be complete opposite and ruined our evening by people that clearly should not work in the hospitality industry as it is obvious that they don't want to be there the minute you walk through the door. 
We were rushed from the minute we arrived to when we left.the waitress was trying to take the plate while my wife was still eating...main dishes very small..i ordered honey pork and got 3 small bits of pork...wont be rushing back 
Do not eat here. My brother, wife and I ate here last night. The food although delicious at the time, has given us severe pain, diarrhoea and vomiting. The waitress did not bother to ask us if we like our food mild or extra spicy, we were just given the extra spicy version. I have also had blood in my stools from the food.  
I was in this restaurant with my family recently. We all got sick after eating here and found the owner to be very rude while she was serving us. The food was also far too hot. My family and I were all unwell with stomach issues the following day.  
Me and 3 friends visited Meejana last night, I’d been once before about a year ago and do remember service was slow and food very salty (as said all 6 people who I was out with) but thought we’d give it a go and had pretty good reviews. BUT, any restaurant that leaves you for 55 minutes before serving even a drink ordered 30 minutes before (which was 25 minutes after we even arrived into the restaurant) is not somewhere we will ever go back. No apologies, food was cold, table was booked for 8pm and finished our mains at 10.30! Again no apology! Looked around the restaurant while waiting for the bathroom and out of the whole place there was 7 tables booked, 7- that’s it so it’s not like it was even busy! Honestly so bad and not even worth the wait! Not somewhere any of us will be going again... 
Order not complete very rude when they Finally picked up the phone after 1 Hour 15 minutes told me to ring back the next day and very rude again she put the phone down on me never again and they still owe me money 
this is the worst restaurant experience i have ever had. i had not been to this restaurant for many years as i used to frequent it often ,as it was wonderful (years ago) whilst visiting family decided to go for a "nice meal" arrived saturday night to find it unusually empty sat down & with ex-husband & 2 teenage girls to be presented with a bowl of prawn crackers .my daughter cheerfully bit into one one only to say can't eat that its like cardboard! had a taste myself only to realise they were very stale, i mean really stale! told a lady whom turned out to be the manager looked bemused but replaced them begrudgenly we laughed it off .then ordered starters which were frankly no better they looked like scrapings from leftover plates & did not taste any better ! everthing was cold or lukewarm .cold cabbage , soggy prawns ,lukewarm chicken satay with a split sauce ontop & something else indescribable ( i thought it was supposed to be crispy beef,but apparantly was sticky chicken!) .decided that it was too awful & cut losses. the prospect of food poisoning crossed my mind . I told the manager we were not happy that food was clearly warmed from hours ago.we would like the bill for just the starters she protested a little went away & arrived back with a bill for £49.70 .I laughed, ex hubby ( had steam coming out of his ears) offered £30.00 & name & address for police if she wished to disagree she did not . we then left. i have never walked out of a restaurant before this was supposed to be a nice treat not a nightmare . please avoid . i told them their food was a digrace & dangerous i shall be contacting enviromental health. please beware. my daughter & firend thought it was hilarious especially when the manager tried to tell me how to cook as they put it " especially as mum is an excellent cook & knows what shes talking about" the only positive of the evening!! 
After being an established customer over the coming months, I was suddenly enlightened to the horrors of Peaking Diner. I was so completely disgusted by the rudeness, and racism of the staff, that I vow to never step foot in there again. 
Order take out service via uber eats the food come cold and there was no cutlery that was ask for. 
We called to make an order over the phone. Was very disappointed to have been spoken to by the lady who took the order extremely rudely. She spoke in a derisive manner throughout the order and concluded by asking in condescending way ‘you don’t know where we are’ when we asked for the address. This is not the first occasion having been spoken to in this way by the person who has answered the phone. It’s a shame that the customer service lets down a restaurant that has otherwise nice food. Will not be ordering from there again. 
I ordered a take away yesterday online. They use a company called Big Foodie to manage their takeaways. Placed the order, got the confirmation from Big Foodie. Then after sometime, they send an email saying I can't order a take away for delivery as the restaurant doesnt have a driver to deliver. Surely they must have known that beforehand. So my order is cancelled. I then re-order but this time, for collection. Again I get confirmation for my order and I waited and then got an email saying that my order has been cancelled as the restaurant has decided to close early. This is a shambles and not a good way to run a restaurant, Terrible service and will not be using them again!!! 
Had a horrible experience this Pizza Express. Got a table at around 9pm and said I needed to wait for my wife. She arrived 20 minutes later. The kitchen was already starting to to clear up (is 9.20pm late for a restaurant? - the restaurant stated it was open till 11pm) but there were around five tables still with people. The service was so unfriendly, impatient and the guy who served us, maybe even the manager, although I don't know, was very cold and unwelcoming. At the end I told him I literally lived across the road and that his service had been really unfriendly and it had been an unpleasant experience. He just through his hands in the air and said ' perhaps it's me, perhaps it's me' and walked off. No apology etc. He had black hair with it all shaved on the sides. Really awful. No WAY will I ever set foot in there again, and will always advise people to skip it. The pizzas aren't even that great anymore... 
Mediocre food for the price (actually mediocre at any price!), the decor is getting rather in need of a revamp. Faded past glories. Best go elsewhere. 
Cheese on my pizza was well dry....very dissapointed and for that price too... 
This restaurant was terrible worst experience I have ever had in my entire life. First of all me and my girlfriend were placed in a tight little corner in the back of the restaurant. We ordered our starters, and they came completely wrong, however we didnt make a fuss we just carried on eating. As we ate our starters we saw ants crawling across the ledge which was right next to us. We alerted the waiter she then killed them with her bare hands, and tried to act like nothing happened talking about how she was scared of spiders. We were really hungry so we just decided to wait for our mains. After ordering out mains like 3 times, we decided to order drinks, the white wine tasted literally like water, and the coke definately tasted like cheap cola which had no bubbles and completely flat. The main then came after 30 mins of waiting. It was horrible the rice was dry and stodgy, the sweet and sour chicken looked like KFC popcorn chicken and there was 5 of them on the plate! My girlfriend got sizzling beef and it literally tasted like jelly! We alerted the manager about all we had gone through and she told us to get out! I was furious but kept my school I calmly tried to explain why I was complaining, but the women wouldn't have it, she said pay £20 and get out, so I took my time sipping on my watered down white wine, the manager stood in front of me and my girlfriend to try and intimidate us to get out! Avoid this restaurant the service is horrendous!!!! 
we as a family have eaten here many times over the years but I will never ever step foot in there again it has gone downhill . the food was disgusting and the service even worse,, Rita the owner was rude and could not give a dam about her patrons such a shame 
I went last week to meet my daughter and a friend for a cocktails in the bar.. the staff were unfriendly, condescending when asked for some advice on the bar menu and generally rude. 
Appauling and the management was the worse i ve ever met ....rude and racist 
I should have gone there for lunch today but couldn’t get through the door as it has no access for wheelchairs. When I asked, the lady was very unhelpful and dismissive that I had the contempt to suggest that there should be a ramp. My friend collected her coat to leave whilst the lady let the door shut on me after saying that it wasn’t her problem. So they have lost out on 3 people have lunch today and 30 people who were meant to go in this Friday. Terrible service. 
Went with high expectations to have a couple of drinks with a friend. First we where questioned if we where staying in the hotel, which most of the times they do ask every where. We answered that we where staying in the Four Seasons two blocks away, but since many friends have told us that the Bar was worth visiting we were there. Then a waiter, a young fellow, told us that each of us have to consume 30 pound each at least in order to stay. Already upset we decided to stay and consumed more than the "minimum" but scratched the discretionary tip of 12.5% which I am always more than happy to pay in each and every restaurant I visited in London. Before we left, I approached the Bar manager and explained what happened and reasons why I was not tipping the waiter. The manager was somewhat surprised of what the server asked us in order to have a table, and "apologized" telling us that sometimes there are customers that come to the bar and only have a cup of tea, is that a valid reason? I though to myself, even worse, there were some tables available. 
Decided to eat at the branch this evening, however I wish we hadn't. The customer service was absolutely appalling, the service was dire and the food was mediocre.  
Booked in advance , awful service and it wasn't even busy, eventually after 25 minutes we asked two waiters who were busy chatting to each other to place an order. And waited again... I dropped the straw and asked for replacement.... she never back again... 
Low food hygiene rating 1/5. (scores on the doors) 
We took visitors to Daphne's, a place we had visited in the past and had really liked. This time it was a disappointment. The room was noisy and it was not easy to have a conversation, but that was only the beginning. One of our guests ordered the dover sole, which was a special item. When it arrived, it had not been boned, and the guest had difficulty avoiding bones, so we requested that it be boned. The server seemed unsure whether this could be done, but the captain assured us that it would not be a problem after warning us that the meal "might not look as nice". Fine, we just wanted our guest to be able to eat it. When it was returned, it didn't looks so bad, but our guest tried two bites and each was filled with bones. When we complained that it was inedible it was taken away, but no replacement meal was offered. I ended up sharing my ravioli with the guest, with the result that we both left hungry.. The server did offer us one complimentary dessert as a gesture of apology, but then when the bill arrived the charge for the expensive inedible dinner was on the bill. And it was an expensive entree. When the captain saw that we were passing the bill around he came over and told us that there may have been a mistake. Ultimately the charge was removed, but there really is no excuse for this type of service at a restaurant that holds itself out as such a fine restaurant. We won't be back. 
We had a take away from here and ordered the chicken and vegetable red Thai curries. Unfortunately they were so bad they went in the bin after a couple of mouthfuls. They didn't seem to contain any coconut milk, the curry was just tasteless and watery. We haven't tried their sushi so can't I comment on that but for Thai food, this was extremely disappointing. 
I have just come out of this (if you can call it that) restaurant, with my husband.. When we arrived, it was empty.. We looked at the menu, which was a bit worrying as it had Sushi, Thai and Chinese on it, but stll (against all our rules) went in!! What a mistake.. Our starter of mixed tempura, was soggy, greasy and tasted of two day old vegetables.. Then the first of our sushi came over.. It tasted of over cooked longrain rice with gritty octopus on top.. At this point we had to stop the rest of our food from coming.. We paid for our drinks, and left.. With a greasy taste in our mouth.. NEVER AGAIN!!! 
Went with my boyfriend and asked about a deal and got served by a very rude waitress who not only wouldn’t help us but laughed at our faces to the point where we had to leave the restaurant before even ordering any food! Made us very uncomfortable and dissatisfied. 
I gave to this place a lot of chances because the venue is great and the food is amazing, however every time that I go the service is very poor. I work in hospitality and I know how many things can happen in a busy shift, but the management team in this place just don't care about customers and they hate their job.  
I ordered a margarita takeaway and was served by the manager or owner I assume. He gave me 5 cents change when it shuld have been 5p for my pizza. I then waited outside as I assumed that the service would be good and they wuld bring me my pizza when it was done. Waited for ages and then went inside showed my receipt as they forgot the order, he then accused me of picking a receipt up off the floor and using it to get a free pizza and couldnt even remeber me paying him. It was acctually a joke and by the end of it I was so pissed off and told him to check his CCTV, where he then finally gave me a pizza. Pizza was good for the price, however these false accusations really messed up my night! Won't be returning! 
Not impressed! Waitress came to take our order and we asked for a few more minutes so she just stood over us waiting. I asked her what fish was on the seafood pizza and she said there wasn't any - just seafood, mussels, prawns, calamari...Our food arrived only for the waitress to realise she had brought me the wrong pizza so she took it away. My pizza didn't arrive for another 10 minutes during which time my husband's went cold. When it came, my pizza looked like it had had its original topping scraped off and some passata and a few pieces of calamari thrown on top. There were no mussels. At no time were we asked if we were enjoying our meal; there were no offers of black pepper, parmesan, chilli oil etc. and the drinks were just slammed down on the table. Not a place I would want to return to in a hurry! 
Ambiance good, service slow, ordered a bottle of white rioja, have a vino app, retails at around 3.85 on average, paid 27.00, some mark up!! it was very average, service slow and it’s only 6pm on a saturday night!! high prices for location and ambiance, let’s go down the road next time!! avoid the high prices and slow service.  
We take a bruschetta and was really bad, the bread was totally no toasted and tomato's souce was chilly and in the menu there's no advice about it. 
Absolutely disgusting !! Waitress no personality what so ever my mum 68 years old !! Coliec sufferer had risotto seafood with all the shells on really ?? Never had that before not much seafood asked for gluten free pasta had it asked for not spicy penne chicken & Spinch blew my mouth away !!! Disgusting service & food bad ending for our yearly shopping trip would not recommend !!!!!! 
Have just been sitting here waiting to be offered a bill, a coffee but no left in the debris of my main coursr...worst service i have ever seen. I have just been sitting here waiting to pay the bill.... must have looked at the owner 100 times for service; his waitress was really rather inept...but obviously the nearly empty restaurant was presenting him with logistical issues. What a shame....have always enjoyed it before 
Very disappointed with the time it took to be served (1/2 hr) and another hour before lunch arrived at our table, which was very average. Overall a very disappointing experience and not good value for money. I would not recommend this restaurant in Windsor nor will I return. If I could give a 1/2 star then I would!!  
Have visited many times and had great food and service. However after an hour of waiting for food we gave up. We were third out of six people complaining of the same issue. Front of house seemed disorganised and waitress blamed being short staffed in the kitchen. 
£9.50 for a thin and ungenerously loaded Margarita pizza for a child / £12 for a tiny bowl of pasta with barely any other ingredients apart from pasta. Amazed that they are getting away with this. 
All bar one toilets an utter disgrace maybe you ought to stop the people walking in off the street that aren’t paying that blatantly using your revolting toilets never again 
Tried to go on saturday night at 1030, was denied entry by over zealous bouncer who first tried to tell me it was closing time (it shuts at 12am) and then tells me it was at capacity (it was half full)! Ridiculous that 3 over -40s professionals cannot get into a local bar for a simple beer, wont be going again (or trying to go!) 
Tried to get in, half full, was told it was capacity. Bouncers terrible. What a joke. Do not go. Avoid this place !  
The food is fantastic and for a local pub along W12 is great but afraid it is really let down by the really poor manager (tall lady brown hair) which consistently has incredibly undiplomatic people skills which is really surprising - this unfortunately works it way to her staff which also consistently seem uninterested and provide equally disinterested service despite being much more friendly in 1-1 situations! Shame - new manager needed and it has been required for ages - maybe it will even do the miserable manager lady some good too for other opportunities! 
Saturday night I expect it to be busy don’t get me wrong, however we were here for just over an hour before giving up on getting a second drink. We only ever saw 3 people serving, surely you’d staff or manage it better for a Saturday night?!  
The manager Steve honestly ruined my good mood, was rude to me and simply doesn't care for his customers, I used to come here often for nice food and good service but he's completely put me off. The food is still lovely and my waiter was lovely, I never would've expected the nastiness and hostility to come from someone working here, especially a manager nonetheless. Don't come here if you want to be respected! 
Two people serving behind bar on a Saturday nite,5 deep at the bar,manager hopeless,just walking back and forth checking tills,he needs to roll his sleeves up and get stuck in if it’s busy. Kitchen dirty,watched food sit on the counter and left for 15mins. Spend your hard earned cash elsewhere. We gave up after 1 drink and went to a decent bar. 
I live in Windsor so I very often find myself going to this place with visitors or work colleagues or whatever. I am always willing to give it a chance and be optimistic as they have good food and its a nice location to watch the world go by. But oh how woeful the service is. A sample over the years: 
Bland overpriced ‘Italian’ food, dull atmosphere and miserable staff but still at premium prices - have made my last visit. Avoid like the plague, it’s all over on Draycott Avenue. 
We had a Sunday lunch at oak w12, it was my 4th visit! I used to like the place and therefore recommended it for that day to friends. The manager and the manager's assistant were rude and inflexible. We had a set menu which we were happy to pay for but when we asked to order pizza on top the manager became too difficult! ( this is a Resturant where people walk in without reservation and order pizza)  
We have been to a few ‘All bar one’ restaurants but was surprised at how bad the food, service and the toilets were at Windsor. Starters came with main course, food all dry and burnt. We ordered a pint of coke and after taking the ice out was left with less than half a pint of coke not great for £3. Toilets....disgraceful! Never again! 
I don’t often spend the time to review but feel so strongly about the appalling service and cleanliness of this restaurant/bar. Sat outside for ages, no one came (lots of other people waiting for service & no indication that one had to order at the bar). One person at till. Had to ask the barman to wash his hands after he started to prepare a cocktail rubbing fresh mint leaves between his hands and if just seen him lugging crates, moving a ladder and handling a large set of keys. He wasnt too pleased. Waited for food. One plate arrived with cutlery and had to ask for a napkin. Waitress responded she didn’t know where they were but did come back eventually. Then had to chase up my friend’s dish which arrived a good 10 minutes after the first. Food mediocre and today in bed with a dodgy stomach. To top it all, I had my dog with me who lay by the table. I heard a crunching sound and he was eating pieces of broken glass that I hadn’t noticed were all over the ground. On further inspection saw large clumps of dust/dirt that were all around us. Honestly, really appalling. 
Visited with my wife for an early evening meal. Sat down, made our menu choices then waited to be served. No one came. After 15 mins got up and left. 
Our family group of 5 people tried to have lunch at this restaurant, but the service was very slow and the waitress returned 2 times to check what we had ordered as she had “lost” her notepad. After 45 minutes of waiting for our sandwiches to appear, we gave up. Very disappointing. Stay away! 
On Sunday 17/6/18 I visited All Bar One in Windsor at 2pm with my sister and 3 family members visiting from abroad. It wasn't busy and we were looking for a light lunch. A visit to the bar to get a menu (only one on the table) was met by a v uninterested member of staff who nodded to where a spare menu lay - it had tomato sauce on it and the remains of a chip…. I had to ask 2 staff members to come and take our order. The second one had 'lost her notebook' and took 3 visits to ascertain what we wanted. We only wanted one drink which arrived after 10 minutes. Another 30 minutes later I enquired as to where our food was (it was all 'cold' food not requiring actual cooking) but the waitress didn't come back to keep us informed and at 2.45 we had to give up and go elsewhere. The bar area was extremely untidy and clearly they are more interested in serving alcohol rather than food. It was a v disappointing experience for the overseas visitors especially after the recent Royal Wedding spectacle that showed Windsor in such a glorious light. 
We popped in for lunch on the 20th June while shopping in Windsor. We have done this before and it has always been OK but not remarkable. It was not particularly busy and we sat outside. The tables appeared to have been cleared but not wiped down, so we chose the least grubby. One of the plants by the main door had been over-watered and there was a large puddle in the main entrance that didn't look too safe.The staff passed us on a couple of occasions and just glared. 
Took my mum for lunch today . When arrived asked a member of staff for a table for two outside and was told just find somewhere to sit . Sat for ages at a dirty table with glasses from previous diners. Wait for ages but nobody came up take order despite staff walking pass us numerous times . Went to ask for a menu but was told to look myself on other tables. Despite 4 requests for someone to take our order nobody could be bothered. Rude disinterested staff. Finally we left and went to the restaurant next door the flaming cow where we received excellent service and food. 
Seriously I am missing original london pubs, lade back atmosphere where one can throw a Sunday lunch with friends without any problem with management. We booked a table for a birthday party here for 16 people after 1000 bill management attitude was so rude that everyone felt uncomfortable! This is a confuse place between a mayfair west end lounge and a renovated pub in w12! Avoid this place if you care about london because this is what everyone should avoid london turning in to. 
I have frequented All Bar One Windsor since 1996 when I moved to the area. It has slowly declined however tonight it hit an all time low. It was disgustingly dirty; the floor was covered in food, dirty napkins and rubbish. My husband said the men's toilets stunk of urine. And when I visited the disabled toilet (I am a wheelchair user) the floor was dirty, wet and disgusting. More alarming was the fact that the toilet seat was broken and an absolute safety hazard. 
I know it was the day of the Royal Wedding, but there really is no excuse for hygiene and cleanliness. We had booked a table and paid a deposit for 5 of us which they said they weren't aware of. The seats on arrival were dirty and sticky so we had to ask for them to be wiped down before we sat (white jeans on), she didn't wipe the table either. The toilets were disgusting and smelt shocking, my glass containing my gin was dirty and had to be returned to the bar, a foreign body of some sort was found in my friends guacamole dip which they tried to pass off as avocado skin... never seen skin! the salt pot was filthy which we had to wrap in tissue in order to put salt on our food and on receipt of the bill they did not deduct the deposit, we had to bring this to their attention. Although we did complain and they gave my friend; who lives in Windsor and we were visiting from Yorkshire a voucher for a next visit, it has certainly put me and my friends off re-visiting All Bar One. 
The staff should learn to speak politely with clients. The manager was giving orders to us instead of taking our orders. Thanks to the manager, the establishment just cut £1000 a month from its revenue, as we won't be returning to The Oak for our monthly meetings. We were all very disappointed... 
Saturday the 12th of may me and 9 of my colleagues were heading to all bar one Windsor for leaving drinks for one of our colleagues upon arrival we were told we were not aloud in as there were too many of us and we were not the right crowd absulouty disgusted in the way we were treated by the door staff will not be recommending in the future!!! 
We were they by recommendation, and we had few drinks. I did see a group of 10 having fun, we understood that is was a bd. they started to sing and dance, it was pretty cool. 
I visited the pub for an easy lunch with friends, and what I received was very good food and wine, but appalling service. It all started very well with the staff being friendly and welcoming. The wine as great, and our pizzas were beautiful. However a friend ordered the ravioli which honestly was tiny. We then commented about it to a member of staff, who walked away whilst we were talking to him. After we realised we were charged incorrectly for our wine, we were directed to the manager who was very rude and talked to us like children. After paying the bill the waiter asked 'what about the rest of the payment ' pointing to the added service charge. We said we were not willing to pay for this as we did not receive any sort of good customer service. All in all I feel like we were treated like the scum they thought we were just because we questioned the size of a dish. As I said the pizza was amazing, but the level of service was horrifing after we asked a simple question about our bill.  
The food was lovely - the staff were fine at first. However, my portion size was tiny when it came out and I was very disappointed to be paying £12 for what was essentially a starter. When I told the staff this, they offered me the solace that "I enjoyed it". We also ordered a bottle of wine but didn't realise that we had ordered off the 'glass and carafe' menu - and so full bottle price wasn't included so felt like we had got stung for a price we weren't aware of. When we told the staff and the manager, they were positively indignant about the situation but begrudgingly gave us the carafe price. Because they hadn't been particularly accommodating or understanding, we didn't pay the (apparently) mandatory tip to which a look of appalled disgust was the reaction. "Where's the rest?" She said. I've never had anyone demand a tip before. Won't be going back. 
I was completely ignored at the bar by the staff. I waited my turn in the queue when I got to the bar and then people who arrived after me were served before me. I spoke up and said to some bar staff that I'd been waiting a long time (over 10 mins) but I still wasn't served. My friends and I left and found a far better place to have some cocktails at nearby that actually appreciated our custom! 
Called in for a drink at 5.30 with my husband on our way home - was ignored at the bar whilst others were served before me - I was a barmaid for 15 years and I was always taught to know who was next. I was eventually served - not one please or thank you when being served (flat beer) - disgraceful! To make matters worse, I then found out the person who served me was the manager. This is basic customer service - won’t come here again and would advise others not to either  
I have been a regular at the oak going around 3-4 times a week. My partner and I loved the place and had a very good friendly relationship with all the staff. However this evening we decided to pop in for the second time this week (our average spend being £80.00-£100.00) when the manager who is very rarely there decided to ask us if our dog was quiet rather patronisingly. Now I appreciate this more than most which is why our small dog who all the staff know and is incredibly well behaved, in fact the other staff members tried to tell him how regular we were and our dog always came with us and has never I repeat never been intrusive or disruptive other than staff and guests wanting to stroke him which is rather annoying.  
The other Friday evening my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go as our local was pretty full. I was initially put off by the children running riot throughout the restaurant (after 7pm on a Friday evening?!) however the bar staff assured us they wouldn't be allowed in the bar area. This wasn't the case and I had to put up with children crawling over seats next to me which wasn't ideal. 
Ok yes we were on a stag but it wasn’t as if we were being trouble  
Started by asking for table. Was told 'sit where you like' then was ignored for ages so left, obviously they didn't need my money or my custom 
This restaurant was originally Bar HaHa which was as badly run as anywhere I've been, so when All Bar One took over i thought great, as i like the location. However the service is just the same. I have been there 4 times in the last 10 years and only paid for food once due to extremely long waits for food. I said i wasn't going to go back but my other half persuaded me to give it another go. One hour later, I was still waiting for my steak sandwich after repeatedly asking the waiter how much longer. A group of six next to us went across to Carlucios and we got up and left to.  
Went in around 8pm when the place was quiet, ordered food by 8:15 to be told two of the things we wanted they didn't have in stock. So we ordered around this issue. Then at 8:45 when our drinks finally came they then also told us they didn't have any burgers. So we changed the order again and asked how long it would be, to then be ignored and never get a reply. So at 9:15 we went to the bar and asked to cancel the food as we didn't want it anymore and would leave. To have the manager then storm out, tell us we were wrong and didn't know what we were talking about. And after all this he tried to make me pay for the food we never actually got. Which obviously after refusing, we paid for the drinks and left. What a way to end my friends birthday, thanks guys. Luckily Zizzi's is just down the road and they knew how to run a restaurant well. 10/10 for Zizzi's, 1/10 for All Bar One. Not coming back 
We went to Daphne's for my birthday lunch. I was really looking forward to as the pics shown online seemed to be amazing. I had to say, the food was ok, but the seats were super narrow and crowded. Our neighbors could simply reach us if they turn or stand up- not to mention the waiter kept banging my chair while walking through. I was expecting a nice, elegant restaurant with amazing food, it ended up I didn't even want to stay for the dessert- which was really rare for me. 
I would strongly recommend nobody order take away from this place! The "pizzas" why are marketed as stonebaked and hip are an absolute sham! They arrived freezing cold for starters! The pizzas themselves had virtually NO toppings, literally 3 small pieces of mozzarella and nothing else! The tomato base is purely just a jar of dolmio thinly spread into the pizza. The base tasted of charcoal and was like a cracker than a pizza base! I could not eat it! In addition there was absolutely no taste or flavour in either of the pizzas! And for the price they are charging it is a royal con! You be better advised to go to another pizza delivery company or even a frozen one from a supermarket is of higher quality! Will never order or recommend anyone to this place!  
Have had plenty of good food here in the past as well as tonight so I wouldn't dare to say a bad word about the food. 
We ate here in 15th July at lunch time. There were four in our party, Three of us ordered the chicken and avocado salad lunch dish. The salad was not fresh, the lettuce leaves were brown on the edges, the red cabbage was very brown (where it should have been white) and the red onion in my Noel alone was the scabby end of the onion (the big you usually chop off and throw away). We complained to the waitress, who went to fetch the manager. He was not apologetic and insisted the salad was fresh that morning despite me showing him my uneaten brown salad leaves and cabbage!!! There was a long long wait for the bill, despite us asking for it three or four times. Further, when we arrived, the milk jug from the previous customer was still on the table and the salt pot was smeared with some brown sauce. The toilets weren't clean and hadn't been checked in a long while because toilet paper was blocking two of the toilets and the bin was over full. I have eaten here previously and it has gradually got worse over time, so now I am calling it a day and won't eat here again, ever. Sooooo disappointing. 
Hello, yesterday me and my friends had a catch up evening at All Bar One Windsor. We booked this place because we knew you can have there a drink, but they also serve food. 
Went there yesterday evening 03/08/2019, looked very dirty unkept- empty glasses everywhere 
We arrived on Sunday around 3pm. just wanted to have a quick beer and a quick bite to eat, it didn't look particularly busy so we taught it's going to be a good option, we were badly mistaken.it took at least 20min before we were even noticed by a waiter who looked and acted like it was not only his 1st day at work but his 1st day ever working as a waiter. Order was taken and it took him another 25min to bring us ordered beer, i could probably understand that it could have taken longer if it was a draft beer and he would have to wait for a bartender to pour it, but it was bottled beer, so it was a matter of taking it out of the fricking fridge, why on earth it took 25 bloody minutes. it took another 20min to get the food but we didn't get it all, order 2 hash browns, got only one and been told they run out of it, offered free of charge fries instead but at the end we were charged for it anyway and they were more expensive than the hash. ONE BIG JOKE. next time i'd rather die of thirst and starvation than go to this miserable place. Please avoid. 
My friend and I went to All Bar One on a Monday afternoon when the place was relatively quiet. We sat at a table and ordered a lager each. 15 minutes later we were still waiting for our drinks to arrive and then found out they had been poured but the staff hadn't brought them across to us as the service was so disorganised. Other customers were also complaining about how much of a shambles the place was. I ordered some nachos which were absolutely disgusting - greasy, stale and barely edible. Avoid ! 
literally the worst experience EVER, staff laughing at the fact that my farther found hair in his food and then the manager claiming he speaks no english DISGUSTING. for a table of 7 or or 1 expect more respect and better service than this. AWFUL. 
Came here for birthday lunch with my partner. The staff were friendly but the service was so slow. It was not very busy as was a Monday afternoon. The food was cold and we didn't get one of our tapas ( deal was 5 for 
I met an old friend here for lunch. The food was average and the service was appalling 
We had a flyer through the door this evening and the menu looked good. I ordered a Their red beef curry which on the menu is supposed to contain aubergine, coconut milk, mint leaf... It had no aubergine and the sauce was glutinous and hard to say but did not seem to have coconut milk. It did have peppers and chopped asparagus! In Thailand a few years ago I ate many Thai curries and unfortunately this was a mile away from the traditional dish. We had other dishes as well and were underwhelmed. Surprised at all the glowing reviews here and question if they are genuine. 
Hello, I had to let you all know that on the 26th of May Friday early afternoon around 14:00 me and my partner decided to get a quick bite after a short day of work before we travelled away for the Bank Holiday weekend.  
A couples night out, with ££ to spend - no kids - sort of date night - the guys and girls equally excited about a bit of R&R (away from kids) and catching up with friends. EVERYTHING was awful - food, service, drinks - we ended up choosing bottles of wine to avoid the HUGE BAR wait. BUSY and EXPENSIVE. Avoid 
Okay, I expect chefs dread the word 'vegan' on a booking, but when the table was booked for a birthday celebration we were assured that 'we have many vegans here' and that it was completely 'unnecessary' to drop by to discuss dishes in advance. But the management at Daphne's clearly did not mean any of this. The rather hapless waiter appeared to be improvising when he offered a salad for starter and a plate of vegetables as a main. This is an Italian restaurant where polenta should be in season, wild mushrooms are in abundance and where one would expect some kind of imaginative solution to a vegan guest- especially as we gave considerable advance warning. Instead, I had to suggest that perhaps some gran duro pasta could be knocked up, at which point a light seemed to come on the the waiter's head and he offered to add some vegetables to the dish. Genius. He suggested linguine, I received spaghetti, not just average spaghetti, but possibly the most overlooked and tasteless spaghetti ever, with a pile of broccoli smothered in a tart tomato sauce. This was appalling. It had all begun so well, with the kitchen gaining some sort of ironic vegan awareness points by pointing out that if my name was written in chocolate on the pudding plate they would only be able to use milk chocolate ( clearly, dark chocolate is beyond their reach), so why were we absolutely badly let down by the meal itself? The room was hot, the service frenzied and the food for the non vegans deemed just above average. By far the best part of the dining experience were the beautiful prints lining the upstair's corridor. Daphne's used to have great service and style. What has happened ? Of course it's expensive. Of course no apology was forthcoming. 
We were enjoying a night out with cocktails and dinner and noticed our waitress was visibly sick. Blowing her nose and at no point washing her hands between doing so then handling food. I said to my girl friends at the time watch out we will all be sick next week.  
We went here for some cocktails to celebrate my sister's birthday on a Saturday afternoon. I was hugely disappointed with the service - not only were there not enough staff making drinks, the barman gave me serious attitude about making a cocktail and after waiting 15 minutes waiting for service and then waiting for the drink to be made, I was given a martini in a pint glass as he had run out of glasses. To make it even worse, he squished a raspberry to the rim of the glass with his dirty fingers having just wiped down the the bar. 
Unfortunately, if you want a clean relaxing place to enjoy a drink, this 
I was told that this place was good and that the pizza was fantastic, so decided to go . I managed to book s table for 2 at 1230 for an hour on their website powered by design my night I think .. anyway I arrived on time to find an empty place . My companion for lunch was late so I told to a dark haired woman , wearing a colourful flowery top, probably the manager, that I was going to order immediately as I was hungry and then when the other person arrived we could always order more . I Only managed to order some mineral water with this manager . I then went to the toilet and when I came back I was ignored by each and every waiter, despite the place being empty, with only 2-3 tables, the first populated with families of 4 and the second with 6 guests , and mine . After more than 20 minutes and no waitress or waiter ever taking my order , eventually the manager did ask what I wanted to eat and I finally ordered a pizza piccante , priced at 13.5 pounds. 10 minutes after I placed the order a young waitress came to ask if I was ready to order. I told her that I had ordered my pizza with the manager already . 20 or more minutes later , again after being ignored by every staff , and after noticing that my food was still not coming , the manager appeared with the wrong pizza, one with Tuscan sausage and red onions, which I did not wanted or ordered . I then just left. 
Visited as all bar ones are very good normally. This one wasn't. No table service. Ordered at bar, the bar man was friendly. The drinks were fine. Coffee was a no go due to the machine being broken. And had been for a while. Ordered food and waited about 15 minutes for some sandwiches. Chips that I ordered were cold. The sandwiches were ok but cool not hot. One was a fish finger wrap and the other a steak baguette which was never a fillet steak as advertised. Was a very small amount of steak also. 6 staff at the bar and not one came and asked how the food was. Rubbish experience.  
Ordered a takeaway delivery don't go there very very very bad waited an hour very expensive sushi was tasteless and very small potions will never go there again. 
Out celebrating my husband's birthday, we met an incredibly rude bar man called Adam - a small, plump chap with black hair and a black beard. He insulted one of our party at the bar and then pushed me. I'm a mature lady and was very upset by his rude and bullish behaviour. What a shame - as the waiter had been an absolute dream, finding us a table and being extremely polite all night. 
Lovely place, great location .. but cocktails were not the best, over priced.. average at best... better off going to spoons more for your money and lot cheaper, we paid £16.50 for two cocktails.. not impressed  
What a disgusting place! Tables where your arms stick to them as they are unclean. A manager who has never been on a customer service course and doesn't know what a smile is. And they are unable to cater for people as they were too busy to take an order before the clock changed to the hour (even though he wasn't doing anything for the 10 mins up to the change of the clock)! 
Thought we would try Breakfast here as we usually go to 'Bills'. Went for Breakfast on a Sunday morning . Terrible service. Left waiting for ages then got the order wrong. Chef also seemed frustrated as waiters not collecting food from him as it started to stack up. Waiter blamed shortage of staff. Will not be going back for a second helping. 
My friend was celebrating her birthday on 30th November and another friend of mine was having dinner as well. She wanted some mayonnaise with her fries so I asked the waiter for some but was told to go to the bar staff to get some although he was not busy at all. I went to the bar but they were busy serving drinks to other customers. My friend ended up going to the kitchen to get some herself in the end. I talked to the waiter afterwards and asked him if he works in the service industry but he had no clue why I asked so I told him that his behaviour was unacceptable as I did ask politely. Shocking..... 
I visited All bar one on Monday the 31st of Oct. I was taking my grandmother for lunch, I used to work in bars and completely understand when table service is only for customers indoors, which is completely understandable. But after waiting for our food for TWO people for half an hour and having our sweet potato fries being burnt and cold, the waiter had ran away before I could even ask for a sauce/ tell him the fries were cold. He didn't offer us any sauces what's so ever, nor did he come and check if our food tasted ok or cleared our plates. When I eventually went in to pay I pointed out to a lady behind the bar that the service wasn't great outside. A waiter next to her snapped at me instantly - "We don't serve outside" I completely understand that you don't serve outside that doesn't mean you neglect the customers outside? I love all bar one. But sort the staff out! 
We went to buy 2 bento boxes for takeaway. One was chicken teriyaki and yaki tori bento. The chicken was fried and covered in teriyaki sauce! We was meant to get miso soup but they gave us curry sauce! The taste of the food was disgusting, definitely not Japanese food... no wonder the restaurant was empty. They rely on Just Eat for delivery to survive!!! 
Don't waste your time ordering on a Saturday night as you will be waiting for hours! We've ordered quite a few times from Ding Dong recently & it has become my husbands favourite take away but the last few times we've ordered on a Saturday we've been waiting for too long. 
Both the bars at the Dorchester are just random. The main hotel bar is pretty rubbish if you ask me. I read a review that described it as cosy and to me it was the furthest thing away from cosy.  
My party of four were the only diners apart from a large noisy conference group. The food tasted ok but we could not talk to one another. They should not mix these two types of bookings. No apology from anyone. As they do not warn you on their website, I strongly recommend going elsewhere.  
Very limited menu, was empty when we tried to go, but we ended up leaving due to lack of variety. The place looks nice enough and I love Italian food, but they really need to expand their menu options. Had a much more enjoyable experience at De Mario's. 
We’ve used Olives and The Baileys for the past 14 years, at least twice a year. Sadly this is our last visit. Booked a table for two at 8pm weeks in advance for a birthday celebration., whilst staying in The Baileys hotel. Turned up and it was full of care in the community Americans wearing name tags. We are not Americans and where not identified by necklace name tags. We were NOT expected, and despite the occasion the staff hurriedly tried to give us a god awful table, at a time when the service would be as bad. We walked away and won’t return to the restaurant or hotel, having been let down in such a monumental way.  
My friend and I came back to Windsor by train after being London. We were walking back to meet the families for a BBQ but had time for a drink so dropped into All Bar One by the station at about 7pm. 
Went in with my girlfriend, ordered two Rib-eye steaks both cooked MR, my partners was cooked perfectly mine was MW, sent back, cooked me another, raw, cooked me another MW. Left still had to pay for the other steak even tho my meal was ruined. 
I assume this to be my mistake for not realising that you need to order at the bar yourself. If not, you will simply wait at your table forever (I lasted 20 min before giving up) .  
May 14 2019. Awful! Poor starter - oil poor quality. Had to request more balsamic. Tasteless olives. No salt and pepper on the table. Food took way too long to come. Lasagne- very small and definitely over priced at £16. King prawn linguini- inedible. When we told waiter that it wasn't edible, there was no subsequent action. E.g. Apology from management or removed from bill. So disappointing as we were celebrating a birthday. Never again! We'll be telling everyone we know to steer well clear of this place. 
Not been in a while, will not be returning...waited 30 minutes to not be served as gave up...not enough staff for a Friday night, staff looked harassed and stressed. Went to the ladies..it was disgusting...toilet paper strewn across the floor, swimming in probably 2 inches of vile water...needless to say I didn't bother ...my friend and I left.. 
It’s an extremely over pretentious hotel and restaurant and act like there’s something they act like they’re so important and you’re not and you’re the customer also when you asked for but her three times from three different leaders because they don’t understand that’s pretty bad and when it takes an hour and a half to eat a three course meal which consisted of salad and appetizer and a main portion probably longer than an hour and a half that’s pretty bad the way between the meal and the appetizer was 35 minutes 
Went for lunch whilst waiting for friends touring the castle..... Busy at circa 1300 but not full. 
Name and shame, Rabii the rude waiter. 
Looks great from the outside but inside it is a disorganised business. They can't get your food to you on time or correct even when there seems to be an equal amount of staff to customers, oh customer, are those the annoying people that come in to spend hard earned cash,  
Not only was the service poor the food was at best indifferent and overpriced. The wine list incredibly expensive. Not a good experience just can't understand why anyone would bother to go. Only saving grace was meeting up with a couple of good friends...................none of us will be going back ! 
We been treated like we are not welcome by the manager, specially the general manager.at the desk the staff was unwelcoming.the place is for rich people, if you are not you not welcome there. 
Visited here with my mother for a few drinks in the afternoon and we walked in and nobody acknowledged us so we sat at the bar waiting to be served and not ONE member of staff even acknowledged we were there! We didn't get asked what we wanted to drink or even told they would be with us in a second! The staff just kept chatting and walking past and then when we finally said something we got told where we were sat is "not a serving area"!!! At the bar really?! Rude irritating staff who clearly have no customer service skills.  
Always held up as a beacon in the London Bar scene as a sophisticated venue. Last saturday night it was like chav city - seemed like the place was overun with weekenders from Essex and gypsys from wherever. All this complicated by a private function having pre-dinner drinks making it nearly impossible to get into the bar as they were blocking the entrance - also probably in contravention to the fire regulations. Also evidence this was an extension of the hotels "business centre". Avoid !! 
We decided to try out this restaurant when we couldn't get a table at Bills. The waitress seated us and said she would come back with menus. She then came back to the table next to us, and took their order. She then came back and said 'Welcome' not realising she had previously seated us. I reminded her that she said she would bring menus and she headed off again, brining us menus shortly after. A bit later she took our order and we awaited our food. Half an hour later she came to tell us that our food would be another 40 minutes as they had had a big party who had booked come in. We decided not to wait so she bought us our drinks bill. We can't comment on the food but feel that the service was poor and lacked professionalism. There was no apology and I felt that she could at least have offered us a discount on the drinks. 
I had lunch with my two children, the whole nexperience was terrible. 
Called in for an evening meal decided on two course for £10 starter was crispy calamari . It was just crispy batter . Main was piri piri chicken when it came it was one very tiny piece of chicken and the chips were thinner than mc donalds I know it was a meal deal and don't expect masses but this was a total rip off in quality .quantity and value you are better off spending a few pounds more and getting the above quality quantity and value elsewhere we will never go back there for food as there are many many eateries in the surrounding area . Very disappointed customers  
We stayed at the Bailey hotel and had dinner and breakfast at the Olive restaurant. For dinner we ordered pasta dishes and although we ordered a portion with no pork the pasta had a strong flavour of pork .when we addressed our concerns the waitress dismissed our concerns in a rude manner stating it’s not possible. 
If you want to be treated rudely, especially by the bartender named Ruben who thinks he’s very important and in a flurry he’s throwing stuff etc. then this is the place for you. he should be fired. Rude is his title. You should try a little less action in motion and focus more on what he’s doing he even treated the woman collie like garbage. Said he needs to be fired he is not an asset to Olives. 
I was really looking forward to an amazing meal after the rugby World Cup final. I was then really tempted by the "Wagyu Beef Burger" which obviously suggests amazingly expensive and tasty beef. It also costs a lot more too - probably because of the quality of the meat suggested! It was SO DISAPPOINTING! We asked for medium and it came back seriously well done. We were then told the restaurant does not have a special licence to cook food medium rare! WHAT?! Then the burgers - rather than look like a home made burger looked like a thick, hard, frozen steak house grill. The restaurant dealt well with my disappointment and got me another burger but it was SO DISAPPOINTING from a brand that suggests quality! 
Can't really say anything about the food, as I am still waiting to be served! There seems to be a waitress around but the moment she spots a customer looking in her direction she moves into the other ! Oh, maybe I got it wrong and you need to order at the bar? 
The drinks are good value for money especially in the location it is situated however the male owner (tattoo man) leaves a lot to be desired. Horrible personal appearance, Walking around looking busy yet didn't seem to be interested in any customers,language was disgusting along with some of the comments to the staff members! I feel extremely sorry for the member of staff he was talking about to the short dark haired waitress! Wouldn't recommend this all bar one.  
The service was the worst. I had two drinks. The first one was great and but i needed to change bc it was paper spilled over it. They brought the second drink which had no alcohol. And i thought maybe was a mistake. So i asked for clarific. They insistied that the drink was fine. I am a bartender on my own and sure i know when a drink has alco. Or not. I sure will never go there again anf if u go there dont u dare tell them something is wrong with the food or drinks, they will stand and argue with you how their food is great, but its you the one who has issue. 
We arrived at around 1pm, the restaurant was not busy at all. We ordered drinks, within 15 minutes they had not come, we had to go to the bar and chase them. Once they did come, the glasses were filthy, we had to go to the bar and request new ones. Our starters did not arrive until an hour after we arrived, we also had to chase a member of staff for these too. Once we had finished our main, the waiter came to confirm our main course orders, he also did not take our starters plates away. We then waited over 30 minutes for our main courses. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience. We will definitely not be visiting again. 
Service was ok but the food was not. The starter of deep fried calamari, prawns, cod and kale had rubbery calamari, and under cooked prawns. The main course lamb shank was tough and mostly gristle and served with 3 chips in an egg cup. Meal was sent back to the kitchen and the explanation from the kitchen was that it was the way the meat was cut. Never had a tough lamb shank before - if cooked properly it should fall away from the bone. Been here twice before when food was good but will not return again - very disappointed. 
The food was tasty, the service was the worst we have ever experienced. The previous theatre memu looked OK, but when one of our main couses came it was not as on the menu, one item was missing.  
My colleague and I stopped off after work. Upon arrival and finding a seat we were ignored by multiple members of staff. Once decided on drinks my colleague was informed that they could not make an espresso martini as they were out of a particular product, which we understood as we ourselves are in the hospitality industry. After enjoying the drinks that were brought over to us we decided on ordering two different drinks, after throughly enjoying the first. These were made by a different member of staff. This member of staff didn't seem to realise the difference between a white champagne and rosé, after pouring it into a shot glass and exclaiming "why is it flat and how has turned pink?" After waiting and asking for a tray to carry the drinks back to our table myself we then referred to the drinks menu and confirming that the drinks had been served without the described garnish. I then returned to the bar to enquire to the bar man who first made our drinks, being informed again that they had ran out of the appropriate garnish but still made and served without informing us, which we were less understanding about as we were not told prior. I then questioned why we were given a shot glass filled with champagne, the response being fairly vague "you can do what you want with it". After returning to the table with this information we were then told that the bar would close in 5 minutes which we acknowledged, then being told by a second member of staff that we needed to pay our bill as they wanted to take the tills upstairs, looking and seeing that there was three other groups in the bar we went and paid our bill feeling disappointed. When two ladies entered the bar attempting to order and being told that the bar had closed five minutes ago, and informed "Their best bet would be a wetherspoons down the road" and after our experience we knew they would get better service there. Doubt we will be returning. 
I had 15 minute before a train so I thought I would go into this bar for a drink. 
Yesterday I visited with my friend, the place was little bit quite for a Saturday evening. Nobody sat us down, I had to wave to all the waiters to take my order, to ask for something about the menu, for the bill. I ordered the nachos -a huge disappointment - very hot, sauces did not not have any sauce. Then it was ridiculous, some people just left and nobody came to clear their table, other people came and imagine that - they had to clear their table. A waitress or manager ( she was wearing different clothes) came and took the glasses from the other table and it was .. I am out of words. Very poor experience, I also ordered the brookies and ice cream - this was quite good. But my friend made the mistake to go to the toilet, she came out immediately, because she explained that this was the most disgusting toilet of a cafe she had ever seen! And finally, I feel sorry for the only waitress there - she was literally exhausted and nobody cared. 
Terrible service by manager Mike Collins... Staff member spilt and entire pint over a member of our party and the manager came over aggressive and refuse compensation. The managers actions were out of order and completely unacceptable. He should be fired for such an attitude to customers. Would refuse to go again purely due to such poor customer service from the manager. How can all bar one accept accept people working for then like this. Accidents happen but there is no excuse for such an attitude to a customer by the manager. 
Very disappointed with the service and staff. Slow to serve and very dismissive of older customers. Saw a guy have spilt drink all over him and the heavily tattooed owner threatening him. Anyone under 21, female and British should have a good time by the looks of it! AVOID! 
The food was nice but the service was very poor indeed. I had to get up and ask for menus and no one came to the table to take my order, so I went to the bar to order food. The barman did not want to take my order and told me to wait for table service from a waitress. I explained that I did not enjoy being ignored and would appreciate if he could take my food order. 
Went with a work colleague for cocktails after we had finished work and asked for two cosmopolitans..once made my colleague asked for a slice of orange which the waitress/barmaid replied that they didn't have any so we paid and went and sat down, to which my colleague noticed a lady having a slice on orange in her drink which we were told they didn't have!!! Having tried our cocktails which were horrible it was not a cosmopolitan at all more like vodka and cranberry juice my colleague took the drinks back to the waitress that served us and said how poor they were and to query as to why she had said they had no orange as they clearly did!! She replied very rudely and simply said what do you want me to do about it? There was no apology or anything like that, as she was so rude we asked to speak to the manager who also did not give us an apology and simply said we could have our money back however this was only for one cocktail not for both!!! As we both work in hospitality we know that a simple apology goes a long way! And sadly we are not going to return as the waitress was very very rude!!!!!! 
I have to say that despite the refurbishment and changes this restaurant qualities have not improved at all! 
We love the food here, however delivery each time we order takes over two hours!!!!! It's crazy! Weekday and weekend we tried to order and every time taken over two hours to come. Iv told the guy on the phone every time and he can only apologise and can't take any money off the next order.  
We went to Olives Restaurant and Bar to celebrate a special occasion and was thoroughly disappointed. The food was fine, but the main took over an hour to arrive but when I pointed this out to the waiter, his response was "yeah well it's a public holiday, so what do you want?". Not a single apology. I will not be going back. 
After discovering the bruschetta we ordered was without basil as described we asked our server to correct this. This was taken to the kitchen only to have the same bitten pieces returned to us ten minutes later with a few small pieces of cut basil sprinkled on top. Totally unacceptable!! 
We arrived at 9:30pm and got our menus. After waiting for 10mins we tried to attract our waiters attention which took another 5mins. 
If you're a somebody then great! The sycophantic maître d' talking to us one minute in an extremely cramped bar area then just disappeared mid sentence to suck up to Boris Becker and Sol Campbell. Kept waiting at bar for half an hour before being taken to table late. Tables are extremely tightly packed together that waiting staff could not serve everybody and had to ask us to pass plates around!! You could here everyone's conversation (especially the loud Americans on the next table) except for our own. The supervisor was rude abrupt and could not cope with the pressure of a busy restaurant. He was sloppy with his service and unprofessional in chastising his colleagues in front of us. Food was acceptable but did not justify the high prices! Seems that this restaurant is a victim of its own success but really has lost its way since my previous visit. We will not be coming back! Shame... 
Went for a romantic meal. Inadequate heating not being rectified as we had same problem last Winter. Excuse was given about high ceiling and old building etc but they need to get more Heaters!! Food went cold v quickly so all round poor experience. The waiter was attentive though, otherwise I would say no stars. Cocktail tasted as though there was no alcohol in it and at 8.75 a shot, v disappointing. 
What a nightmare! My friends and I booked this bar for drinks after our dinner and we knew it was the last place we’d go before the second lockdown. We ordered two last drinks each at 9.15 and didn’t receive them until 9.45 which we flagged several times and said we weren’t happy with. The security then asked us to leave at 9.50 to which I said I wasn’t happy to pay the bill at full price as I said I couldn’t finish my drinks in time, the staff argued and the manager was so rude that she ushered us to leave without finishing our drinks ensuring that we had to pay full price. Just to add these drinks were pornstar martinis and they were given to us in water glasses which were priced at £10 per cocktail!!!!! I was disgusted and disappointed to hear that they could do nothing for us. They cannot cope with the Covid restrictions and cannot deal with the service they are proud to represent I wouldn’t waste your time! 
The worst service and appalling pizza!  
Came with three friends hoping for a nice meal and drinks before going into tier 3. Couldn’t go wrong with the food had a lovely caramel cheesecake. Although the service must be the worst I have ever experienced had waited 20 minutes just for the waiter to ask for our drinks but by this point we ordered both our drinks and food as had been far too long. Finally food came half an hour late again more time having to wait. When we had finished our food the plates were just left with the waiters walking around not bothering to collect them. We then finally had to get the waiters attention again to order our desert which was a icecream platter. Another half an hour gone by for it to then arrive where we were given no spoons to go with the desert. I then asked the waiter for a couple of spoons for the desert and a glass of water as at this point I was very thirsty which never actually came which was very disappointing as our ice-cream ended up melting. Then had to wait around again for them to sort out the bill so we could actually leave this horrendous place. This place has gone very downhill as the food is really decent but service needs sorting out as is a massive let down. 
I have been at the Oak many times and i always thought they had a good pizza. Since Covid they closed for many months but i dont think was down to covid. Anyway i was there recently i paid for a diavola £ 15 plus 10% vat and plus 15% discretionary service charge. To the management: Stop ripping off customers with your hidden suggerge..  
Having been shown to our table of 4, we were left for half an hour before any of the staff attended to us. No shortage of staff they were just too busy doing nothing. Food was cold and not very nice. Worst service I have ever had having lived in London 30 years. To add to the experience, all customers were locked out of the bathrooms, you were expected to find reception and request a key. I'm sure that hotel policy could have some health and wellbeing implications. 
The food was bad. Being Indian, we can tell if the food is fresh or bad and we have no problem adjusting to different variations in taste of food. In this context, to be specific the food had gone bad. We had called to express the concern and instead of gathering input kept defending/arguing without giving a chance to express and trying to teach us the meaning of Tandoor and when the conversation wasn't going well since we did ask for our money back as we cannot eat this food and have our money gone for no reason, the manager threatens us on leaving a review online. 
After seeing the reviews, I ordered the food and even spent 12 for delivery . The food is spoilt, stale and the meat terrible . Filled with Artificial color to appease the eyes, 
We visited here New Year’s Eve. Yes it was NYE, but our booking was for 7.30. Our starters arrived at 10pm, that should have given us a warning! Food was cold, service terrible, it wasn’t even full on the night. Can’t believe how terrible it was, had many great evenings here, will never visit again. Home for toast and marmite. Gutted. And disgusted. 
Been once before here and had a good meal, very reasonable prices at the time but in the space of a couple of months not the same. I took my husband who is intolerant to spice. When we gave our order we asked that the lamb tandoori had no spice. Long story short the dish arrive spicy, we got the dish changed to a korma but my husband had already had 2 trips to the toilets to be sick ☹️ the night was ruined. I felt a decent restaurant would of took the bill and shredded it and apologised but no such thing. Although I did ask them to take off the service charge as I wasn't happy and nor was my husband . I won't be back again.  
Whilst accepting the prices are typical for this area of London . However charging for the bread on the table and the cheese appetisers, when you haven’t asked for it was outrageous . Not leaving the water on the table was also strange and restrictive !  
Three of us elected to eat the cheese soufflé one evening recently. It was a poorly conceived dish. The texture of the food was unpleasant, the taste was cloyingly rich but surprisingly lacking in flavour - none of us could taste any cheese in the food. This came at the cost of £21 per serving and, to add to the feelings of being ripped off, a single dish of spinach was charged at £5.50. We will give the place a second chance, but there is a lot of leeway to make up. 
Used to be an excellent restaurant with great service. Despite recent negative local social media posts about Simla Pink I decided to take my family for Sunday Dinner.  
We booked a party for lunch for 10 ladies..... the waiter was rude unhelpful and not welcoming at all, dishes didn't arrive or turned up late ...when questions were asked he said its pasta yep we kind of figured that by the title could you help a little as we dont all speak Italian......there was a great deal for three coarses which I think we would have all taken up the offer this wasnt pointed out and as the menu folded open you missed the front page.... overpriced I dont think ive ever paid nearly £40.00 for water in my life and I been to some great resturants, underserved, underseasoned... the surrounds are lovely, but the service is terrible.... we waited so long for the bill I was hungry again.... 
Portions are extremely small and ridiculously expensive. Never evet will go there again. I ordered sea bass with potatoes but there were no potatoes it was just a very very small portion. Too bad I wasted my money on such a poorly garnished plate.m 
We went here last night. The food was ok but the service was abominable. From the minute we arrived at 2145, they were rushing us. The staff couldnt wait to close at 2300, even though we hadnt finished our drinks. Wouldnt go again. 
Banquet meal for two. The restaurant was not busy on our arrival the manager appeared abrupt and load, seated to the rear of the restaurant. Incredible long wait for food and drink, heard manager shouting at kitchen staff when he entered every time. I called him over and told him I was going to leave and asked for the bill before the main course. He told me it was just coming. My guest's dish was definitely not what we ordered and my chicken shashlik was raw in the middle of the pieces, which I unfortunately only noticed after eating a few. I AM NOW ILL. The manager was rude and condescending NEVER AGAIN 
What's happened to this nice bar? Food slow and rubbish, awful staff. After waiting for 40 min for cold platter we were told they were very busy, looked around and the place was almost empty and no one was eating. Left most of the food as it was tasteless. When complaint the manager said she did not care. REALLY!!?? 
For the cost of the menu the meal was extremly underwhelming... £19 for a tuna steak and a tiny bit of salad... the pork belly for £16 was just that with the tiniest sliver of salad, meant to be served with sundried tomoatos and I found 1 tiny trim and that was it... ended up going somewhere else aftewards as the meal didn't come close to filling us... the pork belly was tasty but for £19 I'd expect to be filled. 
Take-away - Promised to deliver within a hour, but eventually took over an hour and a half to turn up on a Saturday night. Starters stone cold with really tough chicken. Mains vaguely warm and tasty but some of the chicken so tough it was inedible. 
A miserable experience overall. Overpriced food with lots of onions and tomatoes to bulk up mediocre dishes, 
Kadiri used to be good when the old man was in charge. The food was very tasty. Now the two sons have taken over and since then the food has been disgusting and the prices have rocketed. The younger son thinks he is a Chef, trying to create posh desserts! Seems like he has changed the biryani recipe as well. Biriyani is full of tomato paste. Such a shame. Also, there PR has always been terrible (including the old man).They never give discounts or anything complementary. 
I usually order from Cardamon in Petts wood but thought I would try Shimla Pink. All the food when it arrived was like warm and swimming in oil, the Bombay potatoes were so oil soaked they just looked like mush. The chicken tikka special which is meant to be medium hot had no flavour and was as hot as a Korma?! The pitta was cold and hardly any coconut in it. Really disappointed, won't order from here again. My partners meal was the same... bland and cold!  
My family and I have been using this restaurant for over 20 years! Never again after the way my family was treated this evening! I made a regular order as I normally do on a Friday night usually at 6 ish pm as I know it won’t be too busy. After 1 hour and maybe 10 mins I called to ask where my food was and was greeted by Kayla who told it would be 10 mins “ my dear”! After 15 mins I called back and told them I have now waited an hour and half. They told me it wasn’t an hour and half that in fact it was an hour and 10 mins! I asked Kayla if I could have a discount seeing as we are waiting for our food and she said it would be with my family in 10 mins which would make that nearly one and a half hours! After one and a half hours I called back asking where my food is and again Kayla answered was rude and spelled here name out to me as I said I may complain. Kayla rudely passed me on to the so called manager Ibrahim who again told me my food would be in 10 mins! After 10 mins I called back no food arrived and my family have now left my house. I asked for a discount again and again I was refused! Ibrahim told me the best he could do for me was being on time the next delivery I made! Seriously is this customer service?? My food arrived one hour and forty five minutes cold and not packed properly ( leaking) no discount ( it’s not about the money) and very disappointed family! Thank you vert much Kayla and Ibrahim will never use you again! Yours Sincerely Customer For 20 Years. 
Food is okay. Service is always appalling. Might bring my team here to show how it's not done. Noisy cutlery polishing whilst eating. Order wrong and drinks not on bill for some reason.  
We met friends that travelled up from Rochester and met them in Orpington. 
The table was wobbly our drinks kept tipping over the lady did not change our seating place. 
Nice setting but that's about it! The blond waitress was extremely rude and made us all feel very unwelcome. After an extremely long wait, the food arrived at which point I felt like walking out but for the sake of my 3 year old and stayed until finished. Might be good for a pint but not recommended if you want food or friendly service. 
2nd time in this restaurant. The first time the food was tasteless but I thought may be a one off experience. The food is horrible.... Just chicken chunks covered in a sauce. Even the mixed gril had no taste and the onion barges doughy in the middle. I have no idea why this restaurant has so many good trip advisor reports and there are always so many people in the restaurant! 
We dropped in for a quick drink after a family Christmas party. As we were leaving, a staff member followed us out and accused us of stealing a pint glass. I've been in London for a year and this is the worst treatment I've received. I don't know if they have a problem with pint glass theft (what is that even?) but it doesn't feel nice to be judged.  
We ordered our first takeaway from Shimla Pink having enjoyed eating at their restaurant. Don't use them for take aways! We waited 90 minutes for our delivery, and during that time we phoned to find out where our (small) order was, only to be dismissed with a curt comment that "we are busy tonight and can't cope". When to food finally arrived the first thing the man said was "don't worry, it is hot", of course it wasn't, not even warm. This has been a terrible customer experience from start to finish. 
Waited an hour & a half, food was cold & naan bread soggy & tasteless. Curry not very nice also one starter missing,ended up in the bin for the price £40! 
Biryani is good but pathetic service. Staff are rude and unhelpful. They charge 20 for delivery and my order was 2 hours late. When I called staff they will least bit interested. Never ordering again  
This is without doubt the worst place in have eaten. The food was utterly disgusting and the service was completely abhorrent. Rude staff, bland, oily, flavourless food. 
Terrible takeaway service- missing items, 20 min wait for new food that couldn't eat & didn't offer any discount next time  
We went here for lunch as it has such a nice location on the river. It’s been done out in a shabby chic style- I think the idea is to bring a bit of London cool to Kingston with a few eccentric touches but I personally wasn’t keen on the mismatch of old furniture with ripped dirty cushions, and the toilets were exactly like the utilitarian ones in a 1980s school. I’ll give them points for trying something different as I’m sure some people will like it.  
Walked in a Sunday afternoon for their Sunday buffet which was once good value and tasty. Now found the place empty...no waiters around...and when we did find somebody it looked like we we more of a problem to him than actual customers. However buffet was poor with not much choice so we decided to eat a bit and leave. Not an experience to be repeated. 
Put an order in at 7.15 pm and it's 10 pm and still waiting, just got it and it's all cold over £50 on a cold take away ,, never again !!!! 
Hi curry lovers I have used Shimla for a long time but recently the speed of delivery and standard of food has decreased. I had hoped as I was a customer of long standing if I complained I would receive a reply. However this was not the case I'm afraid, I will watch with interest to see if any other customers say the same. But for now I am avoiding the restaurant and sampling alternatives. 
I have been here a few time over the last couple of years, initially attracted because of its great location. The food has been of an okay standard, nothing special. However my most recent visit in April 2013 was spectacularly bad and I won't be going again any time soon. 
My husband and I thought it would be a nice idea to stop by the bar at our hotel for a couple of drinks - how wrong we were. We ordered two cocktails and had to wait about 20 minutes for them to arrive. They were very average. Then we waited another 15 minutes for olives that never arrived. Turns out the waitress never placed the order. When we got to the bar another patron complained that his drink had not arrived for some time and he was 'getting thirsty'. We won't be back again. 
We booked a table for four,8pm sat eve 7thDec. Arrived on time I held the door for my friends while my Wife spoke to I believe the manager who walked away down to the end of the restaurant,and did not return. Another member of staff with a small pony tail who said our t able was not ready would be 5/10 ,he then suggested we should sit down in the 4 only seats at the bar and have a drink ,we asked why our table was not ready he said we have given it to some other people when we could see our name on the list of customers for 8pm which he proceeded to cross out with a pen. No apology if he had offered us a drink on the house we maybe would have waited but his arrogant attitude was the green light to leave. I was very disappointed and embarrassed because I was treating my friends to the meal as a reciprocal favour. PS we found a delightful Italian Trattoria called Da Vinci Petts Wood //////////////// Shimla never again !!!!!!! 
We visited this curry house on Orpington High Street last night. We should have been worried when we arrived as, despite the restaurant being close to full, not a single table had a plate of food on it.  
We ordered a takeaway from this restaurant and this must be the worst Indian food I have ever tasted. We ordered prawns which were £18 each and received 4 prawns per person. The prawns were over cooked that they were mushy. The curry sauce which we ordered separately was also terrible. I'm so gutted we spent £40 plus for terrible tasting food, here the only item of food which was nice was the salad - and that was free.  
I ordered the linguine with clam, broccoli fried in garlic. The first time the pasta came, I asked the waiter for some moderate amount of parmesan cheese, after I mixed it well and tasted it was super salty (and the clam is unchewable)! I tried to bear with it but couldn't, so I had to ask the waiter. They brought it back to the kitchen and later came back to tell me that kitchen would cook a new one for me and this time without salt. I waited pretty long for the new pasta to come and only found out it was almost as salty as the previous one, and the broccoli was nowhere to be seen. I talked to the waiter, but they told me the kitchen added no salt this time. In the end, I only finished a few mouthful of the pasta and decided it had totally destroyed my palate for the night and left the place. 
Service was so slow it was ridiculous. Took them forever to serve us and we were the only people in there when we wanted to order.  
Went to this restaurant for my birthday meal, seemed lovely but I was wrong. To start of with the waiter dropped my drink down me and was far from apologetic, just handed me some tissue to dry myself with. The food took ridiculously long to come despite only one other table being occupied. The woman working there was on her phone the entire time, it took her almost 20minutes to come and clear our table after we had finished our meal, despite her looking over to us several times; she continued to sit on her phone. By this point we were all fed up and just wanted to leave, nobody approached us to ask if we would like anything else or the bill, instead we had to go up and ask them ourselves as we were tired of waiting. When we received the bill, we asked politely if we could remove the service charge as I had my drink practically thrown over me, I’m not too sure why we were so surprised to see the woman roll her eyes at us and walk away to go and speak to another colleague...just plain rude. 20 minutes after leaving the restaurant I realised that I had left my birthday card on the table (it was in a pretty obvious place), so I called them up and asked if they could keep hold of it...shock horror, the guy on phone said that there was no card on the table and that the woman had cleared the table after we had left. Not being funny, they had my brothers number as he had made the reservation, it would’ve been nice for them to call us to say that I had left something behind. Anyway, the guy said that he would speak to woman and call me back...did they call me back? No! Honestly can’t believe how appalling the customer service was, I will not be returning and I most certainly will not be recommending it to anyone else. 
Food was good, however, if you're expecting to pay around £50 for a meal for two you expect the whole experience to be good. This was not the case. 
Just ordered a takeaway from here for the first and last time.. first impressions were that the portions were small. My family noticed a funny smell in the room while we were eating and when I tried the spinach bhaji I realised exactly what it was, yuk, awful sour taste I’ve actually kept it incase I get ill from it. 
Ive been to Shimla pink a few times and two of the times the bill has had extra drinks added into it. The 1st time was with a large party and was over £40 worth, the 2nd time was just four people but £15 was added, both times the bill was written by the same person, and the same excuse was given when the bill was queried. I won't be going back again which is a shame as the food is very nice.  
Visited Shimla Pink before and enjoyed lovely food in a nice atmosphere for a reasonable price, unfortunately it appears to have changed. The food was less than mediocre, what happened to the spices?, no flavour, a disappointing meal to say the least and the service left a lot to be desired, we were 'forgotten' and in the end just asked for the bill, it's such a shame as the restaurant had been a nice place to go and enjoy a curry. I wouldn't even bother getting a takeaway from there. 
I was so happy to have ordered takeaway from here a few months ago as it was very authentic and reminded me of my mums cooking. Based on that I ordered again a few nights ago and sadly it seems the chef has changed as the food was awful, chapatis were dry and more like roti or flat bread, the chicken tikka wings were tasteless and I had to pay the bathroom several visits within an hour of eating it! I have now had to take a day off work and go to the doctors I've been so sick all day. When I called to inform them of my issues it seems they couldn't care less and I spoke to a very rude young man who put me on hold for five minutes before a manager came on who was just as rude and uncaring! 
Food ok albeit cold, but let down by appalling customer service. Takeaway estimate 60 mins, chased after 75 mins and got told it was still in the kitchen. Arrogant staff, no apology. Arrived after 120mins after ordering - positively(!) we had a very apologetic delivery driver. There are good and hardworking catering companies trying to survive in this time and unfortunately Shimla Pink are not one of them; hopefully customers vote with their feet. Wouldn’t be sorry to see these guys close. 
Terrible delivery service. Used a few times and promised delivery takes 2 hours over promised time. Not able to contact by phone as they dont answer when they have a backlog. No contact to advise on late delivery. No apology.  
The dishes weren't washed properly, I asked to have one more clean and they brought me another dirty dish. 
Came with a friend and was bluntly told to "sit in corner." Staff unfriendly.  
Can say much about the food as it has been 2 hours and it is still to be delivered despite (apparently) just coming out the kitchen 30 minutes ago. 
We have waited one hour to be served whereas there were not a lot of people in the restaurant. 1 hour just for pasta is too much. Also it was really expensive for what we had (my mom had 12 pasta in her plate...). 
Nothing to say but the fact that they are shamelessly profitteering. Four beers nearly £40? Come on, I appreciate business has been poor for the past six months but you're going the wrong way about enticing customers in. 
I booked a table for 7 for this afternoon as my mother and I have birthday's very close together and like the family to celebrate together. I saw Woody's on instagram and read the reviews and booked thinking it would be a nice meal for the both of us - how wrong I was.  
Was really looking forward to a nice Indian takeaway. We both ordered chicken tikka masala, my partner had his slightly spicier which they kindly did for him. However, a tikka masala is supposed to be thick and creamy, both curries were watered down, and just tasted like spicy water, mine just a slightly sweet water. Severely disappointed and can 100% say we will NEVER be ordering from here again. Although they have 30% off online I’d prefer to pay more money and have a decent curry. Other Indian main meals are a lot cheaper and nicer than this one. Safe your money and go somewhere nice!  
Disgusting. The seating was uncomfortable and the fries were greasy and overly salted. They were not worth £4.50!! 0/0 Would not recommend. 
Went to this so called great Indian restaurant recently, where I was greeted by the extremely rude and arrogant owner/manager, where I then ordered a chicken tikka and a nan bread. And much to my horror with in only 5 minutes he presented me with a pile of cold hard orange chewy slop and a cremated nan bread and I only took one bite of the meal to realize it was as horrendous as it looked!!! Nevertheless, I was still forced to pay the bill and service charge on top of that!!! Please people if you have any common sense what so ever, avoid this over rated arrogant dump, as there are much better and cheaper restaurants in London than this horrendous place!!!!!! 
I had been going there for several years, however over some time their food taste and most importantly hygiene standards have dropped immensely. I'm of Asian heritage and their food falls short of Indian home food, it's more Sainsrburys micro curry meal ( no offence intended). 
I don’t think I’ve ever written a bad review, ever, but this place deserves it. Being a business owner I always try to privately give feedback and allow the establishment to rectify whatever the problem is but with plenty this simply isn’t possible as they don’t check or receive their emails. Since discussing my problem with neighbours where I live I’ve also found they’ve been rude and late to pretty much everyone I know that’s ordered from them including a single mum whose kids starting crying after a 40min wait for pizzas she preordered 2hrs in advance for a specific time. I’ve copied and pasted my original message to them which they have ignored (& I never got my money back) I’ve tried to contact them 6 times by multiple means!  
Avoid. Whilst the food has a great reputation, the delivery service leaves you ordering elsewhere because they cannot fulfil. Really disappointing and you again (this twice) have let me down. Don’t compete with home delivery if you cant deliver Plenty. 
If it’s a throwback to the 80s you’re after, then this is the place to go. Alarm bells began ringing when seated at a table in the freezing draught and given menus/wine list printed upside down! Starters were disappointing: focaccia turned out to be flat bread and the mozzarella, avocado & tomato salad was tasteless. The olive oil & balsamic (I had to ask for) failed to inject any life into it. Bland, cheap ingredients. 
My order arrived 15 minutes after placing the order online (clearly pre prepared and then microwaved!) and I still had to reheat at home because it was barely warm.  
Called in as usual on way back from Gatwick to change trains at Kings Cross. This was Remembrance Sunday and despite the station announcement they continued to play loud music through the 1100 period and afterwards. Will find somewhere else the next time I transit the station 
I was looking forward to the sandwich that I had bought, but notice when I opened it one half had no salmon at all in it, and the other half a tiny bit. Thus it had little flavour and was very dry. I felt cheated and conned, not going there ever again. 
Ruined by the fact they wanted to charge me £5 delivery even though spending £30! They should be embarrassed!! 
Pret a Manger is a good example of a good idea gone bad - what once was fresh and innovative has become repetitive and tired. Pret food all tastes the same, their shops all look the same their staff all sound the same which is often quite hard to understand (although their staff are probably the best thing about pret) we really must stop encouraging pret as its an awful operation that will continue to multiply until finally it runs out of punters to support its evil doing. support local independent coffee shops aviod pret stay away !! 
I called at 7.05 pm to order 2 pizzas and a starter was told 45 min wait. Fair eneough. Sat night. Paying £28.80 on card.....at 8.24 pm i called was told it was on its way i actually asked if it had left or was it on its way as i am only a 8 min walk at a slow pace. Was informed it was actually on its way. 15 min later I called back insisted on speaking to the Manager to speak to Tanya. Who informed me hadn't even been ordered. So DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE. For a cafe/pizzeria who rely on local trade. I ordered paid just under £30.00 for nothing in return. 
The wings were the reason we came there and they recently re did the menu and took them off. Can’t understand why! 
Used to come here all the time for the amazing buffalo wings. Really loved them so much and went back the other day only to find they have been removed from the menu?? Please put them back on  
This is my first ever review. Ordered for chicken biriyani and chicken tandoor. rice was OK in the biriyani, but when I started digging in for chicken it was just like any other average restaurant. Tandoor chicken - One of the workst tandoor I have ever seen in my life. It was blood red in colour, hardly marinated and when i asked the waiter, he said, thats how tandoor chicken is as if I have not seen one before. Nightmarish experience...had a little bit and dint feel like eating it. He asked if I wanted to pack it for home - and I said a BIG NO, but felt bad when I was charged like hell for it. They are clearly not Indian and therefore I am not surprised...they should take some lessons before they spoil people's tummy. I am sorry for writing this, but trust the management will make a note of it. I wish I had taken a photo of that chicken to ensure how a tandoor chicken should NOT be made, as I will never ever visit that restaurant again.I feel sorry for those who praise this place. They dont have a clue of what a good Indian food would be like. 
I know that this review is going to stick out like a sore thumb among all the glorious reviews that this restaurant has garnered.  
For an establishment which prides itself on beer, all the pumps were turned around and there was none. We had lager and wine. The were 3 loud swearing screechy bar staff who ignored us. The place was empty and when a few more customers came in, they were visibly annoyed to have to serve. The music was ridiculously loud but actually I quite enjoyed it. We had one drink and left. It was hilarious really and trading off past glories. Don’t recommend,won’t be back. Notting Hill is full of far better and more professionally run places.  
This is not called Briani at all. I came to this restaurant for Briani as it has been highlighted as the best but in fact it is white rice with some colour and lamb sauce 
After finding hair on my daughters plate and her having a sore tummy and diarrhoea for several days after having a meal here we 100% will NOT be coming back - 
Late night stop for a coffee (soya cappuccino and a regular cappuccino) and whilst being served by Brice, who was really nice, we asked if there was anything to eat which was wheat and gluten free as my wife hadn't eaten and has coeliac disease I've unable to eat wheat or gluten containing foods. 
This afternoon, our 2-year old and I met my wife at the bus stop just outside Hampton station. As it was absolutely bucketing down, we took shelter underneath the nearest awning which happened to belong to the cafe. I suggested we go inside and have something while we waited out the thunder storm.  
Extremely slow service with inattentive staff, incorrectly labelled menu items and food overly seasoned with too much garlic or chilli that overpowers any actual flavours that are supposed to be in the dish. 
After me and my partner being a regular customer here for the past year, Probably ordering at least once a week, 1'm afraid to say that I will not be giving them my business ever again. They have recently changed staff and now have a very rude waitress and new chef there. They always seem to leave the phone off the hook for hours so you can't get through, and have gone down to the shop several times to inform them of this! Today was the last time I will ever order from there, as yet again the phone was left off the hook! I really fancied a pizza so I trekked down the road with my baby to inform them of this problem again. Once there, I wasn't even acknowledged by the new waitress, and after informing her about the phone problem she didn't even apologise or show any signs of remorse. She also got my order wrong and when the pizza arrived it didn't taste anywhere near as good as its usual standards. Just out of curiosity I asked if they had changed their chef and she said that they had and the old chef has now gone. Not sure what she said to the two chefs in the kitchen, but then I was faced with two chefs staring at me from across the counter, making me feel very uneasy. Finally, that was the last straw and decided to leave and said thank you and goodbye to the staff, which was met with only silence and a rude stare. They even watched me struggle out of the door with my baby in the pram! Never again! 
The worst burger I’ve had in a pub. Seemed like it was from the freezer. Really really bad. Great beer though. 
Was there with friends. First round, ordered mate was very nice. Next round, my turn, was continuously ignored by the bartender to take my request. He served one lady who turned up to my right after me, I let it go. Then he chooses go left of me to the couple who arrived after me.. I insisted “it’s my turn”. The couple, with all smiles said, “yep please go ahead”.. the bartender said “they were here before you” blatant lie!!! I loose it, shouldn’t have and uttered “f*** off” to the barman. But hey I had lost it by then (still not a reason to be rude to the guy!!) I was walking off by then and not intending to have any more drinks at this pub any more to which I am a regular since we work in a high profile organisation just at the doorstep. I asked him his name to which he replied “Patrick” and then continued to say “I am not going to serve you”. Fair or not I don’t know!! But had the worst experience and felt a bit abused (yes rac***) for the very first time :-(.  
Popped in on the off chance last Saturday night,quick drink and bite to eat.lovely pub,great ambiance couldn’t get a table understandably with Covid, had a drink outside,partner popped back in for the loo before leaving, waiter said a table had become available- great!  
Got a take away and they messed up the order! The burgers were so so dry and the meat was hard and tasteless. I ended up making dinner and thew it away. Don’t waste your time here it’s terrible! 
After waiting for 15 minutes to get served at the bar we simply gave up, the staff seemed bewildered and disorganised. We weren't the only people to give up - Notting hill has lots of other local pubs - go elsewhere  
What can I say, ordered £100 food yesterday, Zuma Messed up the Delivery after two hours waiting, then did not deliver the whole order and then waited another 2 hrs for the rest of the order! Called the restaurant to have the most uncaring staff on the other end of the phone. 
I very rarely leave reviews except when completely exceptional. In this case, the Nawab employee who answered the phone for our delivery was extremely rude and in all the years of indian takeaway, we have never been dealt with that way. He first put us on hold and upon return he was extremely impatient when we asked questions about the menu. As first timers, we were totally appalled by his impatience. He ended the 5min 18sec call by saying "he gives callers 7 mins to call and if we were taking too long then this place was not for us". Apparently, he was confident enough to be rude without impunity to any customer! A shame as we were looking forward to a great meal. 
I’ve just ordered a pizza from here and it’s absolutely disgusting. The base was soggy, the pizza had water floating on the top - will never order from here again 
I went a month ago for take away. 
Our Trio salad was tasteless and the avocado hard. The bread was not nice either. The food tasted like it was cheap frozen just warmed up rather than made on the premises. Not a particularly Spanish menu! The staff were friendly and nice. Will not return.  
in the last week-Edit 
This place used to be really quite good. It changed hands at some point and has been refurbished. 
Long story short: 
Visited this place yesterday with a friend of mine about 9. Staff was very unfriendly and the service was very poor, we ask for a table for you and we have been literally sit over a customer as there was not enough space. I felt awkward and very uncomfortable. Besides the pizza was good enough nothing special tho.  
Staff here does not know how to treat the customer. They are very rude and impolite. Not only that but the answer in aggressive manners. 
My friend reserved a table 10 days ago for tonight, we got there and apparently they forgot to write it down. It was a special reservation  
I really want to love this place as it's near by and we need a good pizza place in the neighbourhood. But it's just nasty. For my taste the pizzas have way too much dough too much barely melted cheese, bland for toppings and it's all over priced. And the staff just play on their phones. Not for me. 
Our order was incorrect so went to change it, not only were they disgustingly rude, pointing in my face saying I was wrong (I wouldn't order a pizza without cheese but never mind) ...I then wasn't going to pay full price for a second pizza so the manager called me a s***. Charming. 
Terrible Xmas eve meal tough steak and cheap awful sausages with mash, which took over an hour to arrive. To give him credit the manager took it away immediately, but why was the kitchen sending it out anyway. We were booked for Xmas lunch, but after this I’m glad we got a refund.... 
My wife and i went here for some food before an event at wembley arena. It was fairly busy but not full so we got a seat immediately. We checked the menu for a few minutes and made our selections as we were pretty hungry. Then we just waited, trying to get eye contact with the staff. 20 minutes passed and still nothing until a waitress asked if she could take a chair from our table. I said of course but can we order our food and drink now? She came back 5 minutes later and took the order. Then nothing happened. No drinks, no starter, nothing. The couple next to us received their food, ate it, got the bill, paid left, a new couple arrived at their table, ordered and still nothing for us. Then the same waitress came over and asked to split our 4 seat table so someone else could sit down. A lady sat next to us and she received her drinks. Over 45 minutes and still no drinks or anything. We felt mistreated and unvalued so we got up and left to take our money somewhere else. Gutted as the menu looked good but the service was non existent. We witnessed the exact same happen to another couple who also left after not being seen to. Never said it about a restaurant before but wont be going back! 
I made an order the food was cold it was tasteless and hard. I made a complaint - I ordered food for 8pm it arrived at 7:15pm my guests hadn't arrived for food - I made a complaint they told me i could have a free pizza just remember to mention when I ordered - I wasn't happy and asked for a voucher they said no we are a good honest family restaurant - I called to make the order of a pizza as soon as I could when I asked for this the waitress laughed at me quite rudely and said ha ha let me get the manager - you want free pizza!!!! I explained that this was promised and she said who would offer free pizza - I said ut was a few weeks ago maybe 2 or 3 - she said they had only been open 3 weeks - this is a lie - she then called me a liar then called the manager - he remembered the complaint - she changed her tune and said oh yes you have free pizza a margarita - I said no it was a broccoli pizza - the manager remembered but can not speak much english but at this point the attitude of the extremely rude unapproachable waitress had ruined the experience so much that I didn't even want a free pizza - Two visits, two bad experiences - never again - No wonder it is always empty - avoid - the staff have a rude unnecessary arrogance that is extremely unpleasant and the food doesn't even match up to the expectation or to carry it - So upset and annoyed 
My daughter booked a table for 9 of us for her birthday.we were ignored for ages, when we caught a waiter to take our order we waited over an hour and a half and were then told 2 of the starters we had ordered were not available. We then had to ask how long our main meals would be after two and a half hours, no explanation of the delay or apology. Nice food shame about the service. We had eaten on previous occasion at the mall, but won't be returning. 
Early evening Meal with friends and their brood of kids. Furniture dark and drab and we were stuck at a table round the back of the pub which made me feel hemmed in and uncomfortable. Beer was good but that's where the compliments end. Waitress was too busy talking with friends most of the evening to be of much service when we needed her. Food really was dire but out of respect for our friends who apparently use the pub fairly regularly because of its child- friendliness and proximity to their house, I chose not to make a fuss. Crab starter I ordered turned up as some half baked chowder style creamy mush that didn't resemble or taste of crab and was ghastly. My main course of Steak which I asked to be cooked rare to medium turned up well done and burnt in part and chips which accompanied were not sufficiently cooked. Disaster and my wife and I made polite excuses, settled up and left our friends to it. 
Myself and my work colleague stayed in the Hotel so used the Restaurant to eat and it was the worst meal I have had in a long time they totally forgot our starters which we waited a hour for and come out with the main meal I asked where the starters was and they said do we want our main meal now and starter after I said no I want my starter as a starter and the waiter walked off in a Huff when our starters finally come I had the spicy sausage and it was literally 2 cocktail sausages on some Cus Cus # Terrible and for the main I had the mixed grill which is a £4 supplement and that was also terrible chewy meat a piece of liver the size of a kidney bean it was really really bad I would say the whole Meal was worth £5-£8 tops not £27 total time to have this pile of slop served up was 2 hours and the restaurant was not even busy I would definitely avoid  
They started very well, and as a new business, one always makes allowances for their shortfalls, like only payment with cash. The sad thing about this place is that the service got worse than ever, the food portions are considerably smaller, the food is not necesarily better than before, and putting the cherry on the cake, they still don’t take cards. Not ideal if you’re inviting friends. After all the years supporting them, never did anyone there offer even a single free cup of coffee as a token of gratitude..... Sorry I cannot offer a positive review 
I'm sorry to say that the Mall Tavern on Saturday evening treated my friends and I to the most bland food and the poorest service that we have ever experienced in a gastro pub in west London. This car crash unfolded in four stages: 
Wanted to order but you’re website was down such a shame hope you’re up and running soon 
Well! I'll start with a positive. Staff here are usually exceptional, although Sunday 9 dec we had a new waitress with no experience. 
This review is about the food bought from Street Eats market stall at Lyric square, Hammersmith on the 14th of January. I have gone for Chicken Kothu Roti and having eaten it before at a different place, I have to say - the one at Street Eats is not even worth a single star rating. It was sweet with too much veggies and a spoon of chicken in it max. Doesn't have any salt or spices...Salt, yes I can eat without it but I would expect a Srilankan dish to have at least a bit of kick from chilli. The dish hasn't got any and very disappointing. I had to throw it away after half (had to eat half so I don't starve!!). 
The food isn't bad because the price, but the place is so noisy. they put the music very Louder and that's very stressful I haven't enjoy my time there, but I have to say that the waiter was very kind. 
Very often already been here and eaten .on nov. 16 made reservation for dinner for two persons.From the beginning on was shocked by the unfriendliness of the service which was very unexpected in ZUMA .We got table at the Bar. Table 42. Food was okay but price and service do not match . 
Very racist, service not up to standard and crowed for a fine dinning. 
I went here for the first time with my husband, As soon a we came through the door we felt unwelcome  
I was unfortunate enough to experience Sunday lunch here a while ago and please please please take my advice and go elsewhere. Everything about it is less than appalling and not worth a penny of anyones money. GO ELSEWHERE! 
Even after spending 1000 pounds we got treated poorly just because one of our friends got sick.food was average and service was terrible. Worst zuma  
Although the Garden Room itself is pleasant enough the standard of Sunday lunch we found to be appalling. This is not a cheap restaurant but every course was very disappointing.You can get a better quality Sunday lunch at a lower cost at other restaurants in the Bromley area. 
This restaurant was booked for us by Amex for my daughter's birthday and following the reviews on TripAdvisor , I asked Amex to asked them if they can cater for gluten allergy as they did not have an allergy menu. They assured Amex that their chef can accommodate this with most of the items on the menu and we booked it. 
We accepted to eat at the counter but we did not know 3 seats were in front of the grill and temperature was beyond what you could imagine (like being roasted as the skewers in front of us). As the people sitting and roasting there were our children we asked the staff to find another solution... no chance! We got a crab salad we did not ordered, sent it back to kitchen.. but we sadly found out it was charged to our bill ... to recap: awful service, long waiting time, invisible portion of food, prices beyond any reasonable expectations  
As you walked in you could smell the toilets. The place was empty. So we left and walked to another Indian restaurant not too far away and it was a quarter full. 
we visited this restaurant for dinner , had shish kebabs for starters , it was dry tough to eat,no taste at all, definately not fresh, main meals lamb curries , well if this is lamb , it leaves a lot to be desired, it was tough , each piece of lamb had grizzle in it , def not lamb, and no taste at all, we have eaten in this restaurant many many times , and the food was good, but this time all the food seemed as it was cooked days before and just heated, no complaints to the waiters they are polite friendly. we will never return to this restaurant again , and we will not take our friends like we used to. sad to see the place very empty , i suppose this was the sign , not to eat here. 
This takeaway is all about making the as much money out of you as possible. They provide a terrible service. For the third time our curry was over half an hour late and delivered cold with no apology from the owner or delivery driver. They also charge £2 to deliver and we are less than 3 miles away. They don’t include complimentary poppadoms like every other Indian does and even try to charge £2 on top for mint sauce. I will never be using them again. 
i was around the area an this pub was listed in google with 4 stars. it was so disappointing. The roast was, cold, small (very small, and not tasty, 16 pounds for this not filling roast. The service was terrible, my friend ordered a side of potatoes that came almost at the end of the meal after asking for them 3 times. The pub is nice and the staff was nice but all the rest, i wouldnt return there again. sorry 
Popped in here with my boyfriend for a quiet bite on a Sunday afternoon 
Poor experience 2years in a row. Didn't want to return this year but on account of work colleagues. Ordered the only vegetarian choice on the menu. The starter was medley of fruit with mango coulis. The melon wasn't ripe - had no flavour and the strawberries had seen better days - wilted. The main was Salt candy roast beetroot with confit salsify. For a start the vegetables looked drab and very shrunken. The sprouts were the size of a small marble and had lost most of its green colour. The beetroot wasn't too bad but there were only about 2 pieces. Everything was swimming in oil. I had requested that the vinaigrette dressing be omitted and would be happy with none. I was there early so it could have been discussed if the chef was worried that the dish needed a sauce. However that didn't happen. Last year I ordered butternut squash soup and was the last of my party to arrive as I had to see a client on that morning. Guess what I arrived to see the soup on the table! And it had a layer of oil on the top!! The only thing I enjoyed was the complimentary tea and the mince pies. They style themselves as offering fine dining - not for me. 
Totally spoilt this celebration tea for us. Had explained several times over the phone it was a birthday tea and not their "festive" tea but still when we arrived there were Christmas Crackers, Christmas serviettes and paper hats on table. We were expecting our glasses of Prosecco first to toast the birthday lady but no they served cups of tea. Once again not as we had booked. Then we were served scones with jam and cream so had to remind staff we had booked sandwiches !! They then had to get those made for us so our celebration tea was eaten back-to-front. Staff obviously realised the mess they had made of our booking so we did get let off bill. Will not go there again. 
I attended the christmas party with my company. What a very disappointing evening it was. The food was awful. I had the vegetarian option which was a plate of cold vegetables. The dj who was quite an elderly man was asking people what music they wanted but he played some songs twice over. I made several complaints via email which were ignored so then I put it in writing and was responsed with "a couldnt care less attitude". I would not recommend this venue. £49 for a plate of cold vegetables and a dj who really didnt have a clue! Total waste of money. I was offered a complimentary drink? No thanks not good enough. Would not book to go here again. 
I called this restaurant to make a reservation and had to endure the most obnoxious, arrogant, rude frenchman on the other side of the line. It was hardly what you’d call a warm welcome and he had no idea about English charm and grace.  
This restaurant was recommended but it was horrible. Staff were surly and the food was truly awful. Dry chicken tikka, the weirdest onion bhaji i have ever seen or tasted with the texture of a cake. Everything had a charcoal after taste. Generally not good.  
There seems to be a handful of Monty's Nepalese restaurants in the area. We were recommended Montys so we drove all way from Southall to this place. 
Atmosphere/ nothing special  
I've been going to Monty's for 20 years. Never have I had such a badly cooked set of dishes and terrible service. When I complained I was told I was wrong. 
One of the biggest disappointments ever,as far as a social dining goes.starting from the reception team,which hasn’t got a clue what time it is.1hr wait for a booked! table.once seated,we were harshly reminded that we have 2hrs to finish our meal,for another party arrives after us.Thanks.we knew it already.the confirmation emails and phone calls. 
Lack of communication between staff themselves so the whole service was a shambles. 
We planned ahead to have a nice dinner at Zuma for our anniversary with friends. They completely messed up our reservations by only having a table for two at 9 rather than a reservation at 8;15 for four. It was terrible for a nice dinner on Saturday to not have reservations. They were not even considerate or tried to make it right. I was extremely disappointed. I would NEVER go back. 
I've visited twice recently (after having been a long time customer) at first I thought must have been a bad night , however the food is not to the standard that it once was. I did not recognize any of the staff, it is obvious hands have changed. What has not changed are the high prices. You can cook better curry yourself sad to say. 
We have been having family meals and celebrations here for more years than i can remember, even had the family wake after Dad's funeral. Yesterday we had the worst experience ever celebrating our neice's birthday. Meal was a disaster, childrens meals didn't arrive, chicken had blood running out of it, 2 main course's never arrived. Asked to see the Manager who blamed the kitchen, then asked us to leave!!! Guests on the next table were experiencing the same problems. Avoid at all costs. 
The service and food were an insult. So not eat here, the soup was flavourless orange mush, not honeyed vegetable. The duck was overlooked inside, undercooked outside, flavourless and chewy. The service was with a snarl from the head waitress.  
Terrible. Lame. Tries to be trendy - with complete sacrifice of service or hospitality. Maybe they have forgotten the essence of Japanese cuisine or culture — or more likely they never knew it.  
I did a takeaway on Sunday, lamb Briani, which normally comes with the curries sauce. But VERY disappointed the rice, not cooked enough, the curry sauce can taste of raw spices, which means, not been cooked enough. Are they new chefs? If so, they really need to get better and fast. 
Took 7 members of family for a rare get - together and sociable lunch. 
hmm, where to start? this place is over priced for the quality of food and service, we arrives at 7pm and the place had one couple sitting by the window,, we were seated straight away and given a STICkY, old drinks menu,, we ordered a bottle of rose wine (£17). the wine was cheap vinegar,, we waited 15 mins for a food menu and offered popperdoms,, we ordered chicken pakoras and chicken tikka... the food came within minutes and the tikka was nice but only got 3 very thin slices of meat,,, the pakoras were a joke!! 4 tiny pieces of BREADED CHICkEN NUGGETS!!! we backed them and the chef said they were authentic,,, looool,, im a chef,, please dont try bullc@ap me.. i even googled pakoras and showed the waiter what they should be like. next came the king prawn vindaloo,, (only 4 prawns and no potato) lamb shaslick which was burnt, my sons chicken korma (which tasted nothing like korma,, it was all double cream!!) bombay pots were cold and clearly cooked the day bfore and the peas panner was burnt and acrid in flavour.. we ordered 3 rice which fed one person!! and 2 naan bread.... £90!!! waste of money, staff unfriendly so avoid xx 
what I ate if you call it food looked like, smelled like, and tasted like something I stepped in at the park behind a pack of dogs. Fisg cold and all batter, chip cold, peas cold, the Coke warm.. sausage all batter the pie all batter spent £25.00 for batter cold chips and warm soft drinks. staff rude as hell, ignorant, there visa machine broke, made me go out of my way and pay a £2.00 fee to pull out cash of a machine because of their crappy machine.. 
Booked a table for 7.30pm for 3 Ppl on the 4th Sep. We ran late so by the time we got there we got told that we could only order take away.  
I went to get my usual rose Oolong tea with tapioca and lychee pearls. The staff members laughed at me as they took their order. When I finally got to my hotel to drink my bubble tea I realised that the lady on the counter had FORGOTTEN TO PUT THE TEA IN MY DRINK, so the drink was just rose flavoured synthetic powder and the pearls. It was so disgusting. I came back the next day and made them give me another drink. I have stopped going their now because the staff are a bit rude and a bit racist. There is nowhere else to get bubble tea in Croydon so everyone goes to this place, but it's very poor, very low standard by any measure. The owner, he just sits in the back mostly doing nothing. 
We booked this restaurant 2 weeks ago for 24-30 people for 1st August and specifically asked for downstairs as a couple of our friends have mobility issues - went in today to give final numbers and they said could only offer upstairs. Very disappointed because our numbers are 29 so within the original number booked. They said sorry cant accommodate you downstairs but can upstairs. Now we are faced with finding a restaurant that can accommodate us. 
Interesting little story. I purchased 2 Chelsea FC tickets. I decided to go into the The Fox & Pheasant for a quick pint. As I attempted to enter the pub the door staff stated the pub was for Chelsea Fans only and asked if I had tickets. I showed him my tickets clenched tight in my hand and he let me in to the pub. He nodded to someone ahead of my path into the crowded pub, I brought my hand back up to check my tickets in my hand and they were GONE. Well done chaps. Very slick. I kept this under my hat for quite awhile but I CANNOT dismiss my experience. I hope this helps someone before they approach this pub before a match in the future. 
Way to dear you pay the waiters wages for the owner ? Service charges they bring u stuff and charge you if u don't ask the olives were from Lidl I see the waiters in there and they charge you 6-7 olives for the price of a extra large jar ,scam well over priced 
Zuma doesn't live up to the hype (or price!) in atmosphere, service and food quality.  
Visited today. Amazed customers arriving without masks and definitely not from same household. Waited 15 mins before getting up to request someone takes order for drinks. Ordered food. Asked for chips instead of mash on one order. Food arrived with mash which was cold. Did point this out eventually and could have had bowl of chips. I was nearly finished so didn't accept offer. Food was ok but very disappointed that covid requirements were not adhered to. Will not be coming back. 
booked a table outside via the online booking and on arrival was told there were no available tables outside and we could only be seated inside. We arrived on time at 12.30 which was the time our table was booked. 
We recently came to the coach house to celebrate a family members birthday ( and a very special birthday too ) , safe to say I will not be going again !! The staff members seemed very stressed and seemed not to be able to cope with the amount of people who were there ! We had a waiter come to us after around 30-40 mins asking what starter we having when he hadn’t even ordered yet , trying to catch a staff member was work in its self !! We eventually ordered , actually we were half way through an order when the waiter stopped as the manger asked him to go and see another table as they requested something !!! So when the waiter was giving us our cutlery for our meals, each member of my family had a very nice elbow in their face as he was trying to sort this out ! To the point we were leaning into the next person at the table ! At one point he dropped the knifes and forks on the table to which he then shouted out “ bloody hell”! My husbands nan then had a drink split down her back as they were trying to give drinks out ! We did have to wait an hour between each course . My father in law’s steak wasn’t very nice and had to be sent back , they did ask if he wanted another steak but was too late by then ! ( they did take this off our bill too )  
There was a service charge but never got change back! Didn’t have change never got any back ? I’m not sure why but I think change should have been brought back regardless of whether we wanted to leave as top or not  
I found a pubic hair in my food and was ill for all of the next day. Eat here at your own risk.  
We loved the location and decided to eat there a evening, we decided to eat on the terrace the service was very slow and the table very dirty, and the food very average, avoid 
we were at montys in the mall ealing last night at 10:30 pm when i saw a mouse running around the floor of the restaurant... this was rather worrying.  
Ideal location beside the river. Poor choice of sandwiches both of which were awful especially considering the cost. Fish finger sandwich with two battered bits of fish no more than 3” long years less than 1” wide and even less depth, in a roll covered in lettuce and slathered in mayonnaise and similarly 2 pieces of “southern fried” chicken in a separate roll which were totally tasteless, might just as well been eating cardboard. £9 each, really, hardly worth that for the two. Can only assume the people of Walton have more money than sense to keep patronising such an establishment. 
So appalled at this place- not once but twice were we given the wrong order! 
We had the deal of Barclays Premier Rewards which stated '2 for 1 on 3 courses'. We asked the waitress whether this deal was on. She checked with her manager, and after 10 minutes waiting, other waiter took us to a table. We showed him the deal and he explained what we could choose from the menu.  
Booked this for my mother and father-in-law's 50th anniversary for 14 people. I was extremely disapointed as i have been fortunate to eat all over the world and I have never be priveliged to have the 14 starters served 10 mins after ordering, I was so disapointed. I ordered the entrcote pepercorn steak medium and it was the texture and consistancy of a fipflop my partner had the chicken and this was boiled, the side order of veg was just thrown on the plate by the staff. I wouldn't recommend the sweet trolley as this was by the door not covered where every one was walking past all night and who knows what germs were transfered to the deserts in the time we were there. 
Lovely location - shame about the service. Waited over 2 hours for food - no updates from staff. Excuses of being busy - clearly they weren’t. We weren’t the only table waiting ages for food. When it did arrive some was okay but the rest was either not worth the money or not what had been ordered and cold. Apparently the atmosphere in the kitchen was ‘toxic’. Not a great experience and such a shame considering the location. 
We decided stop at Anglers Walton on Saturday lunch after a walk with my colleague.  
I booked a table for 10am for a business day with my team. I called the day before to confirm (as I'd previously had issues with then not opening on time) and all seemed fine. But when we turned up at 10am we were told in a very rude manner that it didnt open until 11 and that I can't have made a booking. I checked the number I'd called to make booking and it was the correct one, and the website says open at 10am. I'm not sure why the staff member was sitting there from 10am if it wasn't to open. We went elsewhere and didn't return as to be honest this is the third time of rude staff and the food is over priced and pretty unimpressive so I won't be returning. Shame, as the location is lovely. 
had full refund but if kitchen not working should have stopped service, cold and undercooked with a tiny pot of thick cold gravy which could not be poured on a roast dinner. We had come for a family birthday and having used you before we where confident of a nice meal. 
Really nice meal, however got charged £50 for veg for a table of 6. What a same as it left a sour taste. I definitely will not be returning to this place. 
Im in the taxi from zuma right now. This experience made me feel sad from the bottom of my heart. I was there with my mother and brother from Stockholm. I made the reservation 2 months ahead. I recommended this to them strongly and felt exited to show them this fantastic restaurant. How embarresed i feel now. We arrived and first they cant find our reservation. They ”find” it after a while (i had the email copy on my phone) and wants to place us by the bar to eat. I tell Them that Ive made a table reservation and not the teppanyaki seats. The staff gets irritated and after 30 min we get a ”bar table” not in the restaurant. We order Their signature taste menu whith nice wine and the food and wine is fantastic but before our dinner is completed they ast is if its all right for us to move to another table. We are not complicated people and agreed to move table. That was a Big mistake because they moved us to finish our tasting menu standing at the bar. Our 700 pound Bill we had to finish standing eating in the bar. The 85 pound tip was already included on the Bill. No Words to find to this rudness. My mother would never say anything but I Saw in her yes that she felt So uncomfterble and disincluded. For us it felt like we were throwed out on the street to finish our dinner.  
I phoned to book function room for my 70th birthday in November. When I arrived to pay deposit I was informed that they had made a mistake and that they already had a booking on 8 Feb, I was very upset and then after speaking with the Manager, Chris, I rearranged for the 15 Feb and paid the deposit. Chris assured me that all was good and that there would be no more confusion and that someone would email me menus for food. Having now invited 60 people and arranged a DJ I have just received a message to say that AGAIN they have double booked and would I like to go in and get deposit back. How unprofessional is this place. I now have only a few weeks to find another venue !! 
We waited nearly 2 hours for food ended up leaving. 
Lovely setting and helpful bar staff but awful customer service if you’re trying to book for a group or special occasion. Very disappointed in our experience. 
Arriving full of expectation at the Pub and reasonably busy . We are regular visitors over many years and as it was a pleasant afternoon decided to have a roast lunch. This was ordered one soup and one mushroom and bread and one roast pork. The pleasant barman advised that the food would take forty minutes to arrive. There were tow a other female bar staff both unsmiling and quite offhand. After an hour I asked the bar maid where our food was.. it's on its way and the barman then advised five to ten minutes. The soup , a couple of bits of bread and a small half full bowl of luke warm tomato soup arrived. The table was not cleaned and we had already moved glasses and coffee cups from it. 
Went for a evening meal should of read the reviews first 
don't think about eating here, booked for nine people got there got told we didn't booked, waited half a hour got seats sorted, waited another half a hour to get served ordered starters another half a hour before order arrived got told our main course we would have to wait longer for it to arrive, waited three quarters of a hour we could of cooked a roast ourselves quicker and food was fair, all the staff were not trained in serving if your going there read all reviews 
I last went here about 20 years ago when the food and decor were the same.  
I chose the Coach House as somewhere nice to go after a Spa morning. Feeling very relaxed we were greeted and shown to a table in a corner. When the waiter offered us bread rolls we asked if they had gluten free ones and he just laughed. We knew why later. Our meal consisted of two starters and nothing special apart from the fish of the day and one side salad plus a bottle of sparkling water. Total bill £84. Yes we were charged for the rolls in the cover charge plus the included tip of over £7 to bring the meals 10 feet. It has been previously noted on Tripadvisor that they advertise a 2 course special for just under £20, not on the menus we were given. Also note there is only one toilet for the whole restaurant so if its busy be prepared to plan your visit. I should have been aware that something was wrong when I tried looking on the Internet for the menu and my ISP flashed up a warning that their site was risky, it may not be the only risk you take going here. Lower your prices for what you serve stop the extras rip off and you may have more than 6 people in on a Saturday lunchtime. 
Nice setting but don’t go for the food. Very very poor quality. Child portions and probably the worst pub food ever had. So basic. Such a shame as the surroundings are very pretty. Ok for a drink if your glass is cleaned properly with no lipstick still on your glass. 
Food might be nice, but bad service on the phone. Such a shame. Their website & menu says you can pay by card on delivery - I knew I had no cash. So it’s really annoying to learn (only because I mentioned it) after giving delivery details & my order that this was not the case. I wouldn’t hv minded so much but no apology, just a ‘whatever’ attitude is not on. 
Clearly can’t cook. Burger I’d be embarrassed to serve to a young child. Overcooked fish & cold chips. Complained and response was... “we had complaints about food yesterday too... I’ll let the manager know, but I can’t do anything” (£58 for two crap meals and 4 drinks). It’s always the bad attitude that results in a TripAdvisor complaint. Avoid. Dreadful. Wish I had a photo!! 
Overall, a disappointing experience. Everything from the Service (rude staff and felt rushed) to the cleanliness of the plates were substandard, especially considering we were celebrating a birthday. Neither myself, nor my guests will return to this restaurant. 
One of the worst dining experiences I have had. Staff are rude and verging on the mildly aggressive. Within 15 seconds of entering the restaurant and barely getting my bum to the seat I was asked for my drinks order. We proceeded to order a vegetarian duck and when it arrived I clarified whether this was indeed vegetarian (as it didn’t look right) and it wasn’t. Having raised this with the staff, I was spoken back to and told that I didn’t order the vegetarian one. Whilst the restaurant dealt with it, I did not appreciate the aggro and do not expect to be spoken back to. I know what I ordered. Have some manners! Left after the first course. Avoid at all costs. 
Second time here and within 15 seconds of sitting down a waitress came over and asked us for our drinks order. Doesn’t even give us a chance to look at the drinks menu.  
Despite being surrounded by a forest of waiters and waitresses, it took so long to place an order. I don’t expect to have to beg to give my wine order and I don’t expect to have to wait twenty minutes to receive it. Food delivery was so random and was met with the explanation that you have to take the food when it is ready as they cannot coordinate delivery. A restaurant that cannot coordinate the delivery of a main course with a side dish is seriously deficient. May as well start with the ice cream if it’s immediately available! Dreadful service, pretentious and unjustifiably expensive. Take a look at the quality of service provided by Zuma Dubai and aim to match it as right now you are way off course.  
Went to lunch with a friend. We are rushed and quickly choose something from the lunch menu. They quickly snatched the menu from us. When we asked to order tofu, we were told that we don’t need it, it’s too late and what we have is fine. Furthermore, we were reminded that they close at 2.15. Food was very bland. Had to add soya sauce to all the food. Would never return here again. 
We have been recommended this place a few times. It’s great if you like fried bland food & have a huge appetite as you can only order more food once you finish what’s on your plate. How’s that “ eat as much as you want”.  
Second time of visiting this restaurant, now we know why we have never returned.  
last night we went to this restaurant for our friends 50th wedding anniversary, the experience 
Family came here to eat just before Christmas. Won't waste time with the details other than to say the food and service were truly awful, and no response received when we formally complained in writing. 
Went to the anglers on Father’s Day and first impressions were great. Wonderful location and lovely views. That was all spoilt by the terrible service and even worse food. Portions were small, the food came at different times (one of the starters came with the desserts). It all looked ‘wilted’ and full of poor quality ingredients. Will never return. 
We ordered crepes. The waitress informed us we would have to wait a little as it was busy. After an hour of being ignored and feeling faint (we were not even offered more drinks) I complained. A waiter said, "The chef is too busy." 
Tried to book this restaurant for Christmas Dinner with my 4 year old daughter, was told by a very rude manager that they are a business and would have to charged my 4 year old the same £110 as an adult because they could give her seat to an adult. I was under the impression that Christmas was about families and being together, but no according to the Coach House this is just another way to scam parents out of paying irdiculous prices for a toddler. Used to go in this restaurant quite a bit, will never step foot in there agion after being spoken to so rudely and being basically told they didnt want my custom as they could make more money out of someone else! 
Booked a table for 2 in advance for Sunday lunch to celebrate special occasion. 
I'm genuinely baffled about how this place has so many good reviews! We fancied the dinner buffet even though we thought £16.50 is extortionate for Belmont Circle, but it is a good way of sampling a selection of dishes to find your favourites if you decide to go back. 
It’s very hard to get a bad meal today. But I honestly have to say I have never had such bad service and the meal was horrible. I ordered the lamb burger and it was burnt to a crisp. My wife had the gammon steak and it looked like it had been left on the side then reheated plus the onion rings came out after the meal. My sons burger was also burnt. Terrible service never eat here again  
We arrived to meet old friends here. Lovely spot by the river, but all else was disappointing. The table was dirty, cutlery sticky, food was disgusting and the glasses looked mucky, as did the teacups, which were all stained. The teapot had 3 chips and should have been thrown away years ago. 
I ordered a delivery of a few dishes to add to my chinese-style themed dinner with my family and friends. I did emphasise as I usually do, over the phone, that we're vegetarians. Never has it gone wrong till this moment when they delivered and we ate dumplings which clearly had meat in them. I called them and informed them to which they investigated and called back saying they'll send us the vegetarian ones. Needless to say, when we sat down to eat these, our appetites had drastically plumetted, my utensils felt contaminated and we ended up throwing everything away. The worst part of it all is that we didn't even receive an apology.  
It took 40 minutes before anyone would take our order. It took another 55 minutes until our food arrived. When our food arrived burnt or over cooked. I would not recommend this pub for a meal out. 
We had a Beef Medium Well(not medium),Roasted Lamb Shank(not slow cooked) 
The menu talked of succulent beef and crispy golden roast potatoes um!!!! Don’t think so. I ordered the dual beef roast which was two over cooked slices of beef and a chunk of braised beef that was so completely over cooked, burnt and as dry as an Arabs sandal. Very cheap veg and cold gravy finished off what was a really poor offering. To add to the farce, a misery guts barman had to curtail the obvious interesting gossip between 4 members of staff who were loitering “without” intent. To help at the bar, this should have served as a warning sign especially as the barrel had to be changed, this caused at least 15 wait for our beer. “How long” the piaster resistance had to be the “salted caramel and chocolate lovers sundae” not much in the way of chocolate on board this “not so bad boy” add to this the waitress bringing soup spoons completed the “perfect storm” of a Sunday lunch. On a positive it’s in a great location especially on a sunny day but so is the pub next door which was packed. I guess there was a reason for that.  
I used to go often to Zuma when opened almost 20 years ago and it was a great restaurant. I went for the first time after 15 years to night and what a terrible mistake it was. The restaurant is totally overrated and attended by a very strange crowd to say the list. You need to make a reservation at least a week in advance and if you get it you get endless emails and sms’s asking you to reconfirm the reservation again the day you will be going by 11:00 otherwise you loose the table. I had a table reserve for 21:00 and got there by 21:20 which according to the receptionist was late since the table was for 21:00. I had to remind her that according to the web of the restaurant you had to be there by latest 21:30. She then proceed to “prepare” the table and after 10 minutes we were taken to our table by a nice lady who hardly spoken any english. The table was totally at the end of the restaurant in a corner which probably was the worst table of then restaurant but as it happens if suit us ( my wife and I) very well since the noise was terrible with a bad taste of music and at least there we could speak. Few minutes later came a man telling us that he hope that we were looking for a quite evening because the table we got was very boring! I have been in the best Japanese restaurants in the world and thought that Zuma will be as it was still one of them. To my first request of having some sea urchins ( which they used to have) the answer was no. Then my wife asked for a non alcoholic cocktail like Pina Colada the server said he was going to do his best to get one which after 10minutes came to say that they can not do it. We then decided to go away and when going out the same lady who received came running after us telling that she could do what ever in order to keep us. I told her it was to late and that we were leaving. 
Booked online well in advance. Arrived on time and was seated in a cold room. When we asked if we could order food was told he would have to check as they were running low on things. He never came back to me but his polite colleague seated us somewhere warmer, at least. After we’d been waiting half an hour someone finally came over to us and when we said we were ready to order food she told us the kitchen had closed 15 minutes earlier as they were so busy. So we came all the way out to Richmond for a meal we had booked two weeks prior only to be told they had closed the kitchen.  
Booked online weeks before our visit. We were sat in a freezing cold area and after a very long wait to give our order we were told that the veggie roast was not available, leaving only one veggie option on the menu - a plant burger. The waitress had to ask us to repeat our order a number of times as she kept getting it wrong. We ordered a starter to share as we had already waited for so long, and after 2 minutes the limpest salad I had ever seen arrived. It had clearly just been chucked on a plate without any thought. After another 30 mins, our food arrived - the veggie burger was undercooked and a meal my friend ordered was again accompanied by limp, old lettuce. They were clearly understaffed but the service was just absolutely awful, this was the worst pub I've visited in a very long time. 
We. Went to order takeaway as they were not picking phone. We got barked at by the manager. " what" she said. No greeting . No hello. She was very unhelpful but we made our order. We paid and were told to go as we seemed to be getting in her way. We returned to collect order and I asked for an extra pot of chilli oil. She was not amused. I wanted to remind her that we were paying customers but she treated and looked at me like I was dirt. When we reached home we found that part of our order was missing. I called and this manager picked the phone again and I explained that order was missing. No sorry no thank you. She was unapologetic. I told her that she should say sorry which she said she can't. I asked for my order to be delivered and she said it will come in 5 minutes. We waited for half an hour. 
Appalling service in the garden. No one shows up and they have nothing left on the menu. They told them they were having a ten minute break re food and no waiter showed. Unlikely I will return.  
The pub is in a great location, lovely decor, and I think if you wanted somewhere to go with nice outdoor space on a sunny day it would be great. 
I was deeply disappointed with our experience on Sunday 29th of August. Our roast was completely cold, with three minuscule potatoes. I have never before sent food back and felt bad to do so, yet this was really subpar for £17.00. 
The Anglers at Walton ! 
Warning this pub is one of 800 so is devoid of any individuality, the food is not home cooked, the roasts are not hand cut, the servings are small due to the pub being owned by a capital investment company and the service is dire. Avoid and go to an independently owned pub of which there are several just a few minutes away 
I have been a loyal customer to Curry Centre Edgware for several years, and always looked forward to eating here. However last week the entire takeout meal was put into the garbage! For the reason I just could not eat any of it! The meat was truly tough and disgusting taste. The breads were also inedible! I cannot fathom how suddenly the quality has reduced to the point of my feeling too frightened to eat my food - I was scared considering the bad taste my stomach would get sick! So I am never eating here again. I'm actually too disappointed. 
Booked via Just Eat at 7 pm received the food at 9.30 pm on a Sunday night. Unacceptable. Rude staff when called the restaurant and attempted to understand where the delivery was - do not book.  
Very false advertising of New Years Eve. "5-course menu", "night of glamour", "Dust off that tux" all were complete lies. Not only was there no set menu, or any effort put into their new years eve celebration, but they were serving awful re-heated food. A lousy 25 quid steak, pork belly that was completely dry and chips that were stale. They had a few balloons up to be fair, but that was the extent of their effort. Completely awful false advertisement. No warning that they changed their plans before we showed up, just decided to bail on the whole event and feed us rubbish cooked food. 
I think they are running a crèche not a serious pub, the staff seem more interested in themselves than the costomers. 
This pub is in a nice location, and that's the only good thing about it. Service wasn't good, issues including trying to give us another tables food and the waitress having to come to our table to ask us what we ordered, after we had ordered 20 minutes earlier.  
Visited for lunch whilst visiting family. 
Went walking along the Thames and decided to stop here for lunch. Went in to order drinks and the first 3 tap beers I asked for were “off”. On a Saturday lunchtime???? Can’t imagine regulars that evening being best pleased. Then ordered lunch, nothing fancy or out of the ordinary. Then the wait began. After 45 mins went to chase to be told that we were third in line now. Another 45 mins passed and still nothing. At that point we cancelled and left. I can understand if there are issues if as a customer we are told but just to be kept completely in the dark is unacceptable 
The main man Satay is a rude and arrogant person. If you dare complain about the food you are refused service in the future. The food is cold, bland and deep fried. I would not recommend this food to anyone. If you have been to Thailand you will know that this is far from Thai food. The pub itself is great but is severely let down by the Thai franchise. If I could give this place zero stars I would have. Avoid the food like the plague! 
With so many places for sunday lunch within 5 miles i would not go back to the Marlborough. Food was less than poor. I dont have a problem with 50% of the customers bringing in their dogs but if they are not controlled to me it is a basic hygiene problem 
We arrived at 3.30pm for 4pm table sat at table 5.30 4 children all under 5 years old + 1 14 year old birthday boy + 1 brother birthday old boy 13 of us all together,drinks were ordered coffee missing then told no sunday roasts left wish we had know this before sitting down as would have walked out my nephew had soup which was as cold as the north sea i had to eat the vegetables whole as to hard to cut when paying the bill no apology from staff or management Avoid if booking a large group as i do not think they can cope will never return or recommened to any one 
Walk into this lovely looking pub and then it hits you-the overwhelming nauseating sewer smell,God knows it’s bad enough in a cold November but in a hot summer!C’mon now this pub is part of a multi billion pound empire.For God’s sake fix your drains-can’t be impossible. 
If you want a hot Sunday roast don’t go to the Marlborough! Seven of us had lukewarm roasts and cold sides. The only hot food was the pie that one of our party had as it had obviously been freshly cooked. The veg on the roasts were cold and the potatoes soggy! Serving staff were lovely and were apologetic. Give this place a miss! 
We’ve just moved to the area and thought this pub looked lovely, it’s well presented and in a great location. However our experience today was terrible. We were told there was a long wait on food, up to 45 minutes but we didn’t mind ... only the food arrived an hour and twenty minutes later. No apology during that time. The roast dinners that turned up were embarrassing, not much food, watery gravy, stale Yorkshires and tough carrots. We were charged twice for some items, and had to ask for the bill to be amended. They offered refill potato and Yorkshire puddings but we daren’t ask for more food as it had taken so long to get to that point. The puddings sounded nice but, again, we didn’t dare order them. The staff were obviously stretched and were getting an earful from many other dissatisfied customers. What a shame. 
This is one of our local pubs near the river in Walton and we had been here a few times previously with no complaints over food. However today after close to a 1 hour wait we received our food and it was nothing short of inedible.  
Chips overcooked. Wrong meal brought insinuated it was our fault. When correct meal came it looked like it had been thrown on the plate and resembled child portion not adult. Shame used to be good here. 
Double espresso will set you back £ 5.  
Very poor used to be so nice but gone downhill massively since being taken over 
The food taste horrible and cold , tiny portions and rude costumer service, avoid this place, you will get just disappointment  
Went to The Marlborough for Sunday Dinner was quite expensive which isn’t a problem if it’s good the menu read well but didn’t come up to our expectations the potatoes were hard and so were the vegetables we thought they were frozen potatoes the beef was very fatty and grisly my husband had pork belly but the fat was soft not crispy our other friends had beef and chicken my friend said the chicken was okay we did complain and got £30 off the bill but certainly won’t be returning  
Location exquisite on perfect sunny day. Nice group table. Needs makeover. Basic. Lovely young man served our group. Food was awful, had nibbles before we sat down. Aweful. My main meal was burnt I couldn’t even cut it. I complained and was offered an alternative. When I asked why you would serve inedible food to a customer and showed it to him he seem to totally miss the point altogether! What a shame as this pub is perfectly located. 
Can't give a zero rating unfortunately. To start with a positive: location good, blah blah, blah. Staff polite but somewhat inept. Not busy. Yet food - lasagne and chips, and fish fingers in artisan bread (their words not mine) - took around 40mins to arrive. The fish fingers was in fact one battered gougon cut in half. I wouldn't have minded the gougon but the addition of an 's' implies plural. And this was most definitely singular. When picking up said artisan bread it completely fell apart, so dry and crumbly was it. Not sure how stale brioche amounts to artisan but there you go. I learn something new every day. Needless to say, i returned it only to be met by comments from both staff to the likes of 'I wasn't on when you ordered that' and 'you waited a long time for it'. The manager, having been called, eventually arrived at which point I asked if she would have been happy if served that. Silence. And more silence. Eventually asked if I'd like something else. Yes please. Steak pie and chips. We were offered complimentary drinks. The pie arrived. I doubt a chainsaw could have got through it, so rock hard was the pastry. It says something when the bar staff comment that the pies are the least complained about food. Along with our free drinks we were given some free crisps. I am now sitting in my garden at 7.35pm having finished a Chinese takeaway some 3 hours or so after we first ordered. My husband's lasagne, by the way, was microwaved, crispy and so so. 
We tried to eat at the Anglers with my family over the last bank holiday weekend, we wanted to go upstairs and were told not possible " there is only four of us here" ok... placed an order for 2 adults two kids, waited 30 mins our drinks bread an olives arrived, we drank some of our water but where waiting for the food, telling our kids to not eat all the bread as the main was coming another 20 mins pass, we inquired with the waitress that tell us it's on his way, nothing is coming... in total at 1h20 mins I am getting more then impatient, ask a waitress to call the manager. This one explain to us that our food got out but got given to another table by mistake???? what exactly the same order??! So I just told the waitress that if they where not able to get our food out in 10 mins I wanted refund, she went to check with the kitchen that said...NO! I work in catering and out of all our order the longest to cook would have been chips, takes 7 mins in commercial fryer... so they could have done it. The top of the top is we didn't even get refund of our all bill, the "manager" deducted the water and bread/ olives that we didn't even finished as it was to have with our main! I completely forgot about it until finding the receipt in my draw today hence the late review that was meant to be posted weeks ago.... with such a location it is unbelievable to find such a terrible service. My kids had ice cream from round the corner for lunch that day, unforgivable ! 
Went this evening for dinner, service was slow, food was bad. Have had many lovely meals at the Anglers in the past and am so disappointed as this is such a lovely location ☹️ 
Popped in for an afternoon drink, and bar area relatively quiet. Ordered drinks and asked the dark haired bar man if he could clear dirty table for us to sit at. He didn’t, so we had to ask a waitress. She cleared table, but it was filthy and sticky, as not wiped. Would hate to see staff in action when pubis busy! Don’t bother... 
It's not Thai food at all! The taste from each dish is basically the same, soy sauce! Cabbage in every dish. Very disappointed!  
Thought would try somewhere new and local. Ordered take away at 6.30 told would be delivered "within the hour".  
Never eaten here before and will not come again. Very expensive for a plate of sea bass and new potatoes. Gluten free and dairy free but could have made an effort and at least put a bit of salad on the side. very small portions for price of fish and chips. Fish very dry and overcooked. Muscles supposedly served with artisan bread but pre sliced burger buns on plate. Very few nuscles for a main. Small chip portions. Table very dirty and not cleaned before meal. 
Having lived in the area for several years I had been meaning to try this pub for some time. We had a dreadful experience yesterday (Bank Holiday Monday). They were completely understaffed (one person behind the bar and one waitress). We had to wait an hour for our food and when it arrived one meal had to be sent back as it was a limp, disgusting salad that was not worth £12.95. Such a shame as I was hoping to have a lovely meal and enjoy the weather and view. I will certainly NOT be returning!! 
Messed up starters then waited c1.5 hours for the main courses which when they arrived we found very average. Constant apologies for the delay but no explanation or compensation. Wouldn’t recommend.  
Maybe the worst roast I have had in my 3 decades on earth. Opted for the full roast with beef, pork and chicken and only the beef was maybe acceptable and it was cold. Gravy was water to the undercooked potato’s were soggy all two of them. A couple of the female staff were trying to be nice but as it was completely understaffed it was hard for them. The male staff were just plain rude and complaining how it was too busy. The pork was horrendous the chicken seamed like it had been out in a plastic back and left in boiling water for three days. No seasoning at all and none on the table and attempts to ask staff that could obviously hear me were ignored. Someone is making a pretty penny here as it was packed due to the Greta autumn weather and you pay £25 for a roast not worth a penny.  
Last night we took some out of town friends for a lovely meal on the river. I ordered Grilled Seabass fillets. I got my food and realised under the sauce the fish was completely raw (obviously cooked from frozen). I took my food to the bar to show them. Having been put off I asked if I could just have a cheese burger or something else. They returned to the table to tell me they could not do something else because I’d have to join the back of the queue which would mean a 45 min wait. Instead they cooked the fish longer and put it back on the plate with the sides now being cold and served it back to me. Shocking customer service!!! They didn’t even offer to take it off the bill. We definitely won’t be back.  
I was really looking forward to catching up with friends over a Saturday evening dinner at the newly refurbished pub, but feel really let down.  
We used to visit The Anglers regularly for weekend lunch but hadn’t been since the refurb. Well, the restaurant and bar look lovely but that’s where the compliment have to end because everything else has gone downhill dramatically.  
Well you would have thought that on the Monday of a bank holiday weekend given that the weather forecast has been seen to be amazing for a week that a visit to this riverside pub / restaurant would be ideal . Not the case ...how can you run out of Rose winein a pub ... none at all !! So it was a glass of white and a pint of cider £13 for the privilege having waited 15 minutes to be served a drink . Food , oh no , if you wanted anything from a bowl of chips upwards tou were told it would take over an hour for you to be served so no food , one drink and off . Such a shame as the setting is beautiful . 
I booked a table online but hadn’t had a confirmation so emailed the pub directly, they didn’t have my booking but seemed to be able to do it via email (I wasn’t 100% sure if it was confirmed but when we arrived sure enough there was a reserved table with my name so that was good).  
Just had a takeaway from here, my husband ordered a madras which had absolutely no spice to it & my Bhuna was watery & tasteless. Such a disappointment used to be lovely years ago. Wouldn't recommend at all. 
Went there with friends after the £400k refurbishment - looking for the craft beer bar and 30 gins. When we arrived they had no record of our booking but found us a table and fixed the wobbly leg. We ordered two Pinkaster gins - supposed to be with raspberries but served with strawberries. The TEA beer was off and the Tribute we had instead was cloudy - not a great advert for a 'craft beer bar'. From the menu the Wagyu burger was not available (on the Saturday evening of the long Easter weekend!) and we were told that the weekend specials which the menu promised were available every weekend would only be available on a month or so. We paid for our drinks and left. With their location and building they should be one of the most popular places around but they are getting so many things wrong. Never again. 
I have been a fan of the anglers since my husband and I moved into the area. We have been coming to the pub for a while now and as expected we were very much looking forward to the new renovation! However, our dreams have been shattered due to the hostility of the staff. I was SO looking forward to spending the warm weekends of the summer in the beautiful riverside pub, however i will not be return anytime soon. BE AWARE. The food is extremely overpriced for the frozen food that is served on the plate. The venison pie was worse than the pukka pie at the local shell garage. Just to let all know DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! 
Tapas very overpriced and very small portions. £4.75 for 2 prawns!! Beer and view was great. Will not return for food, will return for drinks and view. 
This is the second time we have visited here recently and have noticed how it has gone down hill. If you order a bottle of wine don't ask for ice ! It is far to much trouble. Anyone would think it was a valuable commodity. When we did eventually get some it was about 10 cubes in a couple of inches if water ! Staff not friendly. This is a second time in a row this has happened. Not good given all the decent alternatives in the area.  
Sunday lunch with my wife and our one-year old baby. To start with all the high chairs were very dirty (not regularly cleaned by th looks) which made me already suspicious of the place. We ordered the watermelon and strawberry salad (7.50 pounds) and calamari for starters and fish cakes as main. The size of the salad was ridiculously small and the strawberries were missing. I had to complain and they brought strawberries separately. The calamari were soggy and bathing in oil, not looking as freshly prepared/fried. We were told there was a 40-minute delay as the kitchen was very busy. However, they brought the calamari and the salad after just 10 minutes so I suspect calamari were leftovers. The fishcakes were very disappointing and ridiculously pricey for the quality (13.50). Food-wise this place is a joke. 
The Marlborough is our local. We've been paying through the nose for years for the apparent privilege. But on Saturday we were left embarrassed after taking friends there, due to the outrageous cost of drinks.  
Visited the Anglers today for Sunday lunch to celebrate a friend's 60th birthday.A table had been pre-booked for 2.00pm for 12 people. We all had drinks while choosing our meal then ordered at the bar. We were all sitting at the same group of tables (obviously) and were told at the time of ordering that there would be an hour's wait for our food. This had not been mentioned previously when the booking had been made nor when we arrived. The food orders came out at different times such at that at one point half the guests had their food and the others did not One member of the party received entirely the wrong order and another still had not received their order after the rest of us had finished eating. There was also an issue with one of the meals served (lasagne) which was burnt and dry. The menu states that you can have free top ups of yorkshire puddings, roast potatoes and red wine gravy but when I asked for these I was told that they had to put through as an order but that they would see what they could do about the gravy. Although the gravy arrived, the yorkshire puddings and potatoes did not. When eventually the manager came so we could talk to him about our concerns he refused to offer a refund on the poor quality meal, refused to apologise for the delay in service or informing us in advance that this would be the case and would only say that we should put our complaints in writing to him. When I pointed out to him that we had been regular customers of his venue and indeed held a large party there not two months previously, which I had organised through him, he said he could not remember the occasion. It seems to me this manager has very little concern about keeping customers happy, wanting customers to return to his establishment or recognising loyalty from customers. It is a great shame that a place like the Anglers, in such a lovely location, should be let down like this. It is unlikely that I will be eating there again any time soon. 
Went for Sunday lunch with my wife last Sunday. Had to wait almost an hour for our food (2 main courses). They mixed up my drink order in the meantime. I had fish and chips. The fish was virtually non existent, it was all batter & overcooked. Sent it straight back & won't be returning. At £5.25 a beer, £7.20 a small house wine & £15+ for a main course they are really milking the proverbial Richmond cash-cow, without providing the service or produce to justify it. There are far better places to eat locally ! 
The pub used to be a go to for fresh local food but is now the opposite. Absolutely do not eat here - we had the mussels which were all cracked and over cooked, when we told the waitress and manager they both said "yeah we know, they're frozen and the supplier is awful". Got them refunded after asking. 
Visited this pub on two occasions and they have a 100% record of being a let down. 
I’m loath to write a bad review as it is our local and I so want it to do well (used to love coming here) but the food is just so bad. First of all we were told we couldn’t sit upstairs because it meant the staff had to walk upstairs to give us our food(!), but when we eventually convinced them to give us a table we were told it was a 40 minute wait-fine, but we asked for some bread whilst we wait. 20 minutes later we chased the bread and they said, ‘I told you it was going to be a 40 minute wait for food’-what to cut some bread?! The roast beef was impossible to cut through and the vegetables were so over cooked, the broccoli was burnt-how can you burn broccoli? I complained about the carrots being so dry, I was told they were all like that - so obviously not cooked to order. I would actually go so far as to say it was the worst roast dinner I have ever had in a pub. At 12.30 on a Sunday they had run out of cauliflower cheese and stuffing for the roasts. I do want it to do well as such a great setting, but we will stick to The Swan. 
We brought friends to the Anglers for a traditional Sunday Roast, who were visiting from abroad. The beef was like shoe leather. Veg was cold, gravy was tasteless. Basically I raved about a British Sunday Roast, and was literally eating my words, or at least trying to gnaw them with the beef leather. Very sad! Avoid!  
I can't say what the food is like as I've been trying to speak to someone there which seems impossible so if their food is as bad as their device including ring back then I would give it a miss 
Haven't been here for about a year, even though i live less than a mile away. We won't be back, the noise of babies and toddlers running around had us sitting outside in the cold for a bit of peace and quiet. I'm still searching for a pub that prioritises adult customers 
Disaster- booked via app for 1330. Messaged twice from pub that time no longer available- ended up with a 3PM garden booking. Told on arrival food would be an hour. Nearly two hours later apologies as every table is walking out. No food delivered but having ordered on the app getting £ back = very difficult. Been a loyal customer since 2015 but never going back. I’d say from what I saw today 000’s regular customers never returning! 
I love this pub. The food is always great and the service friendly but today the wait time is horrendous. 1.5hours and still waiting. 3 tables with food and another 20 waiting. Really shouldn’t sit people down knowing the chef can’t cope. 
Based on the recommendation of a family member who had been to the anglers a number of times in the past, we booked a table for six on Sunday evening. That was our first mistake. 
Very long wait and not very good excuse from staff, very grumpy with no assistance on all customers ! 
We went to the Marlborough for a birthday Sunday lunch as a group of 20. We had prebooked and offered to pre-order but they said there was no need.  
After 2 hours and still waiting to be served. 
Lemon house Chinese!!!!don’t order from 
We came to The Marlborough about a month ago and were very disappointed with our lunch. We decided to return again thinking it was a one-off but our second visit was even worse. Our lunch table was booked for 3pm. Our food did not arrive till 5pm and it was cold and tasteless. Every other table around us was complaining and the general message in the pub was that there was a 1hr delay on all food. The venue and setup is great however if the basics are not done correctly then the end result is appalling. I am surprised if this establishment survives much longer without vast changes being made. I feel sorry for the servers who were very kind but have to deal with the angry clientele. We will not be returning until either there is new ownership or they drastically change to what should be a successful and enjoyable pub to visit. 
Dreadful burned overcooked venison burger and peculiar sweet potato fries. Not cooked through. If this is the standard of their cooking eat at home first !! 
Met a friend this afternoon - had two glasses of wine (small) and was £12.70 outrageous - no wonder we have stopped going there - not surprised it was empty with no one else in there - shall not be returning.  
Raw and tough lamb, shrunken supermarket style sausages with an unpleasant oven baked crust. A let down especially on a not very busy Sunday lunch time, so be warned. Don't hold your breath when using the table service in the garden for food and drinks orders. It took five attempts to get a glass to accompany a bottled drink and other orders did not arrive because they had run out. Staff did not share this information. The food order took over an hour. Sorry it's very poor all round. 
We went for dinner with friends on a balmy evening and the place is absolutely beautiful with a unique outside area. 
We had a terrible experience at the Marlborough last night. At 9pm on a Friday night there were large groups of young children running and shouting unsupervised through both the restaurant and bar area constantly.  
Have heard so many good things so we try it for Sunday lunch  
Best board game... Trivial persuit, 1983 edition, I don't review pubs much,hence I decided to mention the board games selection first. (it was either that or battleships)... Food was barely passable as nutrition. Clearly frozen and reheated fish, chips and peas. Drinks were alright and the staff were clearly trying to manage a busy Sunday lunch shift but by golly I have had better times in my neighbours shed.  
Haven't had such bad service for a long time and the manager's response was even worse. Initial service was ok but once main dishes were served that was the end. When we wanted more drinks we had to seek out a member of staff. Our plates were left on the tab 
We were quite excited to find a spare table here and the bar and waiting staff were lovely. Great setting by the river too. Sadly not a great experience.  
It was great place to go to 3 years ago ... then new menu and new manner came to place I guess as everything went downhill!  
So we went on a Friday night, booked a table via the website got a confirmation email through the booking system. Arrived expecting a table and got told No booking was made, you should of got an email direct from us, and that was that no apology in-fact it was my own stupid fault by the looks of it. 
Popped in to see what the new management and refurbishment was like. small cosy pub nice refurb put service was well non existent.  
As a regular for the past 10 years ..I was recently told I was not welcome any more because of an incident with a person at my table....about a card payment I payed my bill as always but 10 days later I was a poached by the manager ask to leave ..I find this unacceptable. ..I will not go back neither will the 20 or so friends that frequently use your establishment. . 
We went to the Malborough's on Father's Day. We had made a reservation for 6 of us plus 2 children. We were greeted by a lady (the manager) who only said: 'There is going to be at least 1 hour waiting for the food as the restaurant is full'. No hello, no sorry, no explanation. We waited for 1h and 35 minutes for our food, despite we asked for the kids' food to arrive earlier. Food was average. 
Worst restaurant I've ever eated in, food? Nightmarish, plus my son "found something unwanted" in the rice, the prawns were terrible, the staff? I'm not even sure they can be called waiters, they didn't know what to do, on the cutleries there was rest of other food, I wouldn't recommend it, I'll never go back to it 
No one brings glass for drink. No one brings knife and folk. No response to "excuse me?". The worst service ever in my life!! Don't come here. This is my honest suggestion. 
Won't be going again even though it is my closest pub. Before the refurb it was expensive now its outrageous. OK, there are people with serious money in our neighbourhood but there are loads of us on modest incomes. Young's should seriously consider their policies regarding this pub. 
I went here for a Sunday lunch with 8 friends. My daughter had been recently and had really liked the garden and said it was child friendly. I won't bother to go into too much detail except to say this is the worst pub food I have ever had. It was awful and yet the prices charged are very high. We will never return. 
I attempted to have dinner at the Marlborough last week for my mums birthday. It was a nice sunny day so I thought it would be nice to sit in the conservatory area.  
First of all when I got there, after a lovely Sunday walk up and down Thames, I wasn't even greeted or welcome to the place. 
Awful experience, booked a table for 10 and a dog, first got our table wrong as table available was without a dog, had to wait 45 mins outside. Finally sat down and no roasts at all, no prosecco ( so we were told) and other items on menu not available. Ordered childrens food to be asked 30mins later to confirm it, then to be told no veg left! Belly pork was disgusting! Agreed to take money off but gave us the full bill, then noticed a cigarette (unlit) but sitting in the kitchen of the food preparation area. When questioned, the 'head' chef was very rude and said what does it matter it's not lit!!!! And was VERY rude. Will never go back!!!! Avoid!!! 
I've been in the Marlborough many times over the years and always liked it. The big problem I've had with it in the past is the constant staff turnaround which made it hard to have any real connection or relationship to the place or the people who work there.  
Shocking to find that since The Marborough has been renovated it is even worse than before. Staff look as though they don't have a clue and they cannot cater for customers even when it is half full. Plently of other pubs in Richmond to go this has to be a last resort. Need new management. Tables outside are never cleaned and it seems more like a crèche. 
It used to be a pub with some character, but then a long and expensive retrofit took place and the Marlborough has transformed into a soulless hellhole with smarmy waiters dressed in ridiculous suspender-laden matching outfits, cheap wood panelling and faux gastropub fixtures, silly rules about where people can drink with kids and where they cannot and a tired overpriced menu with uninspired choices. 
Such a shame. We stopped by for a quick drink and thought we'd try some of their cocktails. Moat were fine but for our taste the 'British Bulldog' did not come up to scratch. 
I was attempting to gain some information on hiring this venue for a wedding reception. I emailed, and was palmed off with "the manager is away" repeatedly or "we had a busy weekend", and I am still none the wiser. 
My husband and I checked carefully with the waiter before ordering that the chef was able to cater for vegans: we stressed we couldn't eat any animal products of any kind. The waiter assured us that was "no problem", and sugguested several menu options. When a waitress brought our food over, we checked again with her that the food was vegan and she confirmed "there's absolutely no animal products in this" but checked we were ok with peanuts. So we were totally dismayed to find what looked like bits of omelette in our food half way through eating it. I asked the waiter who'd taken our order what the pieces were and he said "it's egg - you can eat egg, can't you?" Appalled that people in the catering business don't know what vegan means. Just lucky for them we don't have severe allergies. 
Visited for an afternoon pub lunch with friends after a walk in Richmond Park and this place was embarrassingly shambolic. The pub has clearly been renovated recently to a really high standard and sports a gorgeous garden room and very spacious beer garden. It has so much potential at a glance but absolutely everything else let it down. I think are three things generally to look for in a good gastro-type pub: (1) service; (2) food/drink; (3) atmosphere. The Marlborough failed spectacularly on all three. On service and food/drinks: our waiters were inattentive (bordering on rude), slow and clueless. The management in their wisdom appear to have armed their waiting staff with tablets to take orders on, presumably in an attempt to be slick – it hasn’t worked. It took 10 minutes for us to be given a menu and three attempts for our waiter to take our drinks order correctly (apparently the computer said no to a lager shandy and a white wine spritzer but brandy and a large wine were the obvious alternatives). After a further 15 minute wait for the drinks to be brought (and still not what we ordered) we asked if we could order food. You had to practically wave and shout at a waiter to get anyone’s attention. We were then told the kitchen was closed with no explanation – at 2pm on a Sunday. The waiter said “to be honest he had no idea what was going on”. The next waitress we asked said there was simply an hour’s wait but we could order and she would send someone over. We tried to order (no Sunday roasts, fish & chips available) but were again told the kitchen was closed. The table of six next to us and the couple opposite were also finding it comically inept. We gave up, eventually got the bill and went elsewhere. I strongly advise The Marlborough to go back to “place orders at the bar” style service and forget the table service unless you completely re-train your staff. It wasn’t even half full and it appeared to be in meltdown.  
Was looking forward to coming back to the Marlborough following its revamp, however, we were disappointed by the visit. The place looks great, but in a classic case of all fur coat and no knickers, the Sunday roasts were terrible. The beef was full of gristle, the veggies were bland and the 3 small potatoes tasteless. For £16 over priced is an understatement. The staff (for the most past) were friendly but the general atmosphere was somewhat chaotic. We had to ask multiple times for drinks, water, the bill... Had someone actually checked on us we probably would have sent the food back. 
Absolute idiots call to order a delivery was told food will be dropped off cold. Morons go back to school 
Went for my dads 60th, food was stingy, poorly cooked. Service was ok, I think the waitress felt embarrassed more than anything else with the food that she was presenting. Good pub for a drink on the river, but leave it at that  
I visited the restaurant today for late lunch and was told by the receptionist that a table would be available in 5 minutes. 
Wow - I used to come here when I was a teenager.... What an overpriced, soulless place this is now. 
The cheese straws were ridiculous, hard, inedible and didn't taste of cheese. The main courses were greasy and clearly had been warmed up. Awful, but nice staff. 
In 2013, the food was great, the service was great, the atmosphere was great. Move on a year and it is all change. Being our local pub, we took the kids for a family meal. In the past, we've had great food, but this time, and for the second time in a row, the food was terrible. The kids ordered burgers, and these were both burnt. Not exactly gourmet catering needed to cook two burgers properly. The goat cheese salad was a lump of cheap goat cheese with a few leaves and sad looking vegetables. The meat dish was fair but warmed up / perhaps boil in the bag, and not freshly made but OK to eat. The location is fantastic, but sadly the buzz of yesteryear when a very happy bunch of diners drank happily into the eveneing has been replaced by a few quick drinks and unhappy diners. I'd like a management response. The Anglers should be a fantastic place to eat and drink, and it is simply not happening at the moment. 
Most things about the restaurant were good. Friendly helpful staff, nice atmosphere, good looking food. However, when our party of 5 went there for Sunday lunch with one person having a severe gluten allergy, there was nothing on the menu except a sirloin steak and chips that that person could have. Seemingly all the gravies for the roasts had gravy granules added (that's what they said!) when pre- prepared and so could not be served for our diner. Nothing wrong with steak and chips but when this is the only option across a menu that proudly says to let them know of any food allergies and they will guide you is truly awful! 
This is my local pub but I won't be going again - 10.40 for a gin and tonic, 9.50 for a glass of wine. Even the barman looked embarrassed. 
We booked a Saturday evening, with no more than 20 people in the pub, and we were served quite possibly the worst food I have ever had. We order from the Tapas menu as the BBQ finishes at 5pm. We had deep fried whitebait, Asparagus in Ale Batter, BBQ Ribs and Fries. You will notice this is not a complicated choice! 
Clean your beer lines , clean your garden , bar , basically clean everywhere ! But most of all clean your staffs attitudes in every way !  
I think everyone agrees that the location, the decor and the garden are excellent. But that's not the reason we're reviewing the pub. 
I've been to the Marlborough many times over the last 10 years. Have popped in for a pint on Christmas Day, and have enjoyable eaten their many times. Today, however, was a real disappointment. 
The only thing going for this place is the location & lovely beer garden. The food was dire & the service was pretty slow. We waited 40 minutes for food to arrive at our table of 6. And it wasn't busy.  
Dreadful service, dreadful staff, and dirty garden. 
I have recently returned home after Lunch at the Marlborough Richmond with my Husband and Parents. We were shocked that after 55mins and having just finished our Main Meal (no starters) we were asked to leave the table. They suggested that if we wanted Dessert and Coffee we could STAND IN THE BAR AREA!! and if another table become available they would let us know. We were told the policy is 1 hour for each party and then they need the table for the next party....Enjoyable no, Shocking defiantly, will we return NEVER!!! 
Visited at the weekend. Was refused entry as based on the managers opinion I was too drunk. I merely wanted to establish what had led her to that conclusion, as we were not behaving in a wildly drunk manner. Simply had gone in, sat down in the beer garden, then tried to go in to buy a couple of drinks. She was unable to answer what I had done to make her think we needed to be turned away. When she was unable to give an answer she became quite verbally aggressive and rude, commenting on my age in a negative way. I’m in my early twenties and have been working for six years. I felt this was very unjustified. Some other customers at the pub saw that this had made me quite upset and asked what had happened. I explained and they agreed that there was no reason why I should have been turned away. By the time I left I was very upset at the treatment I had received. I feel I could have handled myself better and just left straight away, but just genuinely wanted to know what I’d done. I was made to feel very upset and angry at some of the disrespectful things said to me.  
The Marlborough is my local pub and until recently had a very good reputation. Bar staff were friendly and the food and service in the restaurant used to be a delight.  
Extremely overpriced - £9 for a G&T?! 3.50 for each shot of liquor. Worst of all, when we left, I caught them taking our unfinished wine bottle behind the bar to re-sell! 
Yesterday we decided to watch the sport in O'Neills Beckenham and when leaving our designated driver was told by the manager NOT to come back. Reason being the elderly lady didn't drink alcohol! So in today's society drink awareness doesn't exist for O'Neills because of you don't buy alcohol you're not welcome. Or perhaps O'Neills is encouraging drink driving. Basically a very unwelcoming establishment. O'Neills doesn't care about the people O'Neills is just after your money. Stay away unless you're all buying alcohol because you will not be welcome. 
Ordered a takeaway through Deliveroo. A number of items were missing. Called restaurant and they didn't give a damn. 
Zuma was a great place to meet friends and clients until today when we were asked to leave on what I can only say was religious grounds!! 
I have been going here at least once a week over the past few years, but recently stopped visiting as often as over the last 6 months was being served with ice cold rock hard rolls! It used to be so fresh and delicious, and now tastes like its pre packed supermarket food. I specifically asked for it to be cooked fresh tonight so that I would not be disappointed once again, but it came freezing and had to be sent back! They must make it in the morning and leave it in a very cold fridge to be served in the evening which is nit what you would expect for the price! I feel sick tonight after eating this once again. I will definitely not be back to the Wimbledon branch would rather travel the extra 20 mins to go to Kings Road branch where it’s always fresh!  
I avoid this place like the plague! I have NEVER had a good experience in this place! Asked for a Double Vodka and soda there the other night for my daughters hen night, got pure water with ice! Avoid, Avoid and again avoid! So many good places in Beckenham nowadays, I can't wait til they shut this place down and turn it into something decent - like a crematorium. Staff are rude, and you shouldn't employ special needs people where there's alcohol and abuse! AWFUL PLACE! and always has been! 
Really like this pub and the beer garden is great too. However, the last 2 times we have eaten here we have been horrified at the food and won't be rushing back to eat 
Bad service - Having had a few opportunities to sample the Sticks and Sushi menu and had a pretty good experience before we recently ordered a take away banquet cost well over £100. After collection and arrival home, we opened the well packed selections of cold sushi and hot ‘sticks’ (meat skewers) only to find that although the cold sushi was as good as before, all the meat sticks were badly burnt and blackened to the point that they tasted bitter and nobody wanted to eat them. We took all the 5 boxes of burnt items straight back to the restaurant about 20 mins later and spoke with the man on the front desk who was apologetic, took my details and promised that the Manager would contact me with a refund for the inedible items. That was two weeks ago and I have heard nothing and nor has my credit card been refunded. I feel let down and disappointed that they have behaved like this given it is an expensive restaurant at the best of times. What a shame they haven’t been professional and that this has cost me over £50 in inedible food.  
Food might be ok but the ambience was truly awful. Like a bad Pret A Manger at lunchtime. If you are paying these prices I expect a table that isn’t shared with another family with young kids. 
We went in to O'Neill's in Beckenham and the food has really gone down hill, it was awful. I will never eat there again. We may pop in for a bottle of wine or 2 as the staff are excellent but that's it. see pics attached! Not a happy customer, 
Definitely the worst “take away” service ever! We’ve been in the queu for over 1 hour to collect our order that was preordered for 7pm. No restaurant staff or manager to be seen to explain the delay while it’s 1 degree outside in Wimbledon. We’ve also tried to call them 30 times now and no answer! Clearly they have taken on way to much for what they can cope with. Extremely disappointed and most definitely do not order any occasion take away like this from them! 
Paid £180 for New Years Special meal for 1900hrs pick up. Told us we would have to wait an hour and eventually left with our food at 2104hrs. Food was fantastic but organisation was appalling and they put hundreds of people at risk of catching Covid... it should have been straightforward, arrive and pick up the food. As it was 100 plus customers milling around inside the restaurant is NOT what the government guidelines say. Guys you got it wrong and should be fined as well as compensating everyone. 
I've been living on Richmond Hill since 2006 and it confuses me why the Marlborough is still bad after all these years. It's got the great location, it's a lovely building and walking in it feels welcoming, but it just seems to keep getting it wrong. The food has always been poor, especially to other gastropubs in town, especially the Duke. The service is also just plain bad. Last time I was there I ordered a glass of wine & a burger. I said could I have the burger by itself, the server said "what, just a piece of meat?". I said no, I just didn't want the sides. She said "OK, but it'll still be £11". I told her to forget it and I'll just stick with the wine. Glad I did as dogs started fighting in the front and an air duct beneath my feet gave me a headache. In terms of service & food, compared to the Duke or the White Swan, the Marlborough just doesn't try. For a quick pint it's ok, but even the range is not that wide. Nil points 
Anyone that lives in the vicinity knows that The Marlborough has never been known for good food, very much the opposite, its always been disappointing food. Nevertheless, on the rare cherished summer's day there is nothing better than sitting out in their back garden enjoying a glass, the company of our friends and neighbours and the joy of our children being able to have a small bit of supervised freedom. Ahh…a nice scene, until, step in the new manager that seems to misunderstand the family oriented neighbourhood he is in.  
Asked for advice on the menu, only to have the waiter read it to me (I'm perfectly capable of doing this myself!). Eventually settled on the 15th anniversary tasting menu and matching wine, despite the fact there was no indication of what was on the menu.  
Two of us went for breakfast in O'Neills Beckenham on Sunday 4 Oct. We waited for 25 mins and then asked how much longer our food would be and were told it would be 3 minutes. 10 minutes later and no food I asked again how long it would be. 5 mins later we were told that they had in fact lost our ticket and we would have to wait another 25 mins because the kitchen was busy. We got a refund and left immediately, shocking service. Kevjp4@hotmail.com 
I used to love going to O'Neills whether for a few drinks at the weekend, lunch or dinner. They seem to have made a change to their menu in the past year or so and the food has seriously declined and the service is awful. The menu reads more like something from a Wetherspoons, awful American style food with no healthy options. The prevous menu was short but had a great selection. I waited 50 minutes for a side of chips before having to cancel as there seemed to be one staff on duty on a Saturday afternoon and he had no idea what he was doing although he looked like a manager I had never seen him in the 5 years I have been coming to this particular O'Neills. I just don't bother going here any more as there are plenty of other options. 
Shockingly bad service from front of house. Prioritising friends over clients. Menus thrown on the table with no explanation. Aggressively load music. On the whole a thoroughly unpleasant experience and left after 20 minuets. We will never go again and will tell our friends to avoid. 
Visit here on a regular basis and have given this place 5 stars many times but lately it has been so inconsistent! When paying these prices the food should be getting made fresh and it certainly has not been! When questioning this with the staff they checked with he chef about dishes that were arriving cold, who admitted they were being made earlier in the day for the evening guests! Fair enough if it’s cold sushi but when your ordering maki with what should be warm tempura inside this tastes vile! Having sent this dish back on 3/4 occasions to be freshly made over my last few visits, it arrives tonight cold again and I could not even be bothered to waste my breath sending it back so just ate it cold and wrote this review for the management to understand that I shouldn’t need to keep sending this dish back to have it freshly made! Shame as I do love this place the staff are fab but the pre made food is really letting it’s reputation down!  
Had the most appalling experience here with a chewed off fingernail found in the beef pappardelle. Was here for a special birthday dinner and my girlfriend had the horrific experience of taking a mouthful of the food and biting onto something hard, separating it in her mouth and pulling out someone's ragged fingernail. Totally shocking!!!!  
I’ve been frequenting this branch of the chain for around a year now and it’s always been lovely, until recently. 
Maybe I shouldn't be angry at Wagamama but dismayed at how popular places like these are? Food is completely lacking in exciting flavours and is cooked to a very average standard. Although you probably can't blame the chef's but the people who developed the menu and recipes. Some dishes just don't make sense but seem to follow current trends without any understanding of how the ingredients work. Service is just ridiculously bad with multiple servers coming to the table not knowing if we had ordered or not. Then they proceeding to shove personal items around the table so they could scrawl on the paper placemat and then hold out their languid arms waiting for menus to be passed back. There are good ways to turn tables quickly, but clearing plates before people have finished is not one of them. £17 for a basic main meal and drink, 0/5 for service and 1/5 for food.  
We were expecting Japanese sushi but what we got was Chinese . Our starters were half n hour late and 1 and half hours for main that didn't even taste like sushi  
The worst Pad Thai I have ever tasted in my life and I was absolutely starving and I couldn't eat the meal. I will never be stepping foot again at Wagamama. I would avoid at all cost unless you have no taste buds. 
45 minutes after taking our order she offered some bread and olives that took 10 minutes to arrive. Waitress blamed a 'computer error for delay. A full hour after arriving at restaurant our pizza arrived. Sausage and green peepers. Sausage too spicy 
I went with my friend today as I was going to see Bianca del rio and we wanted to eat. I’ve always had a good experience with Wagamama but today was an exception. We ordered our food which was amazing the waitress was nice (was) and after we ate our meal we decided to have a dessert. This hasn’t happened before however Mid eating our dessert the waitress comes over gives us our bill (which we did not ask for yet) and asked if we were ready to pay for our dinner. WHAT?! We were mid eating and now they want us to pay for our meal when we didn’t even ask for the bill? What if we wanted to buy something else? And then after that they never took our plates and took over 25 EXTRA MINUTES to actually get the waitress’ attention to pay for the bill we didn’t ask for yet. As much as I appreciate that they want a turn over of customers, they didn’t have to make so obvious and we felt really offended. Because of this we did not leave a tip and we saw the waitress was annoyed that we didn’t leave anything. Here’s the tip don’t put the bill down and ask us if we’re ready to pay when I have a mouth full of cheese cake. Shady work.  
I visited this restaurant with a friend of mine for what was supposed to be an enjoyable Saturday night out. Whilst the food was great and tasted lovely it left me and my friend with an upset stomach which ruined the following day when things have been planned.  
I came here a few weeks ago with my boyfriend and family, we were sat outside as it was lovely weathered ordered drinks from the bar and as we came in we said hello to Sheila (the owner) to have no reply what so ever, after we’d finished our meals to see the owner and her colleagues laughing and pointing at us. What I find even more infuriating is the fact that they did the exact same thing this time last year when we visited! I could hear them imitating my boyfriends accent (as he’s from Liverpool) laughing and joking with a little group of people like school kids on a playing field. I’ve never met/ seen such horrible disrespectful people and the cheek that they have considering we’re paying customers! I’ve lived in Sutton all my life so it’s not like she doesn’t know us. We left and got into our car as they continued to laugh and point at us now in the car! Gossiping like school girls. Sheila is one of the most short minded disrespectful people I have ever met. We will never be giving her our custom again. Ignorant. Rude. And down right nasty. 
I live in the area so I am very familiar with this restaurant. The food and the venue are great but I must say that the service is most of the time really poor.  
To be honest, I'll give most pubs a chance. We were made to feel completely worthless by staff.  
Waited 20 minuets to get served in the end we walked out of the place. It seemed that the bar maid wasn't interested in serving non regulars 
Walked past the BiH a few times and always thought it looked really nice. When I visited it today unfortunately the experience was rather disappointing.  
I don't like to write negative reviews but in absence of any reply to my email sent nearly a week I feel I have no alternative. 
We went there for coffees and croissants, we faced this new manager who was rude and dishonest. We waited a while for paid coffees and the croissants. The curtains of the entrance were not used so we had this cold windy freeze on us.  
An hour for 5 pizzas - the entire restaurant served before us - staff not the slightest concerned - a really unpleasant experience 
It is absolutely ridiculous. I arrived at the restaurant over an hour ago and I am still waiting for my food. This is a live review, how else am I to spend my time? Over the course of the hour, we have endured wrong orders, awful service, meagre portions and terrible seating plan.  
Overpriced as advertised. Beware of the service charge they unexpectedly add to your bill at the end. Sat for 25 minutes with empty glass at the bar, waiting on the service I was charged for. Will not return. 
I have been enjoying this lovely local pub and it's delicious food since it reopened and have always had good service from the charming waitresses who work there. Sadly today they were absent and were replaced by a couple of unsmiling and diffident waiters. After a prompt first course we had to wait 25 minutes for a pizza . When we complained we were not offered any apology but were told that they were waiting to cook the pizza with another order from a table that arrived 20 minutes after us. When I pointed out that I had a deadline and that a pizza should not take that long I was still not offered any apology. Instead there was a unpleasant atmosphere which culminated in the rough,threatening manager chasing me outside after my wife had paid and banning me from any future visits to the pub.  
Terrible the only thing that was ok was the edamame and the water ...the curry wasn't a curry I don't know what that was but tasted like somehon I would but from the supermarket and have it reheated at home... The ramen tasted like itsu take away ramen but worst missed coriander salt and chilli... Chicken wings were cold and soggy ... Terrible ... I know wagamama isn't the best fusion cheap restaurant but for the price they are charging trust me take your business elsewhere  
We booked a table for two few days beforehand. When we arrived we were shown to our table which was basically two seats at a bench facing the street, we had a lovely view of a busy bus stop and a bin. With floor to ceiling Windows there was no hiding. We asked to be moved, the waiter said there would be a short wait so we ordered drinks in the mean time. They arrived 15 minutes later, by which time we were told it would be a much longer wait but we could sit at the bar. In between we saw many other couples arriving after us and being seated. The waiting staff did not seem to care at all. In the end we couldn't wait to leave. Having spent an unnecessary £30 on a beer and a very mediocre cocktail we won't be going back.  
We were four to arrive at 6pm, greeted in a most impressive welcoming way by the doorman. We announced immediately that we wanted to dine early and go across the street to the Marblearch Theatre to fetch tickets at 7:30. We were graciously taken to the restaurant on the street level behind the bar and introduced to a lovely Italian waitress. We informed her immediately of our need to place the orders immediately. It took one hour to get the first course which we threatened to cancel because we feared being late. Eventiually at around 7:15 we cancelled the main order and asked for the bill. The poor waitress tried everything she could and could only offer the explanation that the kitchen was dealing with too many orders at one time. When leaving we informed the maitre d' who took our card and said someone would be in touch with us and apologize for the inconvenience caused. He also said that the kitchen had been inundated with room service requests. A warning to all guests: do not plan to dine comfortably before the theatre at the Mariott on Park Lane even if you allow 90 minutes. Fay Rogers 
Went here for dinner and was very disappointed. We had the 'Onassis' special and it was poor quality sushi and badly cooked meat dishes. The restaurant is very tatty with holes in the walls, smelly rugs and sticky tables and the crockery was chipped and dirty. This is the worst Japanese food I have had. The service was also poor and when my wife asked for her dirty crockery to be replaced there was no apology. Finally it was expensive with cheap Sake being sold at high prices. 
I brought my family here tonight for dinner- myself (5months pregnant!), my husband, 9 year old daughter and 17 year old son. We have been here a few times over the past year and always had a good meal but this evening was AWFUL!!! It started off with the server telling us quite rudely that we only had two hours to eat as they were busy! We then waited half an hour for our drinks...Whilst the food was good, they forgot half of our order or kept bringing the wrong food! Plus, we asked at the beginning of the meal for a bottle of water which never came! We asked 4 times for it, and kept getting told it was coming and it NEVER DID!! Half of my sons food didn't show up and my daughters food went cold waiting for a spoon to eat with...They got my daughters food order wrong and brought my son the wrong drink... It was one bad mistake after another! When finally at the end the manageress came over to ask if we were ok, I told her exactly what had happened, we finally got a glass of tap water!!! I am 5 months pregnant, whilst I do not expect special treatment, I do expect water to have with my meal when we've asked so many times!!! She offered us dessert but by this point we had had enough, refused to pay which she accepted, and then left. As we left not one person apologised or said anything... WOW! I think it is safe to say we will NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN! 
Best to go into London further to find a proper sushi restaurant.  
Ok so I'm not staying at the hotel, but at another marriott. I was out for a long walk in London and thought I would call in on my way back for a drink as I have never stayed in this Marriott before and was interested to see what was so special about it.  
Worst restaurant where I have ever been in..Unprofessional staff with no English! I'll never come back.Thanks 
Booked here for a £28.50 per person plus Cava?, when we got there we were given a £35 pp menu. Pointed this out but was told that would not be a problem.  
We booked afternoon tea as a celebration for my graduation from postgraduate medical exams. My mum has had bad service on a previous visit and we received half of the afternoon tea as compensation and paid for a ‘bottomless afternoon tea’ when it arrived the sandwiches were very very dry! The drinks weren’t bottomless as the service was so bad, there were fruit flies (in January!) in the restaurant and the table was left for 45 minutes uncleared. It was utterly dissappointing AGAIN. I genuinely don’t know what to do. We have been to this hotel lots before and have childhood memories here but it has gone downhill so much. 
we went in in 4 and we’ve been told we would have been sat in 30 mins but it turned out we sat in 1 hour. And we had to order at the bar because the kitchen would have been closed before we sat. At the end of the dinner we asked for another liquor but we’ve been told by the waitress she wanted to go home. Regardless from the fact we had the bill split in 4 different amounts, we’ve not been offered any drink at all. I understand the british approach but that was not reasonable. 
I’m usually a great fan of Wagas but this one was not so great. Me: “Do you mind if I sit over there? I’m waiting for my daughter and I’d like to be able to keep an eye out for her.” Waitress: “Yes I do mind, I haven’t got the staff available.” Followed by waving her hand at the seat she was determined I would have to take. I was then left sit for ages without attention when I would have quite liked to order a drink. When my daughter arrived we sat and sat whilst two waiters gossiped in a corner and in the end I had to get up and go and ask for a menu! 
Really really a bad experience. 
We went here for our staff Xmas party and were given a set menu of 2 (£34) or 3 courses £40). The food was very poorly presented, the chef had obviously just thrown it onto the plate in a rush. I had a sea bass main and it was very small and it came with only 3 small baby new potatoes! I asked the barmaid for some extra veg and she bought back a tiny pot with 2 more small potatoes cut into halves! I was astonished but I felt lucky as another person in our group only received 1 1/2 potatoes! 
I don’t know how many times I have looked to eat in my local pub only to be told the kitchen is closed. Every time I come in here - “sorry the kitchen is closed”.  
We live locally to this pub but have not visited since it changed hands. Having seen the other reviews, we decided to pop in and check it out at approx 7.30pm yesterday which was a Saturday night. There was a private party just getting started in part of the pub which was fine, but there was plenty of seating elsewhere where a few people were enjoying a drink.The staff seemed pleasant enough, but I noticed that all the cask beer handpumps had their signs reversed and when I enquired about the draft beer, I was told there was none. 
Disgusting  
£18 for a Sunday dinner to then be told they have no mint sauce ( Even though there is a shop next door ) 
This is the 6th time she’s added onto our bill and we have had to correct her. I’ve taken loads of patty’s of people there and it’s embarrassing now because last night I warned the people I was with and she done it again. And it’s not small it’s extra steaks extra jugs of sangria last night it was 4 plates of tapas mushrooms when there was just one. Plus extra bottles of wine at £18 . This was put on Facebook last year so I am not the only person. She thought we were drunk and wouldn’t notice but she’s done it so many times. Then there’s the excuse the tills not working so there’s no receipt. The food is excellent people only go there for that so hopefully the chef will go somewhere esle soon. The lightens so bright and you are sandwich in like sardines PLEASE ALL CHECK YOUR BILLS what she doing is robbing people and it isn’t on hopefully she will do it to a group of police officers one night  
The food is amazing here! I can’t lie but, WOW! The manager is vile! She’s rude, she’s disrespectful & she over charges as & when she feels like it! I’ve visited here many times & if she thinks you’ve ‘a few a few too many’ she adds onto the bill ridiculously then when questioned, she says “the till is broken” or blames it on her poor staff (who are embarrassed by her actions)  
We came over for dinner tonight and although more than half of the tables were empty the meeter-greeter said all tables were booked and literally kicked us out. Strangely enough Bookable showed loads of seats at the same time. Appalling! 
Made a reservation for 10 people today only to show up and the restaurant being closed. When i called the lady told me 1.she was abroad 2.there was a gas leak.... and when i asked why she did not call me she told me she had no bookings!!! When i clearly had the confirmation and i also called twice previously to confirm this!!! 3 families coming in only to be left with no place to eat after a wedding!!! Poor service skills!!! 
We went for a Father’s Day mean on sat eve booked online and called an confirmed our booking. On arrival our table was not ready, fine it happens. We went to the bar and waited. Another table of 4 arrived and were seated. A large group arrived and were seated and then another group arrived and were seated. We didn’t once complain and waited patiently.  
I booked a table for 3 (husband and 3 year old toddler) we got there and one of the waiters wanted to seat us in the front area but the woman (owner) told him to move us to the back SMOKING AREA. 
We went to sticks n sushi for the first time last night with six friends. We'd heard great things and love sushi. The whole experience was disappointing. Our waiter was extremely rude. I tried to order drinks and he said he was busy. When he eventually took the drinks order he wouldn't let me order food at the same time as the rest of the table as I wanted a set menu rather than a separate starter- it made no sense and he was very abrupt and rude about it. I asked for part of the set menu to arrive at the same time as my friends' starters and it didn't. When my food eventually came it was average. I do not plan to come back and would not recommend it. 
the staff (one lady in particular), are absolutely horrible! This is the 4th or 5th time we have visited where we have been completely ignored. On this particular day, even though I had signalled her 4 or 5 times, she didn’t even bother coming over to take our order. She decided to serve people that came after us. Horrible lady. Even after we left, she had made no effort to apologise. Clearly she either has a personal problem with us or, she hasn’t been taught the true meaning of customer service. I have seen a lot of reviews on google that have been saying similar things. this lady needs to be sacked! 
I have had food from delhiwala so many times, over many years but the service has always been on the slow side! On Sunday I had family over and decided to visit delhiwala in Heston, there was a queuing barrier which I thought was an excellent idea as there wasn’t ever an order in the restaurant but on this occasion I ordered the food and my bill was around £60:00 as I ordered a fair few things but the noodles were so spicy that they inedible and samosa were refried and were not to there normal quality! I’ve been buying food from delhiwala for many years! Will not be going there anytime soon unfortunately. Below is a photo of the samosa quality I was given! Absolutely disgusted! 
If you like your paella covered in salt and served with a side of attitude then this is the place for you. Shame, it used to be good before change of management 
The waiter didn't bother to take the last order, didn't bring an item we ordered. going home hungry, avoid. 
Starters- we ordered prawns in ‘pomodoro sauce with chilli’ which was literally luke warm tomatoe passata with 3 small prawns floating in it & ‘mixed flatbreads & bruschetta share platter which was Just an undercooked doughy pizza base with a single slice of ham on and a few tasteless watery tomatoes 
Why would you want to go out to dinner and have to bring your own booze and then be charged for it? Rip off London continues.....Would you go to an Italian and be asked to bring your own spaghetti??? 
Ooh, went her a couple of years and it was lovely. Yesterday, at lunchtime the food, was wholly disappointing. Pretty sure there's not Spanish chef here. Every dish, bar the liver, appeared to come out of the microwave, some served boiling-hot others somewhat tepid. Tasteless. If you fancy a tasty liver and some Rioja, then you'll be fine. Woke up at midnight and had to go to the loo, if you know what I mean... 
8 of us came to prezzo Cheam this evening - NEVER AGAIN! Awful service, very slow, wrong orders, forgotten items, slimy pizza underneath, no apology, stuck in a corner and forgotten about. Steer clear everyone! 
I went to the covent garden brunch at 7 and asked to reserve a table. The lady at the door said no need, come back " I have lots of places where I can sit two people"... I was surprised by this answer, but she was really friendly so we left and came back as instructed an hour later. When we were back we waited a good 30 minutes to be seated, the place was very busy. Finally a table downstairs was free, as we were about to sit, the person in charge told us if we wouldn't mind "not seating" as there was another table needing ours... we would wait 10 minutes in the bar with a free drink...I accepted, he seemed nervous and struggling, before going upstairs he spotted seats in an area which is designed for solo eaters. Now we were seated touching elbows with the two couple next to us, instead of a single table we gave up out of politeness. We had a look at the menu, we wanted to have a nice dinner trying many plates but by now we were quite uncomfortably squashed. We stood up and left, no one asked why we were leaving. I spent one hour in this restaurant, didn't have a drink or any food so can not comment on that side of this sushi chain. 
Yes ...that’s me...I have a broken foot..and I live near the mitre pub..we can say we are neighbors ...ohhh no we can’t ...because neighbors would never kick you out of the pub just because you lost your work phone on the pub and you are chasing it in the floor and near your table ..........after I got home thank god a client of that pub found my phone in that mitre bar and since I live 1 block from the pub I was lucky to get my work phone back!!! Let’s be honest with zero help from that night “ manager “ so sorry since they Are actually my neighbors .......and I’m used to treat my neighbors right ..that guy should be fired :..really no one treats a women with a broken foot that lost her phone like you did !shame on you” manager “!!!! Give your manager business 1 star because I can’t give less :..... 
We have been going to Prezzo for a long time now and our local is Cheam. First bad experience was last year when my brushetta came on 2 slices of homemeal bread not even toasted I might say! So decided to go Banstead one instead from now on & have never had a problem. Yesterday thought let's give Cheam another go & again without fail another let down. I ordered Calzone only for it to come & no word of a lie I opened it up to only have 2 meatballs 3 strands of chicken put to one side & sauce must of been 6 table spoons. I called the waiter & he said he will get another one cooked & shouldn't have bothered as there was less filling than the first so basically I would have had dough there was more sauce in the dip they have you than in the Calzone. Never again will we return to Cheam our local branch 
Went in but was totally ignored. Other guests came in and they were served immediately. so left. Decide to go back, this time i was served. I asked for a large chardonnay which was a staggering £9.57. You can guess I only had the one. Bought a bottle of Chardonnay in the neighbourhood for £ 7.49. So spent the night in the room watching TV and having a drink 
It is such a shame that I saw a rat inside the pub. Thankfully (I think), this was after I had finished my meal. I was sat next to the radiator in the little annex near the second door to the pub when Ratty scurried out from under the radiator, had a quick look around and then scurried back under the radiator again. I love wildlife but I am extremely concerned if a venue that serves food has rats living within the restaurant. 
Myself and 3 friends visited Cheam Prezzo branch on Saturday, 29 September at 8:00pm. The evening got off to a good start as we were enjoying catching up with each other. We waited for about 20 minutes before a waiter came over to ask for our order and once ordered our food took longer than expected, but it was busy.  
My son booked a table here for us to celebrate his birthday. The night started badly with an incorrect drinks order. First 2 dishes arrived with no problem but a long time later there was no sign of the rest of our order (6 more dishes). We found that our order had been lost! We then reordered and the food came after a further 10 minute wait. Had to return the fish ad it wasn't fresh. Apparently there was a substitute chef on that didn't know how to cook tapas! We asked for the bill as soon as we'd finished eating and when it arrived we'd been over-charged. Needless to say we paid the new corrected Bill and deducted the tip. What a cheek auto-charging the tip when the service had been so poor. 
I visited this place last night (Saturday) and have to share my experience. I visited with my Spanish friend. We were early arriving, about 6pm so it wasn’t that busy. We asked for a window seat which had been reserved so I assumed it must good. We sat elsewhere and I could hear my Spanish friend try to engage with staff. They seemed unfriendly and not willing to chat especially guy who seemed to be in charge. The Spanish ham with bread was ok for 10 pounds though I could see him using his hands to plate it.....it is sat on the bar. The paella at 50 pounds for 2 was terrible, so I was surprised to read the previous reviews which actually were mostly dated earlier this year. I agree with another reviewer who said it was dry, fish was not fresh and certainly not plentiful. About 6 dried up mussels, 2 king prawns and some calamari I think. I couldn’t recognise anything else in the fish line. Extremely over priced and hardly edible.....do not order this! Maybe we chose wrong item. Desserts were fine and wine too. Finally, we overheard waiter chastising waitresses. This is not acceptable professional behaviour. We will definitely not be returning and will try the other Spanish restaurant in this area next time subject to checking here first of course. 
Just had lunch in this restaraunt. Waited about an hour for the food to arrive. This is absolutely ridiculous cosidering we ordered two Mitre burgers and the steak sandwich. 
For nearly 30 years we have visited the Mitre for drinks and/or dinner. This year it was a terrible disappointment, staff unfriendly, not too clean and meals not very enjoyable. We will not be returning. A pity as we had two young adult grandsons with us who had not visited previously and they were not impressed. They reside in London 
We have been in this restaurant 27-03-2018 and it has been the most horrible experience have had.  
Me and my partner whent there to eat and chill a bit. We saw the place works till 11 so at 9 we were like yes qe have at least 2 hours to chill and eat and drink. So as soon as we walked in the waiter told us we need to hurry to order the food.It was just 9 but we were like ok maby kitceh close early today. The food was good i have to admit. We finished the food and we were ready for more drinks and dessert. But no one came to ask us they started swipping the floor as soon as we finished and it was just 10pm and it says it works till 11 so we were like ok. then they started get redy and switch off the music. I asked if they r closing and they said not yet but thwy were ready to get read of us. Reallu unpleasent fealing . We felt from the start like they didnt want us. We will never go back! I dont recomend it really bad service! U have that same quality of food in many other places with much more pleasent staff. the saddest thing is i thing one of them was the owner! and in the end they open the door for us like common leave before we even got our jackets on....sad... 
We are staying in a great part of London, rich with Restaurant offerings. This ratedwell on TA as a "local" experience. 
The restaurant was very cold, uncomfortable hard seats and the waiter surly. Food was not very tasty and even the pineapple juice tasted awful like it was watered down. Over-priced. 
Short staffed and not really able to cope with our large group 
Meal with my family. I ordered a salad which amongst other things was supposed to contain advocado, toasted seeds and an "ipa" dressing. These were all missing and what I got was basically a bowl full of barley. I asked about the missing advocado, and recieved a tiny bowl of about 1/4 of an advocado. No dressing, no toasted seeds, no explanation from the waiter. Even when I asked for balsamic dressing, he wasn't sure if they'd have any. Eventually the cost of my "meal" taken off the bill, but there was no explanation from the clueless waiter. My son left half his burger as it was disgusting. We were the only people in the restaurent and we still got this lousy service. Obviously they just don't care as it is mostly passing trade. Awful place. 
staff were lovely, but food was poor. I ordered a portion of winter vegetables which consisted of a plate of cabbage. I also ordered quid which was a portion of batter with very little squid.  
My boyfriend and I decided to break way from our olde faithful Pizza Express and we so wish we had NOT ..... 
Normally we go to Prezzo in Banstead but thought a change of scenery would be nice. Started with giant meatballs which one was tough and the other one I couldn't get a knife to cut though it, it was like it had freezer burn or had been microwaved for too long. They were replaced and the second lot were fresh and tasty. For main I had the goats cheese and red pepper pizza which strangely didn't have any goats cheese on it, I ate it anyway. Then pudding was sticky toffee pudding which was fridge cold in the middle spoke to the waitress and it was replaced by one that had been nuked as an over reaction to the first one. Cannot fault the service as it was very good but I used to come in here a lot when it first opened and the food was faultless. Will stick to Banstead in future. 
So we've just been turned away from here, we had no booking, didn't matter! Restaurant was empty. We were turned away as they didn't have enough staff! Ridiculous! Even one of the waitresses was shocked that her manager did it! Will be sending a email to the head office in the morning and won't be coming back.  
slow service, food wasn't great, confusing vouchers with set menus, mix up with the bill 
Told that they didn’t have the staff to cope with our party!! So we were sent packing. Terrible manager with awful skills shame on them. On the plus side we found a real Italian 
We have been visiting this restaurant for years and has always been good food and good service. We have been twice this year and both times absolutely awful food and service a joke. Staff are rude and completely disinterested in customers, arguing between each other and nowhere to be seen when you wish to order. Food takes forever to arrive and when it does, it’s certainly not worth waiting for. Some drinks we ordered never even arrived. After an hour waiting, we had half of our drinks order and starters to share with no plates even though we had asked for them twice. We gave up and left. I’m not surprised Prezzo is in trouble and closing branches, they’ve lost us as customers now as we won’t be going back. We gave them a second chance after inedible food and rudeness a couple of months ago and things seem to have gone from bad to worse.  
Second time we have had a bad meal here, will not go back again, staff just not interested, no clue at all regarding Customer service, management need to have a deep look at how this branch is ran, go to Banstead up the road totally the opposite in relation to service, and quality of food presented. 
Cold food, rude staff, minute portions, no atmosphere, but stratospherically priced. We will not return. 
This must be the worst place for food I have ever encountered the staff not interested ok for a beer but the food was absolutely rubbish 
I suffered a huge burn/blister on the roof of my mouth after eating a poor quality chicken stew that had been microwaved. It literally took 2 1/2 weeks of my holiday before I could eat without any pain and I had to forego red wine and anything acidic for that whole time.  
Worst customer service I have ever seen. The man serving is so arrogant and rude should not be able to serve at all. Placed order over the phone and reached there after 15 min as requested food wasn't still ready and I was asked to wait. After waiting for 20 min there was no sign of my order. When asked to make it a bit fast the man started to be rude and asked to have some patience and started to blame for being rude. I had to leave the place without taking my food. Will never go to this place again.  
Avoid this place, I have eaten here many times and gradually it has descended to a level of awfulness that is shocking; service and food are awful  
Been there several times. Mediocre food, the rude guy at the bar. Better go to swan nearby. Not recommended  
I am not sure why this place would any good reviews as the food is really bad and the service rather unfriendly. 
La Rueda Grill Bar looks great, with front opening right up to take advantage of the weather. There’s little else going for it though. 
Went for a meal with the family. Found them very unfriendly and impatient. The man taking the orders was very rude and pushy. When the food came the seafood dish was not edible as it was full of prawn legs and smelt off. Very disappointing. Only rated it a one as not able to do a zero! 
The service was abysmal, the staff were unfriendly and downright rude and we were made to feel very unwelcome. The restaurant is devoid of any atmosphere. The food was not good, the only thing that was hot was the rice and everything was far too salty. My friend and I both felt unwell after eating there. 
I went there last night and after a reasonable dinner I saw a little mouse under the table. I told it to the waiter and she smiled. That's all, I really do suggest NOT to go! 
This was the worst meal we've had in a long time. Poor service, a main course that was poorly cooked and staff 'arguments' held at a nearby table. My wife's pasta lacked chicken (she counted four pieces and left a third of the pasta as a result) and my chicken calabrese was badly overcooked and flooded with tomatoes. This restaurant does not compare well with its Banstead counterpart. No dedicated waiter so random service. We were very disappointed, especially as it was my wife's birthday!! 
From when we arrived there were warning signs. The family on the table next to us sent back their mains as we were seated.  
Terrible food, lack of taste, king prawns were baby prawns all 3of them, mains burnt. 
What an absolute JOKE  
We have visited this restaurant twice. On both occasions ordered dishes have not appeared and unordered dishes have been plonked on our table. We have been fobbed off with excuses for delays. When one orders dishes that complement each other one needs them together not spread over an hour. Two strikes and out we will not be going back again. 
Food was so bland. I was really disappointed. My friend asked for his sauce not to be on steak, and it came poured all over. I order the paella. It was inedible. I am no fish expert but fish was def not fresh! Spent over £50 and left still hungry. 
I have to say the food was terrible . I had the salmon penne pasta. The almon looked like tinned salmon and had big bits of skin in it , the sauce was watery and the whole thing tasted like a cheap microwave meal. Had this meal in other Italian restaurants and never seen it served like this. I could really only eat the pasta. The service in resturant was also terrible we were in a back room and they never came over and asked if we wanted drinks! I had one drink all night and water. 
Group of 6 arrived for our meal at 8 pm and shown to our seats . The table was not set up and chairs dirty with food from previous customers . At 8:40 our waiter took an order for drinks and food , 09:10pm an hour and 10 mins after our arrival we received our first drink followed by our starters , we then waited and waited for our plates to be cleared and the main course to be delivered, watching the restaurant to empty of customers who arrived long after ourselves. We tried to attract somebody's attention but finally had to get up and ask if we'd been forgotten. Another 10 or 15 mins later our food arrived ( on unheated plates) my lasagne was good , my husband's pizza base was charred underneath making it inedible and another one of our friends was delivered cold chicken which had to be replaced and arrived 10 minutes after we had finished our food  
Have been before. Food ok. Visited one near Chingford, food excellent. This time food awful, left most of it. My spaghetti was cooked well but the meat ( and there was lots of it)! Was very grey looking, no obvious sign of any tomato present and tasted nasty. My husband felt the same, his pasta tasted smokey. The coffee must have been on the hot plate for ages, the milk made no difference to the overall colour and was very bitter. Staff unfriendly. Told my daughter-in- law off, for asking if it was possible for a slight change to her meal. No one smiled at all and we were herded into a part at the back of the restaurant. Everything seemed like a massive inconvenience. Will not return. Shame on you.we did not receive a free bottle of proseco, even though I said it was my husband's birthday. 
Eagerly awaited first visit La Rueda with four girlfriends. We arrived at 8o'clock. Drinks were not offered until five to nine! We had to call the waiter over to order food. Other tables were being attended to despite having arrived after us. the service was pitifully slow. We ordered a selection of Tapas to start which arrived piecemeal and incomplete. Of the five mains three arrived lukewarm and I had send mine back. None of the waiting staff came to see if things were ok. We were not offered a dessert menu or coffee. By 11.30pm the restaurant was empty bar our table at which point the music was turned up so loud we could not hear ourselves speak. Altogether an in pleasant experience and I would not go there again nor recommend it to anybody.  
A spur of the moment meal to end the day. Eight adults and a four year old sat down for some of the worst service and food I have experienced for a long time. From missing drinks from our first order. To the waiter standing at one end of the table and shouting who ordered what before passing it along to the correct person without moving a muscle. Granddaughters pizza didn't even arrive until we complained. She was so upset at not receiving her food. The food was bad, could not recognise some of the toppings on the pizzas. Everybody left food on there plate. Beer was flat and not cold. Only one male toilet ! No urinals. Could not wait to leave, never going back. And to top it all they added a service charge. !!!!!!  
Firstly the service was dire, really really slow, wasn't even that busy ! Secondly I ordered Calamari and the lemon was shrivelled and off, who knows how old it was, I mentioned this all I asked for was a fresh piece of lemon but my starter was taken from me and a new one returned so late that everyone else had already eaten there's. What's more alarming was that the bowl had some kind of slime on it, disgusting, looked like a bogey. 
Plates were dirty, glass was broken, food was not nice, cold and wrong. Staff did not speak English to explain menu which caused problems.  
I have lived in the area for the last 5 years and this prezzos has always been our favourite place to go. I hadn't been for a while and was excited to be going with my friend as I knew I loved the food.  
Never ever go to this restaurant . Went for lunch with friends , lady came to take order couldn't speak English , took the order but we hen food came it was wrong order as she couldn't understood English or any word or anything . Anyways , ordered some drink and glass was dirty and broken . Food was cold and taste was disgusting . No body ate anything . It was bad experience and waiste of money . 
For those of you deciding to go to this restaurant.... DON'T. 
I visited Prezzos, Cheam 3 days ago and to say it was terrible isn't exaggerating. I went went 3 friends - we have all been there lots of time previously and this is the first time I have had to complain/do a bad review. My main was 'awful' - I sent it back and got another which wasn't much better. The service was so bad - we had to wait over 45 minutes between courses and our plates weren't cleared away so we had to sit looking at all our leftovers (mine was a full plate as I just picked out a few prawns from a risotto) for the rest of the evening. We asked to speak to the Manager - he turned up after ages - was very flippant, said food sometimes turns out like this/sometimes like that? The restaurant wasn't even busy. We were sat in the back area and there were very few tables occupied. Another minor gripe was that we asked for a bottle of Prosecco and the Manager said there wasn't any chilled but we could buy by the glass which just seems to be a way of getting us to spend more - surely if it's available by the glass you should be able to buy a bottle. As we were getting ready to leave the Manager brought us over 4 glasses of chilled Prosecco which was way too late as we were all so fed up with Prezzos by then and we had early starts the next day. Not impressed Prezzos. 
Went for lunch today but couldn't stay as no high chairs. Zizzis in Banstead got our business instead. Well done zizzis.  
We dined at your restaurant on Friday and had a table booked for 8pm for five people. Three of us arrived first, and sat at the table. At 830 I went to the reception part and found the other two guests - who were told that our party hadn't arrived yet. Eventually we were all sat, and our order was not taken till 9:10pm. As a waitress in a local family restaurant, I understand Friday is a busy night (which to me it seemed quite average) but we waited about 25 minutes for our starters. After our mains were cleared, we further waited 20 minutes and were not offered desserts and drinks.  
Have eaten here in the past and could not fault the food or service. Went back after recent refurbishment and walking into the reception area the initial customer service was distinctly lacking. Got shown our table, no smiling faces until our waitress came along who was very pleasant. Our starter order was taken. Starters appeared in less than 10 mins before our main food order has been taken. Starters were poor and lacking any taste. Our main order arrived 5 mins after we had finished our starters and before our waitress had time to clear the table. Very bland and unappealing. Best bit was the ice cream! All in all, a terrible meal and I'm not one to complain, but I've had better food in hospital it was that poor. All our party agreed we would not be going back and certainly will not be recommending. 
We used to be a great advocate of Prezzo In Cheam. However our visit on this day was awful and based on our experience will not go back. 
Unfortunately the worst meal we have eaten in UK for a long time. Deep,fried anchovies tasted of rancid oil; swordfish overdone; lamb 90% fat 10% meat and confused staff. A waste of £63. 
We were really looking forward to going to Prezzo. Haven't been since it first opened. We booked a table for 7.00pm. When we walked in there was only one other couple waiting to be seated. The manager and a member of staff were behind the bar but neither one acknowledged our arrival! We waited a good few minutes and still they did not break from their conversation. All it would have taken is an acknowledgement that we had arrived, wouldn't take too much effort, now would it? We took the decision that if this was how the evening was going to start we would rather go somewhere where they showed an interest in the customer and looked as though they valued the custom. 
The moment we walked into the restaurant my wife told the manager of our booking. He then ignored us and my wife had to remind him that we are waiting. After 10 minutes we got a table. The Manager then kept walking past us and intentionally not made eye contact. After 4 or 5 of these passes and 15 minutes has passed we walked out of the restaurant. I complained to a waiter who was very apologetic and pleaded us to stay but by then we felt uncomfortable with the manager's behavior. We are a mixed race couple and my wife, who is English, suspected that this manager was somehow unhappy to serve us. 
I recently visited for an evening meal as the pub was conveniently located opposite my hotel. All seemed well on arrival however got progressively worse from there. The pub was busy but not packed and there seemed to be many staff behind the bar. I waited approx 30 minutes for my starter to arrive, whilst waiting I stood at the bar for 15 minutes to get another drink, with no acknowledgement from the staff.  
I am very suspicious of the glowing reviews for this restaurant. We were not greeted well and the initial service was dismissive and surly. The place was almost empty despite other local restaurants being buoyant. 
Really poor performance from the manager in helping my 88 yo mother today.  
Actually, I booked a table. But, when I said I pay with a voucher, I was sent, in a rude manner, to the online booking via the voucher provider website. Our family and friends used the same vouchers to another 2 Prezzo restaurants and we never been asked to do online booking.  
As soon as we sat down we were told there was no house wine, no pinot grigio. Also the specials were not available.We ordered our intros and mains. Intros OK and mains were alright but the garlic bread that accompanied it was rather very small. Desserts menus were given to us but nobody came back to ask us if we wanted any. After about 20 minutes we got up to leave and went to pay at reception as there were no waitress/waiter about. We said we would have ordered a desserts had someone come back but they didn't seem to care and no apology given. Will not be going back. 
Lived in Cheam now for 14 years walk past this restaurant ever day  
My first review was of an excellent place , but after last 2 nights my view has totally changed, after 5 weeks of eating and drinking here, me and my work mate ordered the chilli half rice half chips like normal which we are normally charged £6.50, we were changed £8 each, which we asked the question to the young lad behind bar to the answer of no it’s £8, when food arrived we again asked question he looked at the menu and agreed he got it wrong and offered us a free beer so we ate food and thought nothing of it, tonight we came in got our free beer which was as promised, on ordering our 2nd beer we ordered the curry and a pizza, after 55 mins of waiting we asked for our money back to then to be short changed and having to prove it, the young lad then slammed the rest of the refund in our hand and said for f##k sake it’s only a £1, great customer service that is, it looked like they were trying to make us have another round to make up for the free ones 
Visited Wednesday for a birthday dinner. After a long wait for our drinks order to be taken and starter to arrive, was given the wrong starter TWICE! Very slow service had to constantly ask for things, eventually got the bill to be told no card payments, no apology and told to visit the servicetill across the road. Shame as been happy there before... 
I just don't know how anyone can get "Pate' wrong - Or parfait with Toast. £8.00 
Ordered a nice roast beef meal. Complete with Yorkshire pudding, potatoes and seasonal greens.  
Booked a table for Sunday lunch, told them it was my mothers 80th birthday? Three of us ordered the chicken and my mum the beef, the food when it did arrive wasnt hot and the beef was tough. They changed the beef for a pork dinner but forgot to give any potatoes with it, we also asked for more gravy which took an age to come and when it did it was in a tiny jug. Thought they may have given mum a birthday drink its not every day you are 80! I had the chocolate brownie which I brought home but it was like a brick, inedible. Overall disappointed and didnt want to say much on the day so as not to spoil my mums birthday. 
My friend and I visited this pub hoping for a nice Sunday roast dinner. 
Booked 3 tables of 12 on-line one month ago for a Saturday at 7pm booking, stating that the parties were together & I would call to confirm. When I called them, I was met by a rude member of staff who said I could not have such a big party on a Saturday night & that her manager would call me. He called at 10pm on a Sunday evening to say they could not cope with such a large booking, but I could possibly visit on a Thursday or maybe a Saturday at 5.00pm! Very unprofessional that I had to do all the work by confirming my booking with them, then them dictating when their customers can eat there. They left me with only 5 working days to find a restaurant that could cater for 36 people. Luckily Pizza Express in Cheam were able to accommodate, with all of the excellent food arriving at the same time, great service even though they were very busy. I highly recommend Pizza Express, if you want good pizza/pasta in Cheam. 
Last time I ate in this restaurant, both my parents ended up throwing up in a lay-by. Not great if you're in your 70's (they both had the side salad). After an apology we were sent a voucher for £40 and a promise of a better experience.  
Visited on sunday and although all seemed good following our visit my wife became quite ill. The only explanation was the food had caused this reaction. I avoided writing my review as I write an email to them and waited to see their response. Unfortunately I am yet to receive one hence my score. Shame as previously always enjoyed my time there! 
Ordered take away for 5 on line. Had confirmation of pizzas and burger with no cheese with rosemary potatoes. When my husband got home it was burger with cheese and no potatoes or anything else with it. He returned to restaurant while we were eating our cold pizzas and they argued that the ordering service is nothing to do with them and they didn't have those instructions. Eventually they gave him a portion of thin fries and he said they had scraped the cheese out of the burger as he could still taste it. Cheese makes him ill and the whole meal was a disaster and complete waste of money. Very disappointed. We thought this would have been a lovely treat. Should have had pizzas on a bike delivered. 
Great food, but THE worst service I have ever had the misfortune of enduring. Rude, unhappy staff and poorly trained staff and a manager who dresses inappropriately. 
I visited this restaurant on Saturday for friends birthday. The service was appaling, drinks and food took ages to arrive. Along with wine we asked for a jug of tap water , what arrived was one glass with an ice cube in it !!!!. After waiting for another 20 minutes or so when we asked where the water was we were met with an extremenly rude comment from the waitress. My starter didn't arrive along with everyone elses - had to remind them twice and it turned up a long time after everyone had finished theirs and it was uncooked. Main meal was as equally unimpressive - i had the crab cakes which were exactly the same as the starter version except there were 4 of them with a sauce poured on top accompanied by about a dozen chips! 
The title sums up our experience with the owner asking was it the quality or quantity . It was both but would ask him to book a table at Manal Putney to experience quality food where I’ve been eating there over 30 years so do know my food and would not recommend anyone eating here. 
Lots of people that I know said I must try this place out it's supposed to have a lot of good reviews I tried it out tonight and I was very very disappointed I went in there quite early so that I would have a table I had the saute potatoes steak and vegetables the saute potatoes taste of water the steak is something that I would expect from a cheap restaurant they cooked it as I would want it but I just think it was a cheap piece of steak not impressed the only thing good that I had was the vegetables the staff were very polite the restaurant was quite clean but the staff did hang around talking to each other which I think is a bad thing I had one maybe two bites out of the steak one of the sauteed potatoes one bite out of each vegetable for me it was that bad by ask for the bill they politely asked me what was wrong with the food and I told him manageress said to me she's never had any problems and I said I'm very sorry I cannot see how that can be true I said I would pay and she said that is ok no transaction took place but I did say to her on two or three occasion I would pay for the food which it could have been one of those nights for them I don't like taking my phone into restaurants but it looks like any restaurant I go into now I really really have to take my phone so that I can take photos off the food to prove what places are like would I go there again maybe just to see if it's improved 
I've been to zero 3 cafe today, and there was 2, assistance at the front and they were too busy on there phones the chef seems to be very busy in the kitchen or probley was off today as she always busy but takes the time to meet and greet the customer's, sad to say me and my 4 friends will not be visiting Zero3 in the future, good luck. 
We stopped for a coffee break in Eton trying to visit independents. What a disappprinting experience, took for ever to do our order, took for ever to serve our order. Served the wrong coffee and the lemon cake was dry and stale and had hairs in it. When told they just dismissed with no care.  
We have been customers of the Crown throughout its various incarnations, for more years than we care to remember. We have not just frequented the pub but have also used the function rooms and the hotel rooms. Good, regular customers then! 
My wife and I (locals, not tourists) stopped in for dinner because I felt like a roast dinner. We were also there last night and my wife, being pregnant, has a limited palette, so she ordered the soup of the day - for the second night in a row. Last night it was great! Tonight, it was a sour version (creamed vegetable). It'd gone off and as soon as we got home my wife was promptly sick. The waitress said "well it usually lasts two nights!". Will not be going back. 
Absolutely disgusting food. It was greasy and looked cheap. Staff very unfriendly. Forty restaurants. Would not recommend at all. 
I’ll never get those 3 hours back! There are too many nice places to eat locally and I will NEVER give this place my business again!  
Second visit to Vinoteca with some colleagues visiting from abroad and how embarrassing it turned out to be!  
On a evening out with friends whilst watching Wimbledon and cheering Federer to a win, my friend and I were told by the manager to keep the noise down then she then ensued in a tirade of verbal abuse and refused to serve my friend because I was standing beside her. Am a regular at the Crown and have been there for many sporting events where predominantly men would shout for their teams. It seemed this manager had a problem with us as women and me as a black woman. A couple of the other members of staff were also very rude. Shocking lack of respect for us as customers and as human beings. If I could give a zero rating I would. 
Had a Sunday lunch for my uncles 60th Birthday! Absolutely awful! Freezing cold they then offered to heat it up in the microwave which to be honest it looked like it had been microwaved already!!! Would never return. 
A seriously stringy piece of bavette steak ordered medium rare came to the table blue. Every mouthful took ages. It was accompanied by some unsalted bog standard once cooked chips (not 3 as advertised) and some very bitter aoili. Unpleasant.  
I Ordered the satay starter, the single prawn was really dried out and overlooked and the single piece of chicken was barely there! Satay sauce was the nicest bit and very tasty. 
Blimey, just blimey, where to start with this. Have I got space for a 10,000 word review. 
Took my parents and 5 year old son here for lunch on a Sunday. I have never been to the Crown before so had no expectations, my father suggested it as he used to frequent the pub 5+ years ago. 
Went to the Crown, one of our locals. for lunch today. Shocked. First time for at least five years, and since then it's gone right down the drain. Food so tasteless that with our eyes shut we wouldn't have known what we were eating. New Zealand Pinot Noir likewise unidentifiable, but for the label. It was quite busy, so maybe we were just unlucky. Next time: Bull's Head or Cote Brasserie. 
More than 1 hour waiting for a Prime Burger" that, at the end, I'm still waiting...  
Went for lunch on 3rd May expecting a lovely Asian lunch from the reviews, sadly we were VERY disappointed! We had duck spring rolls, calamari, vegetable fried rice and Brie melting pots. The duck spring rolls were lovely but that was where it ended, the Brie melting pots were a tea spoon of Brie in a sea of onion chutney, the calamari was very obviously frozen and fried and frankly tasted more like rubber than calamari. Next the veggie fried rice was honestly the worst rice ever, I’m guessing a packet of microwave rice with tinned vegetables thrown in and heated up it had definitely never seen a frying pan! The only saving grace was that they offered soy sauce to help with the unflavoured rice (it did not help and was left un eaten. 
I ordered a Massaman lamb curry.... couldn't help but notice that it smelt more of what you would imagine a toilet should smell like. Had to leave and try elsewhere, without paying. Disappointing first food experience in Richmond. On the plus side the beer was cold. 
Thai service was terrible and foods was not fresh enough!! Prices were too much over than the quality. Will never go again. 
Reconstructed soup with dry dusty lumps of "crab" which obviously hadn't had time to absorb water. 
Expensive pint for a tired looking pub. Service was ok, they had good selection of draught beers but at a hefty price. Only stayed for 1 pint when staying locally in a hotel. Better places at better prices in Bayswater and the Mitre isn't one of them. 
This is by far the worst thai restaurant I have been in and I have lived and cooked in thailand for over 20 years. The service is also terrible and the staff more interested in their tips than in serving you correctly. I would avoid. There are plenty of good thai restaurants in the area, avoid this one like the plague. 
Very bad experience last time. 
This is my local Pub but £10 for 2 pints of cider is a joke and a tourist trap. Don't expect the service to brighten your experience, either. Will not go back. 
It Seemed like a great place to eat until we arrived. We'd booked a table for Friday evening, we arrived and as we were seated all seemed well. The menu is quite limited, only 6 options for mains. We were informed that 2 of these 6 had run out. After looking at the alternatives which were not so appealing we were told that the kitchen was very busy and we could not order just yet. Very disappointing. It was 9pm and we were hungry - how much longer did we have to wait? At this moment I started to think this place was a bad idea, what sealed the deal was the questionable looking sole on the diner's plate seated next to us. We had to leave. And we will not be going back.  
This is our local pub which we ate at on a regular basis, since the last two visits the food has really gone down hill. The prices remain the same but the quality and portions are very poor. I would rather you charged extra for a good meal rather than stick to the same price and offer increasingly poor quality and smaller portions. Other than the food it is a nice pub. 
Ate dinner here with the family and was very underwhelmed. The staff are friendly enough, but our food order was taken before they even asked about drinks. We had to ask for our drinks order to be taken. The food was served quickly, but very under-seasoned. My daughter loves carbonara and so had that, but I think they had run out of eggs....the sauce tasted like just whipped cream and was thick and sticky. Olives were taken away from the table before we had even finished them! Generally the mains were just sustenance, we were all disappointed. There was no freshly ground pepper offered to us, even though other tables were being offered this. It felt like the staff were more keen to look after some tables than others. So we didn't bother with dessert. It took an age for the bill to arrive as well. And to add insult to injury, the gratuity had already been added!! Would not recommend to anyone who knows their Italian food and hopes to get good service. 
A family meal to celebrate a 90th birthday was spoiled by the slowness and lack of service. Arrived at 1 and ordered meals and drinks. Drinks took about 20 minutes to arrive. Starters took about 45 minutes, and we did not get our main course until 2.45. There were 2 young children in the group and we had to ask for their meal to be brought out. We asked several times what was happening and were told it was on its way.. when the food eventually arrived, it came piecemeal so we were not able to eat together. I had ordered sausages with sweet potato mash and crispy onions. I got sausages and potato mash, with no onions and the mash was cold. No apologies given for slowness or changes to expected meal. Asked to speak to Manager eventually appeared, but who was a waste of time. Eventually managed to get a reduction in the bill.. We have been there several times before and had enjoyable visits. Will not be returning in foreseeable future 
Sat for 50 minutes watching other diners receive their meals and send them back. 
We paid £200 to book the pods in the garden for which you get a 3 hour booking and the £200 comes off your bar bill. Up to 10 people seated. 
We've only visited once, and it will certainly be the last for food.  
Supposed to be fusion South Asia restaurant. The food was tasteless and lacked seasoning including rice. How can a kitchen claiming to be Asian not able to cook rice ! Service was bad. Ask for drinks and they did not bring. At the time of ordering a waiter came around for drinks order and then two mins later whilst the same waiter is at the other side of the table asking for drinks another waiter came to ask same question. They took our orders and confused things. People were left waiting for starters whilst others had finished. Total disorder. Food arrived cold. Not an experience to be repeated.  
We chose to have lunch at this restaurant after seeing the Trip Advisor reviews but it was so disappointing that I’m wondering why it’s got so many good reviews. They didn’t have 2 of their signature dishes which we ordered, this was a bad start!  
Have always been very happy with the food and service at The Crown, but visited for a birthday lunch last month and came away very disappointed. The food was not what was described on the menu and after drawing this to the attention of the waitress was reluctantly offered a complimentary coffee (which we had to chase). On settling up, still no apologies were forthcoming. Such a shame. 
We went for Christmas Dinner, and they were out of no less than half of the things we tried to order! When you're charging guests 50 pounds a person, you should have a complete menu. After attempting to order we decided to take our business elsewhere. What a disappointment. 
Places like this, occupying prime real estate and offering dreadful food at by no means cheap prices are doing nothing but conning the public. We ordered what was supposed to be a Thai meal. Rice (£3 for a small bowl) forget Thai jasmine was more easy cook long grain. The green and yellow curry were straight out of some bottle. On a day when the temperature was about 30 degrees we were given bottled water with no ice in tiny glasses! Any comparison with wagamama is a lie. Wagamama food is in a different universe compared to this ***&#@@. Frankly the people reviewing this place positively have either never had Asian food before or are very forgiving. Or fakes. 
Without doubt this is one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to, in London or anywhere else.  
What an awful pub, nasty on every level, bad beer and full of wide boys acting up, not somewhere I would want to take the family, which is a shame because the location is stunning 
Well well what can I say!!!!! Over priced food for what you get, didn't even fill 11yr old girl who ordered off the main menu, I even asked the waitress if the kids meals were big,she recommend to order off the main one.....I would not spend a penny more in this place,can see why it's quite all the time,i went on a Wednesday evening there was no one there and a few at the bar,the staff look like lost sheep,  
We had a very disappointing experience at this restaurant. Firstly, we had to wait half an hour before anyone took as much as a drinks order. Second of all, the restaurant crams in its customers; so if you're looking for a place for a romantic date, this isn't it. In fact, the tables were so close together that when an inebriated woman at the next table spilt a glass of red wine, it was like I'd taken a bath in her red wine. The duty manager suggested that the restaurant might be able to offer compensation, but was unable to take any action because he was not the regular manager. He promised that he would pass on my details to the regular manager, but I haven't heard a peep from them. This just underlines the blasé attitude to service we experienced on the night. Such a shame - food is great, but not great enough to make up for terrible service and rowdy atmosphere.  
I rarely feel strongly enough about a disappointing meal but this place warrants a warning. Truly, I don't know how this restaurant has even 3 stars. Everything about this restaurant was disappointment. The service and food were terrible. We sent back a dish and got a lecture about how we don't understand how it should be served. Our complaint was about a specific item in the dish, the tofu, that by lack of both taste and texture, was clearly yesterday's item. Along with the apathetic attitude of the staff, I would strongly advise to avoid this place 
Booked a two night stay whilst visiting friends. The room was tiny and very tired. View of kitchen extractor and fire escape but couldn’t be seen because a. Window glazed with old fashioned safety glass and b. Window broken so wouldn’t stay open. However due to the extreme heat we fashioned a window stop out of a waste bin to let some air in. Dinner was not even average and all we had was ham egg chips and scampi and chips. Breakfast unbelievably slow. On morning one only us and one other customer eating breakfast and all having eggs. 40 minutes to cook six eggs, ridiculous. Cold breakfast offer was miserable. Little packets of cereal and bananas was about the size of it. It was cheap - and it needed to be 
Salad was wilted. Burger was not fresh (having that dense feel of deep frozen patties) and was certainly less than the advertised half pound. The salt beef sandwich had only a few slivers of beef and was mostly bread. The duck confit had zero taste. Overall, just really poor food. The best I can say is that the bartender was nice when taking our order. But definitely not worth return visit (and probably explains why no one was eating - rather only drinking - when we arrived). 
Went to this pub restaurant for a meal for the first time in ages tonight and it will be the last time for a long time. Food was good but service was appalling. We were the only ones in the restaurant and we were half way through our main course when the waitress went home. We just sat there until my husband went to the bar and asked where the waitress was as we had not had a dessert or more drinks and he informed us that she had gone home. No real apology he just brought us the bill. Absolutely disgraceful and unprofessional establishment. No wonder the place was empty. Avoid at all costs. 
Our evening started badly and the disappointment continued; 
Had a meal twice both times were stone cold sent back came back cold again! .told sfaff not interested .customer service awful .asked member of staff for brown sauce didnt know what i was on about.ended ul with a pot of gravy. 
I used to really like this restaurant but on my last visit the food was appalling. We ordered prawn toast, which had no prawn in it whatsoever. We also had chicken satay which was bland. Then our prawn pad Thai arrived with pork, rather than prawn so we sent it back. When it returned with prawns we started to eat it but it was only at the bottom that I found pieces of pork. All they had done was remove the pork and add in some prawns into the same dish.  
Don’t come here. I had green curry witch was good in tast but lacked the right ingredients and the chicken was dry and over cooked. The rice was reheated in the microwave since the bowl was so hot you could not touch it without burn your fingers off. And the music they play hey common, terrible it’s not creating umami. 
After reading lots of positive reviews we decided to walk here from the Premier Inn further down the road. We had a nice welcome, the atmosphere was ok and we happily ordered our meals. The starters arrived and my wife noticed hair in the garlic bread!!!!!! We complained to the waiter who looked at us and did not understand what we were saying until one of the main waiters (possibly manager) came over and took away the good to be replaced. The situation was not dealt with at all well and he muttered that we might get the replacement for free. When the main courses got delivered the children's meals were wrong z d we ended up with three meals for two children. The rest of the food was pretty good but then we asked for the bill. The starter had been taken off the bill however we were charged for three children's meals and they had the audacity to add a 12.5% service charge. I couldn't believe what they had done. After putting them straight we received a new bill. Once we had it, at this point ready to leave, they offered us a couple of free drinks on the house. Shocking. They also said that if we visited again they would take care of us with better service. It was too late. We paid and walked, without the service charge or the free drinks. I would not recommend this place at all. 
We booked here because it - incredibly - had a 4.1 rating on Google. I give a pub/restaurant a ‘1’ if I know I could do significantly better on every level, if I did not feel I got quality and value for money at all, and if I am absolutely certain I will never eat at there again. All is true of The Crown’s Sunday roast: 
We won't go back. Beef and burger were overcooked. Some unfriendly and confused members of staff. The junior staff was very friendly with the kids. 
Rudest manager I have ever met. Below average food and shouldn't have anywhere near as high stars on here. 
Genuinely disappointed with our lunch this afternoon. Inattentive service and undercooked fish. Sent the main course back only to have it returned still undercooked. They offered to have a 3rd attempt but we politely declined. Definitely one to avoid.  
We came in on father's day and as we entered the bar no one acknowledged us, we had to ask for a table for 2 and our 2 year old son. We were told they were fully booked, fair enough it was father's day. 
Dreadful experience. The food is very expensive for what it is, which is very non exciting, plain Italian food, dreadful slow service and you have to remind them all the time about things you have ordered. Social distancing of tables is non existent and the general hygiene is very poor. I really would avoid. 
I have been yesterday night with some friends, the service was very poor and the food even worse. 
my brother and I had lunch in vinoteca on 5 november--last week . We both had the same dishes -haddock starter , beef ragout and pasta as mains and crema catalana afterwards. And coffee. Evreything seemed fine no cmplaints about service etc . But a couple of hours afterwarsds we both had severe stomach upsets( although it wasn't necessary to see a doctor.). Very disappointing. I went in today to tell them -politely-what had happened and they did nothing . They said they were sorry but that they had had no other complaints about the food. So a bad show Vinoteca--first something seriously wrong with the food and second an inadequate response to my complaint . They said we hope it doesn't put you off coming again--i said i would not come again although I have celebrated my birthday there in the past . None of my friends will be going again either . You are warned this is not the standard we expect from a good restaurant 
I booked a table to celebrate my partner’s birthday, table for 4 .. therefore a special occasion!! 
O Calhau is quite possibly the most uncomfortable dining experience I have ever had. 
We went for our work christmas party. Were not made to feel very welcome. Boss and waitresses were all very grumpy. Food was very basic for the price we paid I was expecting much better. We were rushed threw our meal it was almost like they could not wait to get rid of us. We paid the bill and left and there was not even a good night, thank you nothing for the amount of money we spent the least we could expect was a goodbye have a goodnight, but nothing not even from the boss. Definitely won't be going back.  
Very disappointed for the lack of customer service or communication from the person in charge at counter, after an hour of wait for 3 omelettes, we decided to pay for our drinks and leave. Attendant was rude, never apologised and instead shouted to someone at the back to forget the order as they don’t want it. Throw it in the bin! As if we were the guilty ones for their lack of service. She then proceeded to return the change to my partner after she handed the payment. We will not recommend or visit this place again. 
I can only warn not to eat at this restaurant! We were in three and all got food poisoning after eating a club sandwich. Also the bathroom and storage areas were found dirty and unhygienic. The service was very slow as well. 
I used to be a loyal customer of this shop, but no longer. I'm told it is under new management, and it shows. I was denied food today by a server who was more interested in chatting to somebody else than actually serving me. On a previous visit, my loyalty card was not honoured: I was served by the new owner's son on this occasion.  
Had booked a table for a party. To only get there and the boss say they need a table so we had to sit nearly on each others laps. She said she had reserved it for someone else now. ( which she lied because even when we left no one was there). then to have her say can you move your baby who is 5 months sitting with us in her seat so she could make space. Where are we meant to put her?? 
food very expensive and overpriced. as soon as you sit down you are hassled for drinks then hovering to take order - about 2 mins after getting menu - had to tell waitress three times we had not had time to decide. mackerel very dry and overcooked, half the mussels i was given had not opened during cooking and therefore could not be eaten - should not even have been served on plate. Rushed in and out - I had not even finished my main and a waitress was clearing the table. would not go back again - need to lower prices and give customers some space and time to relax. cheap factory chips, no decent salad and tapas overpriced and overcooked 
Was invited to a meal at this place for my daughters birthday, there was 15 of us, was asked if we wanted starters and my husband ordered his, it came with his main meal it was then pushed onto his main meal plate, he asked for sauted potatoes and salad but he got new potatoes and veg, and over cooked prawns on a skewer, I asked if I could have a fried egg, chips and abit of salad I know its not on the menu but I'm not a good eater only to be told NO very rudely its not on the menu so I said ok I will have a plate of chips please. My husband explained to the boss and she said ok I will give you it. She was rude to my son in law and the boss told him to put my 5 month old granddaughter on the floor as she had given the table next to us to somebody else because 1 of our guests didn't turn up, which is fair enough of her to get it rebooked but nobody actually sat at that table all the time we were there. I don't think I have ever encountered such a rude person in a restaurant and for it to be the boss is shocking. When my husband went to pay he said our was £36 I said what for but didn't want to make a fuss so I left it, when I got back home to Wales I looked at the bill I was charged £5.95 for a salad which contained lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber and a bit of onion £2.50 for chips and £1.95 for an egg. Also while paying for the meal the lovely waitress dropped and smashed a glass, the boss shouted at her in front of people and said its embarrassing. Rosa I think you are the one that's embarrassing, the way you treat customers and staff is disgusting and we certainly wont be coming back 
Reviewing as a Malaysian who’ve lived abroad for over 20 years and therefore have a wide-ranging palate, i was very keen to try umami on the strength of its tripadvisor rating. umami is unfortunately overrated. We had the beef rending, lamb curry as well as the S’porean curry laksa. The rendang was too wet (lacking in desiccated coconut to absorb the excess moisture and to add extra depth). Both the lamb curry and the curry laksa lacked taste and depth too. My Tom yam seafood soup was possibly the best dish of the meal, flavoured with fresh herbs and a good broth.  
Terrible service. I have been waiting 15 minutes at the table and the supervisor would simply not help or manage. Do not go 
Terrible service!! Will never come back and i dont recommend to anyone. Starting with the female owner and other employee. So rude, couldnt believe i was actually experiencing such a terrible service me being a customer. 
So excited that one of my favourite restaurants was located in T4 HTRW.  
Service disastrous, food microwaved, my plate looked like they scraped salad leftovers from day before (had chicken wrap) that comes with hummus that is bearable to eat after you had no food since lunchtime day before! 
One of their servers was extremely rude! I had ordered takeaway, but later realised I may have enough time to sit down and finish my meal. More than half the restaurant was empty and their was no waiting for tables. Even then he said I should have ordered in, when I tried explaining he cut me off! Even if the food is great, service is key. Please train your staff.  
Extremely disappointed with this restaurant inside Heathrow Airport as it lacks in hospitality and professionalism. Me and my colleagues wanted to grab something quick, as we were extremely hungry.Just when we got our respective orders,we quickly grabbed a table as the restaurant wasn't very busy and there wasn't anyone waiting behind us to order. Just when we all took our first bit of the Wrap. One of the lady from the counter yelling on top of her voice (please note) you can't sit here to eat, as the service for eating in- is different from take away. But we weren't using any of their cutlery or plate, we were just eating straight out of our take away paper bag. I would have understood if we were occupying the table when the restaurant was busy. Even if she wanted to Convey her message, she could have politely walked near us and informed us. It was extremely embarrassing for all of us as the whole restaurant was looking at us and also at the lady for yelling on top of her voice. How I wish, I could had paid more attention to her name so I could have mentioned it here. The incident occurred on the 28th of August 2019 between 19:00pm to 20:00pm London time.Would never return to this restaurant ever. 
Waited to be seated, waiter walked passed me several times and ignored me while serving other people. Finally say me down, food ordered arrived pretty promptly. Food was average with smaller portions than expected. Requested a some water as drink ordered was frozen. Waiter acknowledged but never produce the goods. Was prompted again and was apologetic this time providing a glass of water. Requested for the bill several times and was initially ignored. Then once acknowledged again failed to produce the goods. I noted that going to the till to pay was not the custom of the restaurant. So waited a further 10 minutes when the person next to me requested the bill for themselves and was obliged promptly. Informed of my disappointment which the waiter acknowledged and stated I was leaving. Bill was produced very promptly after that. The service could have made the experience so much better. A sincere apology would have been better for ignoring certain diners at the restaurant. 
Was disappointed to be served such a bad scone was like cardboard and not fresh at all. I left it after one bite only. My partner did eat all his red velvet cake though and said its was alright. 
As an italian I feel that the restuarants name has nothing to do with what it actually serves. Lets start off by saying that the food they serve it's not fresh... the sauces for the pasta are premade in plastic bags. 
Staff needs to be up-skilled. Bad manners, slow service. Not even the pleasant food balances waiters’ behaviour and lack of hospitality skills. 
Booked a table with my wife and a couple of friends. Being the only Italian of the group I was looking forward to impress them with Italian hospitality. Unfortunately, one of my friends fell sick and cancelled very last minute so we show up 3 of us despite our booking was for 4. When we tell them that we are going to be 3 they tell us that policy dictates to put us in a 1.5hr queue because we are less than 4. This money-driven policy and the decision to enforce it so strictly when just one person is missing is the opposite of Italian hospitality. I was very ashamed to explain to my non-italian friends what was happening. Food might be decent but hospitality should come first and they totally failed at it. 
I went to this restaurant on 4 May 2019..being ushered by the floor mgr i guessed.. he said we have what you want.. 
We have dined at this restaurant on numerous occasions and we have always had good food and good service, however this Friday was an exception. 
We had chicken wraps and a falafel wrap the salad was wilted there was hardly any chicken in the wrap the wrap itself was overcooked do it was hard to eat the manager gave us as compensation and a reduced bill but it wasn't good  
At Umami they have Malaysian chefs unable to make Malaysian. The Beef Rendang tasted like an English stew cooked to, no, far beyond death, with some indiscriminate sauce added, the worst dish we had. 
Terrible service, 1 hour gap between starters and mains. All the mains arrived at different times at least 20 minutes apart. Relatively small portions and very expensive for what is offered. 
Café and restaurant are combined. But no one showed tables for me and there was no menu on the table which I set, and no one come to the table so I thought I have to order at the counter, then I waited in the queue. When I ordered a menu, the staff told me I need to order at my table and staff would come soon. So I went back to the table but no one come to the table again! 10 minutes later I went to counter and told staff about that, and they said again, they would come to table soon... 5 minutes later they finally came without menu. 
Greasy. Limited selection. Overpriced. Inauthentic. This is not good Asian cuisine. I had pad thai that was absurdly sweet.  
Tasted fine, but very miserly portion. Cost nearly ten pounds and I was still hungry afterwards. I get that you generally get ripped off in airports, but it's as if the company had stripped away at the ingredients until just the bare minimum was left, in order to make themselves a few more pennies. 
We didny get any service at all. We picked upnour our menu and keep calling them. At the end we walked out of the restaurant and ate somewhere else. Very bad experience 
I never tried the food here.  
Very disappointed with the food quality. Soggy tempura, cold and tasteless king prwan role.. Main course took more than 15 minutes and when it arrived was cold. Save your money, go somewhere else for dinner.They should reconsider the restaurant's name cause in the food no Umami at all!!!! 
Service was slow, order was wrong, food was worse. Meatballs on rice is not a tagine. Go to gourmet school. 
 Oh my god, I feel so sorry for the staff here. The place is so understaffed, and packed, two servers are having a mental breakdown trying to manage everything. 
12 of us visited here on a quiet Thursday evening. The restaurant was half empty - yet we were made to feel 'privileged' that they could fit us in! We had 2 tables of 6 people. 
Hello hello please can we have some service, any service, just a little acknowledgement, ok maybe some eye contact.. Someone please......... 
Food was good, but the service was poor. I was hoping for a personalised experience but the whole evening seemed completely rushed, and we were obviously just a number rather a customer. Coffee’s weren’t even finished before the bill was presented to us and we were basically told to leave. A real shame as it could be so good, but I guess money talks. 
For context, we were a party of 4 with 1 Italian amongst us. The Italian in our group made the orders in Italian, which was fine. I had the tagliatelle bolognese, nothing special I haven't eaten before. My boyfriend ordered a steak medium rare - 22 pound dish, which BTW is a steak with a piece of lettuce and a piece of carrot. The brought the steak really rare and we all commented how red it was. So they take it back to the kitchen and they bring it back the exact same but just a bit hotter, as if it was placed in the microwave for a few seconds. So we send it back a second time, all the while we are waiting awkwardly for my boyfriend's dish to finally arrive medium rare as he ordered. So the second time they brought it and it was ok. But the waitress who was responsible for our table, both times when she came to us after we sent it back to the kitchen, she didnt acknowledge my boyfriend and didn't address him, although he sent it back, but instead talked to our friend in Italian, who hadn't sent anything back. I found it extremely rude that instead of trying to explain or apologizing to my boyfriend IN ENGLISH she apologised to my Italian friend in Italian. So after that, in order to make up for this, they said they would give us desserts for free. Fine. So we get 2 tiramisus and 2 cannoli. But when the bill comes we are charged 11 for the cannoli and 0 for tiramisu - so they took half of them out. Why say the desserts are on the house if you re going to charge them anyways? Food was mediocre and I had to ask for the parmegiano for my tagliatelle, they didnt offer. Also we had to ask for our coffees three times. They saw in the end how disappointed we were and offered us some limoncello, but this won;t make up for the horrible dish we had to send back twice, the rudeness of the waitress not even glancing at the non-Italians and not even addressing us in English, the fact that they promised to give the desserts and they did only for half, I just don;t understand all the good reviews this restaurant has. I will never go back and I will tell my friends never to go. 
Had some time to kill at Heathrow T4 so I thought I'll try this place as it was advertised as Halal. The Arab guy who served me was unfriendly and appeared that he didn't know what customer service was. I ordered a lamb kofta wrap which cost a staggering £8.50 which I had been prepared last century. They then overheated it in the microwave so when I took a bite into it I had to spit it out. The bread then turned hard into brick material and was uneatable. I decided to advise the guy (the unfriendly one) not to heat the wraps in a microwave to which he gave me a blank look. What a waste of money! 
Food was alright, but the service was terrible! My friend and I were second in line when we entered the restaurant, waiting to be seated. The waiter initially seated the people in front of us, then thinking we would be next, the waiter walked RIGHT PAST US and proceeded to seat the people behind us first. We brushed this off, but then he did it AGAIN with the person behind us again, but luckily this customer was nice enough to tell the waiter that we were here before him. If you really love Italian food, then feel free to try this place out as the food wasn't too bad, but don't expect great service. 
Awful food and to add insult to injury, they overcharged by double for a lunch! Charged items individually instead of as advertised and then shrugged and lied about it when challenged. Food itself did not taste Thai (I used to live in Thailand) and was bland. DO NOT PATRONIZE this awful and cheating restaurant. Full stop. 
I have been meeting my friend at Hill Tribe for the last 15 years or so. Tonight was the first time it has ever disappointed. I think they must have a new chef because the basic Thai flavours were missing from all of our dishes. No fish sauce, no lime, no sweet, spicy, sour and salty!!  
Wanted to get a quick bite before boarding but the food just didn't arrive and when it did it was not what I asked for. The service was slow and the staff rude. They didn't bother to even acknowledge their mistake. #Suboptimal 
Went here on a Friday night before a late night flight and I wasn't impressed, the place was massively understaffed and lots of the staff that were on duty seemed to waste a lot of time. This led to a very slow service with our drinks being left on the side of the counter for about 20 minutes. As for the quality of the food and drink, the Lebanese beer was warm and flat probably in part due to the waiting time, the falafel burgers were dry and didn't have enough humus on as well as the halloumi being under flavoured.  
I’m very sorry to write this review but after analysing our dinner at “La mia Mamma” I think it’s better to say something. We found the restaurant on Instagram and we were very excited as we thought that the idea was great! We arrived and the welcome from the manager was really cold, we were escorted downstairs from an Italian waitress, who wasn’t very friendly either. We were given the menus without any explanation of it(they have few different set menus, so it would be nice to know how it works). Also, as a first time guests I think would be nice to let us know about the concept of the restaurant. The same waitress took the order, no customer service, not a smile, where is the Italian feeling?! Our antipasti arrived before the drinks, which is fine, kind of...the antipasti is a board with few different things to try, the waiter had now idea what it was, how is this possible? I’m expecting anyone working in the restaurant to know what they are serving! Anyway, the antipasti was average and didn’t taste very fresh, the waiter came to take the empty board but never asked how it was. As a main we had tagliatelle, they were ok. The dessert arrived right after, actually the coffee arrived before the dessert, which was again nothing special. On the menu it says the coffee is always included but we were charged for a decaf espresso, it shouldn’t make any difference decaf or not. Between each course there was no time to enjoy the dinner, the service was super fast, too fast if you wish to enjoy your evening! No one ever asked how was the dinner, bill was £90, so definitely too much for what we had. The restaurant is overrated and the service was really poor, the only nice note was the sweet mamma who came to our table, she seemed to be the only one with “the Italian charm”. We were very disappointed with the entire experience and hopefully they will improve with the time. 
Terrible sevice. We had to left without ordering, purely because the only waitress in the cafe chose to completely ignore us. She served three other groups who came after us but didn't even come to our table. The worst part was that when I told her that this was unacceptable she wasn't even trying to apologise, but instead said that i can complain on the web site if i am not satisfied. This happened on 17 Sep 2015. around 9.45 in the morning. Just terrible. I like lebanese food but will never visit this place again. 
Went here on Sunday evening with our son and his Fiancé, they had been several months ago and recommend we go together, we had called that afternoon to see if we could change our booking that we had made on line and they had no record but did book us in an hour later than we originally wanted so that was ok, when we got there the put us on the table in the window, not the best place to sit, the took our order which consisted of two starters and four mains, two of the mains arrived with one starter and the other starter arrived 10 minutes later by wich time the other food was cold, we had to ask for bread and parmesan for the pasta' seafood risottos had some mussels and more empty shells than clams and not worth the £22.50 price tag, the other two main courses were not worth talking about, also all the food was dumped unceremoniously in front of us. Don't go to this place there are better Italian restaurants in London to spend your hard earned money on, go to Locanda Locatelli it's top notch and no more expensive. 
They had "lost" our reservation for 6 people for a 30th birthday. They did however find us a table. Service incredibly slow.. had to ask 3 times for our order to be taken after 50 minutes... staff refused to leave a jug of tap water on the table, for my daughter, who is 6 months pregnant. They said they would refill her (small tumbler) glass on demand but it was regularly empty throughout the meal. We ordered more wine as the starters were cleared - it arrived as our mains were cleared so we sent it away. We paid up and left. Went elsewhere for desert and to complete our evening... food delicious but absolutely appalling service.. 
ordered 2 main courses and 2 drinks. They got one of the mains wrong, looked at me as if it was my fault then they advised me that they had run out and given me a substitute that wasnt on the menu. The lamb kofta was good but the other meat dish I had might as well been a veggie option as there was hardly any meat in it. I did mention this when asked but was told thats how it comes.Very disappointed 
I was rather embarrassed as I suggested to try this place to a group of friends who wanted Italian. The food was average at best but the worst part was the service. We waited almost three hours to be served three courses. The mains were all served at different times and those who were served first had finished their mains before the last people in our party even got there’s. Utterly disappointed, we won’t be going back. 
I read a lot of reviews and thought I must try for my 50th to make it here as I grew up with homemade pasta... this place lacked in all categories important to restaurant : service, staff, and food. 
We dined there in a group of 4. 
We had lunch at la mia mamma today and unfortunately we didn’t have a great experience... food was not good at all and expensive! I have been there three times now but after today I won’t go back. The quality has decreased so much! One of my friends had also ordered pasta without cheese but she was served pasta with cheese. We sent the pasta back and, instead of cooking it from scratch, the chef in the kitchen just removed the top layer where the cheese was and stirred the pasta again... luckily some cheese could still be seen and we sent the pasta back again! We felt cheated... this is such a bad thing to do. Imagine if my friend would have been allergic to cheese? What would have happened? I used to really like this place but after this visit I would seriously recommend everyone I know to stay away from it. And please, restaurant management, spare me from your rude answers... I read what you answered to other unhappy customers and I find it so unprofessional and racist! You are really showing the worst side of Italy!  
After being recommended by a colleague to try this restaurant to meet my brother and his wife for a pre Xmas get together I was bitterly disappointed. From the moment we stepped through the door there was no warm greeting . We were shown a table downstairs , no sign of the Italian mammas cooking . After a long wait for the menus and drinks the Antipasto came up . This in my opinion was warmed up leftovers . It looked two days old and left out on the side . There was no flavour and was bland . Pasta , I had the King prawn and courgette linguine , the pasta tasted sour like it had been cooked in stale water . If they were King prawns they were all bits . Chicken Cacciatore was Luke warm but burnt on outside ( warmed up). Overall had I not been with my family I certainly wouldn’t of paid for this . The bill came to over £200.00 with 12.5% service charge . We were 5 people and had no wine , coffee or desert. Service was slow and scruffy staff ,lock on ladies toilet door broken , I will not be returning as this is not authentic italian food. 
I love green curry and have had it in a number of restaurants in quite a few countries, thi so by far the worse green curry I eve had. The green colour obviously came from peas, not from the curry, as a result the taste was nothing like green curry should be.  
When we arrived the waitstaff was not welcoming. They made us feel rushed like we had to get out of the restaurant as soon as possible. Other tables got warm hand towels and were told the specials we were not. The waiters were not very polite and furthered the feeling of unwelcomeness. Food was alright, but there's better places to eat in London. Overall wouldn't recommend. 
Went out for family meal and will not return. All food overcooked , husbands meal of pie and mash was totally inedible and was sent back as couldn’t even get knife through pie. He declined anything else because all meals we had was so bad . Service was very slow and had to keep asking for things even cutlery. 
This place is awful. The waiters are incompetent, badly organized, slow and shady (the head waiter is almost embarrassing). They hard sold us some appetizer snacks, making it look like there was time to wait for the dishes, and then brought everything at the same time, of course forgetting the drinks. Impossible to finish their spicy chips, if they ask you even a thousand times, say NO. The food is absolutely not worth the price, mediocre. There's plenty of nice places around there, you can safely skip this one. 
Sorry to say had a bad experience here.  
We moved to South Woodford 6 years ago, ate hear on our first night in our new house and have never found any reason to go anywhere else for Indian food. It has been brilliant local, reliable, friendly curry house. 
Went in, 5 of us, restaurant empty , waited over two hours for starters, during which time we took turns to go buy more booze out of Tesco opposite as they have no licence for alcohol. Food was brought in from outside, taken to the kitchen and put on plates which we declined as nobody knew where it was coming from outside! The waiter kept telling us to go to his cousins off licence over the road for a discounted beer order. Other people came in during our crazy experience and were shouting and screaming at the staff as they had waited ages as well. Don't bother unless you want a mad night here! 
My girlfriend and I had been looking forward to trying this place for a while, having read various reviews and done our research on the restaurant.  
I always loved the honest burgers chain but when we went in the Baker St one was one of the worst. Staff was having shots in front of the costumers. No one came to sit us and take our order and in the end they gave us the wrong burgers. The staff was not even wearing proper uniform. Won't be coming there again!  
Hadn't been there for some time so thought we give it a try again. 
So dissappointed...come in for a nice family meal to feel physically sick after eating. Had a carvery, went to the gravey, it was like water!! Asked if we could have some made up, which they did but when it arrived it was so powdery it stuck to the roof off your mouth. After a dissapointing dinner, my daughter ordered a strawberry delight off the kids menu for half of it too be missing. Dont worry, we wont be returning!! 
Me and my boyfriend wanted to go to this restaurant yesterday and were so much excited that we already knew what plates to order. Since it's not possible to book in advance if you are a couple, we headed to the restaurant and asked for a table directly there. We've been approached by a very rude waitress, with blue eyes and nose pierced, who told us that there weren't available seats (strange cause we distinctly saw a few free tables for 2). She didn't even asked for our names so to call us as soon as a table would have been available. When we proposed if we could seat at the counter waiting for a table she underlined that she couldn't grant us a table and we might have to wait for long time as if she was doing us a favor! I can't judge the food unfortunately as I didn't have the chance to try it but in my opinion one of the most important thing for a restaurant is to also have a good and friendly staff! So my 1 star is intended to the waitress only. Bright side we found another restaurant along Kings Road and we loved it! 
Nobody seemed to have the foggiest idea what they were doing. 45 minutes after the booked time we eventually were seated. The starters were an embarrassment. Pre ordered drinks out of stock. No tablecloth, condiments, half of the cutlery absent and not a sign of any Christmas crackers. It only set us back a mere £348. 
I thought that in 2018 the time for these faked parodies of an Italian trattoria was over.  
The food was excellent but staff are too Bad. There is no Friendly service and I never come back again.  
Read the previous reviews, not sure we were at the same place. Worst meal I have had in a long time. Visited as a party of 13 , food was dreadful. Variety of choices including carvery , all as bad as each other. Having paid a substantial amount for food we were ushered to the bar area quickly after finishing our meal. The restaurant was cold and the toilets abysmal.  
On arrival we were told table was not ready and sat in bar for an hour when shown to our table not laid up at all cutlery came in a glass one knife had dried food on it starter came two pieces of dried bread with a couple of lettuce leafs before my steak came in I was told no jacket potatoes at this stage we decided not to continue and cancelled the meal all together and returned to the bar the men's urinals were both blocked the staff were trying their best but it was chaos 
Untrained Staff, extreme delay in bringing drinks and food to the table, chaos all around. Good quality of the main meal let down by the service. 
Bad management, lack of information about service and had no idea of our menue choice#s even though we completed order months in advance. Under provided for amount of persons they were catering for. 
Stopped here for lunch after a dog walk - ordered a steak sandwich with chips and a salad bowl with chicken breast. The description of the menu for the salad bowl said it came with a pasta salad and caramelised red onions. We waited over 40 minutes for our meal to come and had to ask how long it was going to be. When it did arrive, the salad bowl had no pasta on it and the red onion was large chunks of raw onion, definitely not caramelised. The chicken was two slices of thin meat that was not a whole chicken breast. I told the waiter that there was no pasta in the salad and the onion was raw. He checked with the kitchen and said the chef told him they had run out of pasta but had no comment to make on the onion. I asked why I wasn't told when I ordered that there was no pasta but he didn't know. The salad was nearly £12.00 so very expensive for what I had been given and as it had no carbs on it I asked if it could be changed for something else. I chose the jacket potato with chilli con carne. I waited a further 15 mins for this to arrive and when it did it was a tiny potato with a sauce that contained tinned tomatoes, onion and kidney beans - I could see no meat at all. The sauce was very unpleasant and tasted like someone had added a spoon of chilli powder at the last minute to a bland tomato sauce. I ate it because I was hungry but when the waitress cleared the plates she asked me if I enjoyed it. I said that I hadn't and that it was very underwhelming with no meat. She said 'I thought you were going to say that because when I brought it out I thought it looked awful'. She hinted at problems in the kitchen and said I wouldn't be charged for the potato. We said that as the potato was cheaper than the salad we'd rather pay for that and have the salad taken off the bill. She seemed a bit confused about how to do this and it took a bit of discussing and going back and checking before this was done. It was a very disappointing experience and we will not be recommending this pub to anyone. 
Terrible 
Service is very slow and often wrong. The food is below par and not edible. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone other than have the odd pint. 
Order takeaway arrived one hour 45 mins later cold and without the starters rang and was told sorry and reheat in microwave!! Finally sat down to eat only to find meal totally tasteless and watery £30 of food ended up in the bin have used Vugon in the distant past and very good but now I would recommend everyone to avoid there are plenty of other Indian restaurants nearby but unfortunately on the night were too busy 
I went in for an afternoon lunch, was horrified to find flies in the bathroom and my burger was cold. Thoroughly disappointed. 
Ordered via Uber eats. An hour after it was meant to arrive the restaurant cancelled the order. They wouldn't answer the phone either. Wont be returning 
Appalling fall from previous greatness. I have used Vujon for a dozen years and had many excellent meals. I have been generous and given it many stars over a long period of time. It is very clear that the change of management is disastrous. Firstly, pre-lockdown, came the announcement that alcohol will no longer be served in the restaurant on religious grounds. A way to immediately and efficiently alienate a huge tranche of loyal clientele. 
We are regular customers and the slogan on the drinks menu is always ‘happy hour all day everyday’ in which you get 2 4 1 cocktails.... just know that this often doesn’t apply and when you question it you get a free caipirinha voucher thrown in your face. 
Went there for a birthday meal and was extremely disappointed by the food. It was cold and I received very dirty cutlery, I’m not picky but this had squashed mushrooms on it. Yuck! My phone also got stolen. 
Disappointing. Went for Father's Day meal with hubby, son and daughter-in-law. 
We had the tasting menu. All the courses were literally not edible!! However, I must give credit to the French waitress who was very nice and bubbly. 
I have tried once this burger chain but the one in Shoreditch and it was divine. On the other hand the one in Marylebone is to avoid. The fries were good however the chicken burger was vile. It was so hard i couldn't bite it or cut it!! The quality of the chicken was so bad and shouldn't be for the price. I don't know if it is a one off but to be honest I wouldn't want to come back unfortunately as the staff was really friendly. 
Such a shame as have been coming to this place since I was a child. Arrived on Sunday after moving away I haven’t been here for some time and it’s gone extremely down hill. Was meant to be a treat for my mum but ended up being a disappointing day. Sat down on a dirty table and waited for ages to be served seems the teenagers were too busy standing around talking about their hair to notice us. Called them over and ordered and then had to ask them to clean the table. Went up for the roast, the guy serving there was actually really nice just such a shame the food wasn’t. It was so bland and the veg were completely under cooked.  
3 persons. We placed an order....only to be told after the order had been taken that 2 of the meal items we ordered were not available .The waitess did not know what the soup of the day was. When my meal was delivered it was inedible (yorkshire pudding was like rubber) and frankly a disgrace as was just about the most unappealing thing visually that I have ever been served....just some rubbery rolled batter with a couple of individual pieces of chicken and stuffing inside. I complained as was offered an alternative meal. That evening and the following day I suffered violent stomach pains and an upset stomach. 
Dry vegetables ..... over cooked Beef ...absolutely no pride in providing a roast dinner the meal was inedible to any one who loves a roast dinner...A bad attitude from the chef carving the meat.... it needs to improve at least 87% would never recommend this to any one..... 
Visited the restaurant on 5th April for Granddaughters 21st Birthday meal with family, we were a party of 13 which the restaurant knew as we had booked. When ordering mushroom starter, not available, ordered steak but was told at first there wasn’t any, was then told they had 5 sirloin and one rump which was fine for our party, 1 steak which we asked for medium was quite rare, this wasn’t a problem but was quite tough, the sauces didn’t come out with the meal so asked for them as steak had been half eaten while waiting to then be told they did not have the sauces we ordered only Diane sauce available. The two in the party who had Chicken fathitas, suffered bad tummies that evening. The young lady who served us was very good, it just seems they couldn’t cope with this amount of people at one time. I had previously been to this restaurant but a few years ago and it was fine, will not be visiting again. 
Went for lunch yesterday - 5 adults and 3 children 
From walking in we were stood waiting for 5 minutes whilst a member of staff sat down on his phone and ignored us. We waited half an hour for our drinks to arrive to then be given the wrong drinks. The food was only just edible and not as advertised. The chicken fajitas came without sour cream, the Yorkshire beef came with rock solid Yorkshire’s and no peas as advertised, no mango chutney with the chicken tikka as advertised either. Any vegetables that had been served were rock solid and undercooked. The carvery had run out of stuffing and most of the vegetables. The staff were pretty useless, all congregated around the till area chatting and not serving anyone. All of our plates were left with most of the ‘food’ still on there and the waiter didn’t bother asking how the food was - seemed like they are used to taking away full plates of food. The restaurant itself was cold (many people had jackets on throughout their meal) and far too crowded with hardly any space to walk between tables and seemed like you were sat on the same table as half the restaurant. Overall a very poor experience and would highly advise anyone never to go. 
The food tastes of vinegar. The staff are rude. I eat a lot of Indian subcontinent food and this is amongst the worst I have had. No wonder it was empty apart from us on a Saturday night in July. Avoid avoid avoid.  
We have been coming to this restaurant for the last 20 years or so.  
Not one to leave a bad review but this place warrants it. Sloppy and inattentive service by a waiter who appeared as if he didn’t want to be there. Cheated on our starter as the mixed grill/mixed starter only consisted of two small seekh kebabs and four pieces of meat, wasn’t keen with the main either and the bill produced with no question if we needed anything else. Unlikely to visit again. 
Saw the rating on trip adviser and ordered 2 chicken dishes for home delivery. The dishes smelled like stale food and tasted awful. Will never ever use this restaurant again 
We decided to try this restaurant on the way home from work and so we were eating early. Our particular waiter had not heard of service with a smile. We were barked at when he changed tablecloth at the end of the meal. I was told they would not serve bitter lemon as no one would ever drink it. Food warm not hot and lacklustre. Did not feel welcome and will not return. 
We had booked our Boxing Day dinner some weeks before, even selecting what each person was going to eat. We arrived on time and was sat at a table that resembled a very large high chairs, which even the tallest of us could not touch the floor , then we waited, about 30 mins later someone came to get our drinks order. Then we waited and waited and 2 starters came out ( about an hour) then we waited and waited for the rest of the starters to come out , ( there were 13 of us ) alas they still hadn’t come out 30 mins later so we asked where they were and the answers to this not so hard question was answered by we don’t know what you want ??. ( remembering we had put this order in several weeks ago along with payment) so we had to tell them again☹️ .still the starters were not forthcoming and after some more time came out in dribs and drabs . So much so that a few of our party went up for the carvery because by this time they were very hungry . I would like to inform people that the salmon starter came out on a hot plate , not good ! One of our party left in disgust at the way we were being treated and another one of our party sent his main back because the dinner was now over and we were waiting for deserts. Now deserts that was another disaster they too came out in dribsand drabs too. The whole family dinner was a disaster and disappointment from start to finish , the waiting staff were too busy clearing tables and setting them back up to care or worry about the existing customers in the restaurant , and as for the manager he lied and told us he was not the manager but just the bar manager and hid in the kitchen , and when you asked to see him he came nowhere near us and we had to actually go and find him . This completely ruined our family dinner . We did get some of our money back but we had to argue with the Manager to do so , because I don’t think he thought it was a bigger problem as we saw it . So my advice to anyone wanting a special dinner to celebrate a special occasion do not go here , you would be better off at a drive through KFC or McDonald’s as there was not much difference in the quality of food , and I think the service would be better . If you do chose to go after this review make sure you are not hungry, you have not paid in advance ,you have several hours of your life you are willing to waste and never get back,and lastly make sure it’s not a special occasion with your family as it was ruined and we were all very upset. I would like to inform everyone we were not the only people that were complaining . I would not give this restaurant any stars but there is not an option for this . 
We visited this pub as we fancied a carvery for lunch. What a disaster! We were found a table by a very pleasant waitress and were sat down very quickly. It is self service - our drinks were ordered at the bar and 3 carvery lunches paid for. The food looked OK, but that was the best thing about it. The food was extremely poor - in fact completely tasteless - not quite sure how this was possible to have food which was void of any flavour. There was ham, turkey and beef on offer. To be fair the turkey was delicious, but the beef was worse than shoe leather - there was a skin on the outside of it which was impossible to cut, which made it completely inedible and so chewy it was impossible to swallow. The vegetables looked OK. The roast potatoes were under done, the red cabbage was tasteless, the carrots were OK, the parsnips were woody and tough, the cauliflower was not fresh, whilst warm had clearly been heated for some time and had lost its flavour. The gravy was watery and tasteless. We all left our food, and departed feeling very hungry. I have lived in the area for 15 years and always thought how nice it looked from the outside. The decor was pleasant, but the food badly let it down. I will never set foot in this place again - a really horrendous experience. 
our initial visit a month ago was dissappointing with cold overcooked food. We hoped this was a one off as we had booked for boxing day alrerady. A disaster from start to finish! Met by staff clearly out of their depth with the bookings. We called well before the day to confirm normal chairs were available as 2 of us are in our 80s but were shown to unsuitable benches then moved to high bar chairs and advised they could not provide suitable chairs and denied knowing about our requests.The chairs were filthy, threadbare and stank of cigarettes with clumps of hair on them. Farce - like gymnastics followed to get two 80 year olds into the seats and then found an old dogs water bowl under the table. The soup order was incorrect and we had to ask for spoons which the waitress provided by leaning over and across our food. The carvery veg was stone cold, gravy watery and potatoes disgusting. Dessert came again with no spoons or forks provided. We were given soup spoons when we asked for some! 
I went here today, 12/7/20 hopefully to have a Sunday lunch, as I'd enjoyed here in the past. I was very disappointed. Only one Sunday lunch was available, beef, which I opted for as did others on my table, we were 6. It came after a one-hour wait. ..... which is too long to wait! the portions were minuscule. They really should have visited the shop across the road to stock up on veg, I had a slice of carrot, two small florets of cauliflower and two new potations quartered and a dribble of gravy. It was really pathetic. The place was far from busy. We were on the balcony and our waiter was alone whilst the other staff appeared to be doing very little downstairs. Even when I tried to order a drink downstairs I was told to go back upstairs and order from the waiter. Despite telling them he was too busy I still waited 30 minutes to receive the second drink of the day... I know!!!!!! this is 2 hours into us arriving. One water glass was caked in chocolate, a coffee cup was tea-stained, a spoon had a dried pool of coffee in and the coffee was served cold. We highlighted all of these things and were given a "grunt" (Not from our waiter) rather than an apology - it was unbelievable!  
The are 4 major problem with the restaurant:- 
I ordered from here for the family and I and I was very disappointed at the "indian" food I was given. As an Indian person myself I wanted to have a day off and order some food im really familiar with. There was no taste in the food for example I order paneer tikka masala asuming it would be mildly spicy however not only is it not spicy its sweet. Who has sweet paneer? Very Disappointed!! The aloo chat is not a chat as a chat concludes of a spicy sauce, chickpeas, yoghurt and of course the aloo. There was only aloo unless the sauce was the oil it was lying it. The mmajority of the food got thrown away. This is not the a place you would want to go to if you want REAL indian food....don't go there! 
Absolutely horrific service. Came here with a few friends, it took 10 minutes to get served, even though there were only 3 other tables in the restaurant that were occupied. We waited 25 minutes for 4 pizzas, in the meantime 2 takeaway pizzas were handed out (4 pizzas total). We asked for water- it was not given after ten minutes. A reminder was given to give us water. After 30 minutes total we gave up, when we got up I explained how poor their service was. Not one of them apologised. Not one of them explained that the pizzas would be with us soon which made me assume that no pizza had actually been made. Fuming to say the least. Disrespectful, disgusting service, so unhelpful and disappointed. Shame on you!!! 
The food here is tasteless and bland. It’s also very expensive for the size of pasta portion!! The garlic bread is dry and has no garlic on it. The saving grace is the pizza, although there’s a better pizzeria five doors down. My advice....walk on by!!!  
Went here for a quick pizza and it was terrible. Pizza came with bacon that was nearly raw and dough was heavy.  
We came a family of 5 and ordered pizza's, pasta and a salad. The pizza's came fast, but we waited 45 minutes for the rest of the food. Despite several excuses the food did not come, and we ended up paying full price and were not offered anything as a compensation. The last time we visit that restaurant. 
If you order takeout from this place make sure you check your order.I ordered mix grill for 2 and got a single portion of rice and the meat portion was tiny.One of the minced lamb skewers looked like it had been stepped on.Other places nearby are better.Disappointed. 
We were a party of seven - six adults and one child - who booked for my mother-in-law's 80th birthday on a Saturday evening. Our booking was for 7:00 pm, and my sister-in-law made the booking online. We arrived on time, but apparently there was some mix up with the booking. We waited over half an hour to be seated. 
The service, menu and attitude of staff caused to leave after 10mins without so much as ordering a drink. 
Worst food ever the service is so bad. The guy with the glasses got some attitude. I couldn’t ever eat the risotto  
The restaurant is attached to the Crowne Plaza Kensington Hotel (an excellent hotel!) and is the same location where the hotel breakfast is served.  
Waitress was either having a very bad day or seemed to skip Charm School. Tried to take our Mum and Nanna out for a nice meal only to feel like an inconvenience, to be told off by the waitress and rushed. My Mum hadn’t even sat down and was expected to give her starter order! It was all too comical to feel genuinely annoyed. I know Mother’s Day is a busy day for restaurants, but put a smile on your face and get over it. We all work and this is our day off to enjoy. Won’t be returning.  
Table was in the path way of everyone, we had people banging our table the whole meal through, even had to ask us to move our food and drinks to let people though at one point, I did ask to move and was told NO not possible, no reason, my mushroom starter was cold and didn't have no taste, the breads were good, we didn't receive other parts to our starter nor did I get my mother's day free drink as the menu stated , the rest basic, nothing to write home about, our waitress lovely, our experience wasn't nothing special. I won't be returning here.  
Came here for a Mother’s Day lunch and was rushed into choosing food soon after getting settled at the table. We were reminded straight away that we only had 2 hours and that no discounts or vouchers would be accepted. We ordered from the set menu which had an offer from 2 or 3 courses and a glass of Prosecco for a set price. Nearly all of us ordered from the set menu but only one person got a glass of Prosecco. When we asked the waitress about the Prosecco she said “if you want it you have to ask for it” in a very patronising way. The food was served quickly but was very average and under cooked. When we finally came to pay, we spotted that we were being over-charged by £15 which we then had to challenge twice and quite forcibly before getting the bill amended to the price it should have been. The restaurant chose to ram everyone in and treat everyone like cattle. Clearly they were trying to make a profit and didn’t think about the quality of the service they were providing.  
Was so happy to see an Italian restaurant open in our neighbourhood. Went the first week and was completely disappointed with my pizza. Hardly any toppings and not very tasty. Talked to a neighbour who said he loved it, so gave it a second try. This time I had pasta. Again, completely disappointed. Will never go back. 
Probably one of the worst pizzas I’ve ate in London. Walked in had to grab a takeout In between helping a friend move flats down the Road. The pizza on the left was described as a Truffle bianco burrata porcini mushroom special, there was minimal amount of meat on the pizza and the mushroom was not definitely not a porcini mushroom it was more like something you would expect on a fry up... poor quality and definitely not special standard. The pizza on the right was the classic primavera, I thought this would be a safe option, no, wrong instead I received a pizza with old rocket leaves and cold red tomato purée base which completely destroyed the flavour of the pizza also the san Danielle ham was also not fresh and was poorly overall presented. There are plenty of other pizza shops I would personally avoid dining or ordering from this one! 
Won’t be back after an error on behalf of a member of staff resulted in our visit costing an additional £16. Check all terms and conditions in triplicate so you don’t get caught out by the inadequate training of staff!! 
We booked through Quandoo and received an emails confirming the restaurant had accepted our booking. We even amended the time and got a subsequent confirmation. Turned up to find the restaurant closed for the holiday. Poor. 
Booked a table through a website. Received confirmation of the booking. Even ammended the time slightly and received a second confirmation of the reservation. Turned up at the restaurant was closed for the week. Poor! 
I went there to get so so service but please hear this, i have paid 4.5 for one king prawn butterfly, is this is a joke or someone is playing me ? Talked to staff, they say everywhere is so expensive lol.  
My family had a very disappointing time here. 
I went with my family for a carvery lunch as I did not feel like cooking. The Fox and Pheasant is close to my home and now that I am retired I am eating out between 2 and 3 times a week. 
Terrible service terrible meal chef didn't know how to cook a steak would not recommended this place at all will never go back to this place again 
Third visit in under 12 months, different manager every time and another disappointment. Four of us arrived early evening, 3 adults and an 8 year old. Before going further the waiter was excellent whom I felt sorry for. We ordered drinks, didn't have the drink my Grt niece wanted then didn't have the meal she wanted. Meals arrived, sister & I ordered the Hunters Chicken. What arrived was half a plate of salad, a portion of peas and the chicken, why the peas? they had run out of coleslaw and "thought" not asked, they would replace it with peas (peas & salad???)! The "Hunters Chicken" was Chicken, BBQ sauce, Cheese with a rasher of bacon on top-right ingredients, wrong order. The peas were not of the best standard and the salad was drenched in some kind of either pepper or mustard dressing, it was that hot/spicy neither of us could eat it, or the peas. Both arrived without chips so the waiter had to go back again, arriving back with two bowls of chips (that were out of this world) saying he had forgotten to bring them out. We complained to the waiter at the end of the meal who then offered the manager to attend. While waiting we ordered another round of drinks and asked for the bill. Still waiting for the manager we went outside only to be asked to go back in as we needed to pay our bill before going into the garden. We refused to go back or pay the bill as we were STILL waiting for the manager. We had almost finished our drinks when a man arrived in kitchen whites saying he was the manager, I made it clear we were not looking for anything off the bill. His attitude was appalling, never once did the word sorry come from his lips and he made us feel in the wrong, "cant stock everything all the time!", "salad is always presented with that dressing" "we put the bacon on top so people can take it off if they dont like it" "it's described like that on the menu" "we didn't forget the chips". Due to his attitude my Niece questioned him about a Gin Fest, advertised, and she turned up for, the previous weekend to find there was no "fest". He replied "we cancelled it due to the weather, we did put it on Facebook". Upon checking their Facebook there was nothing on there! not everyone is on FB! Having worked in customer facing management and training roles for blue chip companies (including the hospitality trade) I am appalled at his lack of customer skills, he should not be let out of the kitchen, ever. To travel from Northamptonshire, for the 3rd time, to this establishment to meet with family and find it getting worse I have extreme sympathy with the locals if this is the normal standard of service. 
We stood for 5 minutes in the hall before being served by a waitress. Carvery looked dry and over cooked so went for menu. Food took a long time to come. £10 chicken burger and chips was tiny; like a small kids portion, not suitable for adults. No gravy on the pies- had to go and fill up a mug from the carvery. Garlic bread was burnt, asked for replacements. 20 odd minutes later it came back slightly less burnt. Very poor. Would not recommend. 
I booked a table at the Fox and Pheasant for 25 of our residents as a Christmas get together. To begin with, the waitress had no idea what to do with herself. I ordered some drinks but nobody came to take our order - meaning I had to keep going to the bar and bringing drinks over myself. Secondly, we were told the carvery was open. Everyone lined up and as soon as everyone tried to eat their dinner the discovered everything was completely cold. The chef told us 'someone' (himself) has forgotten to turn the hot plates on, and then asked ME to ask the table if I wanted the food to be 'blasted in the microwave'. I told him to go and get a waitress who's actual JOB this is to ask everyone. Nobody was bothered as the food was poor anyway. We asked for more drinks as to which the waitress took one end of the tables order and then disappeared.. leaving about 20 people with no drinks. By this point everyone wanted dessert, and I ended up taking everyone's order myself and taking it to someone to put through to the kitchen. Even then they still managed to mess this up. A glass of prosecco was ordered that took half an hour to appear after the third time of asking for it. To top it all off, the deposit that was put down couldn't be found so I was left standing there for twenty minutes whilst they tried to find it. This place is not a restaurant, it's an absolute joke. Do NOT go here. 
My daily journey into work, I would drive past F&P thinking that I must stop over. Finally last weekend we (group 10) decided to have a meal night out.  
Had been here a few times and usually enjoyed the food if not the decor and service...but this last visit gave us both Delhi Belly literally within the hour of leaving.Wont be going back. 
We booked a table for 6 of us this was booked 2 months in advance when we got there we was told we dont have u in our diary not sure we can seat u and was told to wait, we were seated and left no offer of drinks or a menu 15 mins later we was told we could not order of a menu only could have tbe cavary and still no offer of drinks and left for another 25 mins, when tbey finallly come back the lady was so rude amd said ( well are u eating hete or not ) woth that we left and went somewere else the customer service was disgusting no appologies or a smile we will never bother with here again if thats the service whats the food like ? . 
Sadly tonight we turned up for a meal from the menu as the last time we had one here.. It was great ... A few months ago... 
Had booked for a family function, they were to supply a buffet for around 50. We arrived around 4pm as requested, some of the buffet was out on the hot plates ready. To me it seemed that that had used up all excess stock that doesn't get ordered as often on the menu?? We had ;paid for a selection of things and were served 3 big bowls of chips with nibbles I could've bought at Iceland!!! To add insult to injury, the bar staff although the younger, new staff were trying, the bar manager herself was Very Rude, eye bawling customers, huffing and puffing when having to do something.  
I used to work in the area and ate here regularly but haven't been for a couple of months until yesterday. I was very disappointed with my breakfast, I had the special as I normally do, the eggs were greasy the bacon was hard and the breakfast was not up to the normal high standard that I came to expect from this place.  
I can’t comment on the food as unfortunately we didn’t get that far. In fact we didn’t even make it to a table before the Maitre De took it upon himself to notify us that there is no space for us and the buggy (the restaurant was empty) and had the audacity to even say to my face ‘it is not that kind of restaurant’! Bare in mind I had not uttered a single word so far and my left foot was still outside the door!! I could not believe how rude he was. He effectively kicked us out of the restaurant for daring to come in with our baby! Absolutely humiliating and frankly shocking that we were treated in such a horrible manner. 
We have been making for some years an annual dinner visit to this backwater of French gastronomie, but I am afraid the wheels have really fallen off the wagon now and we shall not be returning - hence "Adieu" 
Lets start off with the good: the staff were friendly and the place is clean. But the food was revolting: it made my old school dinners seem like Michelin Star quality. I had to ask several times for a Gin & tonic for my drink and in the end I gave up as it never turned up. the Steak Knife request was a hit or miss on whether you will be supplied on or not. And if you ask for the bill - lets hope you are not in a hurry as the wait for this.......well you might as well settle down with a good book to pass the time with. (and the restaurant was not exactly busy at the time). 
First and last time I will go here. This is the worst run restaurant I have ever been to, and the first time I have had a starter in one restaurant, and a main course in another.  
Staff apathetic ; presentation very poor (food slopped onto plates) ; deliveries barging their way through the restaurant. The worst Prezzo branch in the area. 
Second time I have been. The first time was bad enough but I thought I would give it a second go. They didn't fail to disappoint. I had a basic margahrita pizza. Absolutely awful. The pizza dough was like a thin burnt biscuit and the topping with too much dried herbs & what I assume was grated mozzarella was tasteless. I struggle to understand how with a proper clay pizza oven and really basic ingredients they can get this so wrong?! Dessert was cold sticky toffee pudding with ice cream. I did complain but the waitress couldn't quite grasp that I was making a complaint about the quality of the food & ignored the complaint totally. I won't be going back. if it's pizza you want then don't bother going to prezzo as you'll be wasting your money ! I'm going to stick with family run proper Italian restaurants, cost wise there isn't much difference but the quality of food & service will be far superior ! 
The Banana Leaf seems to have changed management and the standard of customer service has gone shockingly downhill. 
I don't know whether it was a Saturday afternoon and the girls didn't want to be there or if there was a massive argument between back of house and front. 
We visited this restaurant to have a meal and we were very disappointed. We have been here before and it has been ok so we went back with our Tesco vouchers. When we arrived they did not have our reservation but we got a table. We ordered some bread and olives, while my husband was eating the olives he found a hair, which made him feel ill. We gave the olives back to them and complained. They said the olives would not be put to not our bill. When we received our main course, which were both roast belly of park, my husband cut his open went to eat it but it was stone cold. Mine was ok, I went up to a member of staff and to,d them what had happened. The lady was very apologetic and offered my husband another main course but by this time he did not want anything to eat. We did not have any desserts, when the bill was given to us it included the drinks and the breads, the starters we had but they had left the two main courses off. We paid the bill but I was not happy doing this after the awful food we had receive cut could not be bothered to argue in a packed restaurant. I did not use my vouchers as I had too much to pay the bill, we paid in cash but did not leave a tip. We will not be going back there again!  
Never before have I sent back papadams to the kitchen. They were soggy, and tasted like yesterday's. The draught beer was flat, but I was too embarrassed to return that too. The service was very slow. The food was mediocre and nothing at all like this wonderful restaurant used to be. Clearly the old chef is no longer there and the current chef is no where near a match, the music was dreadful modern electronic dance music, played too loudly, more suited to a seedy nightclub than the subtle and reassuring tabla and violins that usually enhance the atmosphere. 
I have used the banana leaf since its opened probably 28 years ago, they are living on past glories from the excellent chef and owner who really new how to cook, the new crowd that have taken over are an absolute joke, the food is really horrible now, I ordered a take away they got the whole order wrong, after confirming my order twice on the phone prior to delivery. My wife and I tried eating the stuff they delivered it really was second rate, My advise use the south Indian place opposite. Banana Leaf your a joke now. RIP the ex owner and his son. 
My husband and I had supper here and I can only hope we were very unlucky because the whole experience was an absolute disaster! The service was poor, the real bread was rock hard, we were served our starters and finished eating that before the wine was poured. My seabas was under cooked, his chips were burnt. Finally we ordered desert and coffee and then whilst waiting got asked by three different members of staff if we wanted desert. It finally came but I had to chase my coffee before someone went to the bar. Overall not very authentic food, poor service and not value for money. 
I have been visiting this Resturant since 1982 as it had won many awards for South indian Cuisine.  
I was sucked into visiting this place by friends. Never again. 
Visited here on a Monday evening, walking distance from the premier inn and chose the place as we enjoy South Indian cuisine. The place was deserted but was reassured by the waiter that they are busy over the weekend. The interiors were dated. Food was awful, too much spice and tasteless. The rice was old and we left most of what we ordered on the table. While we were there a gentleman brought back a take away saying it was substandard and the chef had to recook the whole order, which made us feel we are not the only one's disappointed. Couldn't wait to get out of the place..Avoid !! 
We went to the restaurant early tonight. The whole place was empty with one table marked as reserved. We asked to be seated and the waiter gave us a seat near the door which was drafts. We asked about being seated at another table further in but were told they were all booked. We decided to leave but as soon as we decided that, the waiter realised the other tables were not booked after all! We left anyway. Disappointed! 
Unfortunately, the food came quite late and it was of poor standard. I ordered the lamb shank and I couldn't help thinking it looked reheated and did not look fresh. The place is not very clean. I could see cobwebs and I was just glad I wasn't underneath them at the time. I wouldn't be going back again. Sorry!  
I went today for lunch with my husband.We both had soup and fillet steak in peppercorn sauce.Both our steaks was swimming in a red wine sauce with a few peppercorns.Normally the sauce is seperate so you can pour it yourself.I do not drink and as soon as I got home was violently sick.We both left half of our steaks as they tasted awful with the amount of sauce,no1 asked if all was ok with them even though I asked the manager for a seperate plate for my steak(This was a sign I did not like the amount of sauce).I am so sick and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.Terrible food and the poorest service. 
Staff trying their best. Asked for a steak from their menu but from the selection they had there were none to offer!!! bearing in mind this was only 6.30 in the evening .The eventual meal I selected was meant to have coleslaw as a side,but again this was not available!!! For crying out loud run down the local shop and buy a tub!!! This place has so much potential but is dirty and disappointing. To be honest lots of great places in this area to eat, my recommendation, give this one a miss!!!!! 
Lucky to have one star. Got a takeaway from here, filled everything out online got my conformation email that said it would be ready at 8:00 (ten minutes from when I placed the order) but online it was saying 8:30. My partner phoned up Upminster to make sure what time it was ready to be collected we had ordered a carbonara, margarita and another pizza. When we arrived there was two pizza boxes sitting on the side by the chef clearly we thought great food ready. However we when get told it will be another 10 minutes, we could see the chef clearly sitting down not cooking at all with the restaurant having 4 tables of 2+ sitting down. Not rushed off their feet. I then look over to see a waitress pouring out a chocolate pudding from a white container onto a plate for the deserts would certainly not have one after that. They are a restaurant and the chef isn't even attempting to look busy or even making there deserts. Disappointed. Will not be in a hurry to eat here anytime soon and will definitely not be eating a desert in a container while pretending it's from the chefs bare hands. 
I would never think of stepping in again..I and my husband went there on a weekday for dinner.. Ordered a dosa each.. On which the waitor said a minimum order of 15 pounds is requires..its the most ridiculous thing I have heard..rude..obnoxious.. 
We phoned ahead to book a table, 5 people 9pm on a Saturday night. Ordered poppadoms, which they said they didn't have. When pushed, they then suddenly found them. The rest of the meal took this route, with orders being forgotten/not delivered/run out of all over the place. When questioned, it was a "we are too busy" response- well don't take our booking then. 
I visited with partner and the service was awful for a place that only had 4 tables of guests but decided to give it another go with a friend, big mistake! The meatballs were cold and even after sending them back they were still cold. Ordered a glass of wine when my meal arrived and didn't receive it till after I finished my meal, even after reminding the waitress when she went to heat my meal. When we payed the bill we decided not to tip as we had a bad experience and the waitress who was counting the money at the bar decided to 'tisk' at us as we left. Will never be spending my money here again.  
I went on a normal Friday evening meal at this place since it was near my house. What happened once we went there was a shock. The waiter was not willing to give a table which we wanted even though the restaurant had only 5-6 tables with people out of around 20 tables. Mind you it was a 2 person table only and not a huge one. They were neither reserved as such. The waiter then said you can only sit till other people come....and get the hell out of there otherwise. When I objected he started swearing - wow a dumb guy I thought. I started to walk off and then this guy starts to threaten me with consequences since I asked him to stop using foul language especially in front of my wife. The manager was even worse, started insisting it cannot be that the waiter had misbehaved. Further even when I said that I had been threatened with consequences she wanted to get the waiter to confront face to face - what did she want a fist fight? 
Just had the worst veal sirloin ever. Sent it back the first time, even worse the second time. I expect the chef to know the difference between medium rare and well done....spend your money elsewhere.  
Today I decided to return to this restaurant for a family meal which was totally disgusting. 
We arrived at 8.30 on a Friday night, and the place was practically empty - "sit where you like" - there was plenty of choice. We were told it was only carvery, no other meals available. The carvery turned out to be dried up scraps of meat that had clearly been sitting there so long it's a wonder they hadn't collected dust. There were only two staff in evidence, they appeared to be doing everything between them. Can't criticise the staff, they have generally been lovely over the years, especially the gentleman who has been there forever (Ray?). He told us they were soon closing down, which is a shame for the loyal staff. This pub used to be so lovely, quite posh in its day, but has gone steadily downmarket in recent years and the food has become embarrassingly poor. Pity. Can only hope it reopens under an improved guise. 
Very bad customer service.No warm welcome and I regreat going to this resturant on a lovely evening with Family.The food was of very poor quality and very blank.As a south indian i must say this restuant is a joke.The waiter told me that this food is more for British taste and i felt like laughing on him beause i am sure the British know very well what curry taste like.They should get some ispiration from Chutny Merry and Rasa Group.The little place is decorated well and kept clean but the name should speak for itself and this place is a joke in itself. 
Manager and staff yet again very rude  
We have just got back from the restaurant and will not be going again. We arrived at 7pm went to the carvery and found that there was no roast beef,chipolatas or stuffing . We could only see one waiter working we felt so sorry for him as he really was trying his best. Maybe he should be made manager as with his experience in making do we feel the restaurant would be run a lot better . Our advice is if you want a carvery meal go to the Toby. 
We went to the Upminster Prezzo one evening with my partner who has to eat gluten free. 
Our food arrived barely warm. The service was poor and the staff were rude. The toilets were dirty with toilet paper all over the floor. 
We have visited this place a few times now. My partner has the carvery which is ok, what you would expect for a carvery, I am not keen on carvery so i have ordered from the menu. The last 2 times the food was like a trainee chef cooked it, absolute rubbish, shame really because the staff are so nice. If you do go to this pub make sure you have the carvery and DO NOT order from the kitchen, not an ounce of effort goes into it. 
We went for every year xmas meal with my partner and his family.  
We have just got home from eating here, it's now 22.30pm we went at 6pm admittedly we didn't book a table but the resturant was far from busy, we had to wait till a group booking (which wasnt the biggest group ive seen) decided to order there food until we did which made us feel at the bottom of the pecking order, the staff was so rude and didn't have a clue what they was doing then when we did finally get our meals an hour later i was given the wrong dinner eventually when I got my dinner it was awful but I was so hungry by this point I had to eat it, Ive been here a few times n it used to be brilliant me n my partner have both said we will never go back again. Don't no what's happened it used to be the best place to go for a decent Carvery not anymore save your money n time and go somewhere else.  
WAITED TO BE SEATED ALTHO BOOKED,2 Staff on for a Saturday night.waited forever for drink ,food ordered whitebait arrived overcooked,then argument with staff that tried to tell me that is how it should be.maincourse 2 shocking burgers,overcooked chips,1 main course carvery cheap horrible cuts of meat,Turkey roll ,inedible beef ,you guessed burnt and dry in fact black .mum in laws fish burnt .a once good restaurant ruined by cost cutting measures ,recently changed ownership ,new owners insisting on keeping costs down[ told by staff] .lots of empty tables ,where once you couldn't get in on Sat night ,says it all.,should now rename it CINDERS.dont think this will survive in this format.Total ruined a family night out,shocking 
Absolutely desgusting food was served prawn starter was cold they got one of our staters wrong then my main was terrible calzone with one tiny bit of in cooked chicken and the waitress just says that's how there cooked that's there recipe don't think so  
Fox and Pheasant - Gerrards Cross 
Having visited this carvery several times over the years we were very disappointed with our last visit. The waitress forgot the beer and we had to have a substitute wine as the one we had chosen was out of stock. We gave the carvery a miss as it looked very sad and dry and it was only 6.30pm. The food was very below par my lasagne was too well done - my husband had the beef and ale pie and the pastry was too hard to cut!. 
Me, my boyfriend and some friends stopped in to the Fox and Pheasant for lunch last summer. The first thing i saw when i walked in was a sign saying 'jugs of Pimms'- i thought great, just what i fancied. Sat down and the waitress came to take the drinks order so i ordered some pimms: 'oh we dont have any'. Well i think you should go and take that sign down then dont you....!? 
We visited prezzo in January for a lovely late afternoon meal with our children and one particular waitress was so rude and unpleasant, asked if we could change the kids drink order as this was not on their set menu to be told "no" and there was not going back on her word, she has served me twice before and the service was also terrible although I know other waitresses at the same reataurant whom which are lovely.  
New decor but the same old problems. 
I had a lunch here and it was more than bad experience.  
19 02 2015 
I signed to trip advisor just to say that I never come across place with so bad food. It wasn't fresh, even chips looked like re-fried. Fish was hardly warm inside and burned from oustide.  
To whom it may concern, 
Having not been back here since a disastrous visit in 2008, we decided to risk it again for lunch. 
Awful. The yorkshire puddings were so hard we could not cut into them, the cauliflower/broccoli were so overcooked they smelled (I am sure they were left over from lunchtime). We had been told that they were open all day, but when we arrived we were told they would open in about an hour. The parsnips were undercooked and cold. The beef was OK. When the waitress asked if everything was OK, my daughter told her the yorkshires were too hard to eat but the meat was OK. "Oh that's good then" she replied! Most disappointed. Will not go back again. 
Just visited this restaurant after a refurb, when visiting my daughter we often popped in here and it used to be ok, tried it today and it was awful, On entering restaurant we were greeted by no one as there were no staff anywhere, we waited a further 10 mins to have our table pointed out to us,we would have got drinks at the bar but that was unattended. We ordered our food the selections I made were unavailable, the other meals came out 2 of which were barely warm and served with stale bread and that was after waiting quite a while, I am guessing that if you have carvery it might be ok but if you order of the menu then that is an inconvenience, no check back to see if the food was ok,it was difficult to get any service as that was practically non existent. We will not be visiting this place anytime soon. 
We agreed to meet at this restaurant as we have elderly parents nearby. 
Waited 40 minutes for 3 sharing platters 2 turned up cold had to ask for plates knives forks. 
I was taken to this place as I had not been impressed with larger chains of the similar kind for a roast meal! So I didn't have my hope set high, which is lucky!! The interior was nice, wooden. We arrived and went to the arrival podium where it said please wait to be seated! I don't know how long we would have waited if my partner did not go off to find someone to seat us! 
Food poor but is a cheap place, so it is not too bad. 
Save yourself the embarresment, drive passed, You say what do you expect for 5.95 GBP. I expect edable food. If management set the price it still should be edable regardless, To be very honest I would not pay 1.00 GBP we should of left when we saw the carvey. We had Carvery looked like the Beef had beed sat out for two days i reckon, it was that dry even chef had trouble cutting it. So I decided on the Turkey and Veg, Sprouts were grey softer than the mash ,peas were dry carrots were ok, SMASH potatoe was really crunchy Roast potatoes and Roast parsnips were only what I can describe as empty nothing in them that over cooked or sat to long on the hot plate so dry, yorkshire pudding freezing cold stuffing could not get a folk in it, The turkey was somehow watery, The chef deserves a medal for getting it so watery , not juicy wet with water, Nothing on the plate was edable apart from the carrots , there was another couple in there and All we did was laugh about the food it was that bad too bad to complain but you just had to laugh, we left , we did pay the bill as obvioulsy they need the money alot more than we do, especially the waiter, come on mate you know you had a body odur problem every one, all 6 other people in that place knew it, your waitress should of pointed it out to you as she did know you could tell by her face when she overheard me, talking to my partner. I am really interested in the management reply - if he dares, I trained as a chef and would of never turned out food like that, UP STANDARDS This could be a great place as the outdoors is beautiful and would be a lovley place to be in the summer, real shame 
where do I start my family and I went here yesterday to celebrate my mums birthday. we booked as we normally did knowing it gets very busy. But were surprised to see the restaurant was nearly empty. we soon found out why!!!! the guy who carves the meat has perfected the art of cutting the cold dry meat so thinly you can nearly see through it !! and how on earth can you get the serving spoon handles so hot yet the vegetables so cold. this place has plummeted so fast I can't believe. and to charge £9.95 for it is a disgrace. the best part of the meal was the pudding and that was bought in !!!!! please please please give this place a wide birth and hopefully they will sack the rude blinkered guy who carves. 
25th May 2013  
Popped in for a drink. 3 drinks, 1 bag of crisps and 1 bag of nuts was £17 + - no doubles there either! Had wanted a soda water but the pump wasn't working so had to have sparkling water instead - only an issue because of the price. The barman was disinterested - felt I was an inconvenience. The bar area is run down, the tables were sticky and it was all around a horrible experience. 
Last chance we will give this place, we have been many times before since 2011 and it has been getting worse ever since. The lack of empathy or customer service is appalling.  
I liked the restaurant, all white tablecloths and dark blue chairs and awnings, but the food was awful. it was my fault, never order fish on a sunday, because it can never be fresh, and this fish was definitely not fresh, despite the assurances of my waiter, in fact I would say the fish had been frozen. I had ordered dover sole, grilled off the bone, I should have ordered it whole , inspected it, and watched while it was filleted, but I didn't and I paid for it, because I felt ill straight afterwards, so much so that I had to leave quickly and get back to my hotel before I barfed. The fish had absolutely no taste, it was bland, and was swimming in the now melted water that had been used to freeze it. the veggies were served cold and that didn't help thing. so an expensive experience for me. packeted, frozen sole, costing £38! nice place but the food is no better than the frozen food section of your local supermarket. 
Very bad service. Served wrong order twice for my partner and I ended up having my dinner on my own. When complained to staff and manager they said not everyone enjoys their food at a restaurant instead of apologising. WILL NEVER GO. Very ride staff and BAD service. Try lakeside Prezzo, very good service. 
My local prezzo is a lovely place nice setting.. But the staff are miserable and not welcoming at all !!! Second time I have tried to use a voucher code and as per usual they tell you at payment it's not applicable .. Think they need training in customer care/ service !! 
Visited for an evening meal with my wife & two small children mid-week. 
I had a family sunday lunch 21 oct It was very poor I had what the carver said was beef, 
You cannot understand the person taking your order so much so that it took 1hr 40mins to deliver as the wrong address was given to the driver. Masala sauce is hot and I choked on the several bones in my fish. Called for a refund and after agreeing nobody turned up. Called next day, left number, STILL NO RESPONSE! Shocking service, awful tasteless food! 
 I tried to resolve this matter with the restaurant manager Things he wouldn't speak to me so had to report to just eat he refused to refund anything Great customer service Thonga .The item I ordered is not what was delivered, there was barely any meat in box it was half empty and filled with onions and potatoes at a cost of £8.75 I feel robbed !! This is not authentic South India food and nor is it the same as the menu description.The dosa was hard and tasted stale NOT FRESH. I spoke 3 times to a young lady there who tried to be helpful she said she couldn't authorise a refund only thonga the manager could but he is reluctant to do this, why if the food is sub standard and not what was ordered/paid for ? He offered a replacement however I was not prepared to wait another hour for a delivery. The item ordered did not resemble or taste like South Indian fried meat, unfortunately this place has recently changed hands and gone into partnership with someone else and this is clearly obvious in the poor quality & quantity of food they are sending out which is a shame as this place was previously in my top 5 best South Indian restaurants in Croydon... If you want good, tasty, value for money, authentic South Indian food go to Taste of kerala or Kalpa in Broad Green. AVOID  
Recently this pub has had new management, and with that in mind, we thought we'd give it another try for a carvery lunch to see if standards have improved. 
What a waste of time lost my order served loads of people after me . It use to be a regular haunt. Not any more  
My first review is a disappointing one had visited this cafe many years ago and found it always to be pleasant I was always greeted by friendly staff and also the food was nice at sensible prices, I was disgusted at what I found here on my recent return the prices were ridiculous! and the women who served me was very rude not even a smile she was handling the money then went out into the kitchen and started touching and cooking food! The worst to come was the man I see touching raw food then putting his hands all over different food without washing he's hands! I then had to wait 35 mins for my lunch only to find half way through it a long dark hair I was so upset and angry by this I just left ! never again would I step foot in that health hazard place!! 
People should be aware that this restaurant serves shark fin.... this is a MAJOR problem as sharks are going extinct because of demands coming from Chinese restaurants (like this one). Not only that, fisherman kills sharks in the most barbaric way. They cut the fin off when they’re still alive and throw the body back in the sea, and they die from drowning because they can’t swim. They do this because it’s the cheapest and fastest way as they’re no demand for shark meat (they don’t taste nice). You can research this yourself. Its a seriously problem nowadays and mandarin kitchen should not be encouraging this and be more responsible!  
Ordered online at 7.10, eventually arrived at 9 after several calls to the restaurant to ask where the delivery was. Initially told by restaurant supervisor that the order would be free due to the wait. Delivery man then returned at 10pm to my home now requesting payment. First and last time I will be using this restaurant. Disgraceful customer service 
We have been here a couple of times before and really enjoyed it. But today's experience was awful. On arrival we were told that food was taking at least 45 minutes to get served, so we ordered and sat outside. Starters arrived after 50 minutes. We had a sharing platter which was missing the dips and garlic ciabatta. Mains came about half hour afterwards. Grilled chicken breast which was in fact three tiny sections of breast. Sauce was missing too. Fajita chicken, again, missing a sauce and korma missing the chutney. 
I have been here a few times and had no issues. 
I ordered the hand rolls from the takeaway menu thinking that 4 for £10 was a fair deal. The hand rolls were tiny, barely had any fish or prawns in them and one was a cucumber-only handroll, something I have never seen. I thought it was all a bit miserly. Plus service was terribly slow, they kept me waiting for 40 minutes. Avoid. 
Sat in the Fox and Pheasant as I write this review. My daughter booked this pub for Father’s Day only for us to arrive and be told there is no menu choice only a carvery. The pubs website advertises ‘ treat your dad to a burger and pint this Father’s Day ‘. Now two from our party of five will sit and watch the other three eat. No apology no management visit just take it or leave it. Was not advised during telephone booking there was no other choices. What a waste of time.  
My family took me here for my birthday, some of us ordered starters and we all ordered mains our starters came out fairly quickly and were all really nice however we then waited 1hour and 20 minutes for the main courses to come, there was 4 burgers and fries, 1 fish and chips, 1 scampi and chips, a child’s burger and a ceaser salad so nothing fancy and certainly nothing that should have taken that long. 
Visited here last week for my a family birthday. Very disappointed with the service. Waited so long for our mains, forgot a starter, a burger done pink when asked for well done, didn’t clear up the tables after we had finished. We had all ordered at the same time yet all meals didn’t come at the same time. I did complain that evening and ask for the manager but the staff said the manager had gone home and he will call me the next day. I then waited for the phone call the next day and nothing. I then called to be told it’s his day off. Still no phone call the following day. I then called, spoke to the manager, explained my complaint and his tone and manner was very defensive. He accused of me of lying about the service, said he trains his staff up very well, overall just being very defensive and calling me a liar on every complaint I had. No apology, speaking over me. In denial basically and just very rude! Said on the phone that he believes his staff over his customers. He also said that me and my family were extremely rude all night, this is not true at all. All I did was ask for the manager, was not rude in the slightest and never would be. Considering what bad service we had we were very nice to them, we are not rude people and would never be rude to staff in a restaurant. The staff even agreed with us that it had been a long wait. I just can’t believe it all to be honest. It’s a joke! We won’t be back ever again! And anyone reading this I advise u to not go as you will be left disappointed and when you do complain you won’t even get a simple sorry! Shocking! 
I would not personally ever come back to the Captain Cook again. Came here last week Very poor & extremely disappointed.. This place does not have good customer service & the food is not that great. The food we ordered took nearly 2hrs to come to my friend & I and when it did arrive our orders were either completely wrong or RAW and had to be sent back, there was no real explanation for why our food took so long or why it was undercooked.. It was not even busy for a weekday. 
I visited this restaurant with my other half on Valentine’s Day just past. We’ve been here perilously but around 3 years ago. We had a lovely mean the service was pretty basic, until the end! The bill came across and I chose weather I pay service charge or not that’s why it is a optional charge! I decided not to. I had the manager Come over to my table and ask what was wrong with the service “ahh come on guys we should all give” his chose of words. Bare in mind the meal was over £100! I politely asked if I could just pay for the bill with out the service charge! He then ask “well normally if you don’t pay service charge I’d never serve you again!!!!!” This is disgusting behaviour of a manger! I went on and said do you feel this is a nice way to make your customer feel? Also we are a young couple spending our money in your restaurant would you have approached a older couple as you just did us? I then said I feel you are being discriminating and service charge is optional. I asked to speak to the manger he said he was I asked him to prove it he then said his dad is not around! If the owner of this restaurant ever sees this review I hope you understand the disgusting service we received! I’d never recommend this restaurant! 
We had pre booked for a party of 20 with Children  
Despite making a booking and having it confirmed for my birthday when we went in there they denied having any knowledge of it and kept us hanging around for ages. 
I can not believe it is Indian Restaurant. Food was very bad quality and tasteless. I did not see any cucumber or tomatoes in chicken chat , it was burn, and I observed this kind of rubbish food first time in my experience. Also dish was tasteless as soil. 
Visited this restaurant last night with friends, as we have done for the past 37 years plus! We have never before had a problem but last night was one big problem from the minute we walked in. First of all we were visiting with friends one of whom has great difficulty walking and I specifically asked for a table at the front of the restaurant and able to accommodate this gentleman. Not only had they not done this but did not even have a table ready for us at the back section of the restaurant until half an hour after our original booking. They did not seem to care and almost blamed me for the fact that I did not want to sit at the back. We were just left standing aimlessly in the middle of the restaurant. When we eventually did sit down shoved as far back as you could go, our meals not only arrived cold once but twice! The food was then taken away and blitzed to a cinder in the kitchen in order to reheat our dishes that then obviously came up inedible. The staff were most unhelpful didn’t seem to care the restaurant was clearly overbooked and if this is the case they should in fact be big enough to refuse people they are unable to accommodate rather than end up with a bad review on this site for example. Upon bringing us our bill they asked us what we thought they should do in order to compensate us for an extremely poor experience. We replied it is not our place to make this decision but yours. They had trouble processing this. We put them out of their misery and said just bring us a bill for the drinks we have consumed and scrub everything else which is indeed what they did. Will we return? Doubtful ! Paradise in West End Lane would be a much nicer better bet better service never had a problem, also Maliks in Gerard’s cross. Try them, great food AND service fantastic. Cannons not so much and although they have been there for many decades both management and staff have gotten exceptionally complacent with their attitude. A full restaurant definitely does not equal good reviews,returning customers or recommendations.Great disappointment. 
was expecting traditional fish and chips instead was served fish and chips that were bought from iceland including sausage i i know this because i regurlarly buy these 
Overrated used to be good years ago but that reputation hasn’t carried on to today, shame really because people think it is still good,I’m not one of them. 
I went to eat dinner last Wednesday. Staff was very rude to us. Stupid waiter faz and elivis was very rude too us. Both is dicked. We told them we saw a mouse was running under the table and they started shouting at us saying there was not any mouse. I'm not goin back again. Rubbish place. Full of mouse. Will report local authority soon. 
We visited this restaurant in 2017 and thoroughly enjoyed our experience and gave the restaurant a glowing review on here. Sadly the same could not be said of our second visit upon our return to Canons Park this year. The warm greeting we received previously was no where to be seen. We hadn't booked a table but went at 6pm and plenty were available. However, we were shown to a rickety, squeaky fixed seating booth, right at the very back of the restaurant next to the toilets. Not a problem we thought, we are here for the excellent food...... wrong!! We ordered poppadoms to start and they came quite quickly. The accompanying chutneys, pickles and salad did not arrive for a further 5 minutes. Then we were asked to order drinks and this is where I really get to complain. We ordered over the course of the meal, One Bottle of Cobra, Two and half pints of Bottled Rolla Cola, (Certainly not the Real Thing!), One Ginger Ale and one glass of Tap water with ice. For this were charged £26 (YES Twenty Six Pounds). Absolutely disgustingly overpriced. Now, I move on to the food. I love Indian Cuisine and I like it spicy even hot. To accommodate this I ordered a Chicken Tikka Madras. Our food arrived and the portion sizes were ridiculously small. Our curries served in the stainless steel trays that you normally get your rice served on. I had five (Yes 5 pieces) of dry Chicken Tikka. My wife's and daughter in laws Tandoori Mix Grill was meant to have a King Prawn. The dried up "King" prawn was no bigger than a winkle and was almost inedible. The only good dish we received was the Saag Paneer side dish. We ate what we received because we had not eaten all day but would definitely not go back to this restaurant again after this meager bland tasting offering. There is so much choice around this area to dine at, but we definitely let sentiment rule our heads with our choice. How something that was once so good turn so definitely bad in a year is beyond me. Our final problem was that despite asking for the bill on three separate occasions it took 15 minutes to receive it. We were ready to leave so I had to walk up to the desk area to pay in total £91.00 for a meal that wasn't worth half of that. No thank you from the payment clerk/owner. I will tell you now whoever owns this Restaurant? We wont be back. You are living on past glowing reports like the one I previously left you. There are far better restaurants I am sure that we will happily pay our money to and not feel completely ripped off and dissatisfied. 
Stoped here for lunch earlier this week. Served by a tall gentleman in a striped shirt. Sat outside. All fine to start with other than the wait to be greeted. 
Worst meal I’ve had for years. You can’t complain as there is no one to complain to. Prawns in batter had maybe a centimetre of slime under the batter. The chicken was like jerky. Honestly I have just joined tripadvisor just so I can warn you not to waste your money. 
No longer the place for a relaxed evening restaurant meal. Ultimately driven out by the awful music. Complaining to staff the response was “We don’t like it either.” 
If I could rate this place a minus 10 I would !! 
My strong advise to the readers please do not visit this place as the menu recipes aren’t the real Indian food recipes  
Things were looking good. Went in just before Christmas to book a family Xmas lunch a few days after the big day. Guy in the pub could not have been more friendly and helpful. Showed me the table the party would have, the various menus, and promise of crackers etc  
Do not eat from here. Awful obnoxious service. We found chicken pieces in a vegetarian curry and their response was first that we were lying and then asked them what they could do for us and they said "well bring our food back to us then init". When I explained this was terrible customer service they said we can't do anything for you. 
Restaurant was packed people not wearing face masks lots of young adolescent drunks and in the gents guys waiting to get into cubicle to take drugs only upside the food was still good 
For a very small menu and very high prices I was hoping that the food would be exceptional. Sadly, it was very very average and would have been steep at half the price. The shakshuka was basically boiled tomatoes with egg on top. Tasteless and a tiny portion. They had also run out of a lot of the other menu items which is bizzare given there are so few items to begin with. The cake was ok, but tiny slices and also vastly over priced. We will not be going back again.  
Beware...... Majority of people here are not following the government guidance... .. If you want to be safe, avoid..... Feel sorry for the staff here as the issue is most likely down to ownership and the general public... Everyone should know the rules and we are where we are due to this behaviour..... 
We first visited back when Soane’s opened, staff were delightful back then & even though food was average, after a chat with a manager it was somewhere my husband and myself had extreme hopes for as they worked out the initial ‘opening’ problems we heard about. Excited we went back this weekend for brunch ... sadly staff were not engaged and defiantly don’t care. Service was poor. Menu was tiny!!! And items sold out??? When our food finally arrived, it was cold bland and boring.  
The food is actually not bad and if not their s..ty mediocre service I would be almost tempted to go there again. Been there twice. Every time we came in the door they pretended that they are full on. Which for some people may not be an issue, but for me after few times it becomes just irritating. Just a fact that somebody thinks I'm an idiot.  
Booked a table for Sunday lunch, with our father in law 92 years young, expecting to be in the restaurant - small limited table! We should have walked away when we saw the huge number of people inside and out. Nothing on the main website indicates the large converted external areas now in use and where we were allocated our table. Food mediocre. 
The responses that the ‘management’ trot out are all the same - all purporting to have customers safety in mind but nothing could have been further than the truth when I visited. I was part of a small group and would not have stayed but I was the driver 
Stopped off at this bar/grill after a long walk in Ruislip woods. Looks beautiful.good parking.  
Sat down for diner and ordered food and drinks via their app. The food arrived promptly / reasonable timing, but no drinks arrived. We enquired about where are drinks were and the waitress said she would chase them up.  
If it were possible to score lower than 1 star, this review would get -5! The staff do not know how the new “Round” app works; the app will take your money before your order is confirmed by the restaurant and even then your order may not be accepted. We ordered drinks with our meal at 8pm and the drinks never came! We waited 1hr 30 mins for our imaginary drinks to arrive... The manager’s excuse was that the order was lost; clearly you didn’t lose the food portion of the order as that arrived on time!  
Friendly staff.  
Terrible service, bland food and poor value for money. 
So, Ii will start off by saying that this wasn't a first choice of restaurant that we wanted to go to tonight, but it was local and we thought why not... 
I had a brunch last Saturday the poached eggs was over cooking, toasted bread cold and the avocado was black. The outside local was fully of rubbish everywhere. 
Starters were fantastic, service was on par until we had mains, when my steak came out, I asked for medium rare and the staff agreed it was medium well when it arrived, it was then taken away and replaced with another steak, when this arrived it was the same as what you would expect from a blue steak,it was freezing cold in the middle, I was then refunded but had to wait 30 minutes for my next drink, clearly overbooked and understaffed, I think for the prices which they set out they should be able to manage the amount of orders to the amount of staff they employ on a shift, my dates main was on point but due to the amount of time she had to wait for my meal to be served hers went completely cold, no refund was offered for this wasted meal. Unfortunately I won’t be eating here again. 
I have been to Arens many times before and had a wonderful time. However, I booked a brunch with my girls for the Saturday just gone. I was very upset when I arrived at the venue and the manager said that we couldn't have the brunch as it finished at 4pm. And that I have made a mistake with my booking. As I was able to book the brunch on the website at 16:30 I was completely blind sited by this when we arrived. A lovely waiter came over and offered us some prosecco for the inconvenience, he also brought over the brunch menus.. A few moments later the manager came over to our table with a VERY hostile attitude. He took away the menus and said in a very rude manor ' these aren't for you ' he then brought over the a la carte menu's and argued with us about the booking. We explained that a waiter had already been over and gave us the brunch menu, along with prosecco for the inconvenience. He threatened to take the prosecco away from us which we found to be extremely rude, when I asked for a manager he said ' I am the manager'. We all then felt extremely uncomfortable and truly wanted to leave. However it was our friends birthday and she was really looking forward to dining here. I must say I have never expected such AWFUL customer service from a manager. I have previously worked in a restaurant and I was absolutely shocked that we were not treated with a little more understanding. 
Avoid! Had a horrible experience here. Front of house staff are unapproachable and condescending. 
I did not expect the rude customer service.I saw a mouse on the floor and informed the waiter guy who's name is Elvis.But he did not care about this.He just ignored.Please don't go there rubbish place.And stupid waiters.They don't know how to speak to the customers.They need proper training.Will not be returning again.will inform the council soon. 
We went for bottomless brunch for a birthday celebration. The food was so bad we didn't even eat it. We ordered salt beef sandwich and a shakshuka. The salt beef sandwich wasn't actually salt beef, it low end packet deli meat thinly sliced. The shakshuka was flavoured only by nasty coriander. There was no cumin or other spices that should go in there. For whoever is in the kitchen cooking please go and see Selfridges for what a salt beef sandwich should be and Sunny Hill Cafe for what a shakshuka actually is. Sadly if I had of read TripAdvisor first I wouldn't have booked this restaurant. The March reviews are apparently not getting through to the owner or the chef.  
This is a Bangladeshi owned Indian restaurant and does not serve authentic Indian food. 
could not eat it 1 Yorkshire pudding 1 
We visited in the early evening with our 10 year old grandchildren and were appalled by the poor service. The person who appeared to be in charge spent most of his time on the phone The food was no better than ok but not as hot as it should have been  
Absolute disgrace! 30min wait for drinks.  
So first meal out in 4 months and what a disappointing experience it was. We waited 34 mins to get a round of drinks, we received our starters before we even received our first drink. Our poor waitress was so rushed off her feet she was very apologetic. Bar staff kept giving us the wrong drinks, then when we said this is the wrong drink they just added orange juice to it to make out it was a completely different drink! I asked to speak to the manger who came to the table and said what can I do we are busy send an email tomorrow to complain! Helpful! We got refunded one round of drinks as this round took an hour to come to the table! We was a table of 6 and spent over £600.  
As a local I have been really locking for this pub to be what you would love to be ... a local family pub weekend and a nice place to have a beer during the week with friends. Well as family since they opened I have tried three times to make it my sunday destiny, however after giving them the benefit of the doubt and inspire of the food it has to be on e of the worst places in Fulham to go with your kids.... The evening staff was extremely rude and intimidating and even told my kids (5 years old) who where outside in the empty patio playing that they were going to be kick out out if they did not behaved! Definitely not coming back. Shame as this the third time we were disappointed and there are plenty of great places in fulham to enjoy sunday lunch  
On arrival at 17:20 we had said to the bar staff we had made a table reservation for 7 people at 17:15 (as per our email confirmation), members of the bar staff looked baffled and confused of our reservation to which I passed my phone over showing the below confirmation, their reply was, "we don't have any tables available, after waiting around for 10 minuets one member of staff made a phone call to who i presume was the person who confirmed our reservation to find out what to do! Thankfully for us other patrons were moved off a table and we could be seated. Not so lucky for the other patrons at being moved last minute.  
Since I recently received a “W5 Card” for Soane’s Kitchen, we thought we would see what it was like. The website is very impressive and since we were visiting the newly reopened Pitzhanger Manor, we thought we would give it a try. 
Went there the first time today. Looked at the menu and didn't fancy most of the things, which were mostly sandwiches, except a "Salt beef club sandwich". I have attached a photo for you to see. Suffice to say, it had a single slice of salt beef that was 1mm thick, so was the gherkins. 
Considering they cook the fish for you as you wait, it came and was very overcooked and the fish had lost it's moisture.  
Friday lunchtime excitement in anticipation of eating at Soanes for the first time was soon Friday disappointment. 
Over-rated over priced tourist trap. The restaurant automatically adds 12.5% service charge like in Michelin restaurants but there’s really zero engagement of the service staff At Mandarin Kitchen other than taking orders. They don’t even pour your tea. 
2 main dishes was okey but the vegetables was absolutely disgusting  
After an awful experience 2 months ago I came again as part of a party for Christmas. I was expecting the worst and wasn’t disappointed as the food was cold, bland and the service rude and unwelcoming! One of my party asked to speak to the manager who was not on duty apparently so couldn’t complain and had no apology from any of the staff, totally appalled by how this restaurant is still open!!! 
I took my mum here for lunch as a perceived treat for her birthday. What a mistake! The ambience was horrible and service haphazard. We love dogs but to have a large one at the table next to us slobbering all over the place just isn't on. To be asked if we'd like salt and pepper on the table as if they're doing us a favour? Come on! Three different members of staff came and asked how our meal was, rather off-putting having to reply mid-chew each time. This place doesn't really know what it is, yummy mummy coffee and cake or fine dining venue. It doesn't succeed on either level as the 'main' dish, some sort of stew, was bland and so small it left us hungry and the cake we had as dessert was akin to sawdust. To add insult to injury it was very expensive, considering the amount and quality of the food. The only positive is the location. There are far better restaurants in the vicinity, don't bother with this one. 
We was interested for enjoyment of food. Waiter did not take our genuine order and food was burnt bad smell. Bhuna and rogon josh was same taste and runny. The smell of food made me nauseous. I think they have captured some customer only for small portion free drink. 
We placed a takeaway order at 6pm. We were told it will be ready for collection at 6.40pm. We get there at 6.45pm were told to take a seat and wait while they get it ready. Absolutely defeats the purpose of social distancing when various customers were waiting for their collection and the crowd of customers kept growing.  
We had delivery, the food arrived after an hour cold and not tasty, the chicken was burnt, the rice was not tasty. 
Having been regularly to this restaurant I was pleased to receive an e-mail stating '15% 
I visited this restaurant last night, as my friend had been raving about how he had been going there for years and it was the best curry he had every had. Well quite frankly i feel sorry for him as the food was awful. We ordered 3 separate mains which all came out the same disgusting brown color and the sauces were tasteless. Onion bajis were rock solid hockey pucks. Ordered a king prawn starter for £6 and received 1 deformed prawn on a plate. Its safe to say i am no longer friends with this person and if your reading this james....your dicked. 
Heard mixed review of this restaurant but it always seems busy so thought we would try it. 
I went for an evening meal with family and friends. I was disappointed with the choices for mains so had soup as a main which was ok. The waiter we had was great but other staff were dour- the front of house lady was miserable. I was put off by the dog allowed in - it sat on someone’s knee with its head close to the table, urgh. It cost £100 for three mains and a soup, plus four drinks. The interior is just a concrete shed with wooden rafters. Really nothing special. 
It was full so thinking it’s a good sign, we decided to try it! Big mistake... 
We live locally and this is our third visit; every time it is plagued with issues. Today we booked for a 1330 lunch and were told the lunch menu only started 1430, once the whole nation has finished eating lunch - it makes no sense. The service is friendly, while snail-like, probably because of their frustration over the distinct lack of logic. Great venue, utterly lacking on any form of execution, which is a shame. Having had three fails, it is time to stop trying; but it won’t be long until new management/ownership starts which could be exciting. 
I ordered chicken and the meat was served to me pink! I sent it back and it came back even more pink and uncooked than before. When I didn't eat it and said I was not going to pay for uncooked meat, I was told that it is cooked and chicken is meant to be this colour because it's from the thigh of the chicken and was asked if I wanted to have it as a takeaway!!! Spent £30 with a friend for a couple of Cokes, chips and some hummus - such a rip off!  
Food was good 
Ordered take away for delivery. Told 20-30 mins, but didn't arrive for 1 hour. When it did, it was cold, overlooked with some of the worst onion and bhindi bhajees I've ever tasted. This restaurant used to produce good food, but it seems not anymore. Plenty of other quality curry houses in the area offering superior food and value. 
Myself and my wife visit here as we have been everywhere else in Ealing. Firstly the restaurant is visually pleasing but it stops there. When we arrived there were two other tables occupied so practically empty. We had to wait 15 mins for our order to be taken then we had to wait 40 mins for our food to come out. The food was ok but a tiny portion and extremely overpriced. The staff do not spend much time walking around the tables so it’s hard to catch their eye hence why we had to wait another 15 mins to get our bill. This place could be really good if the owners employed a good chef who could get the food out quicker and more experienced staff to serve the tables. 
The lobster noodles were already pretty average for the price, but what really soured the experience for us was the restaurant's claim that the stated 12.5% "discretionary service charge" on the menu was a compulsory service fee, contrary to any known definition of the word "discretionary". The waiter refused to let us leave until we paid the "discretionary" service charge, which - if not outright illegal - is certainly not acceptable behavior in any context. Potential diners beware. 
Booked a table for 830pm , at 850pm we still were not given a table. Staff couldn't have cared less, when we asked how much longer we had to wait they were not sure. We told them we were not prepared to wait any longer so the waiter opened the door for us to leave. STAFF WERE UNHELPFUL AND INCREDIBLE RUDE 
Came here for a wedding anniversary. There were bites before the meal as we arrived but they were cold and tasteless. As a starter I chose the duck pancake rolls which were half filled with duck and dry due to there being virtually no vegetables inside which would be normal. Also the oil they used to cook them in left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I chose the BBQ chicken for the main course and when I asked for a leg portion was advised that only breast was available. When it was served it was so dry that it could have been sitting under a hot plate for ages or left in the oven for hours, the BBQ source was completely dried out on the chicken and when I asked for some extra sauce I was told there wasn't any. This chicken tasted like a boiler that had been boiled first to make soup and then once the goodness had been taken out of it, roasted for hours. I noticed that a lot of food was left uneaten by other friends at our table. The desert I chose was the fruit salad. I don't consider a majority of apples and pears pears whicibare the cheapest fruit as acceptable fruit for a supposed good restaurant.. When my wife asked for ice cream with it, which was available with a different choice, initially they refused to serve some till I complained. The only reason this restaurant was chosen was because of it being Kosher. If you can eat vegetarian I strinly recommend you go elsewhere. 
I arranged a party of 12 friends to attend my retirement celebrations at midday. We were the first customers arrived on times but no service offered e.g drinks or take order. I had to look for a waiter after 10 minutes waiting. Two types of Lobster noodles did not arrive at the same times for the guests to enjoy it as a starter. It was such as effort to get chilli sauce despite asking it. It started badly from the start until the end. The quality of cooking has gone down hills. Definately, will not consider coming back 
Visited this restaurant with my family on a Sunday night. the staff didnt have a clue, food took ages to arrive and the kids meals were brought up 45 minutes earlier than our main meals. It is over priced and the food is nothing to write home about ! 
Visited the restaurant with family and was shocked at the poor service. The quality of the food was awful. Ordered Kofte and it looked like dog turd. My wife ordered chopped liver as a starter and asked if it came with Matzos or crackers. Their reply was it comes with chopped liver. All other food items ordered were delivered to our table at 10 minute interval, so we could not eat together. 
I ordered a take away and was told it will take 40 mins to arrive. I live 5 minutes from the place and it took about an hour to come. The staff are quite rude on the phone and take ages to answer the phone. The food came and was not hot at all and it was very oily. Avoid this place as there are easily over 10 places with 3-4 miles of Cannons Tandoori that are much better. 
Very expensive restaurant at approximately £30/£35 a head... portions are disappointingly small considering the price. Warning ⚠️ don’t get takeout either the portions only fill half the container. 
Came here after hearing about the lobster noodles! 
Today, 11 May 2016, my 85 year old mother and her friend went to the Aviv for lunch. My mother is amazing, she lives in constant pain from severe back problems and therefore uses either a walker or a "sholley" to aid her walking. 
What has happened to Aviv? We’ve been coming here for years and always been very happy, loyal customers... alas no more.  
My family and I had dinner this afternoon /evening. We were horrified to see staff members 3 in total laying over tables sleeping. We waited 10 minutes for our drinks order to be taken. The food was sadly not of great quality. I was told the only noodles they sold were vermicelli I thought what in a Chinese!! 
If I could give Soanes Kitchen a Zero rating I would, absolutely appalling service and overly pretentious food. Ealing is crying out for a good British classic menu that is good value for money, Soanes doesn’t deliver in either catagory. I noted on my visit that there is no food standards rating displayed and when I asked a member of staff they didn’t even know what I was talking about ?!?! 
Ordered Chicken with Cashew but could not eat it after the first bite it had very bad smell. No one bothered to check what was wrong with our meal....:-( very disappointing...:-( 
We arrived early Saturday night and we asked if we can have table with softer seats so our 5 year old daughter would be more comfortable, manager said that this table is reserved. we sat in that restaurant for 2 and a half hours no one arrived at that table, so he lied and when we asked him about it he said that clients did not arrived and he was to busy to let us know. meal was very average, stake was full of grease. atmosphere boring . we spend £100 pounds bill for very average experiece and meal. 
Soane’s took a reservation for lunch on 27 December about a month ago for my parent’s wedding anniversary. They have just called today on 20 December to say they will be shut all next week. Very poor, and disappointing. 
Food was very disappointing 
Needed a saw to cut into the batter! Old, dry piece of fish. Definitely not fresh  
Having had good experiences, I had the most terrible service. These things happen, some staff are not very good anywhere, however what infuriated me was 2 emails and 2 letters and no one contacted me. I shall not be going back and have told my friends and family to do likewise. 
Wall next to my table stain with recent spillage, zero atmosphere, staff very un attentive, unhelpful, no atmosphere, waiter spilled drink didn’t apologise when I asked for something they said no as opposed to really sorry we don’t have it. We had to ask for service all the time ask for bill nobody said bye and hello or thanks for coming & Food very average, overpriced definitely wont be returning. 
I phoned Aviv on Sunday the 27th Dec not long after their stated opening time and the service was on voicemail stating they couldn't take calls but to leave your details and they would get back to you, nobody did. I called again the following night again just after the stated opening time and the line seemed to be engaged so I called again not long after and same problem I then came to the realisation they had taken it off the hook . If they did not intend to serve anybody then a message should have been set up on the first night of the new lock down stating they would not be open for deliveries. 
I did some research before venturing out for a Chinese and saw some good reviews for this place so turned up early Thursday eve, when we walked in a guy very slowly came up to us and asked if we had a reservation, we said no and he started shaking he's head, looking around there were only 2 tables with people.. A girl came over and said to him no problem and showed us to a table, I looked over at the man who had slumped down on a chair with he's hands in he's head.. So we felt very welcomed. 
Booked well in advanced for a family anniversary lunch, we arrived at opening time and was seated at our table. 
Was our favourite fish and chips place but seem to have gone down hill, we ordered the food via their APP, as they do not take orders over the phone on Friday and Saturday.  
I try not to leave negative reviews as I know sometimes mistakes and off-days happen to any business. But I was so disappointed today. We normally order take-aways once or twice a month, supporting individual restaurants or very small chains. Today the kids decided that they wanted Fish and Chips. We found Sea Pebbles on Deleveroo, and placed an order at 18.25 with order ETA between 19.15 - 19.30.. The time on Deleveroo App started adding time every 5 minute. By 20.00, with no food in sight, I tried calling the restaurant but there was only a voice message referring back to their App. The food eventually arrived almost 2 hours later. Everything was STONE COLD. Fish, chips, everything tasted like it was cooked a few days before. We threw the food away, and I had to quickly make dinner for a very disappointed family. Well, we now know not to ever order food from this place. 
First and last time here. Fancied a curry on my way home from work, I like my food and get takeaways occasionally but this is the worst one I’ve ever had. Was very disappointed and angry especially as it was not cheap. I ordered a lamb Bhuna, rice and naan the meat was tough and fatty, the rice had clearly been put in a microwave was all clumped together and didn’t taste good the naan bread hadn’t even been cooked and also had a bad stale taste. The dish is meant to be medium spice but didnt have any in it at all, the sauce was terrible had no flavour! Also the whole meal had a nasty smell, I can only describe as sweaty socks. The staff weren’t welcoming either. AVIOD this place 
Not sure if we visited Wild mango on a bad night, but was probably the worse Indian meal I have ever had.  
Went to the restaurant and ordered a takeaway, When we got home the food was disgusting there was 6 pieces of chicken in both of our curry’s that was overcooked. The sauce the curry was in was soo watery and tasteless and for 40 pound for two curry’s and two sides is disgusting  
Ordered and paid for 6 items got home and two We're missing food very bland had better out of a jar in Tesco over priced total rubbish wont ever use them again 
Ordered soup and found plastic bits in it that where sharp and lucky for me I caught in my mouth. 
We visited on a Friday and it was very busy. When we both arrived a waitress who was rushed off her feet hurriedly pointed us to a table by the toilets. We ordered our food - please see attached receipt- and waited ages for it. When it arrived it was the wrong order and this happened twice until we eventually got our order. My husband ordered a cheeseburger on its own and was given chips with it which we had to send back and only wanted the burger on its own.My avocado and prawn salad was not worth the money as it had about a tablespoon of prawns and a tomato and onion salad and a plain skinned avocado with no dressing.When we got the bill they had charged us £7.45 for the cheeseburger. I queried this with the lady owner behind the bar who pretended not to be the wife of the owner. She was VERY rude to me and said did I expect the staff to work here for nothing! She said she would charge me only £6 for the cheeseburger- I replied that this wasn't the point and the waitress should have advised us that by ordering just a burger on it's own- which is available at about £3.50 on the take away menu - we would be charged for another meal entirely - on the receipt it says chicken burger. The lady owner said we don't want people like me in her restaurant again. I said I would pay the bill in full and could she give me my receipt back. She asked why I wanted the receipt to which I replied I was going to put up an honest review about my experience at Sea Pebbles. She then got very angry and threw the receipt and the change back at me at the bar. This restaurant is now run by GREEDY people who care more about the money than anything else. The take away section is Cash Only - I wonder why??? 
On our bill, we were charged an “optional” service charge of 10%. We assumed this would be for our waiter but it was not and actually goes to the management. When we approached management, they looked rather sheepish and told us that this money went to the waiting staff which is a lie.This is appalling and we intend to let everyone know somehow in the hope they withhold this service charge and if they decide to visit this establishment, make a gratuity direct to their server. I am sure the local newspaper will be interested in hearing about such greed 
Normally use this pub regularly but wot a joke tonite. An hour wait for food sat down to have a drink got told we can sit here till 7.30 then will have to move to another table as they have a party somebody had turned the board around so nobody knew wot was reserved poor bar staff were at there wits end rushed off there feet joke 
We ordered one portion of combination starter, two pint of beer, two noodles. Totally £47... And the quality of food not was good for the price I paid. China fastfood have the same quality but is more cheap. 
the food was no better than average.what made this visit was the almost comically rude waiting staff.we arrived to a silent host who did not even bother to look up when we asked for a table for two.he simply rubbed out some names on his list without looking up and walzed off-we decided to follow him and he showed us a table(in Siberia) and threw the menus on the table.the rest of the staff were no friendlier or courteous.we noticed they were no more polite to their Chinese customers.if you want sullen service this is the place for you.we shall not return 
Waited nearly 40 minutes for food. One out of us 5 got food 25 minutes before the rest of us. We had to rush food as going to quiz and were given no warning of wait. Lot of choices on menu were unavailable.  
It pains me to write this as previous meals have been fantastic. I had the chicken and it was served up pink and raw on the bone. I was asked if I wanted it taken back and cooked again for longer. I declined. It’s also not very nice to know that you’re clearly being spoken about in a different language because you complained about something that clearly has health implications. Needless to say we won’t be going back. Such a shame.  
Very poor - food average 
Terrible food was tasteless, prawns still had poo in them, waiter was eating when he came to table, manager wasn't bothered  
I'm so disappointed with Wild Mango. The service is so inconsistent. There is the odd occasion where the food and service is good but too many times it all goes wrong. We ate in the restaurant a few weeks ago and I was given completely the wrong meal. Tonight I have had to wait over an hour and three quarters for a very small delivery to arrive. Totally unacceptable. 
Went for an early business dinner and the food was terrible. Each dish was in a gloopy sauce of a strange colour and consitency(? The same basic sauce with food colour added) and the flavour did not resemble any Indian food I have ever tasted before or since. Basically inedible and served by an African waiter who had little or no knowledge of Asian cuisine when asked. Best avoided unless you are on a diet and want to pay for food that was truly terrible 
Had booked out half the pub for my boyfriend’s 30th Birthday which we had roughly 60 people attending from all over. We were told they had a tribute act the night we wanted it but as it was months in advance they would cancel in order to accommodate us. Despite making plans with the venue for when the DJ would arrive and when the party would start as well as the buffet arrangements, we received a call a week before the party to tell us they were double booked and had not cancelled the tribute act, therefore we could not hold the event there. The manager at the time was unhelpful and would not speak to us over the phone or when we went to try and sort it all out, the only help we received was from one of the lovely ladies who worked there called Michelle, despite her best efforts, it took too long for head office to realise the mistake that was made on the managers part so we had luckily found another venue last minute. My boyfriend and his family have been going here for 25+ years, but after this incident it has put all of us off thanks to the lack of cooperation and poor assistance received from the manager at the time. We’ve heard that the manager has now changed, so fingers crossed anyone else’s experience will be a whole lot better. 
Oh dear oh dear out of lager, out of a specific gin, out of processco, no processco glass see picture what we were given. No lemon or lime for a gin & tonic. When we eventually go some processco it was not chilled so we asked for an ice bucket and what a surprise the answer was no. Do not get entertainment in and then not stock the bar or have enough glasses to serve with. Will we be back NO!!! Do we think they care?? 
Had lunch, went for the pub specials, this included the 2 meals for £9.95, which in our case was the hunters chicken, chicken tikka Marsala, a child's burger. 
 What a shame I tried this old established one more time again after a bad experience previously. Have been visiting this place for years and it's got consistent and one thing; very bad service. In fact so bad this was the second time I refused to pay for the service charge which they call service gratuity (quite rightly as there was no good service) and then got into a near argument with the manager. Frankly the worse experience of any Restuarant I have ever eaten in my life! Facts are asked for a beer over 5 times before it arrived, food arrived before drinks were bough to table then when asked for another beer wasn't delivered! Kept asking waiters and waitresses, who are extraordinary rude and unpleasant, for the beer didn't arrive! The waitress screwed her face up and said what when asked for a plate to be changed. Shocking, then they put 4 beers on the the bill!!! When explained that I only had three beers so please take one off and the service charge they remembered the last time I was there and that there was a problem! That was a year ago! Having read other reviews they clearly have a bad problem with uncaring rude staff! Well it all starts at the top and runs down! There clearly not going to change so wouldn't ever return, a dear shame as I have visited this restaurant for 20 years! But every good things comes to an end.  
This restaurant has shark fin soup on the menu. Thas is equaly disgusting as killing elephants for ivory or rhinos for their horn or tigers for their fur. Avoid. 
DO NOT EAT HERE! Food arrived cold and tasteless. Once we had complained about the cold aromatic duck it was heated in the microwave and returned to us. It has obviously been cooked and shredded hours ago. Nothing was fresh and very bland.  
I came here for a farewell lunch with my girlfriend before moving away for work. 
on Tuesday 7th February 2017 a wake had been arranged for a deceased police officer times were arranged for arrival at buff no food or beverages were ready nearly 40 minutes passed still no movement manager could not care less and ignored grieving family and continued to serve behind the bar.on whole the food was poor prawn sandwiches where watery and runny causing problems as you eat pouring onto clothes then manager moaned about a coach which brought police officers to funeral not once did he check if everything was ok or check the food layout he remained behind the bar from start to finish his attitude will see another public house close in orpington would never set foot in this pub again . Angry mourner 
Understaffed ,undercooked, overpriced. A meal for four people. The dinners looked like they had been chucked on the plate. Chips undercooked and one meal was served in 2 halves approx 10 minutes apart. Tasteless anD a waste of money.  
I visited yesterday with my family. Starters were OK to be fair. The main food took forever to arrive, when it did arrive (in dribs and drabs over a 10 minute period) it was almost cold and over cooked. The beef was like rubber and the vegetables weren't any better. One meal failed to materialise at all! 5 of us asked for our food to be warmed up- 1 asked for his food to be taken away as it was so bad. Even when the reheated plates came back (2 of them appeared to be someone else's dinners) they still weren't very warm- depending on which area of the plate you touched. I spent yesterday evening feeling quite sick. The manager offered to take off the cost of the meal that didn't arrive (generous) and the meal that was sent back and not replaced. All in all a nasty experience. Shame really as it has all the potential to be a fantastic place. Our waitress was lovely and I really felt for her- but she received no help and the manger didnt even bother to come to our table. 
Unfriendly staff ruined experience, much better quality pubs in the area, with more reasonable prices, would not recommend. 
Don't EVER go here..!! 
Booked a table for 8:30 pm. Arrived on the dot, there was another couple also waiting for their 8:30 booking. 
Recently visited The Buff after a few months absence. Believe it to be under new management. Waited ages to be served. The new layout only leads to congestion at the bar and whereas food was a big thing with lots of groups having meals on the left hand side of the pub, it has now been taken over with grabby machines. The lack of clear licensing rules displayed, i.e. no under 18's lead to an embarrassing altercation. Although we were only barred after spending some £20. Will ensure me and other family members will not visit again. 
I thought the food was overpriced and under spiced. Portions where meagre ( a prawn starter had only two titchy prawns and didn't come cheap, as an example). My experience of the food was that it was tepid and looked as if it had been standing around rather than cooked fresh. 
We used to dine here regularly , but after a gap f approx 3 months we were surprised at how poor the food and service was. Despite being a quiet evening, our meal took some time to arrive, was very average, and between starters and main, our used cutlery was put back on the table, not replaced - how unhygenic! 
I visited the restaurant about 3 years ago and it was pretty good. The takeaway we ordered this evening was just abysmal. We ended up throwing most of it out. Dry, crumbly egg fried rice. Soggy, chewy "crispy shredded beef". Very very plain and oily chow mein (lazily cooked, my boyfriend best described it). Salty, dry (chicken) ginger and spring onion chicken. So sorry but felt compelled to leave a review it was that bad. 
I have been a regular, brought friends and family, paid for many deliveries and last night i found the service to be rude and shocking, we spent £160 and was treated rudely and rushed, the restaurant wasnt busy or had customers waiting, we wasnt loud or difficult customers, we even tipped the young lads who were fine! But the managing was bad. They lost a very good customer who ordered there on a weekly basis.  
My boyfriend had this strong appetite for dumplings after trying a similar restaurant from just-eat.co.uk called Tatami, also in the area of Acton.  
Very disappointed just ordered a cod and chips paid £15.00 for the privilege.  
This is my 349th restaurant review on TA and I'm sorry to report this is my worst experience of any of them. Really don't want to waste time going into lots of details but here are the facts: 
We arrived at the restaurant having first booked a table. 
This used to be great, I am a regular and rated it 5 stars last time, however, things have changed. The service is now painfully slow and the food is poor compared to past times, infact several of my friends have been ill after recent visits, I presume there must have been a change of chef or management but this is now one to avoid. Real shame as I used to rate it highly. 
Hadn't been to Sea Pebbles for a few years but it used to be excellent. However today was very poor - calamari was rubbery, bread was stale, some of the fish just wasn't right and service was poor - confusing baked beans with beer! Won't be returning. 
Do not order takeaway/home delivery from this place, the worst experience we have ever had. 
New Fortune Cookie across the road was shut for a bad hygiene notice, so I went to this one for a take away. I hadn't been here for about 20 years and couldn't remember if the food was good. While waiting for my order, I saw a waiter carrying dishes like noodle with lobster and they looked very good, and the place was extremely busy. Quite promising, I thought. The staff were seemingly polite. But the food.. I took away was such a disappointment. The portions were small and it was tasteless and looked tired. But the worst came when I found a small dead fly in my food, I put everything in the bin. Such a waste of money and time. I wondered if it was to do with me asking them a few times when my order was coming, as I waited for more than half an hour. One of them told me in the end I should know I would have to wait for half an hour for take away, which I hadn't been told in the beginning. In any case obviously I will never go back. 
The last couple of times the fish was dry and chips were greasy. The service not great. We used to go there regularly but never again 
I ordered a Peking Duck at 15:30 to be deliverd at 18:45 but it was half an hour late and didn't arrive till 19:15. That would have been alright if the duck was good but the skin was not only not crispy which Peking Duck should be but it was anaemic looking in colour. I know it was difficult to keep the skin crispy as it was a delivery but it should at least have been a brown roasted colour, instead it was a pale white colour, meaning it had never been brown and crispy before leaving the kitchen. The kitchen had obviously not bothered to even try probably thinking that they could get away with a bad dish as it was a take away. It was hugely disappointing. 
The takeaway never arrived it is two and half hours later. We have ordered, picked up and eaten an alternative from a Chinese and it is still not here. Don't bother they are terrible. 
Used to be excellent but for last few years not good at all. Last (and final!) visit, stale flaky fish texture falling apart, unpleasant smell of ammonia. 
I have my parents staying with us and this is one of their favourite restaurants. We decided to have a takeaway fish supper as we had had a busy day. 
As before, I came here with a group of friends who are fans 
They have okay lobster noodle, but are certainly not good at making other Chinese food. The dishes we had tasted very salty; and the customer service is almost non-existent. If you ask the waiters to do something for you, which they don't want to do, they will just walk away and leave you waiting for a long time. Oh, by the way, if you get along with one of the waitresses, she will complain to you about how poorly she is paid. 
We booked a table knowing it was going to be busy on a Saturday evening. Arrived and we were asked to wait another 15 minutes. Ok no problem..45 minutes later still no table!! I think that was our cue to go elsewhere! So no comments about the food I'm afraid.  
Overcooked, reused cooking oil, crumbling interiors, poor service made up of completelly disinterested and bored staff.  
Recommended by friends, decided to pay a visit. Waiters and waitresses welcome us with rather boring faces (at 2pm). Food nothing special, overpriced (tasted their lobster and noodles, nothing special). A waitress was so tired that she decided to lie down on a sofa of the main hall of the restaurant and sleep (!!) using a pillow and a blanket for more comfort (!!!). Never again. 
We went to this restaurant on a Saturday night without booking a table. We were easily seated near the door. There was a draught coming through the front door on a cold night. I think that a double door would help to reduce this problem.  
I just ordered Lasooni King Prawns from them and they just sent me 4 prawns for £15 and that's it - for this amount, you'd normally get about 8 prawns and then I call the restaurant to complain - they didn't have the courtesy to say sorry - I am not at all happy customer thank you 
I cannot relate previous positive reviews of this restaurant to our experience. Shown to a table by a very polite women.That was the end of anything positive We ordered wonton soup and spare ribs. Soup tasteless the ribs had been cooked hours before were dried up though hot as they had been fried. Then came the lemon chicken, tiny bits of fried what was supposed to be chicken but so small and fried could have been anything,served on cold plate so congelaed sticky glutenous lemon sauce 
We have been here on several occasions and familiar with having to wait despite booking. 
The lady at the till was quite rude and very reluctant to do any work. Then whilst taking our order started playing with her eyes , cleaning them out and playing and fiddling with her hair. Then when she went to collect our order, she didn't think to wash her hands, and I had to ask her to do so.  
Didn't rate the food sorry the service was poor they rushing to get everyone in and then a flop . 
The food was tasty and good value for money on the tastecard - However The atmosphere and the service was disgraceful.  
The food was of average quality but its presentation was very poor. The atmosphere in the restaurant is soulless, the lighting and decour is stark, the staff hardly spoke to us and at no point were we asked if we were enjoying our food. We will not be going back. 
We were bitterly disappointed with the takeaway service. Not only did we have to wait 1 hour and 50 minutes for our food to be delivered, it was cold, didn’t have a lot of flavour and quite unpleasant. We were not offered any discount for the time we waited despite calling them twice and telling them how unhappy we were with the wait. If we didn’t have to wait so long, we would have sent it back. I am more tempted to purchase the Chinese takeaway from Marks and Spencers then order from here again. It was a huge disappointment.  
I found the food fantastic but the waitress was just so awful and unfriendly, also their ketchup was of an inferior standard 
I had hoped that by eating in the restaurant rather than takeaway we would have freshly cooked food. 
Food was good fish and chips over priced but was hungry so was willing to pay the price 
The service was awful, staff was rude and our waiter told us that we had to wait for our drinks until he had collected our food. When the food was brought to the table it was cold, tasteless and dry... very very disappointing. We wasn’t checked on and looked after at all. It seemed that all they was bothered about was preparing the take away orders. You would be better off getting a microwave meal from Lidal to be honest. I would also suggest that the floor staff are better trained on table service as they seemed to struggle to even pick up the plates, with all our food still left on them. And wasn’t even asked if something was wrong. Worse service I’ve ever had. 
Service was non existent until i complained after waiting for 20 minutes and no one even acknowledging us, after complaining we had menus given to us with a second waitress literally 30seconds later asking what we want to order! 
They accepted booking for 15.00 when we turned up they were adamant we had no booking showed email zero ratings very rude  
Normally it's a good chip shop. This visit my children and I ordered 3 different main courses. My chicken & mushroom pie looked odd. I shouldn't have eaten it. That night my stomach hurt and I was sick most of the night. I won't return here ever again and they have lost a good customer. Disgusting to be served old or reheated old pies.  
I ordered takeaway, went to collect 20min later was shouted at to go to the back of the queue, I explained politely that I had ordered on the phone, and was waiting in the usual place for collection as I had done many times before and was rudely told to still get back to the end of the line (which had people waiting for tables and who hadn't ordered takeaway yet,) by the rudest fish fryer on this earth. I walked out and will never set foot in this overated place again, terrible customer service and when I sent a letter pointing this out, not even a reply from the Management which just goes to show what they think of the public that frequent their establishment. Avoid..... 
Terrible terrible restaurant. Ordered 2 cods and 1 grilled haddock. Taste was terrible. Open during lockdown period for takeaways but no salt / pepper or vinegar for takeaway. Taste was bad. Surely this was not fresh fish but frozen. Prices are way too high. Last week had exactly from a fish restaurant in northwood hills prices were half and I wish i had written a review for them cause they were 10 times better then this (fried cod £4 compared to sea pebbles £7.50 at sea pebbles haddock grilled £6 compared to sea pebbles at £9.50) I was aware that the prices are higher but thought the food would be better. Would never ever go there again and will never recommend anyone to do so either.  
Called to order a delivery and paid, the staff said it would be 45 min and took all my details including the phone. After waiting 1.5hr I called to ask for the order. It was clear they charged me and forgot to put the order through, but there was no apology. They claimed it was a "misunderstanding" that I had placed a delivery order for another date...! When I asked which date they thought I placed my order for, they could not answer. I totally understand people make mistakes and it's absolutely fine, but it's the attitude of non-apology that is unacceptable. 
I booked a meal for six people at 16.30 through their website and got an email confirmation. We arrived at the restaurant on the day of the booking at 16.20. They weren't open but there were people inside so we knocked on the door. 
Food was really bad, service was bad and staff short changed us which is unacceptable. I'd avoid at all costs and try something else on the high street where customer service is a priority as well as quality. 
The worst table service I have experienced in any restaurant. Staff were surly and rude. The owner walked about talking loudly about his other restaurants, and how busy they all are, yet took no interest in the table next to us complaining about the fish.  
Very rude and arrogant. We wanted to stop for a drink and prepared to pay the extortionate prices but were turned away at the door. 
Sadly having waited one hour after ordering and having pestered waiters (it's coming soon) got up paid for our drinks and left  
We will not be using Sea Pebbles again. The Plaice I ordered was dry and oily and had quite clearly been cooked hours before. My wife's cod was very similar and the chips were not hot or crispy. The standards in this restaurant have clearly slipped which is really disappointing as it used to be a lovely place to eat. Only one person in the queue for takeaway at 7pm on a Friday says it all really! 
We went here for a celebration meal for my sons birthday, we reserved a table and arrived, so far so good. Took quite a while to be asked for drinks but eventually they arrived. 
Walked in, was ignored and waited with out being acknowledged whilst the cafe was empty, walked out in the end and went to the Koffi Pot. The previous owners who have moved to Bexleyheath were fantastic but current owners need some lessons on customer service, terrible. Been using Giggling Sausage for years, never coming back , shocking service  
I ordered a takeaway on a Saturday night, and the fish had no taste at all. I ordered the cod fish. 1 grilled and 1 fried and both was flavourless. Disappointing experience. 
We used to be regular visitors here. We came in today after lunch rush. Terrible service and food nowhere near as good as it used to be.  
Have been to this restaurant possibly 6 or 7 times and have always been very happy with the food. 
I cannot understand why this restaurant has such good reviews. The environment was unpleasantly bright and noisy. The food was bland. The waiter came to take our order about one minute after giving us the menu and the whole service seemed to be geared up to getting us through our meal and out of the restaurant as quickly as possibly to make room for the next lot of mugs. 
After I placed my order of a toasted panini and coffee, i had to wait ten minutes just to pay for my order. The young blond girl who served me was rude and began making my sandwich and then left it half finished, without putting it under the grill to then make three other takeaway orders and test the temperature of a food in the microwave. She did not wear gloves and touched several other foods and appliances before she continued making my sandwich. It was then under-toasted and while she was cutting it, half of the sandwich fell off the chopping board. Another older lady served me and instead of asking me to repeat my order or apologise for the wait, she then asked the younger girl what I had ordered, before charging me. I paid nearly five pounds for a sandwich I felt too sick to eat. I was worried about the amount of bacteria it must have contained from her hands which touched so many other foods, surfaces and appliances before continuing to toast my sandwich. I should have cancelled the order, but I was so shocked by the rudeness and the process of food preparation, I waited more for an apology than my order. I believe this cafe seriously needs a sanitation and health inspection, as well as a better and more friendly attitude to customers. 
just had a meal delivered bombay potatoes had no mustard seed no onions were the size of quartered large potatoes,cauliflower bhaji inedible,and south indian garlic chilli lamb was as tough as a flip flop i asked for a roti bread which was more like a naan.in all very poor which is a shame as it is my local indian take away..every thing very dry and disappointing. 
I took my colleague and friend to M in Twickenham as a reward for her recent hard work and success. What followed consitutes the most underwhelming experience at a supposedly high-end restaurant either of us had ever experienced. In fact to even use the term, high-end, would be erroneous. 
I would not recommend this restaurant. We sat there for 15 minutes before acknowledged. The food was sub par at best, my burger was raw when they said it was cooked medium well. Value for money was ok 
Entering this sparsely populated bar/restaurant at 7.50pm on a Tuesday evening we were greeted with "Have you ... did you ... got a reservation?" 
The staff are arrogant, disrespectful to clients and think they are doing the customers a favour. The whole thing starts with being made to sit where they want you to sit, then complete inattention when taking orders by frequently looking elsewhere, no eye-contact or smile, food comes on what look likes piled but notice the plates are small!! When we asked to have the tartare sauce kept back they insisted 'we will give you as much on your overladen plate' and before you know it they have hastily dolloped it over your food. Still confused why they could not leave until required at another table, especially when the restaurant was almost empty?? Actual food was ok, nothing exception. We have had better and cheaper fish & chips in nearby locality. This place is overrated and only survives through pricey menu and an ageing regular clientele, who are probably unable to drive to other better options. 
Went to Sea Pebbles in Hatch End yesterday evening after work. Ordered Cod and Chips to take away. 
Overcharged for mediocre food. Even after factoring in the 12.5% service charge we ended up paying for more than what we'd ordered. Dishes underwhelming. Wanted to support a local business in Covid times but regret this choice. Better options elsewhere on the Hill. 
In normal times this would be a five star review. Food is great (perfect bacon sarnie for watching a football match), coffee is great, prices are great. But not one single person working or queuing was wearing a face mask - the day that the area goes into tier 2 lockdown. No social distancing encouraged - in the queue or the tables outside which were far too close together. 
On Sunday the 14th of may i took my family to kings collage cafe/field for what was meant to be a day full of music, bbq and fun with my family for a lovely day out (whilst sticking to social distancing). It was quite simply a complete and utter shambles. Firstly, I waited 20 mins in a cue that had NO form of social distancing what so ever to then be told they had a 2 hr wait before taking any orders (if they knew this they should of told the Cuing customers before we wasted our time), This was at 4.30 and the food was meant to of started at 4. They was flipping a few burgers it was hardly Michelin star cooking 2hrs was simply a joke. We decided we couldn’t wait that long for food so had to order a pizza delivered to the field which was OBVIOUSLY not the intended plan. The icing on the cake for me was seeing the way the owner spoke to the two young lads working for him, swearing and shouting at the poor boys. They were clearly inexperienced and scared of the man, it was completely out of order and hard to watch. I refuse to spend money in an establishment ran by a bully therefore will never be returning again. Couldn’t be more disappointed if I tried. 
Ok looking cafe but; 
We did not enjoy this restaurant at all , the Starter was sent back as it was  
I am extremely disappointed, coming here was a bad mistake. I was recommended coming to this restaurant by a friend and went in with high hopes, just for me to come out with those hopes crashing down. I never expected such a popular restaurant to be this terrible. I came in to have lunch with a few of my friends, we sat and ordered our food eagerly waiting but when it arrived and we had our first bite we came to the conclusion that it was disgusting utterly horrible. Once we finished, by finished I mean ate barely half of the platter we decided that it was time to go so our dishes got cleared and we waited for the bill, we waited for about 15 minutes, so we decided to ask one of the waitresses and when we did we were left with her giving us attitude, totally unprofessional behaviour. She then came with the bill and me and my friends paid by splitting it, I paid for my share of the food but I made a mistake in my calculation and gave £2 less and was shouted at by the employee I paid that amount and left bubbling with anger. This was the worst restaurant experience I’ve ever had. I would never ever set foot in there ever again. Me and my friends were only 13 years old, that is such a horrible way to treat a customer. This experience was around 6 months ago and it still angers me to this day. 
A tired, dated looking restaurant, far too expensive for what it delivers. We had pasta and salad, sea bass ( destroyed by the waiter unsuccessfully attempting to fillet it and leaving almost nothing) and 5 roast potatoes, a bottle of beer and small glass of wine - £66.00. Not an experience to be repeated. A shame as the historic location could be really special but the tired décor and somewhat grubby curtains together with the outdated service and menu let it down. Sorry, but its true. 
we Attended as a group for a birthday celebration 3 couples in our 50s. 
Ordered starter and one course was wrong. When questioning this was told they didn't have all the selection. No apologise. Waited 45 minutes for main course. We ordered when there was about 5 tables and got busier as we waited on complaining they brought pizza out. 5 minutes later watery risotto. Asked to speak to a manager and he was obviously one as in non uniform. He tutted and never apologised and sent me to his colleague. We where never asked for further drinks or if every thing was OK!!  
Ok, so we had just come out of the Rugby, but that doesn’t excuse this place for serving probably the worst Italian food I’ve ever had. They were busy, but that doesn’t excuse the woeful slow service, and jacked-up prices. I opted for the Twickenham Pizza after a good 40 minute wait. My other half and two friends with me opted for various pasta dishes.  
Me and my friend visited prezzo in Wembley at around 9pm on Thursday. Not busy. When the lady took our order it almost seemed like she wanted us out of the restaurant. The food came out lovely and quick. Except as soon as it did, the waitresses disappeared. We couldn’t ask for any more drinks or ketchup for our fries which was really disappointing as the fries itself were really dry. I wasn’t going to say anything but when I saw all the staff chilling around the bar it really got on my nerves. The blonde waitress had a phone in her back pocket which made the whole evening even more unprofessional. It’s sad seeing such a lowly restaurant that it was back then turning into such disappointment. Never will I go back to Wembley Prezzo. 
Tried to have a late lunch here before we went to BGT at the SSE Arena. Checked the outside menu before going in because i couldnt remember Prezzo offering vegan dishes. We wanted to sit outside but we were told they werent serving food outside? It was really hot yesterday and the restaurant was boiling. We just wanted to get a cold drink and eat something so we ordered margherita with vegan cheese and the penne arrabbiata the ONLY vegan options on the menu other than a beetroot salad (inventive). The waitress came back and said we dont offer the vegan cheese anymore so you cant have the pizza. I asked why they didnt offer this anymore and was told because people complained about it and i asked what type of dairy free cheese it was and was told it was tofu? I said ok well we would have to go to another restaurant because they didnt cater to vegans very well and the waitress said oh yeh we do.. look we have goats cheese pasta and salads. Ok great that isnt vegan. Prezzo come on! Its 2019 your vegan options are rubbish - take a leaf out of your competitors books because youre missing out. We took our business to Frankie & Benny’s who offer GREAT vegan options! DONT go here if youre vegan its a WASTE of time.  
Dogs are not allowed. So it's not a pub, it's a restaurant and therefore should be redesignated. Pity! 
Just rude people and bad service. Don’t want to waste your time and money. Go spend it elsewhere.... 
Been twice before & thought pretty average. But, as it was close by thought we’d go again. It can get quite noisy as restaurant is quite big & fairly recently opened so I guess people maybe trying it out. Most recent visit..... I had to ask for two ‘starter’ portions of calamari as waiter said no ‘main’ portion of calamari possible(?) Food arrived 6 rings of calamari & pot of tarter sauce on a non dinner sized plate - no salad - wouldn’t have been enough space for salad on plate size anyway but 6 rings cost £12.50- Ridiculous!!!! Friends ordered Kleftico (actually a Greek dish not Turkish) which is made with slow cooked lamb, herbs & potatoes. Turkish version arrived lamb was cold & served with root veg. Food was rejected & then second plates of Kleftico arrived, all food hot but zero flavour. Evident that root veg was cooked separately to meat - none of which slow cooked and then served together. Totally destroyed the point of authentic Kleftico. IF the meat and root veg had been slow cooked together it might have given more flavour. But for their menu to advertise Kleftico - it was definitely NOT!! If this is their normal attempt at Kleftico then I can only assume that their chefs think they can cook & serve food & diners don’t know any better......? We discussed the poor food with the manager who deducted the meals from our bill. But safe to say, they have lost future custom.  
I think it's rude when you ask if there are any allergens in a menu the staff do not check the allergy booklet themselves but they fling a folder at you. Also, it's a bit terrible to accept an order before they can confirm that there is an allergy. Rudeness is uncalled for. 
Went there for a glass of wine whilst waiting for a friend just to find out that they allow vaping inside. 
The food in the restaurant is very good Western Chinese fair. We popped in after a movie one Sunday evening and the reception from one of the staff was aweful - even though we had booked. No greeting - not a word when we arrived. The person (I believe she is in charge of the front of house) just looked at her booking sheet, looked around the restaurant to see where she could place us and walked off to a table set up for four at the back near the toilets. One of the other staff came over to see if we were being served and I advised her that we were but there was no communication or greeting from the person that had walked off. I could see her clear a table set for four at the back of the restaurant. She returned - saying nothing and pointed to this table. I asked if we could sit near the window and she just said 'no'. I questioned as to the reason why and she just said 'booked'. Now they advised us they close at 9.00pm when we booked and it was 8.05pm. I saw red at this stage and advised her that I have never been dealt with at any restaurant like this and that she was rude and not customer friendly. This is a popular place and as mentioned does decent food but the service levels were terrible. We walked out and will never return. Shame on the owners that employ this person - she should take a job where she does not have to deal with people!! 
Had a takeaway delivery from the restaurant last night. 
We made a reservation online for The Goat Tavern and duly received an email confirmation. When we arrived no table reserved. I showed the staff the email confirmation but basically got a shrug of the shoulders, no apology. We waited because we had just travelled for 4 hours and we had no time to go elsewhere. We eventually got a table and ordered. I have to say the food was nothing to shout about. I had a steak and ale pie which was at least 75% pastry and was terrible. I will be asking Greene King about their reservation system. 
Of all the Restaurants in Wembley Park, We chose to go to Prezzo. 
Having been long time happy customers of Beijing, we were in for a nasty shock with our takeaway on New Year's Eve, which we'd been looking forward to for weeks. 
Very poor. Met a friend for breakfast and the woman serving us was not overly friendly but not rude, not a bad start. The refit looks good but there were only a few other diners, so it surprised us that service was quite slow, but that was OK with us. We received our meal reasonably quickly once we'd ordered and we were asked if we needed anything else so we asked for sauce. After about 5 minutes of our food getting cold I had to get up and walk to the back of the restaurant to the kitchen to find out what happened with the sauce. The waitress held up a white bowl and said she was in the process of getting it and she would also bring the salt and pepper. We still had to wait another couple of minutes before she came. It left us wondering what it takes to put some brown sauce in a bowl. Meanwhile the food was cold, and rather average, but not horrible. After our meal we sat for about an hour chatting and the restaurant emptied of all other diners. We saw nothing of the waitress again and our dirty plates remained in front of us the whole time. The restaurant also became colder over time so we figured they'd turned the heating off to "freeze us out!" However, still no sign of the waitress! When we were ready to leave I called out to the back (I wasn't going to get up again to walk to the kitchen because I shouldn't have to) for our table to be cleared and for the bill. The waitress chastised me for calling out because the woman she had been chatting to at the time who heard me didn't work there and had to pass it on. I explained that I didn't want to come out the back again and that I shouldn't have to ask for service. She told me I was very rude because she was very busy!!!! There was no-one in the restaurant so I asked her what she was busy with and she said she had someone come in for a takeaway. I'm sorry but this doesn't sound like it would keep someone so busy for an hour that they don't even come out to clear the table or even check on us. I told her that I would give her some advice, diners like to have their dirty plates cleared so they can talk after a meal, and what if we wanted something after the meal? What if we wanted another coffee? The waitress very sarcastically thanked me for the advice, and then proceeded to complain to the other workers and/or friends who were out the back so they were all standing and staring through at us, whilst tittering to each other. I have to say this is the absolute worst service I have ever experienced and neither my friend nor I will ever go back! 
After arranging a trip for the weekend for nine of us to watch England vs Argentina we decided it would be nice to grab a meal after the match. Knowing it would be busy in Twickenham we booked in advance. This is where we mistakenly chose Bellissimo Ristorante. Oh what a mistake! 
Would not bother returning here. There are some good Italian restaurants in Twickenham and this is not one of them. Very average boring food. Service is not good either. Definitely give this one a miss. 
My wife and I visited for Valentine’s Day. We pre booked in advance. On arrival we were presented with the £39.50 Valentines menu with no other menu available. It would have been good if they told us when we booked that the Valentines menu was the only option. None of this was a major issue for us ( you kind of expect this on Valentines Day) so we carried on with the night as planned. 
Have walked past this restaurant with intrigue many times, we finally found the time to go for a romantic meal for the first time. Both being chefs we were very excited for some "real" Italian cooking. The style of the restaurant really made us believe it was something special but how wrong we were. Firstly, we walked in without a reservation, the restaurant was pretty much empty. We were half heartedly greeted by a scruffy waiter. We asked for a table for two and he kind of shrugged and nodded to a table by the window. Me and my partner both coming from 5* hotel backgrounds we have high standards when I comes to service. Being polite costs nothing. The attitude of this waiter really spoiled our meal. The food was half decent, calamari started came with a dead room temperature salad, simple food handling mistakes even a novice cook wouldn't make. How hard is it to keep things cold? Pizza I have to say were pretty good. The attitude of the waiter was the reason for this disappointing review. Didn't get his name but was wearing a dirty black shirt untucked and had dark hair and beard. I hope he will be warned and start putting in some more effort. Will not be returning. Waste of £35.  
Very unhelpful staff. My friend lost his wallet in the pub just after he bought a drink last night. He was sat under a camera next to the bar. When my friend pointed out the camera and asked if it could be looked at, the only response given by a very glib and unhelpful manager was that the cameras were fake and there was nothing he could do. So no security in a busy west London pub! Frankly I don’t believe this. The pub obviously cares very little for the safety of those who drink in there or their staff! Last time I’ll be in there. 
Not authentic at all, poor quality ingredients, uncooked pasta, thin flabby wines, the meat in the ragu pasta sauce was in large dry tasteless chunks. Service was slow and uncaring  
At our first visit my husband and I had pasta which was nice even though the server was not attentive enough saying 'Enjoy' while walking away from our table.  
I took my wife to Dinner as an anniversary surprise. I had been to the fat Duck years before and thought it was vastly overrated so I should have known better. The restaurant is devoid of any charm and is brash and hard in decor. It presents more as a brasserie than fine dining. The parfait plum starter was delicious but presented crudely on a platter with a lump of bread. The other starter was extremely unimpressive (Chicken cheeks). The steak was equally uninspiring and my wife's haddock was cold and the sauce totally overpowering. The chips however were awesome!The drinks were way overpriced with a G&T at £20!! As a flexitarian I refused to pay nearly £50 for the only veggie option being a roasted cauliflower. All in all a VERY disappointing night and i spent the return journey apologising to my wife.  
We used to visit this restaurant over many years but since there have been a new management we have seen it deteriorated. We felt as if we were being rushed out over the last few visits and it wasn’t even closing time. During our last visit was the last straw as we had terrible service. The quality of the food has also gone downhill. We will not be going back there again. What a shame..  
My only complaint is the complete rudeness of the man serving us! Pizza was thrown down in front of us, no niceties. Had to ask for plates, also thrown down. Then the bill came whilst we were still eating our pizza, also thrown down. Just so rude and uncomfortable. The whole time I was eating the pizza I just wanted to complain about the way the bill was thrown down without it being asked, completely spoilt the meal plus really upset me. The service was just so appalling and shocking, I couldn't believe the rudeness of this man. He didn't look at us once or give us the slightest bit of general politeness. Outrageous!!!!  
Tried to eat at this pub yesterday evening after going to a concert at the Albert Hall. After explaining I have serious food allergies I was given an A4 folder listing the ingredients to all the meals. Fine at this point although it is always embarrassing having to sit with a file, why not put it on a menu ?  
We have frequented this restaurant over the last few years and have become regulars for breakfast/brunches as we live locally. 
We came here for a friend's birthday - they've been previously here and said breakfast and beverages were pretty good. 
Visited Prezzo, Wembley Designer Outlet on Friday 28 December 2018. That was the last day to take advantage of their 'kids eat for £1' offer. 
Shocking attitude! We arrived at the restaurant after rushing back from the theatre to try the new refurbed restaurant! We got there at 10:10pm after checking the restaurant was open until 11:00, it wasn’t very busy.  
Rude and arrogant owner and staff whom do not respect customers. If you are a woman though, you'll get attention: oggled. Food poor. Stay away. 
Well where do I start? Three of the party ordered soup of the day which was tomato. I use the word soup loosely - what was served was a very runny tomato passata sauce! I myself ordered the side dish of garlic bread but asked for it as a starter which didn't arrive until the others were already halfway struggling through their "soup". Also... Garlic bread?! It was a flat bread with no flavour at all, burnt and I suspect was really cardboard with a dusting of flour! 
On Saturday 16th July a friend and I decided to have a trip out to Twickenham,for a leisurely lunch.  
This used to be the best Chinese in the area. On my last visit some of the food was disappointing, especially the scallops in the scallop and ginger spring onion dish. They had been cut in to slivers the size of a pyjama button and all told did not add up to 3 whole queen scallops. Wine service too pushy, waitress uniforms very dowdy - all black. I have gone off Chinese, they have not moved with the times since the 1970's.  
So so rude! I am shocked how you can be rude. two host Girl with dark hair from the very entrance to the restaurant were So RUDE. This was the last time I was there with my family. 
I was disappointed with my trip here. The food I ordered seemed stale and was drowned in so much oil that I had to pick around it carefully. The pasta dish mentioned buffalo mozerella, for which I was served an entire cold ball on top of the warm penne. I mentioned to the waitress who didnt apologise but made her way to the kitchen where she said to the chef (I was within in ear shot) "too much oil!". I asked for the bill and was charged full price. 
SUNDAY LUNCH 6th NOVEMBER 2018 
Unfortunately I didn’t have a good experience. 
Came here today for lunch! Awful service! It was our server's second day, goodness only knows what she will be like when she has worked for them for a while! Her attitude was terrible! She cleared plates before everyone had finished, she didn't know the items on the menu, brought the wrong things, didn't give us a dessert menu! I could go on! Really spoilt it for us! 
I visited this restaurant and was surprised by the poor service, being ignored by staff and I had to wait quite a while for my change. The family next to me were also disappointed by the service. I won't be visiting again. 
Myself and my wife called here for lunch and were the 3rd table to be seated when the doors opened,we ordered our drinks,starters and mains and proceeded to wait, after waiting 15 minutes we enquirer when the drinks would arrive at which point we were served,a further 20 minutes later we enquirer about our starters which was only humous and was informed that the kitchen was behind with the cooking( the humous was premade and in the fridge and did not require cooking), after a further 10 minutes the starter arrived,by now from entering the restaurant 45 minutes had elapsed and after witnessing many people arrive well after us be served their cooked meals ,finish and pay for the food it was very obvious that the staff had lost control of the orders and the restaurant, after waiting a further 25 minutes and making serveral more polite enquiries about when the main course would be arriving,I was then told that if we could be a bit more patient it would arrive within the next 10 to 15 minutes, at this point I requested the bill and left the restaurant. 
Popped in for a spontaneous visit. Staff was not very attentive. Ordered a variety of food. Garlic bread with cheese came without cheese. Complained and they used the same bread back into the oven and melted cheese on top. I know this is a quick way to do it but it made the bread taste like cardboard. Also ordered aubergine parmigiana. Seems like they might have forgotten how to make it. It was still bitter and sauce lacked flavour. Not impressed. Not going back. 
Poor customer service from feisty waitresses. The food came out way too quick was almost like they stuck it in the microwave and forgot items of food. 
Came here for a meal with friends before an event at Wembley. Staff were really rude and unpleasant. Our main meals came before our starters and we got our drinks half way through our main meals. Really disappointed and angry with the service we received. Will not be returning due to extremely poor service and horrendous staff! 
Pros : Lovely Rustic décor, good food, decently priced 
With only 3 tables in for breakfast you wouldn't expect the service to be so slow and miserable especially this being the second chance visiting after an equally poor first visit. When the food arrived after what seemed an age it was cold and 2 of the four orders were wrong. Could have been worse at least we didn't have kids fed raw sausages like the table next to us! 
This was my second time going to this local restaurant which is usually highly recommended by people nearby. When we arrived the waiter seemed totally uninterested in serving, and gave vague responses to simple questions - the menu states - "ask waiter" for details of vegetarian options. Then he brought the wrong drink out - and we very nicely asked if he could bring the requested drink. Cue waitress who practically slammed our drinks down in front of us. Our food was average and I felt embarrassed to have brought a friend to somewhere where we were not treated very nicely. The waitress tried to crack a smile and it looked like the staff in the back were having their own issues. I'm definitely never going back. Much Much nicer staff opposite at the new Press Room Coffee shop who welcomed us with open arms after this unpleasant experience. 
Everything was rather...bland. The food, the staff and the atmosphere. I thought this place was going to be exciting and the food taste incredible seeing the other reviews, but I had the opposite experience. Very disappointing, be your own judge but I wouldn't recommend it personally. 
Whilst it looks great from the outside, don't be tricked as once inside the place and experience is one to avoid. When ordering coffees the waiter walked off mid sentence and barely spoke thereafter. Worse of all, they didn't have any decaf coffee. Not cheap either. If this is the best they can offer, try somewhere else 
Been once, last week, and wouldn't go again. Keep walking, nicer places down the road, and at the same prices. 
Having queued for nearly 45 minutes to get in (asked as I was with my autistic daughter (who doesn’t deal well with queues) if I could leave my name and come back later - to be told no, if I left I would have to rejoin the queue at the back. But 20 minutes later a family then jumped the queue as they’d left their name and then gone for a wander round the shops for half an hr?!?!).  
I was eating with my wife yesterday afternoon, I think it's the worst restaurant in all of London. we asked for a seafood spaghetti and a pizza margherita, 13 pounds for a spaghetti well cooked with frozen seafood I think you are the offense of Italian cuisine. the half-pizza is cooked half raw i sent back in 15 minutes after waiting for me to have my pizza.  
Didn't stay to eat as the service was appallingly rude. So dissapinting clearly they have no concern for customer experience!Guy waiting was more concerned about chatting to his mates at back of restaurant. We left and went elsewhere. Avoid this place would be my advice. 
Terrible food - raw inedible salmon in salmon penne - when re-cooked, no sauce and utterly tasteless, warm white wine, cold tea in a dirty cup, very unhelpful staff verging on plain rude and kitchen, which is on show to the public, is so filthy that environmental health wouldn’t be impressed. Would wholeheartedly urge you to eat elsewhere.  
Visited this so called restaurant after a Wembley game.  
This use to be one of my favourite London restaurant. I even wrote a favourable review few years back. However, due to some service issues I experienced, I have not patronized this restaurant again until now. I decided to try again against my better judgement.  
I was in Wembley Prezzo once before and food was nice. This time I was really disappointed. I ordered sea bass, which is my favourite dish there, but this time it was tasteless. It wasn't a sea bass i usually have. Also waitress made the impression that she was here for a penalty. I think Wembley Prezzo is a quantity not quality. I was only visiting London, my usual Prezzo is in Aberdeen and it's much nicer. On my next visit in London I definitely wont go back there. 
We visited this Prezzo on Sunday with the family, it was for lunch so the restaurant was not that busy is say about 6 covers. There was 4 waitresses on hand and all unproactive, I would have said it was disorganised. The restaurant is run down and you can see this in the furniture with the seats coming apart and the cutlery very warn to the extent that pasta was served to my 6 year old daughter on a cracked plate and this was the norm from the reaction of the staff. I think it's nice when you can see your pizza being prepered by the chef but sometimes even the chef forgets that he's on display and you can see pretty much everything (I'll say no more). This place is only worth a visit if you can quickly find a 40% off your main on Google and even then if you want quick in and quick out don't expect any customer service or cleanliness. For me and my family we won't be going back. 
I came to 'bellissimo' ( the Only italian thing is the name) a week ago and as italian person i Can say is not what I will call Italian food ......the service is bad not Italian atmosphere at all and the pizza was really bad the same as my friend' s main course......if you wanna a proper Italian food around the area go somewhere else and not in this 'plastic Italian place'  
a good athmosphere but food not great not italian at all and  
We went for lunch at this place, after we had eaten I told the waitress that we had an offer for the meal and she said that's fine. Then another waiter came by and told us we could not use the voucher as the other waitress had made a mistake, so I thought that was unfair as it was not our mistake and we ended up paying for her mistake. She basically let the table next to us pay for our bill and we were then left to pay for they're bill. I did not like the way this situation was resolved and I think this place is very poorly managed especially as it is based in Wembley.  
Booked in for 
I am mortified at the service and attitude that they delivered to us. After ordering a takeaway (as we always order our Chinese food from this venue), we received our delivery and was excited for dinner. After paying £25 pounds we realised we were missing two dishes. We phoned them back up and explained what we were missing and also we weren't annoying. We would of liked out money back to compensate or if they could delivery the missing dishes. They called us "liars" and said that we are "cheap thieves" and refused to drop the dishes let alone provide us with a refund. I am utterly mortified and shocked by their attitude towards their customers. We ate what we had which was fine but not brilliant because even the spare ribs had a hair in the sauce.  
Never have I ever been so disappointed by a pizza! None of my extras were on the pizzas, which themselves were ridiculously small. Probably worth 1 slice of a normal pizza. We tried calling the restaurant several times, nobody is answering. Super upset ans super hungry.  
Had the misfortune of ordering a take away last night.Food was not even warm.Don't think it been cooked recently.Even if it was free I would not lower myself.Prawns were greasy and cold,the fried food was crunchy and stale and did not taste right.Suspect if i had eaten this I would have been sick.NO apologie from the manager,just gave me my money back as soon as possible 
Pleasant, but tired staff. Who can blame them on minimum wage when there aren't enough staff. Cold food, slow service. Laclustre food. 
I'm a cheese and I came travelling with family, I thought I will feel happy to have a good dinner in a Chinese restaurant,but then I was really disappointed about the service and attitude of the waitress and the Boss.We booked a table for 7people few days ago but turn out they gave us a tiny table and even response very rude attitude.The boss and waitress are terrible,they not even willing to give us one more chair for putting stuffs. I won't recommend this restaurant, unless you want to be angry. 
On a family trip we visited Prezzo - half full when we arrived. Took about 35 minutes to get someones attention to order- ordered and then waited an age for starters. Food not to bad. But again another 45 minutes passed by- people on the next table even complained on our behalf as they left and suggested we be given free drinks as we'd waited ages- no drinks appeared. Staff rushing round however not appearing to deliver food- manager stood at till oblivious to chaos around him.  
Ordered some food last night, not only did they forget a dish, they tired telling us it was our fault even though we paid £8 for it and never received it. Not only was the food cold and fatty it contained hairs in one dish. The lady was so rude and kept putting the phone down when we tried to resolve the issue. Stay well away from this over priced horrible restaurant/take away, much better one's in the local area. Will never recommend or ever eat here again.  
We found hair in our meal. The waitress was acting ridiculous and was so rude. Never again. Even the manager didn't accept responsibility for his employees. 
Reading other reviews, this is a restaurant that knows its stuff and has a loyal client base. Many of them are our friends - so it seemed an obvious place for us to introduce our kids to Chinese food, combined with a Mothers' Day lunch, as part of Beijing's Sunday "All you can eat" offer. 
Went in today with a friend, ordered the pullenma or something it's called mushrooms with pasta basically. I had just started eating and found a hair strand, the girl serving us apologised and bought me another dish this time whilst I was eating something in my mouth didn't feel like food so toke it out and saw a little triangle little sized plastic thing it was, I saw the chef laughing when she approached him. Other staff members were sitting there with their headphones in!.. The worse thing was we were the only two there!. So it wasn't busy and to find these kind of things in my food j think is enough for me to decide I will never be going back there!. Horrible! Worst experience ever! 
Booked table four days earlier with Tasha via telephone. Turned up to be told by manager that they do not take bookings and that no table is free. Just que with the rest. What a joke 
Had a table for 2 booked using a Voucher given for a present. When we arrived I asked for a gluten free menu and was told the only option I had was pizza nothing else. We asked if we could reuse the voucher for a friend of family member as we couldn't eat and they said no as we booked it for that night. Discussed with the service and attitude of staff towards is. Was given a phone number to call to complain of which didn't work. Not sure if it was poor hand writing or deliberate but have never eaten at prezzo for this one off putting experience. Gluten free is not an option of me I am coeliac so not a fussy eater but made me feel awkward for not wanting to eat a pizza  
My wife and I tried this restaurant for the first time last night. We arrived at 9pm and were kept waiting in the entrance for 5 minutes while none of the bar staff or waiters acknowledged we were there. Meat dumplings were ok, spring rolls greasy. Sauce was ok (too much MSG) but beef can only be described as 'jellyfied'. Left a bad taste in the mouth. We asked for a chicken dish as a replacement, which turned up 5 minutes later. We thought the beef was bad, but the next dish in front of us was worse. Didn't even look like chicken, let alone taste like it. God knows who they're supplier is???? Couldn't eat it again. The staff didn't show much empathy all the way through. We eat out at once or twice a week and have never felt the need to write a bad comment on trip advisor before. Our advice is don't waste your hard earned money on this establishment. Dreadful. The only thing going for it is the parrot fish in the tank, they looked stunning. 
We were there with our 2 late teen early twenty children. It was pretty quiet - less than a third full but they failed to deal with our small group. The service was slow and not helpful one girl came after 2 minutes to take our order - we asked for a couple of minutes to look - big mistake, had to fight to get our order taken - and then we got the food 45 minutes later.  
Thought we would give this place a go as we normally opt for curry from mystica (which is always faultless) - food did come promptly however the order was wrong - phoned straight away and they said they would send out what was missing - however by the time it came we had finished the other food and didn't really want it by then. Also quality of the meat - especially chicken was poor, very rubbery and clearly not of decent quality. A shame as love a good chinese but won't be going here again. Back to trusty mystica and indians it is!! 
I went there recently with my daughter for lunch. The service was appalling, the restaurant wasn't busy, even though it was an event day in Wembley. I had Calamari that was probably from Iceland, it was dry and tasteless. We ordered our main, which they got wrong. I was supposed to have Salmon with Salad, I had tiny shavings of salmon, with an awful (not fresh, yellow) salad that really didn't look appetising. My daughter's food was left on the counter, whilst the waitress and her friend talked and chatted over it in what seemed like ten minutes. When the food eventually came in an empty restaurant, it was the wrong meal. We asked for it to be changed, only to find the chef have a hissy fit and didn't change it but slam it down on the counter. At that point, we refused to pay. The manager and assistant manager were useless. All in all, the cutlery and glasses are unclean, the food is extremely poor and the service is very poor. Would never go there again. Prezzo need to sort themselves out. 
i went with a friend after work she said she liked the food in prezzo but she never went to this branch in wembley so as it was near are home we went, i was well excited. 
After work me and my friends usually go for a pint at "The Goat Tavern". 
Horrendous service, over priced and minute portions. Wouldn't waste your money or time. I'd rather have gone to McDonald's, that's how bad it was. 
Went in expecting a lot, but the food was a complete let down. Ordered the Chinese vegetables (was said it was pak choi, but we got Choy sum), which had a strange sauce, tasted awful.  
Our family visited Prezzo before a show at the Arena. We dine out regularly but this reinforces our view that big chain restaurants really don't care about the customer. We had a multitude of mumbling waiters and waitresses who we basically had to stalk to get their attention and service. After waiting 40 minutes for coffee and one of the children's deserts, we gave up payed on the way out. Never again. Customer service and satisfaction is non existent there. Support local independent restaurants,  
I visited this restaurant with my friend and her 6 year old daughter having checked the website for vegan-friendliness, and booked ahead. 
I went to Prezzo at the Wembley outlet on a Tuesday evening with family. The place was largely dead and yet we had to continually call out to get any waitress service. Eventually we managed to get drinks and then had to shout some more to order starters. We then decided on our mains and again no sign of any waitress. After ordering our mains we waited an eternity before resorting to complaining. The waitress had no idea when the food was coming and responded abruptly with" I know you're waiting!" The grande finale was meals arriving incorrectly and being sent back, meals arriving late( the kids meals came when the adults had finished!) The food, when it did arrive, was also bland( compliments to the chef!) 
Spent 3 nights at this pub last week with a group of touring rugby players. First 2 nights were good and a group of about 20 of us had a few pints each and a meal on each night. Got chatting to the manager and she said make sure you come back after game on Saturday and we will take care of you. We all turned up Saturday night for a few more beers and a feed. Manager asked what the pewter mug I had was for I told her I got man of the match and everyone would be filling it up for me on the night. Manager said make sure you give mug to me and I will fill it. Good customer relations we all thought . When I got her to finally fill it I was about to walk away from Bar and she said who's paying for it!!!! I said I thought you were shouting she said no I can't do that. I queried why she said before she would she reckons she never said it. Only thing we could do then is we all left - all 20 of us. So they missed out on probably 60 more pints that night and we decided not to go back fro Sunday Lunch so another 60 pints and 20 Sunday dinners. The Manager or her boss need to learn how to keep well paying customers happy would of probably cost them 4 mugs of beer wasn't even as big as a pint either! The Goat can get stuffed. 
Ordered steak medium rear came fully cremated with no tomatoes partners fish and chips failed to turn up at all no customer service no one came to see if there was a problem or the meal was OK had to walk through the pub with the Neal to point out half of it was missing will never bother with the place again  
Met a friend for lunch and a wonder around the outlets at Wembley. We hadn’t realised when planning our day that there was a footie match that evening.  
Went there tonight to have some drinks with my family and we were sitting near the door! I looked down to pick up my purse and it was gone. Someone bent down right behind me and took my purse and within minutes there were charges on my credit cards. Some of us rushed outside to see if we could find someone and the bartender was just standing there having a cigarette doing nothing to help. The place sucks. Don't ever go there.  
Rugby Dinner - Not sure where to start !! 
The menu seems to offer a decent amount of Italian dishes , but I was disappointed . 
The food is so so, but the service is really terribly bad. The number of waiter is very low, compared to the number of customers they allow to book at the same time. As a result, the service is awfully slow. We have repeatedly asked for our bill, and have to wait almost 30 minutes. They even accidentally dropped my coat on the floor as they took out too many coats for customers at the same time (although I don’t think she took out that many, but since she dropped it, so I believed that she took out more than what she can handle.) With this kind of service, in my opinion,I sincerely believe that they don’t deserve any michelin star. 
We went to this tavern as it was very close to the hotel where we were staying. 
What originally started out as great anticipation quickly turned into extreme disappointment. Online booking accepted 3 times and then changed 3 times. Should of recognized the warning signals at this stage but sadly no. Food was sub standard, lacked any identifying factor of the core ingredient stated in some cases, and either bland or so salty it was inedible. The WOW factor of Heston turned into the WOW!!! for all the wrong reasons. Whilst the waitstaff were professional and attentive they bordered upon robotic. The waiting time between courses was substantial which was surprising based on the mass of kitchen and waitstaff.The chicken dish resembled a phallic symbol and quite frankly tasted like a poor quality chicken sausage. The accompanying jus was so over reduced it was pure salt. Our vegetarian friend was basically served celery & parmesan as a main course which was so excessively pickled it took her breath away. 4 people at a table and not one was excited by any dish served. Quite frankly the food lacked finesse, taste and was all served luke warm. I am more than happy to pay big dollars for a memorable dining experience and have done so on many occassions. With a price tag in excess of $700 for 4 people for 3 courses, $12.00 cups of coffee and alcohol markups in excess of 200%, one would expect a first class dining experience. I would also hope that I didn't have to find the nearest food outlet upon leaving because we were all still hungry. Save your money. This restaurant is just a name with some style but completely no substance behind it. Melbourne offers so many great dining experiences and unfortunately Dinner by Heston falls so short of the mark it's laughable.  
I visited this pub on Easter weekend. We ordered roast beef when it came it looked lovely until we cut into the beef - it was still raw! We returned the food and it came back covered in gravy this was obviously to cover up the fact they had just put the plate in the microwave as you could still see the pepper on the plate. We did not eat this and asked for our money back we will not be returning! Would not recommend this place for food! 
Went for a birthday meal, had starters then waited 45mins and still no mains, so we walked out. No one apologised or offered explanation. When we asked the said they were busy but the tables next to us arrived after us but got served before us. Ruined my birthday celebrations.  
Toilets out of order, no toilet paper. Absolutely disgusting.  
I have no idea how the food is here, we sat for nearly 30 minutes and didn't see hide nor hair of anyone to take our order, not even for a drink. My hunger outweighed anything else and rather than chew my own arm off we left. 
We came here for the first time since it changed hands last Sunday early evening, and after being greeted at the door and seated by a lovely older gentleman all seemed good. 
Very disappointed , went to get take out on New Year’s Eve , went in to order, the man serving me had no mask on , I was wearing a mask however he not keeping his distance and I could see the staff were not wearing masks ( people cooking) I asked how come you are not wearing masks ,he replies we are in a bubble didn’t feel comfortable ordering from here at all  
We found a long hair in our Patatas Bravas, when calling the restaurant, the manager was unbelievably rude and arrogant. No apology at all. He told us to go back to Just Eat and it wasn’t his problem! Just Eat do not cook and wrap the food...  
We weren’t welcomed as soon as we arrived, no one approached our table, we werent served or acknowledge at all by any of the staff.  
Worst meal we’ve had in decades. Took me a while to write this review because I don’t like to be negative but the memory remains. Very elaborate presentations but all hype, no taste. And very loud groups all around us, not noticing the food (happily for them...). 
Very poor meal chicken chow-mein 5 strips of chicken and beef curry so sweet tasted like sugar added rest of meal nice thanks special noodles, egg fried rice and chips  
After booking our table for 7 30 we arrived to be told no table was avaliable and to wait, when i asked where should we wait due to covid i was ignored whilst the manager greeted customers behind me and my companions, then guided them to seats. Not very covid free to stand by the door with others walking in next to you. 
went with a couple of friends had some wine and a couple of dishes we like to order some dishes wish took 30 mins to arrive then chat over a drink then order more food but the patatas bravas we ordered was really horrible it seemed like it had been heated up from day before so we mentioned it when he took away the plates we asked for another drink which was served then the Manager came and said we had to leave as we had been in there over 1.45 hours and that was Government covid guidelines , when we protested no-one had mentioned this not even the waiter when we booked in or when we booked on the phone and a couple of ladies on the next table were already eating when we arrived and were still there had also not been told about the times he said yes you were told and they are your governments rules and if we didn't leave he would call the police which he did ! I've been going there for over 20 years and I will never go back after being treated like that. 
Visited as a birthday treat. Had previously eaten here a few times before and very much enjoyed the experience however it was completely different. Food wasn't up to standard and the waitress wasn't friendly at all, she sounded very unenthusiastic. Some of the food was cold which we mentioned but was dismissed. The prices also seem to have gone up. 
cold atmosphere not a warm tapas bar it used to be, staff miserable, some of the food was microwaved, shame as this used to be a good night out, the new resturant is terrible other Tapas bars much better, wont visit again 
Arrived for lunch at 14:15. Was shocked when they refused to serve me. I suggested just having a main course. Apparently the chef was not taking any more orders. They advertise that lunch is served until 14:30. No apology, no offer of an alternative, not even a suggestion of somewhere else to eat.  
Didn't get a chance to eat at this restaurant.Rang and reserved a table for Sat at 1200.Turned up only to find that it was closed! Very disappointed. Don't understand why they took the booking. When I rang to ask - the guy on the phone confirmed that they are closed on a Saturday lunchtime, and if I wanted to eat at their sister restaurant (next door) they could transfer my booking there. Not impressed. I would have booked at their sister restaurant if that is where I had wanted to eat! 
Nice food but not great. The pate was nice. Everything else was ordinary. Nothing like better Foliage that preceded it at this venue. 
We stopped here for dinner on the early evening of Wed. Sept 17, 2019 as it was close to our hotel and looked like it might be good after looking at the menu. The place was nearly empty- only 2 other tables had patrons. It took a while for us to be seated by a young woman (who was dressed in jeans and a shirt that didn't look like she was supposed to be working there) she gave us menus, and then it looked like she disappeared into a basement or something? And then we waited. And waited. A girl was at the bar, and only one waitress. Another couple came in and were seated right away by the waitress. And we waited. No communication what so ever, no water, nothing. The place was empty- this was terrible service. So we got up and left, walked a little farther and found a charming restaurant with wonderful friendly staff and service. 
The food and service here are bad. Very bad. 
The portion is very small, chicken is dry, the rice is tasteless and bland, not fully cooked, take more than 15 mins to pay the bill. Hard to call someone to come over. Never again 
Good food... View from outside is great. A little on the pricey side but food is good. They also own a restaurant next door called La Collina also very good food. High recommend this to anyone.. Especially if you have a family. 
Almost 2hrs before sitting, I personally went into the restaurant to reserve a table for 8 and was told I didn't have to. Later, when we arrived to eat, we were placed at the very back of the restaurant-completely isolated and excluded from all the other diners and atmosphere. There were two empty tables of 8 further in. However, when I asked if we could be moved to one...I was told...they were reserved!!! 
Live very close to the restaurant and love steak, so have persevered with 4 visits now as I’m keen for the place to be a success.  
Very slow service ,food was over... 
Not impressed at all, the refurb seating plan is dreadful, tables so small you cannot even get your food on them, sitting on top of the table next to you!! Bar area is a joke, you stand there like a spare part. Very uncomfortable. Walk ins beware, you will be told table will be 10-20 mins, when its more like an hour. 1-10 will not be returning, oh yes food is good when you finally get to sit down 
I must say take all the bad reviews seriously. It's become a joke of a tapas bar. One girl pretty much takes the orders organises the place and finally when she gets a minute takes your name (through gritted teeth) to get you a table. Got there early tonight. About 6.30. So there were quite a few tables free still took half an hour to get a table. Can't understand why. Last week we walked out as we got there after 8. We were told 20-30 minutes , an hour later there were still 5/6 names on her pad waiting.  
Looked like the local place. Not value for money at all. According to their menu pictures we were in for a traditional British Breakfast and were disappointed in the preparation and taste.  
On hearing the restaurant had been refurbished my friends decided to check it out. I’ve not been in 6 years. You can’t book a table unless it’s for 10 or more. It was only the 3 of us. We got there at 730. We were told it would be a half hour wait so headed to the bar. We waited and waited. After asking countless times we were finally seated at 9.38pm. It is so loud with music in there you can’t hear each other talk. The food is still hit and miss and as soon as a plate is empty they whisk it away and start wiping the table while we were still eating. It’s very over priced for a tapas with no friendly atmosphere. I guess I’ll leave it another 6 years befor I go back. 
I must say that the refurb must of cost thousands, and when I entered into the restaurant, the first night it opened,it felt COLD, no atmosphere, and when I looked up at the ceiling, well if they call that a finished job, then I’ll be asking for a refund, it took months and and months to 
Arrived and most people sat with coats on. Asked for a warmer table but freezing in all places! Not asked if we wanted a drink for 25 minutes. Told 3 members of staff we were ready to order and all were rude and kept saying someone would come. In the end we walked out and went to the Italian next door which was warm and service friendly and welcoming. 
We had a selection of tapas/drinks on an early Saturday afternoon. 
Booked Sunday lunch for a party of 10. Food and service was shocking two meals sent back one twice. Poor service was due to lack of staff serving. Other guests too embarrassed to comment. Embarrassed as a host and would not go then ever again. Complained at the time and subsequently response was poor. Go elsewhere. 
Wrong food! 
We were excited about going to a ‘proper’ steak restaurant in Twickenham. 
Went for dinner with my husband and two of our friends it was over priced and the food was disappointing. One of the steaks was way over cooked, if you are a grill then it should do an amazing steak. The mac & cheese was pasta and milk! My burger was tiny and had no flavour. It literally looked like a slightly better Big Mac! Chips were nice. There are so many staff but service is terrible we asked 5 times for a bottle of wine 
Food was cold . Was reheated poorly . Not an enjoyable experience overall. Out of five white wines two were unavailable 
extremely rude and condescending door man. Having been in on many occasions and support local businesses newly into Twickenham. Was told there was a 30 min waiting time, but space at the bar, and then quite amazingly was told other bars are down the road to go to. As we could see people leave the M-Bar, one would suspect we could go in, BUT NO. Totally ruined what was otherwise a lovely day. I SHALL NOT BE GOING THERE ANYTIME SOON. 
Lovely setting and atmosphere but bad food! It took 45 minutes to arrive, my friends chicken was pink and my burger was sloppy and uninspiring. The sticky toffee pudding was luke warm and not very nice. Maybe they were having an off day, dissapointing...... 
The much looked forward "meat fruit" turned out to be a major letdown: the rancidity from the oil proved too much to bear and I could not even finish half of it.One poker faced waiter explained it may be due to the strong smell of the plum.Didnt help me much.Still tasted rancid to me.The rest of the dinner was ok.But would have expected a better response from a two star michelin restaurant.Overall , a disappointing experience. 
The disappointment started with the serving of bread. Which was stale, tasteless and felt like I could’ve broken my teeth on the rock hard crust. The wine was all over priced. I had the meet fruit starter which tasted just like normal pate. In fact they should’ve served this for two people as it was too rich for one person. I had the duck breast main which was delicious but the dish was overwhelmed by the bitterness of the cabbage and sourness of the cherries. I had the pineapple dessert which was delicious but was it 2 Michelin star level?  
We rang to book a table. “We don’t take reservations but it’s not busy.” 
Service and food very poor cod dry rudely served not going back until they get back to top quality cooking not even full on Saturday night and still terrible service don’t take your customers for granted. 
This is not real Spanish food, quality and taste below than average, only the restaurant's interior itself feels Spanish. 
Such a terrible shame this place use to be amazing everyone always spoke very highly of this young buzzing place. What a shock to come back after a couple of years to find poor poor service we waited 2 hours for a table and when we asked the manager said we were not on his list and it wasn't his problem his attitude stinks!! He was running with sweat and I did not see him smile at anyone or welcome anyone. He did not apologise to us all ( it was our silver wedding anniversary) he didn't even offer a free drink we were finally served at 10.20pm we had 2 dishes each and then had the pleasure NOT of it costing us 120.00 each couple disgusting service we will NEVER return unless the management go so wish we had gone to the Epsom tapas staff are lovely there!!  
This used to be the most fantastic place to eat & meet, it was like being actually on holiday in Spain with a fantastic atmosphere & ambience. Now, I'd rather sit in the middle of croydon high street eating cat food. Staff are surly and ignorant, food very poor, drinks overpriced and clientele straight out of a young offenders home. Get it back together owner as you once had a beautiful bar, now a place for those mutes who can't afford to go away or have been away. 
I have been to Las Fuentes a few times in the past and it was alsways pretty good. We thought we’d try it again after the refurb. First impressions, bar way too small for the amount of customers. Kind of organised chaos! You could get to the bar by leaning across the people that were sat on barstools, badly organised if you asked me.  
BAD Service. We had dinner on a Sunday & were sharing food. 3 out of 4 of us had very bad food poisoning & we were scheduled to Paris the next morning. We suspect it was the rubber sirloin steak which we also suspect not really sirloin steak at all. We feedback on the spot but the service person just shrugged off. We also had to walk to counter to pay & they don’t accept pennies so pls be prepared! Don’t really recommend at all! 
We went to Dinner to celebrate our 5 year anniversary, and I wish we hadn't. 
Terrible place to eat. My husband and I went for dinner last night, I ordered rotisserie chicken in BBQ sauce with chips, coleslaw and corn. When it arrived it was cold, I told the waitress and she apologised and said she would get me a fresh meal. 5 minutes later she returned with the same meal I had, reheated in the microwave. I was not happy and refused it. She did apologise again but not what I would expect from a family restaurant.  
My experience was dreadful. Sat down at 7.30, first order taken at 8.20, starter arrived 9.10 except mine, had to be reordered. Main course arrive 9.50, one person already left, mine did not arrive again, had to be reordered, was very dry and unpalatable. 10.45 asked for desert order at which point three of us left to go home. Not sufficient staff to cope with number of people. Letter of complaint sent, no reply so no manners, no customer consideration, I am surprised anyone bothers to go there. I certainly won't be going again and would not recommend it. 
Really awful, would not recommend. The food is bland and not matching the description on the menu! Club sandwich is more like a stack of bread and the salmon Niçoise salad is a bowl of expensive lettuce and water! The toilets are grim and have screws sticking out ready to poke an unfortunate customer. Over priced and not good! Avoid! 
Used to be my local restaurant of choice for many years with great food and service but definitely no more! 
I arrived at 9:30 on a Monday morning, it was not particularly busy but I waited 35 minutes for somebody to take my order. The mug I was given with the pot of tea did not look clean. By the time the food arrived at 10:25 I was ravenous, the omelette I ordered was not up to standard (see photo which was taken as soon as the food arrived) I felt very let down after having to wait 55 minutes to receive any food. I didn’t end up finishing the omelette and I would not go back. 
Arrived 7.30am, only one other table in the restaurant occupied. Ordered eggs Benedict. Took ages to arrive. Eggs were grossly overcooked, akin to hard-boiled. Hollandaise sauce was a gloopy imitation of the real thing. Served on a piece of bread rather than English muffin. Whole thing really awful. Used to go to Garfunkels all time for breakfast, never again. 
Came here for a mid week dinner, arrived and seated on a very small table. Decided to get a jug of Sangria, waited for a server to take our order..this didn't happen so after about 10 minutes of being ignored by waiters we resorted to ordering our drink at the bar. We finally got a bread basket and asked for a dish of oil and Balsamic, we had to ask 3 different people to get this. 
What a terrible shame.. 
Wait staff extremely rude. We were made feel rushed and the waiter actually asked us to leave our table and sit at the bar to finish our drinks. This was at 6pm so there was plenty of other tables free for guests. The food is not near the standard it was a couple of years ago. Bland and cold. Will not be returning again. Very disappointed. 
If you are looking for real Spanish tapas, this is not the place to go. 
Table booked to eat before a show. On arrival it was very pleasant. Staff seemed attentive. Waited quite a while for drinks. Then waited over an hour for food, we didn't order starters as we were cautious of time. We asked how long to wait. Was told a minute... 
Very disappointing. Meat was lukewarm and arrived immediately after the starter was finished. I sent mine back and got another steak almost straight away. Vegetables were lukewarm too and the chips too crunchy to eat. We felt the waitress was patronising..... 
Ordered Garlic chicken and it's cold! Order Diet Coke and waited for 15 mins! Ask three different waiter to chase for it and finally got it! Really? Never come back again! 
FAKE BBQ CHICKEN AND FAKE TOFFEE WAFFLES?!? Wtf. Also a nice wiggly worm in another waffle- we don't want to eat worms. But, I did get a nice refill on my drink which was nice XD  
The positives- good service from attentive attendants. Lovely decor. Nice ambience & atmosphere.  
Don't go here. Just don't. Besides the fact it's a tiny hole surrounded by much better and more interesting restaurants, the food is average and the service is poor. My favourite part of the night was when the manager yelled at ME because they had taken over an hour to serve basic, meagre food.  
Poor poor poor, been going here since it opened! Such a terrible shame that it has gone so downhill and we will not return again. Management have let this place slide. Staff are rude, unfriendly, they did not make customers feel welcome just like we were an inconvenience. We use to go here at least once a month and spend the best part of 60.00 per person. The last three times, they have added extra things to our bill ....last night it was a Bottle of wine, 4 extra beers, 2 extra dishes, that we did not have and when challenged they just say it's a mistake it was for another table ????? Never sorry!!!! Never sorry have a complimentary whatever? Just a shrug and " it happens" ... Poor poor poor! Food prices have also gone through the roof approx 3.00 extra a dish eg: 7.00 for asparagus and ham 7.00 for spinach , dishes are smaller too. Last Saturday night the place was empty which reflects how Downhill this tapas bar has gone, my family and friends will no longer go here as its know as a rip off ... Such a shame as the food is still very good just way overpriced- having said that the quality does drop on occasions and it's not as good as it was. So sad that this place is no longer what it use to be. When we asked for a cab at the end of our meal they said one minute so we asked for our bill and waited. After 10 mins we asked if they had booked a cab he said it will be 40 mins confused we said ok can we order a drink whilst we wait "no we are shut" he said and this was at 11.10. People were coming in the door I now realise they were all family members of the staff inclu children and bar staff were getting them drinks. He told us to go to the train station and wait for a cab!!!! They had our money and were put out we had challenged them. If you are looking for a friendly place with a good atmosphere nice food and drink at a reasonable price I would avoid this place ... Unless of course you are a relative of someone that works there then you be well treated ...... Such a shame. 
Sat for almost 20 minutes. Was not that busy, never was served water let alone a beverage and never was given a food menu. Obviously was not worth there time.  
Absolute disgrace they are not family friendly at all! they couldn't be bothered to label the changing / disabled facilities so was stuck latching baby on in the toilets.  
Our waitress was too busy putting dishes away and setting silverware to wait on our table. The restaurant was not busy. We ordered a variety of food; pasta, wings, burger. Food was edible, but not enjoyable. No tissue in the women's room, men's room was out of order. Will never go back, will recommend others steer clear.  
Looked at menu online and appeared varied. We chose chicken as supposed to be spit-roasted - with accompaniment of baked potato and corn on cob. Chicken was as dry as a desert, skin anemic obviously not off a spit and with a smearing of BBQ sauce on top. The baked potato was not sufficiently cooked and tasteless and cob was mini. Came with one pat of butter - took several asks for more. The only saving grace was that when they realised we didn't enjoy, we weren't charged for food. We now know why menu is extensive - not fresh. 
I usually emjoy eating in GArfunkels but thought Id try something different in the linguine a big mistake will stick to the lasagne or burger in future 
Went there for a friends birthday, we expected to wait because they do not do booking and we were a large group 12people. We asked the manager how long the wait would be, told us 45minutes to 1hr which we were happy to wait. 1hr 30 minutes later no table and so we asked him and he kept saying 5minutes/10 minutes, went up to speak to him him several time and every time he would give the same answer 5/10 minutes. 2hr 30 min later still no table. 3 hrs later we finally got a table. He apologised for the wait and promised us he "would look after us". The service just kept getting worse and worse, they would come out with out food and just put the plates on the table, (i guess it is now our job to serve ourselves at restaurants). End of the night came and he came over to me and gave me the bill. £300!!!!!!!!! so i kindly said to him that he promised he would loook after us, then he said oh sorry i forgot. He came back and too my shock he had taken of £8.70. Not even £1 per person. We tried to speak to him and eventually he started squaring up to me and wanting to have a fight...... END OF THE DAY TERRIBLE SERVICE, LONG WAITING TIMES, RUDE MANAGER, RUDE STAFF..... DO NOT EAT THERE IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD NIGHT!!!!! 
Don't bother with this restaurant. My partner and I went on Saturday evening for what we thought would be a lovely romantic meal. It's like you're reading about another restaurant when reading the good reviews! The food was cold when it came out, not to mention completely tasteless! And when you think it can't get any worse the manager was so rude and obnoxious and not only to us when we asked where our wine was (after waiting 25 mins!!), we heard him kicking off at someone in the restaurant in the most unpleasant and hostile way! He didn't care who heard him. We couldn't wait to get out of there! Toilets were really unclean too! Unsatisfactory on so many levels!! Avoid, avoid, avoid!  
I went there as it was close to my hotel. Asked for a tabel for one. And was simply dismissed. And told that there was no free tables! But half the restaurant was free 
Asked for a pint of lager which came to the table a third empty, finished our mains the waiter came over and asked did we want desserts which we replied yes please the next minute the waitress presented us with the bill. We said that we wanted desserts to which we encountered a verbal exchange of words with the waitress we cancelled the desserts paid the bill and left. Please avoid this place staff need re training as clearly don't understand customer service or the values of the customer.  
Booked a table for 6 and arrived a few minutes early which they soon seated us then were very slow taking the order (tables seated after us were served before us) the food was okay but the waitress was very rude and slow so much so we left without desert due to her attitude.  
Possibly the worst meal ever. The only bright spot was the young waiter who took our order and sorted out our drinks. I would advise that he leave. We ordered two bacon and cheese burgers. They arrived with a flourish in that the waitress dropped them (yes dropped them) on the table, spun on her heels and left without a word. The bap was cold (almost freezer cold), the bacon was almost charcoal and the burger - well its hard describe this greasy grey slab of fat as food. So grey that it made the cheese look green, but maybe it was? Needless to say that we didn't hang around for deserts, but left really disappointed. 
Arrived on Sun morning for breakfast. Waitress was miserable and rude.  
I have been going here for years and have always enjoyed my time. However on Friday I went for a family meal and received such rude & appalling service that me and the family will never be eating here again. 1 of our meals was missed and not brought out until the rest of us had eaten. Mistakes happen and this is not a problem but then when asked why the delay as we were not told anything and left waiting the manager apologised and said it would be taken off the bill. Bill came at the end and we were still charged, manager called over again and was extremely rude said that that 'it’s only £15 and mistakes happen and he is not removing it from the bill it’s pathetic'. Appalling service will not be eating here again and to end the evening even more perfect two people from the party were up being sick all night from the food!! 
We visited this restaurant after a recommendation, it was very busy but that shouldn't excuse the rude service we received from our waiter. We had starters that were only just warm enough to eat and then on ordering 6 mains (3 of which were paella) only 4 arrived together with 2 of the paella's missing. There was no explanation to begin with and after asking twice where the meals were, with a shrug of his shoulders the waiter said there had been a mistake and they were cooking them now so what more could he do, no apologies at all. They turned up once the rest of us had finished eating, obviously hurriedly cooked and burnt to the point where they couldn't be eaten. The bill came up with only 1 paella taken off and we'd been charged for french fries we hadn't received and we could tell they were annoyed at having to take the paella off the bill. The waiter was very off hand and rude. It was almost as if we should be grateful to be eating in their restaurant and how dare you complain. The drinks were slow coming with other tables going to the bar to be served as were fed up of waiting, and when they did arrive were just put on table to distributed amongst ourselves. Definately won't be rushing back there. 
We had a table for 7 at lunchtime...the service was indifferent at best which in itself is no big deal but the food...oh my gosh, the poor food...bland, overpriced...who charges £ 8 for a bowl of hummus? And £6 for two slices of badly grilled halumi?? We asked for our food to come together but instead it came in dribs and drabs with some bits gone cold before the third request for vegetables arrived...the apple juice was a promised non event .....though the chap was sorry that there was tartare sauce from the shop up the road to liven up the very tired calamari......it was sad really because you could feel the contempt for the tourist one off visitor who probably wouldn’t be going back and yet, you could tell, this was once a place of quality....save your money, buy some hummus and pitta from the petrol station up the road and sit in the park....the place needs to review its business model and treat people with a degree of regard ..... 
that has got to be the worst ever restaurant i have ever been 
I visited here with my girlfriend, sister and her fiance from their advise that when they had eaten here a few years ago that it was lovely and the food was great. Unfortunately we were all extremely disappointed. Firstly the service was appalling and we were not asked for the entire meal if we needed more drinks/bread or if the food was okay (which it wasn't). I had to raise my hand in the air and call someone to get their attention. The food came very quickly after we ordered which at first we thought was very good. Then my sister noticed them putting nearly every item in the microwave, including rice! Upon consuming the food we discovered probably 50% of it was frozen and probably the same quality that you would find in Iceland. The crab croquettes were so processed I felt sick after eating one. We then had to call someone over because one of our orders hadn't arrived (an extortionately priced beef skewer) and were told it wasn't written down on the order but they would get it straight away done medium rare. When it arrived about 15 minutes later the meat was raw, and still cold in the middle. I then had to find another waiter to send it back and asked them to now do it medium as they obviously don't know what medium rare means. A replacement came with a grumpy looking waiter who dumped it on the table. The meat was overdone and tasteless. 
We normally go to another tapas bar in Croydon where the service is much friendlier and attentive and unfortunately couldn't go there for convenience sake .  
We went into the restaurant and the tall, thin male maitre D with glasses approx 60 years old was a really arrogant, gruff unfriendly type who was there to hawkishly rip people off. He suggested that we have the dover sole for £40(!!!) when the price was very unclear on the menu. £214 for 4 people, no wine and a few starters, kleftico and a salad. This place thinks it’s Zuma or something. It’s a shabby, dirty out of date tourist trap. So angry they charged £40 for the small fish dish! Such a rip off!!! Stay clear unless you are feeling flush and want to pay way over the odds for really mediocre Greek food 
Tried to enjoy dinner here, as it gets high rating and our hotel is located right next door. Well. It doesn't even deserve a single star because we didn't even get a menu. Which sucks because the menu looked great but not even a hello from a server in 20 minutes of waiting at a table without even a menu is a joke for any establishment.  
The hamburger patty was not of a high standard. The taste, look and consistency of the patty was sausage-like. Far from fresh, minced meat the meal was disappointing. The fries were OK. I didn't complain just mentioned (when asked) that I didn't find the meat quality good. Right away the hamburger was deducted from the bill. 
In short, the waiters were miserable, they didn't deliver all of the dishes we ordered, and then charged us for food and drink we didn't even order. I would give it a miss if I were you!! 
We went on a recommendation. We had 2 starters, 2 fish dishes and a bottle of wine for 36 pounds. And we paid 164 quid for two!!!! 
20 minutes we were waiting for drinks  
Dined on Saturday 20th August. 
We have eaten here twice on our trip to London. The first time the food was ok and the service very slow. The second time it was very busy and the food and service was just terrible! The chicken dish was barely cooked! Totally raw on the inside. The manager did come out but spoke to the table behind ours. He didn't even notice their confused looks they were giving him. When the waitress is busy or rushed, she gets very rude. We will not be eating here again! 
After reading great reviews we were looking forward to grabbing some breakfast here however we were left thoroughly disappointed. The service was perfectly fine, friendly & welcoming. However the food was disgusting. We both had the eggs Benedict and then shared the pancakes and bacon. Our plates were warmer than the food, the 'toast' (warmed bread) was barely toasted and was drowned in a heavily seasoned hollandaise sauce .It did seem rather expensive however considering the area and the fact that you did get a decent portion size it wasn't too bad. 
This place is disgusting. the boss is a horrible rude man, the food is overpriced and average quality. And they tried to over charge us on the bill that they write out by hand to make it easter to do so. I've read a lot of reviews about them doing it at this place.  
I love to see small businesses thrive, however this is more like someone opening their front door and selling cakes! 
The restaurant closed months ago. Just a few tables and chairs left overlooked by those waiting for their take aways. 
This place has now gone. I'm really disappointed it was a lovely shop well worth the effort and time it took me to get there 
So ordered sat night 15 aug arrived and straight away phoned to say 2 bags prawn crackers inedible the woman agreed wiv me and blamed on chef saying I told him to change brands quite amazed then went to try ribs super dry tasted old never had to throw duck away but the half we ordered again so dry and old pancakes super slimy £60 and a nice sat eve ruined never again 
Maybe it was the COVID, with exhausted, overwhelmed staff...... but believe me: laughably, lamentably bad in every, conceivable way. From reception, to service, to environment, to oh yes, food. Oh dear oh dear oh dear. Never, ever, again. 
I am very picking with my food its got to taste good I got fish and chips my husband got savoloy and chips and got the kids pie we all started eating and it was horrible I found a hair in my chips and everyone complained and it not tasting fresh come on but I wont be going their again  
Popped in to order a takeaway as we wanted to try the food since the restaurant has changed hands & we like to support our local businesses although it is very difficult at times, unfortunately the same has to be said for this place the food was not good! I had jerk chicken rice & peas which for a Caribbean chef is very simple so it surprises me how badly they do this! No seasoning in the rice & the sauce on the chicken was Levi Roots! I know my food I run a large catering business myself & I have many years experience as a chef. The fritters we ordered both the salt fish & vegetable we’re disgusting very very greasy & when the food is cold that doesn’t help! Yes all the food was cold & we only live a 5 minute walk from the restaurant. The chicken & the fish was pre- cooked you don’t have to be an expert to know it wasn’t cooked fresh. Another local business that won’t receive our custom or hard earned cash again!  
Probably the worst take away I’ve ever had. Had I not been going out I would have returned it. Quality of the ingredients was very poor and given the price of the dishes that’s really. I won’t be back.  
Horrible experience, staff is rude, they forgot our drinks and didn't explain the dishes on request, giving us attitude rather than service.  
Tonight, 06.11.16 
Walked into this establishment with my mate done all the usual track and trace barperson saw us waiting at the door after 5 minutes no acknowledgement from said bar person so went to walk to a table and was spoken to like dirt on my shoes this said bar person really needs some training on customer service walked out will never return this was on Monday 17 aug at about 16.00 
Had a meal here .staff very rude. And the meal the fish wasn't cooked properly was ill for days I would not recommend this restaurant 
My first experience with this company - Regular fish and chips. 
Took our Grandaughter to Yangtze as a treat to introduce her to Chinese food. Excellent the food was great and the staff really spoiled her. We all had. A great evening. We will be back 
At first we get a table at the front that was very uncozy. The staff run around us in a circle and we didn't get a minute to ourselves. Then the food came in. We ordered saganaki as a appitiser and it tasted like haloumi plus it was only two small slices. I ordered the moussaka and it tasted nothing and I couldn't even eat the whole thing. It was disgusting. The staff was completly unproffessional and snotty but the most terrifying was that me and my friend got foodpoisoning. We couldn't even hold it in. It bursted out when we came home... It was poo on the walls. Poop everywhere.  
They used to serve very good fish and chips from here but unfortunately the food has been terrible lately, we have been getting our takeaway fish and chips from here (Enfield Town Branch apparently they have 2 shops), since they opened and most of the times they have been good but the last couple of months the quality of their food has been awful ! And We noticed lots of arguments between the staff over the last 6 months, Anyway We ordered cod and chips and fish goujons with mushy peas, the cod and the fish goujons were very badly overcooked and the chips must have been sitting there in the chip tray for hours !!! Everything was cold! And even if the chips were hot, unfortunately someone forgot to throw away the green ones which made up half the portion! So after dumping most of our food in the bin and wasting £17 on rubbish, we have decided to use a different local chippy who is a owner/fryer and takes a bit more pride in what they serve. And we are glad we won't here that awful Annoying recorded message by a lady! We have wasted too much money here over the years, the food has to be good all the times! Not sometimes! people pay good money and expect good quality food in return. 
Dreadful, got shut down after a 1 star food hygiene rating. Widely known fact that they cook a lot of food for the restaurant and the take out in the flat above, where they live. Swerve! 
I have been to fish and chips loads of times and pretty good except sometimes the curry sauce was not very thick. 
If you are Greek or if you've been to Greece, you know Greeks are usually kind and with positive energy.  
This restaurant was so hyped up myself and my friend thought it would be amazing. We had the milk fed lamb which was very expensive and thought it would fall off the bone. Instead, we got a dry leg of lamb with no flavour. The potatoes were not very nice either, and I can roast better potatoes myself. We had to ask for more gravy (which was actually meat juices) to make it more edible. The Greek coffee was OK but the Baklava and Tiramisu which were awful. The waiters were not very friendly and seemed to want to get rid of us as soon as the meal was over. For a restaurant that was meant to have had celebrities and VIPs visit, it really isn't up to much. The toilets were freezing cold and the water barely running and freezing to wash our hands. The carpet on the stairs was smelly and worn out. Awful place and awful staff/owners. Never again!! 
The last time we ate there we had to send back the grilled sea bass it was a miniscule dried up and inedible would not go any more shame because we used to go every weekend but the service and food went down in quality 
First, check your bill! They will try to RIP YOU OFF in many ways! They include service charge twice, always!! They will include extra things in you bill more than once... And this was not a mistake.  
Pushed review button by accident, but here goes!! 
Myself and 2 mates decided to go for dinner and ended up picking this place so we went in had a drink ordered food was very slow for what we ordered then when it did land one of the mains was cold but ate it anyways because of such a wait in the first place chips average and then the cod i ordered the batter was that hard it actually chipped one of my teeth so that was enuf for me so called for bill as if I wasn't bad enough I was hit with a £65 bill for fish and chips and 2 pies and drinks that's a joke never again keep your money and head to bush hill park you will get the same food plus £50 better off and much better food !  
My husband and I had brunch here yesterday and were very disappointed with the food. Did not taste great at all and ingredients weren't fresh. Waste of money really. I would suggest trying anywhere else in Wimbledon! 
Just called in for takeaway chips and the server didn't have a clue about proper customer service. I did complain and the manager promptly replied and offered a voucher which I won['t be using as I won't be going back.  
If you want to have some overcooked meat, terrible service, and a bill which was handwritten by the owner, then come here. Not even real Greek food. And is not even cheap either. I'd not come back even if they pay me 
My family made a booking and visited Halepi in early Friday evening and were underwhelmed. The staff just wanted to cycle us "Tourists" through as quickly as possible so that they could make our table available again. The prices are high so I would have expected a better attitude than the surliness and annoyance that we were still there. To the food: Starters - wide selection but very limited choices for sharing across our family. Mains - kebabs - nothing special about the Specials. Moussaka - bland, zero of the richness one would expect - could have bought a better ready-made one from M&S. 
On a £49 bill they increased 'by mistake' to £65. When asking the manager for explanations and told him not to charge the service,response was 'ok but don't come back anymore', never in my life I have seen something like this. 
It was noisy, we were moved tables twiced de spittle having made the reservation over 2months ago. And even then our food & drinks was cleared before we could even finish just so that they could get another group of customers in. The food is nothing to write hope about they didn't even have any mixed mezzes and there was nothing special about the Lamb Kebab just a couple of skewers of lamb with some onions & peppers I would say that's standard not special. 
We have been here before, and it was ok. The service we received from Anita was acceptable. When we sat down I noticed the table we were at had broken & wobbly legs (next to the Gents loo), also my chair was broken the same. We ordered drinks, and I am sure my Amstel was not that beer, but a cheaper brand. We then ordered food, and my choice of Tempura Fish & Chips was sold out (how? fish & chips is surely a staple for pubs). Anyway I settled for the Baked salmon. I was shocked when it arrived. It was supposed to be with Ras-El-Hanout spices, but this was obviously slathered with balsamic vinegar. Also I like my veg al dente, but my broccoli was so raw I couldn't cut it. This plate of food could have been prepared by a child. I ate most of the salmon (disgusting), we paid and left. I will personally NEVER eat at any All Bar One again. Very dissapointed. Wimbledon is full of bars/restaurants who will accept my money. To make matters worse 'Customer Care' sent us a £10 voucher to use in THEIR bars again - our bill was > £38, need I say more? 
We came here with the family to have a pleasant lunch. The waiter was so rude and would not allow us to take time while reading the menu. He asked us to hurry up although we only had the menu for less than a minute! The food was good but the place is very smelly and the tables could definitely be cleaner. I would never recommend the place to anyone. 
Went for a dinner with a friend last night.  
I called up earlier today and said I was coming in this evening. On arrival there were signs saying it was going to be closed at 6pm for a private event. I spoke to the manager and said it would have been helpful if they could have told me over the phone if it was closing earlier. He had the worse ever attitude - he was extremely rude and arrogant. Still can’t believe how badly he spoke to me. Obviously he doesn’t value customers!  
My friend and I visited All Bar One for drinks tonight as an alternative to our usual Friday night haunt in Wimbledon. All went well until we finished our drinks and snacks. Within a couple of minutes of our glasses and crockery being taken away, the waitress brought the bill and asked us to pay. My friend and I were quite surprised and my friend asked if she needed the table back. The waitress said no, and that if we wanted something else we could order it but otherwise we needed to pay the bill. I frankly don’t think I have ever experienced such rudeness in a restaurant or bar before. It is usual to ask customers whether they would like to order anything else before bringing the bill, and to ask customers whether to bring the bill. I’m astonished. Either All Bar One are deciding to be rude to their customers to get a very quick turnover on tables, or they are training their staff poorly. I’ve lived in the area for 20 years and have never experienced such poor service at All Bar One or anywhere else! 
 I came in on a Sunday afternoon and was refused service because I came with a baby. Even though the restaurant was almost entirely empty and there was significant space for the baby, I was still refused service. The owner was very rude and disrespectful in dismissing me out of his restaurant, I quote "I refuse to feed you". Needless to say, I will never be visiting this restaurant ever again. I would recommend Lemonia in Primrose Hill, which offers a much better customer service and delicious recipes.  
This place have hidden cost which is not clear to customers. One have to pay for seats aside the 12% service charge as per your orders  
Went in on 23/08/2018 at around 17:00 for some drinks with friends. Waiter at the time was very rude and and not welcoming at all. Made me feel so uncomfortable and he was very patronising.  
Expensive and very average food. My tip for the best fish & chips around, go to Ocean Restaurant in Waltham Cross. 
This is not a Greek restaurant. 
I bought fish and chips for dinner and we were disappointed to say the least. The fish was tasteless and overpriced. To add insult to injury, i was shouted at by a short man with greyish hair whilst waiting for my order. Horrid experience. Terrible service. 
My family (2 adults + 2 kids) tried out "Fish and Chips" recently on a busy Saturday night, having heard good things from our friends. We had only one issue to handle, which is that my wife does not eat fish (but wanted to treat her family who do like fish). She chose a selection of starters and side dishes, which we expected to have no problem with since clearly she was spending money in as best a way that she felt she could. 
the whole family came here for the birthdays of my mum and girlfriend and spent a fortune on wine and food. we had brought a couple of birthday cakes with us as a surprise but when it came to deserts the staff would let the birthday girls see the cakes but not serve us with any. i was too stunned to ask why, i can only assume they wanted to drain a few more quid from us for their deserts. the foods nothing special but i'd be concentrating on how to treat customers properly as however good they can make the food if you give people an experience like we had you'll never have any coming back to eat it. 
Went here on a recommendation, 2 bar staff 20 min wait for a drink, empty/dirty glasses everywhere. Toilets broken. Lady behind the bar in black (Italian) looked so fed up and uninterested. Won't be coming back or recommending. Not even that busy!!! Seriously  
Yesterday evening I dined here as part of a Christmas party. 
Went there for light snack and drink, ordered patatas bravas and wine, plus some pesto sticks. The small amount of patatas bravas came looking like small cubic chips - that is, not cooked in a tomato sauce as expected. I checked the menu and there it stated that they would be cooked in a spicy tomato and pepper sauce, as is normally done. Pointed this out to the rather cold and unapologetic waitress who tried to explain that they, er, sprinkled something on it (what?). When I pointed out that these were still not patatas bravas, but chips, she rather dourly agreed and asked if there was anything she could do to put it right. By this time (having been nibbling on the tiny chips - I was hungry) it didn't seem worth it, but she brought me a very small dish with about three teaspoons of some pinkish sauce in it. No apology, no refund, so it was over £5.00 for some chips. Here, at All Bar One, Wimbledon you have a chef who not only does not know what patatas bravas are, he has not even read his own menu! And a waitress who obviously thought I was a real inconvenience. Suggest they have a think about how they treat their customers. And get the chef a bit of training. 
Take note - All Bar One Wimbledon refuse entry to Hearing Dogs. I had two staff ask me to leave, even after explaining a Hearing Dog is an Assistance Dog, and has the same rights as a Guide Dog. One even laughed at me. Where is the respect for customers and for disabled people? Where is the Health & Safety training? The manager doesn't give a toss either. Totally disgusted. You should be ASHAMED of yourselves. I didn't ask to be deaf either - the last thing I need is your rude staff treating me like crap. I hate you too. 
Only visited for a pre-dinner drink before visiting the superb Sticks and Sushi. Wish we hadn't now! The bar is typical and nothing wrong with that! The staff!!!! Well this one bartender was the most miserable individual I have encountered for a long time! She is evidently not capable of smiling and devoid of basic good manners! Luckily for the establishment she is in her final year reading Law...which will better suit than hospitality!!!.... 
The general ambience is pleasant , staff neither friendly or unfriendly. I ordered fish and chips.... the fish was oozing with oil and mainly batter.....the chips came in a silly little basket....barely half a portion. If that. Style over substance. 
I went on Friday 1st February at lunch time to eat with some colleagues. 
Went here with a group of friends last week (Tues 18th June). Firstly, they didn't have our reservation. This was no problem as the place was pretty empty as we were there quite early (6.30). We all ordered off the set menu (2 courses for £10), which should have been pretty simple but apparently not! 3 of us went for starters and 3 for puddings. Only 2 of the starters arrived. After a few minutes, we asked where the other one was (as it was the same as one of the others, so it seemed odd that they hadn't come out together as we had ordered all at once). The waitress didn't speak very good English so it took a while to get across that we were missing a dish. This wouldn't have been a problem if it was the only thing... 
I've never been treated in my life with such bad manners. The waiter who attended us was very rude. The food is OK but does not worth paying such an expensive bill for it.  
Hello everyone,  
I wanted to have a romantic night out and everything went wrong.  
Do NOT eat here! Surly staff, massively over priced average food plus drab interior sums up this poor excuse for an authentic Greek Taverna. The owner is clearly laughing all the way to the bank charging £80 for a leg of lamb that any half decent home chef could do a better job of just because it’s easter. The £9 Greek style salad was clearly made by someone who has never eaten a greek salad. Un-hoovered carpets, dated, cramped interior and prickly staff could be over looked if the food was awesome but it really wasn’t. The humous, taramsolata, halloumi and wine were ok but then again so is Waitrose’. Avoid at all costs and spend your hard earned cash elsewhere …. you have been warned. 
My husband and I decided to give it a go. The place always looked busy so of course it must be good right? 
Amazing food! But shocking behaviour from the owner!! 
food was bland, owners were rude- seemed like they were only treating the poc with disrespect. Clearly racist. Don’t bother wasting your money in such a terrible restaurant. 
We had booked this restaurant for a special occasion and had travelled a long way only to find it closed!!!!! No phone call, no message left to inform us that they had a problem with the gas supply. After a Google search and a phone call to another Italian close by, we ended up in Sebastian's, which was outstanding. Great food and excellent customer service saved our day. Treviso, you could learn something from this restaurant!!!! 
Drove to Treviso to celebrate my birthday with my family, including my baby son. My parents had travelled a long way to take us, and had confirmed booking the week before via phone. When we arrived, the restaurant was closed with a sign on the door saying “closed due to gas problems.” We hadn’t received a call, email or any kind of message as to the closure, which would have given us time to book somewhere else. The issue was not that they had had to close, it was that we had not been told. Luckily, with a hungry baby in tow, we managed to make a last minute booking at Sebastian’s Italian down the road - which was absolutely fantastic from start to finish and I would thoroughly recommend. Luckily not a wasted trip for my family in the end! 
I ordered the bruschetta. The tomatoes were soft and soggy and there was no seasoning to the dish. The olive oil this restaurant uses is cheap and tastes awful. Then I had scallop risotto from the special menu. I think the scallops were microwaved and a ton of cream added to a thick gloopy ‘risotto’ pile of rice. AWFUL! My husbands pizza was rubbish too. We are new to the area and went for dinner due to these great reviews. I can only assume that they are fake as the place really isn’t fit for purpose. I doubt the staff / chefs are actually Italian or from an Italian family. And yes, it was £60 for dinner for two. Rubbish. Never again. 
Arrived to find they had given our table away as we were 15 minutes late ( which was true ) and then the lies started. We were booked at a different time, they hadn't given away our table (when he said they had when we arrived) and whereas a simple apology would have gone a long way, they decided to argue with us. 
Unfortunately they ruined my birthday, rude ,not helpful at all ,unapologetic ,despite they clearly mess the booking a real shame  
We were looking into planning our Christmas night out (group of 25+) so being close to Richmond thought would look at some options, I asked one of my staff to make some enquiries, she came across Treviso and called and spoke with Nicole, what followed was just outrageous. 
Booked a table for lunch yesterday, arrived at the restaurant with my elderly mother to find they were closed - what a joke! 
Good food, good drinks and what would have been a good end to an awesome Bank Holiday weekend was turned into a disaster by Aashish at Potli.  
The place comes highly recommended . the menu has a large variety, the dishes are well prepared , have authentic flavour and are tasty. Drinks' menu too caters for varied tastes and drinks served look and taste exotic.  
The food is definitely not worth its price, small portions and high prices. Found hair hair in my food and the manager did not help us, very rude atmosphere. 
We ordered dinner from this restaurant last night. It was our first time and used Deliveroo for the delivery. We ordered 4 items, Lamb Biryan, Plain Naan, Pindi Chana and Chicken Madras. Unfortunately, this was the worst Indian food we have ever eaten anywhere in the world. The biriyani was a mush where the rice was overcooked in a sauce which tasted nowhere close to an authentic biriyani, there were few chunks of fatty lamb, the naan was soggy, the chicken Madras was a horror where the few chunks of chicken were swimming in a tomato sauce and finally the Pindi Chana was most probably a can of chick peas the restaurant opened and simmered once again in tomato sauce with a pinch of spices. Everything was swimming in grease. We were both upset and disgusted by this meal that after having a few spoonfuls, everything went directly to the bin. It is an utter shame that restaurants like this serve food like this to unsuspecting customers who are now home based, therefore, not able to show and make a complaint at the restaurant itself. 
Poor service when we reported Popadoms like dust. Also 2 portions means 2 popadoms..... called to let them know and was told that’s how they arrive..... just avoid ordering them... not good 
Went for sunday lunch, not very many people in the pub, appeared nice atmosphere, but would be so with few customers there. Staff were friendly etc, got seated at a table that was not balanced, so got moved, to another table that wobbled, then sat for 25 minutes after ordering and my meal still had not arrived... I would have understood were it super busy, but there were like 15 people MAX in there & 4 staff.. So dont know why it took so long but i ended up leaving without eating...Not my cuppa tea at all.....Wont go back, im sure its nice but i was not impressed with it at all. 
We went as a family group of 6. 4 of us had steaks, 1 medium, 3 medium rare. The medium steak was about right but all three medium rares were underdone, mine so badly it was inedible - all jellified texture and chewy When I pointed it out they offered to cook it some more, not to do me a fresh steak. I was curious how that would work The answer was, it didn't. It came back much browner on the outside and dripping with tasteless oil - they had clearly just thrown it in the deep fat fryer for a few minutes, which is adding insult to injury. So I ended up with no dinner, and they even forgot one of our sides. They did comp us a bottle of wine, which on top of no dinner left me pretty merry! 
We were persuaded by all the good reviews to try the restaurant. Where do I even start?! Craving Indian food we landed up at Rangrez Hammersmith, for what we later realised was one of the worst meals of our entire lives. Small, poky little place reeking of kitchen and incense sticks with tables so close to each other. Tables filled with tourists who hope the taste some award winning curry. The service is slow and erratic, the food portions are small, fish was stale and the curries bland. 15% service charge is automatically added to the the already inflated bill. What's no to like. I would definitely not recommend as there are far better Indian restaurants in the area that offer much tastier fare and a better value for your money. 
Having read all the good reviews, I was genuinely shocked by how awful this place is. The worst Caesar Salad I have EVER eaten! It was tiny (for a main course salad) with less than a teaspoonful of dressing, a small, chewy rubbery bit of chicken and a cheap, flavourless tomato cut into quarters (tomatoes on a Caesar Salad?). It was absolutely horrible - and cost thirteen pounds (I'd say there was less than a pound's worth of food on the plate!). Two of my party had Calamari to start which was coated in really thick breadcrumbs and tasted unbearably salty. It was worse than something you would buy frozen from a very cheap supermarket! 
I visited the restaurant on a Saturday evening a group of four and thought the restaurant looked cosey and the decor was nice. We placed an order of starters and they were tasty - although the brucessta with goats cheese and roast peppers didn’t have any roast peppers just 9 little cubes of diced raw pepper on the side??? Was not a great start.... 
we have given the rating of terrible because they need to improve their warmth and service. they are very restricted in their portions, even when you order a drink they dont even bring a salted peanut or a slice of carrot / cucumber /olives which is what they would do in ANY GREEK restaurant. it is a shame as this area doesnt have any restaurants, and they could have cultivated a good following, a happy hour for the residents or been more giving in their hospitality . their prices should equally reciprocate better portions. i am greek and well traveled. I wouldn't come here again, unless it improves. they could have more patrons and instead its very very quiet in an area where people do have the means to come, they could be busy every night, after work patrons, couples etc . but it is not. if they dont gravitate to thymari it is because what they offer requires improving. the owners are wasting an amazing opportunity. 
The food quality is mediocre and does not taste nice. However the biggest problem is the price that is too expensive. The restaurant cheated in the menu to hide the real price!! As you can see in the menu the price for Create skaras grilled meats should be £22 however the real price is £44 !!? 
A bit of a disaster really. Avoid. First they messed up my order by leaving in something I can't eat which makes my mouth swell. They remade it but didn't cook the prawns properly. I returned it for it to be cooked. When I got it back the prawns were charred on each side but barely cooked through. The quality overall was poor (food and wine) - some of the worst I've ever had and I waited a long time for everything. At the end of the meal I was told the place is cash only. I went to the bank for cash and paid full price (having been offered more wine after the first error) but left feeling angry and concerned I might get ill.  
4 of us ate 1 had pizza (was good) 1 had sea bass (was ok) 2 had the most rubbery chicken with a salad that had very acidic green olives that ran into the mushroom sauce making it watery and just horrible for £16.00 ! Sorry but where you get that price for that I have no idea! Service was slow, I had to go and ask for a drinks order! Haven’t been here before won’t come again! 
Visited Italian Concept yesterday and ordered the aubergine dish as a main. A plate of what looked like microwaved vegetarian lasagne burnt around the edges and obviously cooked hours or the day before was presented to me. I asked when it had been cooked and was told that morning. It was the saddest main course ever put in front of me. I then ordered a vegetarian pizza. I saw the manager speak to the guy cooking the pizza and was presented with a pizza base with 4 slices of courgette on it and a handful of rocket thrown on the top. The funniest thing was they had thrown the rocket over the pizza to hide the fact that they had only four slices of courgette on it.  
My sister visits regularly after I recommended the restaurant to her months ago. However, I went last night and to be very honest, very upset with the service we received and do not want to visit again.  
Went to this venue a couple of weeks ago while on a visit to Richmond. Started off with terrible service from the waiter, didn't appear to understand anything we said or ordered . had to repeat order several times and we only wanted two salads and two glasses of wine.It also appeared that he had trouble reading the menu. He stated he was new. My husband ordered his salad and was asked if he wanted salad with it. There was a lot of bumbling about behind the counter and appeared to be more confusion. There was then an issue over the wine which was disputed ,at this point we got up and left . Found another local restaurant and went on to enjoy our couple of days in Richmond. 
We are here a few days ago. The restaurant is very plain with decor and I felt lacking in warmth and ambience. Although the waiter was attentive to start we were ignored at our departure even though we spent over £75.00 with an added service charge included.  
I ordered a rib eye steak which is what I always get and don’t mind a little bit of fat on the meat but this was taking it to another level.  
Thymari have just cancelled my Christmas Eve booking for my family of nine people two weeks before the event. Since I had taken the precaution of making the booking two months in advance, I am not amused. Explanation given was that the owner wanted to spend Christmas with HIS family. That would be fine if they had told me two months ago when I was reserving a table. But instead they accepted my booking. I have not been able to find anywhere else in the area as an alternative since, unsurprisingly, they are all booked up. This is not how you run a restaurant. I shall not be dining there again. And I suggest you read this as a warning. 
No notices to tell you they dont possess a card reader. We were in a rush so when I asked for the bill I was told I could only pay with cash. 
We visited this restaurant this evening to celebrate our granddaughter’s 16th birthday.  
We ordered our meal through deliveroo. It arrived on time but they had forgotten to bring the poppadoms. I called the restaurant and after a long time (and I did point out that my food was getting cold) he said he would credit the food he had forgotten to deliver. I pointed out this was not acceptable and I wanted the food I had ordered he said I should call deliveroo and they would arrange delivery. Meanwhile our food was getting colder. But I called deliveroo and the girl said she couldn't arrange the delivery because she just couldn't and there were no supervisors or managers within miles so refund or nothing.  
I ordered tortelloni and received a small serve of ravioli which the waiter announced as "tortelloni". The funghi sauce was 2nd rate. For desert I ordered strawberry cheesecake and received a small bowl with biscuit crumbs topped with cream and black current syrup.  
Ordered outside. Coffee was good. Great price compared to other cafes in Richmond. Moved inside because it got chilly. Wish we hadn't. The view into the kitchen turned my stomach. Black with grime. Dirty utensils and containers being used again and again to heat beans without being rinsed- food congealed around the edges. Staff not washing hands. Generally visibly dirty. A broken stool with visible mound growing on it. As we had ordered already I dubiously ate my food when it came until what appeared to be a cockroach crawled onto our table and up a tea cup. We jumped away and the waiter tried to catch it with a napkin saying he had seen it come in from the street that morning. I wish I had taken some photos. We paid (in full- I wish we hadn't) and quickly left leaving our food and drinks.  
Sunday roast platter to share on the menu! 
Have just walked out from an attempted lunch visit with family and friends. Was sat down by an ambivalent waiter, spent the next 20 minutes not even managing to order drinks before walking out. At least we got a wave. No apology however. If recommend the Gondola over this any day of the week 
Absolutely terrible service.  
During our visit the staff were extremely rude. Children are clearly not welcome, they are not offering high chairs so my 1 year old daughter had to sit on a chair which any parent will know is hard to keep them still. She did well and at the end of the meal to stop her getting frustrated and loud we let her walk between our table and the one next to us (1 metre away and no where near any other diner). We were abruptly approached and told my daughter could not leave the table as anything she touched needed to be wiped down, however after they seated people on the chair next to us that my daughter touched without wiping it down and then proceeded to loudly offer the people a “quieter” table in the bar.  
Very disappointing visit here, from start to finish. On arrival we were given the menu which we decided on oysters to start then going for Porterhouse to share. We discussed in detail with a female staff member on what to have and that was what we decided on. A few minutes later we were told they had no oysters and then a few minutes after that we were told they had no Porterhouse left. Quite astonishing really based on the conversation we had with the server about what to have.  
Premium prices for mediocre and bland food. A £12 lamb dish should be all meat and no gristle - not here. Didn't taste particularly fresh either. Avoid. 
Firstly We am happy to pay well for a good meal, We can start here with over priced, under flavoured slop. 
We booked a table a week in advance as there were 6 of us & they couldn't find the booking so not a good start.  
Tried to take the family for a nice Sunday roast and thought it would be nice to avoid the usual toby carvery... shouldn't have bothered!  
I ate here with my husband recently and couldn't get the attention of any of the waiters to take our order for ages. When my husband's burger finally came, it was overcooked and charred on the outside. He had about 10 mushy, cold chips to go with it. We sent the burger back and requested a medium cooked replacement, only for it to appear again within literally 2 minutes!! (Not sure if this was someone else's order that they stole - I can't explain the speed of cooking otherwise....microwave??)  
Manager was horrible rude ! Unprofessional  
'Speciality' main of lamb dopiaza, so overpriced, 'meat' was fat/gristle. Worse still, they had a one main per person policy and then forgot to serve us our drinks. 
Booked for a party of 18 to dine on 20th December at 7.30 and paid £5 deposit per person for Christmas menu. We all arrived at 7.30 and the restaurant was really busy. After almost an hour, the waitress came to take our order but told us as we hadn't pre booked what we wanted (despite paying £5 deposit for Christmas menu)we would have to order off of the main menu. 10 minutes later the waitress returned and said we could order off the Xmas as long as their supplies lasted. We waited and waited and waited and almost 3 hours after we arrived, our starters appeared and were really rather poor. By 11pm there was no sign of our main courses, and coupled with the fact that some of us had to be at work for 7am the following morning, we informed the waitress that we were leaving. On our departure we spoke to many other disgruntled customers who had received similar service to ourselves. Really, really disappointed. An appalling Christmas party, and would never recommend this restaurant to anyone after our bad experience. 
Would never go again, bland food, the place smelt awful, management rude, rats outside, and expensive! DO NOT RECOMMEND! 
I took my family to the restaurant for a nice dinner and unfortunately it was the complete opposite as there was a urine smell when you enter the restaurant then to witness pests outside the front as we leave the restaurant. 
One star is already too much, Awful experience. We booked our table through the meerkat app for Sunday 5:00 pm. We arrived slightly early and were the first customer. When we asked if we can use our meerkat offer. A violent “No” was answered. When we seek clarification, it was no offer on event day. Well there is no mention of it on their web site or the booking system. Then it went downhill very quickly after the staff said they are not a charity. Well it s true, they are not a charity. But don’t use marketing tools to keep the restaurant open. Because with your attitude, you will get neither. No customer, and no money from well value customers to stay open.  
Don't be taken in by the website. They talk the talk but don't walk the walk. Service was ok but food was nothing special. We are Indians so we know our food. Food is as passable as a small corner take away.....very mediocre. Prices are steep too. Kebab was definitely not prepared fresh....... Disappointed big time. 
Was really disappointed with our visit last Sunday. If previously attended with my family and 1 year old for a Sunday dinner celebration and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We attended again last Sunday and the owner ran out to greet us only to tell us no children under 10 were permitted. 
We were seated in the very cramped basement of the restaurant which soon became rather noisy with a large group of lads out on a "beer and curry night'. Our starters were impressive, especially the dry fried fish. Very tasty. Unfortunately it all went downhill from there. Our starters took almost an hour to arrive. It seems the restaurant staff were completely overwhelmed with the number of customers they were dealing with that evening. We were not impressed to say the least! My husband had to enquire several times and although the waiter was apologetic, we were on the verge of walking out with our 2 daughters. We did stay, but wish we hadn't bothered because the quality of food for the main was nothing compared to the starters.  
This is the worst Indian restaurant I have ever been too. The chicken curry ordered was absolutely disgusting. It was bland and tasted as if it was boiled with runny sauce just poured over. This restaurant is overrated and the food is definitely overpriced. Totally ruined evening. Avoid. 
The restaurant sounded authentic Italian when booking.service lacklustre.starters out of 3people one got starter and other 2came after 15 minutes. 2starters were stuffed courgette flowers.we could not find the flower and the stuffing was non description. The pork schnitzels were cooked to death and the polenta chips were inedible.the waiter couldn't be bothered. Definitely a miss 
Went for dinner with my partner for the first time to this Greek restaurant and was very disappointed :( 
This was a disgusting meal. My confirm duck had flabby skin, the sweet potato mash was tasteless and the green beans were old. I ate the meat, left the skin and the beans so the chef could see. The waiter just shrugged his shoulders. Absolutely awful. Don't waste your money. 
We booked this restaurant for my fathers 80th birthday celebration. 
I called to book a table for 8 of us, for a hen party. The day before the booking I called to confirm the booking. 
Ate here recently. Walked in the door and was pleasantly surprised when I walked in, the decor is lovely, looks very polished.  
we loved this restaurant until last time. The food was always good and we ordered for delivery often.  
Having been to a few Bills now post Covid, all seem the same. It didn't feel like apart from the temperature check on entry anything had really been done. Tables in my opinion were extremely close together didn't look like any had been removed. Staff wearing masks below their nose rendering them effectively pointless. Am sure if any on the spot checking were to be done this would not be good. 
Booked online a table for two at 7pm. Was told when we arrived there had been some double bookings so would we mind waiting for 5 minutes. Twenty minutes later a waiter asked if what we’d like to order drinks. We asked for the menu too and were told there was a wait for food and we probably would not get our food for another 40 minutes. We were offered no apology or complimentary drink as compensation so left without eating or drinking. The service was extremely poor, there were four other couples/groups also waiting for ‘double booking’ problems to be resolved.  
We decided to go for a meal on a Saturday evening as we have lived in Hammersmith for a long time and never tried Rangrez. We entered the restaurant at 9.20 pm where a large illuminated OPEN sign welcomed us. We asked for a table and a staff member said wait a minute. We waited in the doorway to be told they don't serve past 9.30 pm - it was before then and their details state they are open until 11. They were rude and unapologetic when we politely mentioned the open sign. Dreadful service! 
Such a shame.... i have been there so many times and always loved it. Lovely people great food but the new guy is very rude, not welcoming at all. Not sure I will go back anymore. 
we went for a late meal after an early showing at the cinema; we had not been to this restaurant since it had changed hands, it looked busy so we asked if they had a table for 2; we waited a couple of minutes for one table to empty and sat down. We then had to wait an age to get an order for a drink and had to ask three times for a second drink later. After asking a waitress took our order. My wife's food was good but mine was simply inedible. I ordered Brushetta to start and it looked good but the first bite told me that it was absolutely smothered in garlic. I seriously could not eat it. No-one came up to ask if everything was alright and they only queried when they came to clear away. I was offered an alternative but that would have affected the cooking of the main meal so i declined. My main course arrived which was pasta; the menu said that there was a hint of chilli. An understatement! The first mouthful included what i thought was tomato but was chilli and the roof of my mouth was still hurting ten minutes later! Why did they leave the seeds in if it was a hint? In fairness they did offer to cook me something else but by this time i did not want to trust their cooking. I was quite prepared to pay as i had ordered the food and it was my problem but they did not charge me for my food. In retrospect they would have been better off not taking us as they were busy and did not have time to look after us. We will not be going back! 
Booked to eat here before a concert at The Apollo using our tastecard. Details said tastecard not accepted on event days between 6pm - 8pm so booked for 5.30pm and arrived early at 5.10pm. Friendly welcome but kept waiting for 15 mins before delightful lady came to take order. Asked how tastecard worked to be told would not be accepted if we finished our meal after 6pm! Sadly left. Poor judgement on behalf of owner - we would have ordered lots of food and they would have done good business. 
I have been previously to this restaurant the pizza is not something special but I liked the tiramisu - it used to be so delicious and fresh.As I live in the neighborhood I kept going just for take away tiramisu.Unfortunately I came back today to discover that the service became awful and I paid £11 for frozen tiramisu for which I was advised on my way out by the waitress with the words you know that it's frozen you need to wait 20-30 minutes and to my question since when(as this never happened to me before) the answer was we've always been giving it frozen for take away...It was my last visit for sure ! 
I am extremely annoyed with Bills in Richmond. This morning (08.03.20) my boyfriend called at 9:45am to see if we could get a table for two for breakfast with a puppy. The guy who answered for Bills said that if we got to the restaurant by 10:30am he would be able to organise a table for us. Me, my boyfriend and our puppy then rushed out of the house, drove over to Richmond, parked in the NCP and walked to Bills to get in and the guy to say “no we have no tables for you”. We wasted our Sunday morning, wasted petrol and parking money all because we were told he would fit us in and then just turned us away with not a care in the world even when I explained the effort we had gone to to get to Bills under his instruction!!! I can’t believe Bills has someone so rude head of house. Terrible manners, terrible service and we will never go to Bills in Richmond again. 
Went there for chicken burger, unfortunately wasn’t available... I should know before I was waiting for table. I get another burger with chicken, unfortunately burger with kind of coleslaw salad inside was way too much for me. Definitely one of the worse burger I’ve ever had. I can’t recommend this place. Can’t complain customer service. 
Vegetarian Wellington came with actual 70's Smash instead of actual mash potato. I knew because you could see and taste the flakes because they hadn't put enough boiling water with it! The tender stem broccoli doubled as tooth floss. My daughter's 1st macc n cheese was burned and went back. The second was edible but it tasted like a processed sauce rather than a fresh cheese sauce - the least you'd expect for £10.95 for a small dish. The staff were friendly at least. Bill's used to be good but this was terrible. 
We tried this restaurant as always looks busy when I pass and the reviews were great . 
Been today for Mother’s Day and was the second time as had enjoyed it the first time. Ordered pizzas and pasta, pasta carbonara was terrible pasta dry no sign of cream, the pancetta was all fat and soggy. Linguine with squids ink wasn’t too bad but prawns were under cooked. Pizzas were quite burnt so tasted a little bitter. 
Absolutely discussing lamb kebabs. I really wonder what kind of meat that was. The plate wasn't clean, the fries were untasty, and I prefer to forget about the kebabs as I might be sick just thinking about it.  
We tried to eat here before going to the Apollo. We were told a table would be 5 minutes, no problem, we could see 2 free tables and expected that they would just set one up with cutlery etc. After 10 minutes we were taken to one of these empty tables. A further 20 minutes later, no one had acknowledged us, let alone taken an order or even a drinks order. We were so pushed for time we had to leave and headed to the burger kitchen which we highly recommend. No one acknowledged us leaving. 
I went with 4 friends to have a Sunday roast and one of my friends asked if he could take his dog in there and the boss said he could but my friend was told he wouldn’t be served because he had had too much alcohol.. not true.. he has a disability and was very angry!! Actually, the rest of us had drunk more!!  
I have been previously to this restaurant and I enjoyed it in the past... Unfortunately I came back to discover that became just a tourist trap.... Price went up, quality wsent down and not surprisingly the restaurant was empty... In the case they do not address their issues this restaurant will close in few months... Unfortunately that's not the venue who can sell a glass of wine to 6.5 pounds + service charge and any plate of pasta is more than 10 pounds + service charge... 
Service slow people who came in after us were served first, very noisy had to leave due to din and no main course was forthcoming. we will not return! 
I read the rating and was looking forward to a good meal with my wife. It was a MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT. We ordered the Vesuvius pizza and the tomato and mozzarella salad. The pizza was right out of the oven, but it wasn't crispy. There was a lump of cold cheese in under a small mountain of prosciutto. Both were right out of the fridge cold. The tomato sauce tasted like it was right out of a can, with absolutely no spices or flavor.  
Walked in as I strolled passed , and asked for a single table , however it was directly under the air conditioner so I moved to another table and was arrogantly told that I could not sit there because it was a table for 4 people , I explained that the Aircon was right on top of me and was unpleasant and since the restaurant is as not full ( half full ) I saw no reason why they couldn't accommodate me on another table and the response remained that I could not change tables . Than you very much .... I left without eating . I cannot rate their food but customer service is out of this world . 
Came to Bill’s with my family on Sunday evening and food was okay, nothing to rave about (e.g. my um's pan fried chicken was overcooked so had gone all hard and was tough to eat). 
We visited this restaurant for the first time today with friends. Our starters were ok, but the mains were awful. They all arrived and we had to send all four main meals back. The steaks were stone cold. There was no apology and the restaurant added £30 service onto the bill. If anything the £250 bill should have been reduced by he management for the awful experience. Very disappointed and feel we wasted our money and should have gone to a different restaurant. To top it off this restaurant has no child facilities. Would not recommend this restaurant.  
Expensive and a rip off . Half a lobster was no bigger than a large prawn, lobster roll was overloaded with mayonnaise and a hint of lobster. Astral was overlooked. Drinks had no substance and service was slow. 
Mash potato was a lump of rubber. Tescos microwave version has more texture and taste 
I will say that the staff were very friendly, but that's it, food painfully salty and £75 for 2 mains (+ rice/naans) + 3 drink is frankly insulting! 
New to the area and was so excited to check out the restaurant. From the outside it looked great ! Colourful and full of culture 
It has been a while since I went to a high-end steak house, which boasted USDA steaks. So I was looking forward to it.  
Came here as it was highly reviewed, how wrong. Asked for a gin and tonic and after finally understanding what I wanted, they came with a gin and ginger ale without asking me if this would be ok. Meal far too spicy and I like hot food, will not be returning. Slow service and not even busy!!! 
I chose this restaurant to meet a friend as it was conveniently situated for us both to meet after work; it was a Thursday evening and an early booking at 6.00pm. As a Chef & Brewer venue, I would have thought a certain standard of food and surroundings could be expected. 
Awful food. Poor quality and portion size. Literally complained about every single dish! Taste was bad! Food was burnt. Manager didn't get the message that someone senior really needs to come and review the standard of this restaurant. Expensive for the rubbish food you get!!!  
I tend to be a 'cup half full' reviewer so this review does not fill me with satisfaction. All looked promising as we entered the restaurant ; stylish and with a classy American steak diner feel about it. The Malbec was delicious. But everything else was a disaster. The £14 classic prawn cocktail was tasteless - the Marie Rose sauce little more than watered down cream. The scallops were dreadful - the first gritty and tasteless, the second decidedly 'off'. And then to the steaks - admittedly the £31 Aberdeen Angus fillet was tasty and well cooked but the rib-eye was disastrous. Ordered medium rare, the first came almost well-done and there was no taste. The second arrived medium and again there was no taste. The beef dripping chips (£3.25) were no different to the triple cooked chips (£3.25)...and if someone told me that they were both bought from Iceland I'd believe them ! The vegetables were cold ! We complained...asking to speak to the chef - but he had 'gone home'. The waiters appeared embarrassed but did their best to deal with the situation ; they didn't charge us for the scallops or rib-eye. The rest of the food came to £91.10... Once again, Windsor fails when it comes to attracting quality and consistently good restaurants... I've re-read this review before 'submitting' - it sounds very 'cup half empty'. Sadly, it's all true ! 
I visited swan and bottle today for a roast dinner. When it arrived it was barely warm, the beef was as tough as leather. Veg rock hard, very very disappointed. Got a full refund. Saw another couple complain about their roast dinner to. I certainly won’t be going back.  
The Swan & Bottle is usually “spot on” for Sunday Roasts, a vibrant atmosphere and great customer service which is why we chose it for our Christmas Day dinner this year. Unfortunately, on this special day, it was a complete disaster from start to finish. Our table wasn’t ready on arrival and we had to wait around 45 minutes to be taken to our table which was dirty and we had to clean ourselves as finding any staff to help was not easy. The table service throughout was non existent and we had to ask for our starters which were awful and also chase up our main courses as well as the desserts. These also took an age to arrive and the quality and presentation of all the dishes served was very poor especially considering what we had paid. There was no explanation as to why the food was taking so long to come out and the whole service seemed to be totally disorganised. To cap it all, as we were leaving, we were then presented with take out boxes containing some cheese and a few biscuits to take home. Overall an absolute disaster of a day for the restaurant as we saw and heard lots of people complaining as well. Lots of very unhappy & disappointed customers. Total shambles, should be ashamed of themselves. 
We stopped by on the way to the Apollo and have to say the manageress could benefit from some service training. Abruptly interrupting our conversations constantly she has as much charm as Donald Trump! The menu is very limited and the lack of side dishes was surprising. We asked if we could have a small dish of Tarka Dahl - no was the reply! We ordered a starter and a main course to share and two drinks each and it came to £60! The service is added automatically - I guess if it was left to the customers they wouldn't get any tips! Oh and having the owners kids sitting next to us on their iPads is not a great idea. Not coming back! 
We had a really disappointing Sunday Lunch at Swan & Bottle... what a shame! 
We had to wait a long time to be served after which we had to wait longer as we were told another 15m later that the particular dishes were unavailable. 
Never written a review before but had to.  
I am surprised to see so many good reviews for this place. May be we had a one off bad experience but I was totally taken aback by the quality of the food, it was too mild and sweet to our liming. I am Indian so understand a difference between korma and a masala dish but we generally found food to be really bland. May be it is targeting customers who don't want spice levels to be high - which is of course fine - but I just won't call it A authentic Indian restaurant 
Firstly I have never written a trip advisor review before but really do not want people to have the same kind of experience as me. 
After spending money on a refurbishment , the menu is worse than before (and it was never great before) the food was so bad I don’t want to spend any more time writing about it, just avoid eating there.  
After a long wait for our food it was not cooked to order, steaks either over cooked or under cooked. Battered fish over cooked. Chips and steaks cold. Returned to staff. New food was brought out - still under cooked steaks. By this time we had all lost our appetite. We were supposed to be celebrating our daughters 21st birthday but this was a disaster !!  
That’s it! Took my family to Bills Richmond for breakfast for the 3rd and LAST time. Service is ok but every breakfast dish we had was very poor.  
Having read such amazing reviews here we decided we just had to visit them once (and hopefully more if they lived up to the expectations). 
I booked the swan and bottle for an early birthday meal. The table was booked for 8pm. When we arrived we were told that there would be a 40 mi ute wait. We ordered our food and drinks but by 10pm we still hadn't had out main meal. My friend asked on of the waitresses to see how long it would be. She didn't come back to us. So we asked another waitress who huffed at us and we off to see. When the food finally came out the waitress just seemed to throw the plates down on the table. Tge food was just dumped onto the plates,mo presentation at all. When my friend said to her that the jacket potato was still cold she snatched the gate away from her. When the waitress came back to the table she said to us that she didn't appreciate the way she was spoken to and she is trying he best for us. We found this very unprofessional and reported this to the manager. When we were looking round the restaurant nearly everyone was complaining. We have never had an issues with this place abs or had also bee nice. The place had been closed for a couple of week due to a facelift. This time is was so disappointing we will never return back here. 
Been here for an hour now and been ignored by all members of staff and no sign of our food and we have had to go to the bar for our drinks TWICE... don’t know what has happened to this place! I won’t be rushing back. 
Drove to the pub as destination after friend's recommendation, the sign outside said kitchen open for lunch 12-5:30, the place wasn't terribly busy, sat at the table outside, got the drinks at the bar, when asked for food was told that they only serve food if you booked a table. The barman said we could have snacks, I looked at the board behind the bar with bar snacks but when he saw me looking at it he said that was an old board and we could actually have crisps! We wouldn't have bothered getting the drinks if we knew we wouldn't get any food and that's despite contradictory sign outside. Be aware if you decide to drive half an hour for Sunday lunch! We won't be rushing back there, felt very unwelcome. 
Nice enough pub but received a parking penalty from a company called Brit parking for parking in their carpark. Seems I was the only one out of 6 cars to receive this penalty. Nobody saw these signs in the dark. Have informed everyone at our nearby office to avoid the place. Will not be returning. Disappointing to receive this penalty after spending nearly £150 in there. 
I have written to Bills but no response from them yet. I do not understand how the fish pie in Soho on Sunday was brilliant and one in Richmond two days later was barely edible. There were two main issues - Salt and Fish used inside. The pie was way too salty and the fish inside was leaving water every time I put my knife/fork through it. The one in Soho was very nice and creamy. The one in Richmond had spaces where the cream and water were separating. It was not a nice meal at all. I enjoyed my peach and mint iced tea and lost the appetite for dessert. The staff working there is lovely and said we should have sent it back but once I lose my appetite it is gone. 
The waiters and bloody rude and they ordered the wrong food, made us wait an hour and also brought old stale food. Avoid at all costs!! 
We went on Sunday for lunch. The service was appalling. We ordered our food and waited and waited and waited. We then noticed that there was only 1 waitress working. We gave up and decided to leave after 45 minutes but guess what we couldn’t find anyone to say we were going. So walked out. Hungry and fed up. On our way out a lady on another table saw us and said to me how bad the food was and she didn’t blame us for leaving.  
My wife went there with her five daughters on a Saturday night the service was poor and the food quality was poor when they got it also there things missing off the menu. 
Feels the food is cold/reheated or microwaved/frozen. I had high expectations of this restaurant and gave it a good few tries but now left feeling disappointed and won’t be returning anytime soon. 
I cannot believe they have got so much high ratings and feedback! Went with my wife on Valentine's Day and was bitterly disappointed. What makes it worst is that we are from India and the food was not so Indian. If all you like is mild tasted curries then its a place for you. However, if you are after genuine Indian curry and starters, then get ready to be disappointed. 
What can I say, if you want to spend close to £30 for a steak that is worse than a cheap roadside joint... then this is the place to go.  
How this place has the high reviews is staggering. One of the worst in the area. Lady who is clearly more than just member of waiting staff brash, loud and just unpleasant to be served by. As if she wasn’t bad enough, the ambience - there was none just a sense of ‘arent we great’ - but the VERY, VERY worst was the food. Pizza Hut are more Italian than this place. Hated every second and spoke to another customer and they felt the same. My pizza dough was still raw but I couldn’t be bothered to even discuss it with brash staff and we just paid and left. NEVER EVER AGAIN. In contrast Cafe Gondala in the High Street has lovely staff, atmosphere and the food is ok to good. 100 times better than this place.  
Very dried up Buffet but the Management are very satisfied with what they are serving, don’t waste your time or money 
Prices are very similar to central london. Not worth it at all for Ealing. The steak was underwhelming and average, not much taste. Sides are appalling. Service was bad even though it was empty.  
During a trip to see Billy Connolly at the appollo me & girlfriend decided on pre meal at this indian that suprisingly had fantastic reviews (how it amazes me). First of all we weren't expected to get a table as it looked like a full house but managed to get table for two which looked more like we were sitting on top of another couple who were on their main meal & didn't look too impressed. Upon having the menu which was smallest menu I've ever seen.... wanting a mild curry between us the only one they had was a chicken makhani which was fair enough, but in brackets said also known as chicken tikka masalla. Which is the biggest pile of rubbish I've ever heard. Both totally different dishes for one. 
Had heard great reviews for breakfast. Choose scrambled eggs on toast.. very disappointed. Dry, tasteless meagre portion of egg on sparsely buttered toast. For £5.95 felt ripped off.  
The service started off ok, the food was OK but not amazing, I was not that impressed therefore I asked for the OPTIONAL service charge to be removed as there was not much or a service the waiter said that’s fine no problem and was friendly until another blonde Middle Aged lady in a blue dress rudely demanded the reasons why we had asked to remove the service charge and told us not to make excuses about the food and if he wanted the service charge to be removed we should have just been honest even though we did make it clear and she just come over to take the payment! I found her very rude and I don’t appreciate being made to look small in front of other customers! I have never experienced such rudeness. At the point I just felt to walk out! I think it’s wrong and disgusting when people demand and expect service charge to always be paid. I would have been more than happy too if I was completely satisfied. Being a NHS keyworker I have not had a chance to go out lately, I left my birthday dinner feeling so embarrassed with my friends and it just ruined the whole evening, it definitely was not the way I wanted to end the night. I can see also this is not the first time someone has claimed about the blonde lady” who I believe to be some sort of “manager”. On that note I would completely avoid this place I would never go back! It’s clearly one of those places that don’t care about the customer service only quick to take your money. AVOID especially if you have that miserable woman serving you!!!  
Now charging to park in this pub.  
Got to the restaurant 5 minutes before my reservation time, it was half full (no social distancing whatsoever) and there were no waiters or hostess anywhere to be seen. I decided to stay with my friend next to an empty table until someone appeared to get us seated. The table was filthy, clearly other people had eaten there and no one bothered to even wipe it, let alone sanitize it as it should have been.  
On Saturday before going to the cinema across the road we went to Bills for a drink only to find that they had no vodka. We ordered a bottle of white wine and a glass of vodka and soda, we waited and after 15 mins one of the party went and asked where our drinks were only to be told at 5.15 Saturday evening that they had no vodka and that someone had gone to buy some! the service was appalling and we all agreed that we would not return. 
Walked in, promised a table within 30mins. Got a table after 1hr 30 mins. Accidentally head butted a ball ball, which hit a tin on a shelf and smashed a glass. Offered to pay double for glass and leave big tip to apologise, but told I couldn’t order alcohol and treat d rudely for rest of visit. Food was ok though.  
We booked a deposit in advance to reserve a table. We got there a few minutes before and was then told they’re running 30 minutes behind. We went to the bar to order a set of drinks and an hour went by until we got seated. Our starters and mains were ordered. An hour went by and we still didn’t receive our starters. We were offered free drinks on the house for the wait as others were being served around us who turned up after. The starters tasted microwaved and rushed. The bill came and we were charged for the drinks we paid with cash at the bar before being seated, the drinks which were given to us on the house for the inconvenience as well as a random tables drinks. Will definitely not be coming back to this place. What was suppose to be a nice mother’s day meal turned out to be one of the worst experiences in a restaurant yet. Complete shambles, can’t plan one day of the year right and the chefs definitely up to standards. They’d rather let people in who havent booked to get more ££££ and mess up the ones with bookings. Here’s a tip for the management, maybe next time if people are late, don’t let them be seated. 
Went here for Mothers Day to say it was an absolute disgrace would be too fair. Spoilt a lovely evening with poor service, no noticable staff and just completely bad management. Had to go to bar to get drinks, no one came to our table to take drink order. Only time we saw staff was when they were bringing out the food. We was in the restaurant 3 hours and still did not get a pudding as we were so fed up waiting for the table to be cleared and for someone to take our dessert order. Ruined my mothers day completely I will never go back there again. 
Sweet, suburban little steak house. Great welcome with lovely bread. Oysters fresh, delicious and well-presented. Order NY strip (not cheap at £35, this is Ealing not Soho). Med rare arrived well done. Asked for new steak to be cooked, and assured only 2 mins. 10+ mins later, steak arrived very rare / blue. Nobody came to check. All other diners in my party already finished. Finally got manager and expressed my disappointment, given so highly rated on TA. Manager suddenly turned embarrassingly grovelling – I could have any steak for free etc etc. free pudding for the kids 
As a previous Windsorian and fond local at the Alma Pub on Springfield Road I felt compelled to return to my old haunt to see how it compared with the old days. Unfortunately I was bitterly disappointed . The atmosphere was frenzied, the food mediocre and the place was what I can only describe as filthy. To add insult to injury the place was was full of dogs with one particularly annoying one who managed to attack each and every other mutt that entered the pub !! The only good thing about this experience was leaving. I will not be back to the Alma . 
Live Bills... great food and atmosphere BUT this evening for some reason the man serving just didn't seem to know what he was doing. Appeared exasperated that we wanted to move tables and then dared to ask for menus . . He then tried to make up for this by just interrupting our birthday meal too too much. Eventually he made a card error, announcing to other diners that my card had not worked when he hadnt yet asked me for my pin! His responses and mood swings were quite off putting and I felt very embarrassed to have to get stern with him in return for his faux pas 
Visited as part of a fairy large group, had booked several weeks ago and even given the restaurant our menu choices from the set meal, so it is fair to say the restaurant should have been prepared for us. We were all seated by 7pm, and it took at least half an hour for anyone to come and take our drinks orders. The majority of us had pre-ordered from the set menu but all had to order again as the staff seemingly had no record of that. 
Came for a family meal and the whole experience was an absolute shambles. 
Very nice food super staff . Antonio was extremely attentive and catered to all of our needs. Would highly recommend!! 
I found really good reweview on trip advisor about this pub.So we decide book a table because we dId fancy a nice roast lunch.I was told the lunch was served till 5 o clock.When there at 3,wait 20 min between hour table and the bar,when it was our turn we was told that we coud only have rost chicken.not what we was looking for.left the pub and find another one,and we enjoy an exellent lunch. 
We had large party for the birthday of a client's 2 year old daughter. A number of the party were from Romania.  
I've been to this establishment a few times and every time the service has been questionable and slow when ordering food - waiters barking at you to remember your own cutlery etc. Went again for a working lunch - ordered first out of group of 3. Colleague got scampi and chips 15minutes later, a 5/10 minute wait until my other colleague got scampi and chips and a side salad. They tucked into their beige meals. 45 minutes later and a weak sorry from the waiter I get my mac n cheese. With no tomato and basil crumb as advertised, 3 soggy leaves and 3 forkfuls of dry, microwaved mac n cheese. Awful. 
Dreadful nothing else to say....because I have to say more... the food was really horrid the veg were not al dente they were raw! The turkey was tasteless the service slow and indifferent. There are better places to go in Richmond. 
We went there on our anniversary date .....food was ok .....but way too expensive to other places we have been to in London...quantity was less as well 
Visited on 6th November as a family and all 9 of us were disgusted with the meal and the service. Would not be returning!!! 
We have visited many times for meals but will never return now. The menu selection has been cut by half. Service was awful even though it was a quiet Thursday evening. Then the final straw was 3 of us ordering the same dessert only to be told 10 minutes later they didn't have it. A very disappointing evening . Swan and Bottle you've just lost 5 customers. 
We were going to the Appolo for a show and decided to try this restaurant. When we arrived we were shown straight to our table and our order was taken fairly quickly, so a good start. Thinks went rapidly downhill from there. Firstly, the poppadoms were bought to us but with no plates. Only half of our drinks order was bought to us. After about 40 mins of nothing further arriving we had to chase our order, as the show was due to start. Some of the food arrived after about 5 mins, but no rice. There were no spoons, making sauces difficult to decant. The Saagaaloo potatoes tasted liked they were from a tin and the sauce most unpleasant. After eating the rest of this disappointing meal we were presented with a bill with a £5 service charge! A number of other things like the disgusting toilets did not help! I can not recommend highly enough not to eat here! 
Went sunday 30 april for family get together, earliest booking we could get was 8.45 (open till 11.00). Terrible meal, I can only assume the kitchen staff had gone home and left a skeleton staff as the place was emptying out. Supposed fish pie was white fish boiled in milk (milk presented in a little jug alongside) so I just had dry boiled fish with mash on top! Sea bass was so overcooked it looked like a warm dry piece of smoked haddock instead of the soft white fish we should have had. One of us had ribs which he sent back and it was returned with more sauce poured on top (they looked like boiled meat with brown sauce on top! When the supposed hot sauce was poured on chocolate bomb the bomb didn't even melt as sauce was only warm! We should have complained more but we didn't want our evening together spoilt by arguing about food when there was clearly no one there to take responsibility and in the kitchen to re cook the order correctly. Paid and left and by the time I got home I felt very angry that I had not made a fuss as I feel completely ripped off - there were six of us so the bill was £192! Have eaten in other Bills and it's been fine, but never going to eat at Bill's again!!! Worst meal ever! 
I was actually looking forward to this dinner and to meet my friends there after not seeing them for a long time. 
Both myself and my wife were in this pub with five other guests (my family) in total we most likely spent the best of £200.00... we were there for my friend Craig`s 40th Birthday party who plays music there often. I had just bought both myself and my wife a drink as the rest of my party were leaving in a taxi we went outside to say goodbye to them. When we got back into the pub our drinks had been taken away by the bar staff. When we asked where our drinks had gone the lady (I believe the landlady) told us that we needed to let them know that we were coming back in even though we had been out several times before to have a cigarette. Her attitude was patronising and snotty she made no effort to try to correct the situation, we felt that the attitude towards us was that we have your money TOUGH LUCK...her barman even explained that he had taken a full drink from the table. A simple replacement of our drinks would of been we feel the right thing to do. Up to this we had a lovely night but left VERY disappointed. 
Came here with my family and local vicor to decusse our fathers funeral arrangements. my brother slipped on something from the kitchen door , I said it was probably food spilt from kitchen.the young man serving said it was dogs mess from the pub dog captain.yes it was . Have not retuned and will setainly not eat there !! 
most of the food is microwaved and they use the service charge to pay the staff- pretty disgusting behaviour 
On arriving we walked down after seeing a nice bar just to see if there was a table in the garden, there were 5 of us and we saw a table just there with nobody on it. A foreign lady approached us and asked what are we doing here ? I explained we were looking for a table , " wait at the bar by the concierge not here" she replied we went to the bar and a nice barman asked if we would like drinks, I explained that we were waiting for table but we saw one there, he replied "that's strange as we do not take bookings so the lady should of sat you there ? after 10 minutes waiting the lady came again with menus and said she would call us when a table becomes ready ? we waited another 10 minutes and nothing so we left, the barman should be the manager not this lady, we were smartly dressed and felt intimidated. We left and will never go back again, we spent £200 for our meals at The Rose and Crown in Thorpe and had a great evening 
We used to love this place. We lived in Esher for 15 years and went there all the time. We moved to Haslemere and came back to meet friends at the weekend. The place was awful. The menu was similar, the starters were good, but the mains took ages, over an hour, were overcooked (burnt) and the manager's attitude was deplorable. Waiters were very pleasant, esp Elvis.who was trying really hard. I guess it's under new ownership and they are greedy. How short-sighted. No wonder you lost some of the best managers and staff in Esher. Sort yoursleves out or close down.  
we have been to red peppers before found the food /staff very helpful BUT on Friday 04/01/2020 we booked table for 7 people we any just sat down when a waitress ask if we was ready to order said no came back within few minutes she at last you are to order then RUNDNESS comes to mind 4 out 7 left the food as it was either OVERCOOKED or UNDERCOOKED AT no point did she say there is a service charge on the bill she said it is to dispose of unwanted food what crap is she pulling said not paid service charge before she said new rule has came in crap NOT GOING THERE AGAIN SO BE AWARE OF THIS STUNT 
Was really looking forward to lunch with my son today. It wasn't overly busy but we were told the wait for food would be 30 minutes, which was fine. We ordered off the lunch time Sandwich selection. My son had the chicken and avocado sandwich, which looked and tasted lovely. I ordered the Cheese Rarebit, which to me is cheese on toast. I have to say I have absolutely no idea what I received. On top of the bread was some sort of cold squirty cheese and inside massive onions. I did get an apology from the very nice young waiter who did apologise several times. Its a shame the Manager could not be bothered to come out himself and find out exactly what was going on. I was told "oh sorry, it didnt come out right". I have actually ordered this sandwich before in here and it was cheese on toast. 
We decided to take our friends to The Lock Bar and kitchen as they were celebrating a birthday and we were celebrating our anniversary. We had previously been a few years before and were so impressed. 
Whilst staying at the hotel we had dinner at the Lock on Boxing Day. It really was a disaster after such an excellent meal at the Leftbank on Christmas day. The starters were inedible, the mains faired a bit better, but the food was over salty, roast potatoes and gravy were so salty they couldn't be eaten. Roast pork very fatty and rubbery. Dessert a apple, pear, quince & cranberry crumble that disintegrated into a tasteless mushy porridge. The service wasn't great - it wasn't busy (2 other tables) but . We had a dark haired waitress (Spanish or Italian) She was also extremely rude. We sat down at 7:40pm and at 9:50pm waiting for coffee and mince pies we had had enough and left. During the night I was sick and the next morning 3 of our party had dodgy tummies.... I must end by saying the when management were informed of this, they were absolutely brilliant and dealt with it quickly and professionally. 
Unfortunately we had a rather shocking dining experience here on Monday 22nd April. The service started off okay but became progressively worse via a series of faux pas, mainly from a very passive-aggressive waitress, who happened to have blond hair. 
I've Eaten In Here Many Times And The Food Has Always Been Lovely But This Time We Ordered Four Roast Dinners One Came Out Almost Straight Away The Next One Followed About 10 Minutes Later And Then We Waited Over An Hour Asking Several Times For The Next Two In Which Time Are Friends Had Finished Obviously And When We Eventually Got The Last Two Roast Dinners There Was No Vegetables So We Asked And Got Told They Were Just Coming And Then As We Had Almost Finished The Vegetables Came Out So They Never Got Eaten! I Was Very Disappointed We Were Not Even Offered A Drink As An Apology I Will Not Be Rushing Back..... 
The manager was extremely rude to my family and me asking us to leave offering no compromise for my father who wanted to order a vegetarian option through the groupon deal. He had no customer service and was even rude to my mother and squared up to my father. DO NOT GO HERE *TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE* 
As locals we decided to visit the Alma. We arrived and placed our food order around 12.45 only after we had paid were we told that there was a wait of 45 min had we known this beforehand we would not have bothered. We went into the garden which was empty, the tables were dirty and the area very untidy as the garden began to fill we watched food been served long after our order which was nachos and onion rings surely this doesn't take that long to prepare. At 13.45 we could not wait any longer and asked if we could have a refund we were told no we asked if we could take it home, after a further 30 min we were asked if we could return the dishes after saying no we were given the food in a brown bag waiting a further 10 min for the onion rings. After walking home the food was cold and basically looked like something from the bin and even the dog wouldn't eat it so £20 spent on food which was thrown away. The oil from the onion rings dripped everywhere ruining the top I was wearing so more expense. Very disappointed and will not be returning. I also asked for one of the nachos to be without chilli due to a very limited vegaterian options however I still had to pay the same price as the one with chilli very unfair. 
I have visited here several times as I have family in Windsor, but have to admit we won't be back as the place has gone dramatically down hill. Bad service from start to finish, a hostess with a chip on her shoulder and a pub dog that doesn't leave you alone whilst you are eating. The food is often hit and miss, portion sizes vary and you get the feeling that the manager wants you in and out as quickly as possible to turn the table. I would say this a place to have a beer if you are not in a hurry and don't mind a tight squeeze at the bar, but certainly would not recommend for families. Such a shame as it used to be a pub I looked forward to visiting when I was in the area. 
I planned to eat at the Alma recently, but having taken one look at the colourless, tasteless mess on the plate of my wife and my own, I wasn't prepared to put any of that in my stomach. I'm no foodie, but I do appreciate good quality home cooked food and this was something so far removed from that. The 'chips' as they call them are just limp undercooked and horrible that even Mcdonalds would shamefully discard. I don't been want to describe the slap of chicken that was impersonating a Cajun burger. 
Booked lunch for me and my family.. the roast beef was as tough as old boots no joke .. the roast potatoes was hard not fresh chewy which had been reheated in the microwave.. although they replaced the meal the new dish came out exactly the same  
Food is ok but the service is up and down.seem great when the owner is there but it seem to slide when he leaves.there doesn't seem to be a Italian feel to the restaurant ie homemade pasta ext. Food takes a long time to come and takes ages to get drink and pay the bill.  
We have recently moved to the area and visited this restaurant on the basis of the trip advisor reviews. If this is the second best restaurant in Egham, we will not be eating out again. It is more like a truckers cafe - with plastic table cloths and a breakfast menu on the same menu as the dinner menu. The choice was not good. No pizza on the menu! Starters were poor, we ordered a garlic bread as a side, which we had to ask for 3 times. When it came it was like cheap shop bought garlic bread (baguette slices). Mains were just as bad, i ordered risotto, which looked like vomit on a plate and didn't taste much better. Drinks were expensive at £5 a pint and cheapest bottle of wine £17.00 and it had no atmosphere. Safe to say, we will not be returning. 
We had read good things about Rangrez but following our visit we cannot agree. This was one of the worst meals I've had in a long time.  
I can't believe how different two meals can be at the same chain in different locations. 
Wow has to be the worst pub around ! Food is awful, the lady at the bar rude and over charged me by £10.  
Went today for lunch. Walked in bar person stood there no hello no smile and no what can I get you !!! Chose a table ordered at bar.... 2 females slagging off other staff and still no hello.... ordered at bar, sat down my partner has been there before and said it was good... waited nearly 40 mins... it was empty... eventually got our food, no serviettes anywhere to be seen, chips were burnt, burger was over cooked but was starving and was having a bad day as it was... never saw anyone no check if all okay. A smile and friendly staff goes along way, table was dirty all condiments ie salt and pepper were empty, asked for a serviette anyone would think I asked for a million pounds...give me the malt shovel anyway and wished I had drove on to McDonalds .... never again.... 
Diabolical will not return. Had a bout of hayfever and got some very nasty looks off these blokes by the bar and picked up a very funny vibe. 
A high rating based largely on single review reviewers is always suspicious. My experience was the worst that I have had in an Indian and confirmed that mantra.  
Arrived at 1.00pm, ordered food at 1.30, by 2.15 nothing arrived on enquiry we were told the order would arrive soon! At 2.30 two meals arrived, the 5 mins: later too more, ten mins: later one more and 10 mins: later the last one. The time now was almost 3.00pm. added to this the meals were cold and the last two were inedible ! Both were sent back and on of the two people decided to choose a different meal. The changed meal arrived 10mins later, however the other meal had to be sent back a total of three times!!!! The food of the last two meals were burnt, dry and the meat was so tough a steak knife would not cut it! All in all it was just a disgusting experience, added to this there were only two staff covering the entire restaurant and bar and we learnt later that the manager was off duty as were the two chefs and so the Assistant Manager was helping untrained staff in the kitchen!!!!! 
Toilets filthy and this is the LADIES. going home rather than washing my hands in here. Staff not too concerned, personally washing your hands in the toilet pan may have been more hygienic 
We ordered two meals that were of poor quality both in terms of taste and portion size and seemed like something tipped out of a cook/chill packet straight onto the plate. We also ordered a bottle of wine which had not been chilled. Overall very an overpriced disappointing experience. 
Bar man James was a delight. Very helpful. Nothing too much trouble. An asset to the pub. 
I am staying at the hotel nearby so ordered a take away. It was so terrible I had to return the food and ask for my money back. DO NOT eat here. I am an Indian so I can assess good and bad Indian food with confidence.  
I live within a two minute walk of the Swan and Bottle restaurant and therefore i am a frequent visitor, sometimes for a drink at the bar/ beer garden and sometimes for a meal in the restaurant. 
We decided to give this place a try after reading glorifying reviews on timeout. However the place left a lot to be desired and frankly this has to be one of the worst indian restaurant experiences. we are a foodie and have tried almost every known Indian restaurant in central London. Let me explain why we were let down: 
When I arrived I explain that I had been sent vouchers encouraging me to come back and use the swan and bottle. We show these vouchers to the waitress and after a discussion we decided to go with the wine offer . We then choose the wine but the waitress failed to say this was not covered by the offer. when we went to pay she now said they wine we had was not covered. After half hour of debating this we end up paying the full bill and leaving. So disappointed we only went there because of the email invite us back with the vouchers 
Sunday lunch with my wife and daughter,a glorious sunny autumn day with good food and service. The prospect of an enjoyable day . A ll seemed set until we orderred 3 sunday lunches highlighted by the single waiter on duty. The meals actually took almost 45 minutes to arrive. I struggle to be polite here as our one day together was ruined by someone in the kitchen serving up a single aunt bessy type yorkshire per plate the beef had at some point been cooked and then reheated after carving as it was dry and actually black burnt in parts not just the edges.The veg was straight from the freezer and a wet and cold mess. The meal itself was cold not even warm. How can people advertising as a restaurant serve up this trash.I complained to someone we thought may be the manager, he did not seem that surprised .The restaurant said "it was ok as we did not have to pay for the food " .What an insult we did not deserve service this bad. we will not be bothering to return for further as i am sure we could fiind better places that would appreciate our custom. 
Been here for a meal a few times and have always been happy with the meals until today. Ordered two roasts one beef one turkey. Two of the meals were cold and the beef was tough as old boots. Vegetables were few and far between. I ordered a pig in blanket which wasn't on my plate when served up. I pointed out to the waitress and she said she would get it. I still never had it when she asked how my meal was and had to ask again for it. The restaurant was freezing as well even though it was a pleasent evening. 
Decided to go in after a long walk along the Grand Union Canal on a hot sunny Friday. 
We visited the restaurant on the evening of 10 October. Arriving at 18.45 we were immediately seated and by 18.55 had ordered starters and a main course. Wine in hand we chatted and waited patiently for our starters. The restaurant was far from busy. We waited...and waited...and waited. At 19.30 we enquired as the whereabouts of our food and it suddenly magically appeared and was dumped somewhat unceremoniously in front of us. It had obviously been sitting around! The starters were soon eaten and then we looked forward to our “mains”. We waited...and waited...and waited  
Went one lunchtime with a few friends. They didn't have enough Italian beer to go round! An Italian restaurant not having Italian beer? No draught beer at all either so we had bottles. Then they ran out of bottles. The did get some more of the Italian in, but it was warm so they had clearly nipped out to Sainsbury to get it. 
I’ve been to Gezi Park numerous times and I really like the food. So I took my friend there this week to have the cold meze after a long walk. We sat outside due to the social distancing and ordered our food. The service so far seemed ok and nothing to complain about. As we began eating the various dishes I noticed that the hummus tasted funny and I asked my friend what she thought. She said it tasted ‘fizzy’ which meant it was ‘old’ and I agreed. We didn’t eat any more of it and called the waiter over and told him. He said ‘ok’ and disappeared inside to the restaurant- we thought to get fresh hummus. He didn’t return. So then I called the waitress over and told her the same thing. She said ‘ok I tell’ and she disappeared off inside. She didn’t come back either. We soon finished the rest of the food and asked for the bill assuming that the complaint re the hummus would be reflected in the total of the bill. She brought the bill and said nothing about the hummus and there was no reduction in the cost. She went to get the card machine and when she returned I asked her to take off the service charge because we couldn’t eat the hummus. She said ‘service charge is automatic’ so I said ‘as we couldn’t eat the hummus and you didn’t replace Or apologise for it we won’t be paying for it’ 
Went with colleagues from work for a lunch to celebrate our good performance, but only encountered very poor performance from the restaurant.  
Having read the reviews and been impressed by an Italian Concept restaurant I was initially disappointed to see that the premises were a small shack by the side of the Thames. 
Having read the other reviews on Trip Advisor, I was looking forward to eating here. Unfortunately, the food was apalling. I shared the seafood platter with a colleague as a starter and had swordfish as a main course. Both arrived (very very slowly) smelling what could charitably be described as 'old'. The seafood clearly wasn't fresh and everything was doused in chopped parsley to give it an affectation of freshness. In addition the roast potatoes were obviously Aunt Bessies finest. The staff who were Italian would be slapped by their Mammas for serving food made so sloppily from such poor ingredients. 
Absolute disgrace no social distancing on the night before the 2nd lockdown they sat people 50cm apart and even used tables with red crosses on! When I challenged this they said it didn’t matter it was the last night!!!! Very irresponsible. 
Set menu £27.50 pp. This has been a favourite restaurant of ours so we’re really disappointed by the whole experience. Restaurant had a “Special” menu but nothing special about the experience. Candles on table which were not even lit. Food took ages. Hot Meze starter was a plate of fried food, even halloumi was fried. Meat platter uninspiring. Such a shame . Next time we will need to check if they have a special menu and avoid. 
Repulsive old rancid food - ordered a delivery from here as we are in lockdown and it was absolutely disgusting and cost over £40 for 3 dishes and houmous. The main was just one kebab and a bit of rice. Other restaurants do an entire platter for £20. But I thought since I like this place when I eat in it will be worth the £9-12 per dish I was paying. It was not. The salad was out of a bag, with nothing else added to it not even lemon juice, it was just leaves, not the usual you get when you eat in with carrots, pomegranates etc. The meat was dry and horrible as if it was cooked a long time ago not freshly. And then there was the ‘home made’ baklawa. It was OLD. It had gone off, I took a bite and had to spit it out. It was soft smelt and tasted like cheese that had gone off. Absolutely repulsive. It was also £4.50 for 3 pieces. How can they send food like that to people? It was not home made and had clearly been laying around for a LONG time. The order arrived far too quickly as well so it was clear it wasn’t freshly cooked. I do not recommend this place at all. Hygiene isn’t up to scratch during these coronavirus times clearly. Which is just dangerous. I will never order or eat in here again. 
The food was good no complain, the disappointment was the different treatment. We had to call the severes few times to get our drinks or even starters but the table next to us were treated better plus they were at their beck and call while we had to wait several times to get their attention, towards the end I notice they offered them drinks on the house ( the restaurant is very tight in space so they are right beside us) and gave them a card to give reviews, even then we had to call them to get our bill and to pay as well we had to keep getting their attention I m not bothered about the free drinks it’s just the different treatment for us being Asians I felt quite uncomfortable. I never have experienced this before, and it’s not nice to be that spot, for this reason I will never go again. Ps we spent the same money as the table beside us. 
Booked for my 50th Birthday ,,,wanted it to memorable as we had wedding reception at the Runnymede and wanted something special.... 
In 15 years living here Ive tried so hard to love the Two Brewers but time after time it just just staggers me how utterly miserable the staff are. Is working there really so terrible?  
Having read previous reviews, we decided to have a couples dinner earlier in Sep (also taking advantage of the eat-out-to-help-out) scheme, and we were really disappointed.  
Terrible service. My partner and I have visited the restaurant many occasions before. This Saturday we went again very excited. We are Spanish and we have missed the food. The waitress didn’t know the menu and forgot our drinks twice, never apologising. The cutlery was dirty and the service Very slow.We left disappointed. 
This is a restaurant I have gone to since a child and have fond memories of but as of late it has become a no-go. I tried to go for Brunch here back in December and after sitting down was told by staff that they weren’t serving any breakfast options - no explanations given.  
Had lunch at tapas in Westfield shopping centre, white city and was extremely disappointed with their service and GLUTTONOUS attitude. 
Went with my 14 year old son to be informed that under 18s not admitted. Plenty of other places in Windsor to go so not a problem but this place deserves to fail with such an anti family antiquated rule book. It wasn’t busy and I’m not surprised.  
Bizarre that you have to be over 18 to eat lunch. That is so strange as it’s only a Chef and Brewer. Disappointed will be swerving this place as want to eat with my family (children of 12 and 18 so doubt they’ll be running around). Shame! 
I have been here a few times and my last visit was pleasant but it was a late and quiet Saturday afternoon. This visit, I booked a table for two for Sunday lunch. We were shown to a table for two with a boarded up window amongst other guests coats. I asked to move to another table but I was informed they were fully booked by a completely charmless waitress despite a couple of empty tables in the restaurant. City Barge do future guests a favour and completely remove that table from your offering. It’s a disgusting experience and please equip your staff to be more able to deal with unhappy customers. It’s not fair on your inexperienced staff or your guests!  
I bought one very poor portion of meatballs with some vegetables 5.95 pounds and it was like just for the taste and there were just 3 meatballs that they were frozen and after they warm them up. My partner she took as well tapas ham the ham was really bad cut and really small portion approximately 6 pounds. PLUS THEY ASKED US IF WE WANT BREAD WITHOUT TELLING US THAT THE BREAD WILL BE CHARGED. SIMPLY AWFUL.!!!!!and as a return of our complains they returned 6 pounds back and after that the staff they were looking at us with irony. 
My friend and I went to tapas revolution with our babies (3 months and 10 months old). It was 11:45 and the place was empty and the waitresses were very friendly. My 10 month old wanted to crawl around so I let her do so by my chair. The manager was not impressed and told me it might be ‘dangerous’ as there could be glass on the floor. I took the hint and placed her in the high chair. We ordered 4 plates of tapas at 12 and by 1:15 they still had not come out. The waitress told us ‘she forgot to place our order’. The order was mainly for my baby girl who was starving. It was getting close to her nap so I had to cancel our order and leave with a hungry baby. There was no real apology and the manager looked displeased with the presence of babies. Not a family friendly restaurant and not somewhere I will go again! 
I just been to the tapas in Westfield white city , today 18/12/2019 at 8:50 pm ,I took a seat for more than Half an hour with the menu just because I took it myself , no one say hello or ask me if I was ok no one bring 
Would give this a zero if I could. This pub is the ONLY one of its kind that I have ever found that operates a no child policy. Absolutely ludicrous. 
Arrived at 8.30pm looking for something to eat. Barman snatched the menu from my hands and declared that food orders were closed. No regrets. No attempt to squeeze one more in. Customer service? I don't think so. 
Everything was wrong. How hard is it to get an order right. The old waiter asked us twice for our order then got 3 out of 4 drinks wrong then the second attempt 2 were wrong. We gave up. Then my vegetarian friend was served meat when she clearly ordered and checked the veggie meal. The food wasn’t good. No taste and I love pudding and they were vile.  
We have been going to the Ledbury for many years. We have loves our meals over these years. Tonite's meal was boring, uninspired and a bad combination of really awful seafood and deer. I would rather have had fish and chips at the Westbury than put up with a chef who us to me taking for granted his audience and producing bland could be anywhere food. Based on tonite I am a no show going forward. Service is perfunctory, professional but totally impersonal and lack lustre. It runs like a well oiled machine but without personality or feeling. 
Two of us for lunch on Wednesday. Have been to this pub quite a few times over the last 20 years. I was therefore so disappointed at our experience. Only us and another couple in the pub. There were two bar staff. The music was blaring which they turned down when asked. The two staff just seemed to be interested in themselves , talking loudly to each other. The girl went on about what she was going to have for lunch and then proceeded to sit down in the pub and eat. They then opened all the doors because it was a nice day apparently. Yes it was but still around 10 degrees outside. Then to cap it all some miserable woman came in and proceeded to open the gambling machine and add up all the cash. Not noisy at all. Then a conversation followed on how the machine was doing. It was as if we the customers didn’t exist. There needs to be some serious retraining done. Done or not , we won’t be going back. 
Having eaten at the Two Brewers years ago and always liked it as as pub, I booked a table for my mother’s birthday meal. The booking was made weeks ago and I provided a name and contact number.  
Having visited this pub several time in the fast few years, the service has dropped considerably  
Very disappointing lunch for 8 people at City Barge. I have eaten here before and food was reasonable Pub food but this was well below par. One of the dishes was inedible and was sent back. Lack of consistency is a big problem for restaurants but I would have been more concerned about a customer being unable to eat a dish served up . 
Went with high expectations but was left very let down by poor food and terrible service. 
Don’t bother for a Sunday roast with a family.. no babies allowed inside so we opted to sit outside. Then told they don’t serve food outside. What a joke.  
After a reasonable meal with slightly indifferent service I asked for the cheese. 
My friend and I love Tapas revolution. We were going for years, however last Friday we were disappointing – actually they did destroy our Friday evening. Before they had amazing two guy’s managers who was smiling and you can see they have control over all restaurant – this Friday was not a case. There was a young girl – who have no idea how to deal with customers. She actually was unprofessional and I have huge believe she didn’t understood very well English. How you can order Churros and she order Chorizo. I believe her Spanish was not good enough either. Everything you are saying she is saying OKAY. I worked many years in restaurants like manager, but I have never seen so unprofessional person in my life. Shame you promoting this kind of person who cannot deal with customers and she answers all the time OKAY.  
Booked 12 noon (October 27, 2019) Lunch was almost perfect (fine dining, ambiance, cosy, quick / fast serving of food with lots of staffs around you & reasonable posh priced good food) ...BUT it was the attitude of IKRAM (supervisor of the day ...& the one who took our orders) was a bit snooty and indirectly rude when i was querying to an added order (hot drink) of their Sunday's set menu. Courtesy and respect is the top criteria and requirement (all over the world) to make customers be enticed to return. 
This is the first time in my life I experience something like this, as soon as I got inside this establishment I was kindly asked to leave because my son was not welcome, I was pointed to the door where it clearly stated that dogs are welcome but children aren't.  
The decor is lovely and the barman was nice but we found a female member of staff most unpleasant - we were innocently sitting at a certain part of the bar which apparently was considered to be a reserved table for two diners despite the fact there was no 'reserved sign'. The way she asked us to leave (tone of voice & body language) left us feeling very negative about the place for a long time afterwards. 
Being local to The City Barge, we've been many times. Unfortunately, it's slowly slipped from a fun experience to a place to avoid. 
We had heard so much about the place. Boy were we disappointed. The food was cold and sent back, the presentation was over fussy and poor and flavours didn’t work. Even worse if you pay £10 extra to have a steak it comes with nothing...not even a piece of parsley! You have to pay an additional £4 for chips and £4 for a vegetable dish so that’s £18 on top of the £42 you have already paid. Appalling. The service was fast but this is why food is cold as it’s clearly been sat under warmers for some time getting cold. Don’t bother and don’t believe the hype 
After a lovely visit to Windsor Castle me and my family went for a drink in this beautiful and well presented pub. The staff was just rude and behind the counter on their phones. We left saying goodbye and thank you and no response from the rude staff. Disgusting  
Made a booking with colleagues and unfortunately had to cancel at short notice due to a member of our party falling ill and being taken to a&e. When we called to let them know I received an incredibly rude response from the manager who said it was unacceptable to cancel a lunch booking, didn’t believe our reason for the cancellation and informed me that our business was not welcome. Previously used this pub a lot due to its proximity but would definitely not go back somewhere I was made to feel so unwelcome 
We went to visit this place for the first time to order some dinner. We set down at the bar with other people already sitting there just to be told that they don’t serve food anymore on that side of the bar. Very well,so we moved to the other side and were asked what we would like without any menu being presented to us to know what they have at all. We then asked for a menu. We looked and ordered the tapas and drinks. The drinks came out straight away. After 30 minutes of waiting for the food we asked the staff how long will it still take for the food to come. They looked at us clueless saying that they forgot to register the order. We were very disappointed and it’s the last time we will visit this place. Very unprofessional staff and very distracted. As a compensation they offered us the drinks for free. We left and ordered somewhere else where the food actually arrived in 10 minutes. 
I booked a table through Open Table for Sunday lunch. There were 2 of us and we reserved a table "outside". We travelled down there from North London. On arrival the girl at the central desk informed us that our table was inside in a corner at the back. We could not even see the river from there. She then proceeded to talk to and deal with another customer who had approached here and ignored us. When we managed to get her attention again she said we could look for a table outside but they did not take bookings for outside and they were having some problems with Open Table. When we looked outside there were of course no free tables and the waitress outside was telling customers there was up to an hour wait for food for those already there and that the kitchen was closing for any further customers. We went back inside and asked the girl at the central desk how long we would have to wait. She went off to check, but when she came back again ignored us and we had to ask her again the question. Her response was that it could be up to 40 minutes but it could be more. Her lack of customer care was so bad that we decided to leave. I wouldn't go back there again after that. 
Just left a beautiful pub due to rude unwelcoming staff who prefer to chat amongst themselves and make customers feel awkward.  
Been going for years to lovely local on the river. New staff deliver lamentable service and blame the customer. Really shocking. There are plenty of other pubs on the river - give this one a miss. 
Poor service with bad attitude  
I went for a Christmas meal with my company and expecting exceptional quality and got mediocre was really disappointing. Will not be turning. 
We used to frequent this pub a lot, mainly to eat after it was refurbished and "gastroed" up. It was always a bit pricey, but the quality of the food and service justified it ( just about)...sadly however we have been twice in Dec. The service is appalling now, slow and completely inattentive, left with no drinks for 20 mins, plates left on table (both only remedied when ASKED). An hour to bring a starter ( a cold one btw) other tables pleading for food while waiters stood talking at the pass due to no food emerging. This was Xmas Day at £85 a head btw... After the first visit we e mailed to complain mainly because we had a Xmas Day booking, and were assured "it wasnt up to their usual standards". Unfortunately I think it is their usual standards nowadays. A picture of the Xmas lunch below along with the amazingly decorated restaurant for Xmas Day. This place is atrociously managed and the kitchen seem to struggle to manage (even btw on a week night with 2 tables occupied) a proper disaster. Xmas Day ruined. I demanded they charge 50% of the food which the manager ( who chose to address all her responses to another person at the table despite me speaking to her) blamed the table next to us for complaining about sitting for an hour with no food for " starting a chain of events". Utterly appalling.  
I am all for dog friendly pubs but in my opinion staff shouldn’t be stroking locals dogs and then serving food to me it’s really off putting  
If you got this in Spain, they wouldn’t charge you. Service appalling, refused to write down order then got it wrong. No garlic on the garlic bread, just dry bread, no drinks for diabetics. Avoid, even if you are hungry 
So first of all the staff are great we went on a sunday for sunday roast . Ok now it was priced at £17.90 which i dont mind paying ‘if ‘ the portion and quality can command that price. Ok so roast had ‘2’ slices of beef with veg and gravy and roast potatoes!!! I kid you not ive had better roast at a wetherspoons for half the price! 
First time visit and would never return. Whilst the food was good having to wait over an hour for the main courses to arrive was far too long. Gave up on desert and just got the bill as after another half hour wait and no sign of desert we had run out of patience. 
This place is a stand alone snack bar in a shopping centre. They serve warmed up pre-prepared Spanish Tapas. I enjoyed a meal of quite ordinary food, nothing inspiring.The wine was nice. Unfortunately, that night I came down with severe food poisoning which I can only put down to the squid ink seafood rice. My partner didn't share that meal and she was OK. It took me over 4 days to recover and even now I'm not a 100%.  
It's with regret that I'm writing this, as I have had good food on the past. But as I usually always order takeaway I have found that more than half these times there are issues with my orders.  
The setting and pub itself is lovely, but Ive rated it so badly as after we had ordered drinks following the Long Walk at 4pm, a woman, quite curtly told us that children can not be in the Inn and we would have to go outside. My daughter is 15, very mature acting and wa drinking water. We all felt the woman's manner was really off and my daughter rightly felt quite steeped. We drank up in 5 mins and left. There are signs outside, along with numerous other restrictions. The sign has a crawling toddles being prohibited from entry. 
I'm a vegetarian and occasionally restaurants mix up their orders and serve me a meat variety of the vegetarian meal I've ordered. This is pretty upsetting but in my experience, the manager usually appears, apologises a lot and does everything possible to make the evening enjoyable, despite the fact they've just accidentally made me eat a mouthful of meat.  
just two waiters for many people. long waiting time to eat only 4 croquettes. more than 20 minutes waiting to eat food heated in the microwave. no apology from the manager "we are bussy" 
The bar staff are rude and arrogant . The manager needs to read these reviews and have a shake up or do some staff training! My first ever negative review on TripAdvisor l usually prefer to praise than criticise but the staff were unhelpful and up themselves! 
In all honesty I was deeply disappointed.  
My family booked ahead for a meal before a funeral for our loved one. The service was appalling. It took 90 mins just to get our mains, and the desserts were delayed by nearly 45 minutes, despite being pre booked. We had a time schedule which they were aware of and a clear 2 hour window to deliver pre booked mains and desserts. With only 10 mins until the start of the service, we decided to leave and abandon hope of ever receiving our desserts. As we were walking out one of the waitresses said desserts were ready and did we want to take them away with us? What, to a funeral? I found this very insensitive and just plain disappointing. The City Barge will always be memorable part of this sad day - and not for any of the right reasons. 
I'm delighted for those who have had a good experience here but my encounter this morning has left me cold. My daughter (aged 3) and I arrived at around 9.30am for a spot of breakfast and ordered a black coffee, apple juice, pancakes with blueberries and black cherry jam plus a sausage muffin. Straightforward enough you would think - clearly not. First, we were brought an orange juice instead of apple...easy mistake to make and apologies were offered so absolutely no harm done. Then we waited ages for our food and were finally brought pancakes with maple syrup and bacon instead of the black cherry jam/blueberries that we had ordered. I politely explained this and was offered no apology - instead I was told (huffily) we'd have to wait while they 'cooked it all again.' Getting the order right was apparently a huge inconvenience to the serving staff and there was lots of staring at the plate, seemingly in the hope that it would metamorphose into what we'd actually ordered! Then, to add insult to injury, the sausage muffin - apparently due to be served with a caramelised onion jam came with no condiments of any description and the sausage 'patty' was barely larger than a 50 pence piece. Most people would easily have consumed it in 2 bites. I was tempted to simply soldier on, particularly as I had a very hungry 3-year old to deal with, but was so appalled at the (lack of) food, inability to deliver what was ordered and basic lack of care on the part of the staff that I asked for my drinks bill (which took far too long to be provided to me) and left. A mumbled apology as we exited didn't really cut the mustard. I really should have realised when we arrived and ascertained that we were the only customers in the whole place...I won't be making that mistake again. Very, very poor. 
We visited the Swan and Bottle restaurant as we have done regularly over the years and never had any problems. 
sunday evening meal , I was expecting good food as I have experienced in the past during the week , far from it , food appearance looked re-heated and dried , sadly it was as it appeared . 
Menu was the kind of thing you had to either be a trained chef to understand, or use google translate. The main menu had literally nothing that appealed to my wife or me, so we decided to book the brasserie, which had slightly less pretentious food options, albeit massively overpriced. The place looked nice enough, although it was quite dimly lit. 
Arranged an evening meal with good friends at Gezi in Wanstead . The food was average if not below. However, worst of all staff was dead keen to ensure quick turnover following the EAT AND LEAVE motto. Never again!!! 
We had planned to meet friends there for lunch today. We had our children with us not knowing children were not permitted in the pub. It was pouring with rain and as we entered the woman screamed at my children to get out! So incredibly rude and unnecessary. Aparently dogs are welcome there and not children, I am sure the dogs are better behaved than the employees.  
The place (bar) is half empty, but we might have more people coming. Apparently two in the bush is more important that the bird in the hand to these guys. Terrible service from the very start 
I visited the Ledbury on new years day with my fiance, i had very high expectations of this establishment, i ordered the Cornish cod, i ended up with a over cooked and bone filled fish on a dirty plate, i even found a nail in my food this is what pushed me to make this review, I have never wrote a review before but for a restaurant with two Michelin stars i would expect much better i will never be visiting the place again and wont recommended people to come here, i am hoping that this is a one of occurrence. 
Was in Windsor for a day out with my 15 year old daughter. Having visited the castle I 'googled' and found the best pub was supposedly the 'Two Brewers'.It looked very nice and welcoming on the outside. I noticed the tables on the pavement were fully occupied - a good sign I thought. Inside the place was mostly laid up for dining so that suited us. I indicated to the young bar staff that we would be eating and ordered our non-alcoholic drinks and then was about to order our lunch when the young girl said that you had to be 18 to eat inside. The conversation then went something like - 
Another long queue at the bar, one person serving, no apology or even recognition that the long wait is not acceptable. Then after an even longer wait for the 1 meal we ordered, we were told they'd lost it ! 
Subject: Two Brewers Pub 
My first and by far my last ever visit to this place! Way over priced and when do u EVER only get one roast potato and no Yorkshire pudding on your Christmas dinner!? My baby is 18 months (we told them that she would not be eating but still had to pay for her) and her desert consisted of cherries full of liquor!! It was a very uncomfortable Christmas Day and due to the lack of atmosphere in the restaurant we had to keep taking our baby out to entertain her. All very very rushed over £700 for 10 people, we had a much nicer meal and atmosphere in a curry house on Boxing Day there were 20 of us, lots of drink and less that half the price! My biggest advice to future customers.... READ TRIP ADVISOR FIRST!! 
Now that is not the strap line I was expecting to write. As the parents of 2 young children getting a night off to go and have a nice dinner out takes on almost mythical status in our household. Having always gone to the City Barge over the years we booked a table and looked forward to a nice dinner and some time to ourselves. However tonight was going to be VERY different. The service has always been a bit hit and miss but the food had always made up for it and the location is simply excellent. This time however the food could not rescue the service. Because it never arrived.  
Four of us came here for a birthday celebration dinner and left hugely disappointed.  
I’ve visited lots of wonderful restaurants in the UK and Europe over the past twenty years and was genuinely looking forward to a visit to Chapter One on Christmas Day, just a shame it was such a sobering experience.  
My girlfriend and I came here and sat outside in the sun for some drinks which was really nice. Then we decided to head inside for dinner.. we were told just as we had ordered that there was a 40 min wait for food. We decided to stay but asked if we could have some chips to come out early as we were very peckish. The chips arrived after 1 hour of waiting, our main meals following 5 mins later after this rendering the chips to snack on pointless. The tofu was deep fried beyond recognition, the soft shell crab burger was just batter and the side of veg was floating in a pool of butter. Nothing about this meal was good.. it's massively overpriced and service was terrible and yet they add a 12.5% service charge for this. Recommend this place for a drink outside by the river.. wouldn't come here for food. 
My girlfriend and I came here and sat outside in the sun for some drinks which was really nice. Then we decided to head inside for dinner.. we were told just as we had ordered that there was a 40 min wait for food. We decided to stay but asked if we could have some chips to come out early as we were very peckish. The chips arrived after 1 hour of waiting, our main meals following 5 mins later after this rendering the chips to snack on pointless. The tofu was deep fried beyond recognition, the soft shell crab burger was just batter and the side of veg was floating in a pool of butter. Nothing about this meal was good.. it's massively overpriced and service was terrible and yet they add a 12.5% service charge for this. Recommend this place for a drink outside by the river.. wouldn't come here for food. 
Waiting staff are ok but upper management aeriously need to sort out their attitude... was actually told I was less important than some other guests!! And good was no where’s near worth the money... in fact I didn’t eat most of mine... this was my first visit and cost me nearly 200 quid and I’ve had better more enjoyable meals at ten for a tenner at my local pub. Staff just stand around chatting with each other and have no real sense of good service. I would avoid this place! 
Attended this pub to have a meal & a drink, bar lady with blonde hair had no manners, didn't even give any eye contact when paid for my drink, just stood there with her hand open, then came along to my table & took the menu off me without any explanation, then too busy chatting outside on her phone, never came across anyone this rude before, not good enough !!! 
I used to order by deliveroo when I'm at work. Today we went in Westfield for shopping and we decided to have our dinner in this "restaurants". Since we arrive they ask us to sit to the other side (apparently without any reason, it wasn't busy). We place our order and they brought dirty forks, they forget to bring olives and almonds, the "chef" in the kitchen was touching our croquetas with his hands when the waiter finish to bring our food he brought us also the bill without asking if we want order something else.  
From the start, waiters appeared to be too busy with their own amusing asides throughout our meal to consider whether the paying guest was happy. When we were presented with the food there was a cursory description so quick and off-the-cuff with apparently no interest in what they were describing, as to be difficult to understand. This lack of customer care also applied to the maitre d’ who took our card and completed the transaction with no nicety, including a smile or a ‘thank you’ and without checking if we’d enjoyed the meal. More importantly the food was mediocre, both the combination of ingredients plus value for money, eg 2 very small scallops and a larger potato croquette which came with a supplementary charge. The extra charge also applied to the small piece of halibut. Why? The prices are top dollar as it is. The charge was neither reflected in the service nor the food. Very disappointed. We won’t be returning. 
This restaurant is da worst turkish restaurant i have ever been to. 
I’m a supporter of this franchise, but it’s only as good as the people who are front-facing. I used to come here when Gustavo was manager, and business was booming. You had to queue to get a seat most days. All staff were happy, attentive and made you feel welcome.  
We visited this restaurant on Friday night, there were 6 of us. 
Waited for 20 mins trying to get the attention of our waiter and in that time not even water was offered. When we got up to leave a waiter did finally take notice but did not even offer an apology and seemed indifferent to our staying or leaving.  
Went to have lunch with my husband and 13 week old baby, was told by a gentleman behind the bar we could only sit outside as the pushchair took up too much room!!! It was far to cold to sit outside with a baby and went somewhere else to eat. Disgusted we were turned away because of having a baby in a push chair. 
Fell in love with tapas following a visit to Paco Meralgo in Barcelona (great tapas if you ever visit Barcelona). Been searching the UK to find real tapas, we thought as Omar Allibhoy tv chef has put he’s name to this might be worth trying........Omar Allibhoy you need to take a look at your product. This will be my one and sadly only visit, the bar that we sat at was dirty, untidy, ok not the end of the world, ordered about 10 dishes to get a good selection of the menu between two of us. OMG shocked watching the waiter/chef, reheating everything in the microwave and convector heater oven (yes read other reviews when tapas revolution dispute reheating food, but I saw it for myself, shocking is this really tapas or should it be called crapas). Food not fresh, simple, using great produce as tapas should be. Overly salty, over powered with Paprika that hadn’t been cooked out raw, reheated rice, better chicken wings at KFC, bottled mass produced sauces, this place is a vehicle for Omar Allibhoy to make himself weathly or he’s management team are misleading him, focusing on the margin instead of repeat customers, life blood of business, FAKE TAPAS= CRAPAS. This is nothing more than a FAKE fast food joint with service charges, having spent £70 (including 12.5% service charge, so expect restaurant quality) meal for two it’s not fast food prices, I could have gone to a real restaurant for the cost of this fast food faker. Omar Allibhoy You need to deal with this, if only you could have recreated real tapas would have been happy to pay more, and return again and again. Sadly this is not for you if you want to try tapas for the first time, it will put you off one of the worlds greatest cuisines. Not impressed Omar Allibhoy. Take a look at Raymond Blanc Brasserie Blanc to see how a chain with a celeb name does it right, should have spent my money there. 
Tried to visit on a beautiful day for a quick drink. My partner and I we're the only people standing at the bar. There were two bar staff there, one of which acknowledged me but continued to pour a drink. After 5 minutes of us still waiting, another man came to the bar and was served within 5 seconds! We swiftly left after this blatant rudeness and lack of customer service skills! 
We booked a table for 4 adults and a high chair for our child. The table they set aside was completely unsuitable so had the child in my lap for the entire meal.  
I think the name should be lamb kebab with lighter fuel. I have been here twice and the first time I went in the service was alright but the food tasted of lighter fuel. When I managed to catch the waiter and explained he did replace it but it still tasted of lighter fuel. I suspect the charcoal grill is started with flaminant and that is what I tasted anyway went back early lunchtime and the same thing happened so wont be going back again. Wine is overpriced as well. 
Waited an hour and a half for food. Never did arrive. No explanation or apology. Walked out in the end. 
We went for lunch when shopping in Westfield.  
To begin with we were seated at a table with a very obvious slant... Not just a slight slant either, one diners soup nearly spilled over the edge of the bowl when it arrived! The most expensive starter was the king prawns and we ordered two of them. We received four standard prawns on toast. The £7 something price tag was an absolute rip off! There were no fishcakes available either.  
My husband and I tired to eat at The Lock the first night we stayed at Runnymede-on-Thames. We arrived at the restaurant at 5:58 and were told they didn't open until 6:00. After they confirmed we were a guest at the hotel, because they were only open to guest that night, they told us to have a seat at the bar and they would seat us when they were ready to open. At the bar were 2 locals upset that they could not eat in the restaurant that night. They were complaining that they had been there many times and every time they are told that they are only servicing guest that night. The locals were very upset and I have to say it made me feel a little uncomfortable. As we were waiting we had 2 other restaurant employees come up to us to make sure we were guest in the hotel. A 3rd took our room number. We waited forever. A few other parties came in and were seated, but no one ever came for us. After waiting a good 40 minutes we gave up and went to the hotel bar, where we encountered the same odd questioning about being a hotel guest. 
So as a group of 6 plus 2 toddlers, we booked a table, arrived early - fine, we was seated. We got out own drinks and ordered our food at the bar. 1 hour later manager comes over, and says we have sold out of pork (we ordered an hour ago), change one meal, 20 mins later, comes back, no fish on premises so the kids meals have to be changed. roast and pasta ordered. 10 mins later, food arrived and we are told no pasta! oh good. 'what have you got left' replies 'everything else' Erm no you haven't!! ok Pizza please. another meal was missing which followed a while later. but one child had to sit with no food and everyone else eating. Until something that had half baked cheese on it arrived. 
Good range of drinks but unfortunately the service is woefully slow and poor. Two women eventually served me after nattering and wondering around the bar area. On other occasions they've left people waiting for ages, forgetting who arrived first.  
I've been to the stag before and I've always had a nice time, however today I was served by someone named Will, who was particularly rude and inconsiderate. I found him to bully the other members of staff and to be particularly misunderstanding towards the needs of his customers. I hope for the stake of the stag they find someone more helpful to work as a bartender and waiterZ 
This used to be a good pub, they had great local Windsor beers and good food. Not anymore. Beers are off the list, you cannot order anything else than lunch menu (in reality only two decent options and than two salads) and we had to wait nearly an hour for the lunch to come. The guy waiter was not attentive and on borderline to being straightforward rude, despite we were as nice and understanding as possible. Get the decent beers back, and get yourself in shape. 
Well what can one say but very disappointed , was here December last year and was very good and also busy with Xmas crowds staff handled it all very well . But last night quiet Friday half the customers and dreadful service from beginning to end , hot food served on cold plates , warm water served in bottles on table ordered 3 puddings that never arrived after 30 mins made aware still took 10 minutes to actually acknowledge missing desserts . By then the moment had gone . Paid bill and left . 
This place has had a fantastic make over really nice interior and very comfortable its also rather expensive for what is offered the service is not particularly good my food was frozen in the middle we were not charged 
This wins the price for the least interested, aloof. dismissive staff in the universe. Coffee is weak, the food is average, half the premises are closed and reviewing this over a year the place has gone downhill 
Went to the city barge for Friday lunch with partner.It was busy outside(at the back) but not phenomenonally so, and empty inside. The waitress came to give us menus after a long wait. She started talking about the specials and then just walked off as we were about to start ordering. When I tried to get her attention she made a point of ignoring me. I very very rarely post bad reviews- and can honestly say I have never experienced such intentionally rude service. I put up with incompetent service if people try to help. Was shocked. We left without ordering and went down the road to Cafe Rouge, where the waiter was lovely. Appalled. 
I recently booked Chapter one for lunch as a treat for some old friends of mine that we hadn’t seen for a while... we were all very excited especially my friends who hadn’t been for years, it was just the 4 of us. 
We ordered this last week and we were fairly impressed with the food. The delivery was more than an hour late but we decided the food was nice so ordered again today - what an awful mistake! First of all, we were given the wrong order for one of our dishes, I ordered the spinach and paneer and received a random potato dish instead which was cooked in the same sauce as my chicken dish (which was disgusting) - the chicken dish was extremely watery and had no flavour - we ordered it the week before and were quite impressed, but this was virtually a different dish. On top of all this, the naans were awful - the keema naan was lumpy and meaty, and the Peshawari had no filling (as you can see in the photo) - lastly, the dishes were half full! As I mentioned we ordered before and the portion sizes were completely different. All in all, don’t waste your money. Inconsistent and lacklustre. 
Very bad Indian! I ordered a takeaway from Rara today. The food was not nice at all. We ordered chicken Tikka Masala and the lamb pasanda. The chicken seemed as though it was just thrown in the sauce and the same with the lamb, however it was hard and tasteless. This was the only Indian open in the area before 17:30 and I wish I had waited because it was an awful experience. Not worth the money.  
It was Saturday evening and the restaurant was half empty. So myself and a friend figured we'd have a drink some nibbles and dessert. The waitress reluctantly seated us, after having told us everything was reserved. As we sat - to make a decision on everything we were ordering we asked if we could also see a dessert menu. She very rudely replied the patisserie is closed and walked away. We walked out and sat across the road at a restaurant. I could see into Sowa, and the tables they had 'reserved' were empty for more than 2 hours (it was 10 pm!!!).  
This pub caters primarily for the dead - that's to say for funeral parties from the nearby crematorium. These gatherings take over the entire lounge bar leaving only the public bar for other customers. 
Unhygienic conditions of food preparation storage and display! Food delivered by a strongly smelling service personnel with strong makeup including unhygienic plastic long nails with hair all over the food and all preparation areas! 
To put it bluntly they were very coarse when dealing with us and racist. Such backward minded people shouldn’t be working in a place like London where it is so multicultural.  
This is a perfect example of a lazy establishment (and staff) spoilt by the tourist location. The middle aged waitress was openly rude, impatient and appeared to be very irritated. She went out of her way to make our life difficult. The food was absolutely horrendous and old. Smelly, as thin as paper, very small, chewy; stated in the menu as "steak" (something you would not give to your dog even), was put in a cheap 10p ciabatta, smeared with cheap "I can't believe it's butter" spread. Vinegary wine by the glass. No salad with the sandwich, which cost £10. Beer was warm. About a minute after we were served the drinks we were asked (by the same waitress) whether we wanted another drink?!? Astonishing! Obviously it didn't matter to the staff very much, because they were not bothered with customer satisfaction at all. It was just a conveyer belt for tourists, with no human approach and respect for people. Factory for money! What a shame! For such a nice location, and in a town visited by millions every year, this is a wasted potential, but also dangerously bad food! I would never visit again! And would strongly recommend to potential punters: Stay away! 
Went there on a Sunday evening for a roast, we were seated to our table, and our orders were taken. We ordered two Sunday roasts and drinks worth up to £20. Our drinks arrived 15 minutes later, we sat waiting for our food...after 30 minutes the waitress came over to our table and informed us that there were no Yorkshire puddings left! What is a roast without Yorkshire pudding! The issue is the horribly slow service and after waiting and paying for drinks we couldn't even finish to be told that! The staff need to be more aware of what is going on in the kitchen and inform customers sooner so they don't sit there wasting their time and spending money on drinks they don't have the chance to consume. 
Went for a meal, very very bad welcoming, came across very rude and had an attitude. I asked if we had to pay service charge, if we liked their services obviously we would pay, he said we are a 5 star restaurant you should pay, I told him again if his service was good I would pay, he went away and then came back and said it wasn’t compulsory and I had to pay, I felt very uncomfortable with his attitude, I wasn’t rude in any way, I have been to seafood restaurants in London that have better prices and polite staff. Would never go again 
The place has dropped considerably of late now it's a dark, smelly establishment. This place used to be the 'in' place to visit. However now it's full of drunken lecherous clientele and their hangers on. 
Ever wondered what it's like to be invisible. Try ordering a drink here on a Sunday afternoon from one of the many handsome, shiny, well-bred staff. Still worth a look around its quirky interior, nobody will bother you, then head down the road to one of Windsor's many other fine pubs. 
Went for Sunday lunch. Fixed menu. Had prawn cocktail which had virtually no sauce. 4 lettuce leaves on a plate with some prawns in the middle of them. No lemon, no paprika, no cucumber or tomato - very poor. Then a fish pie with half a boiled egg in? Stringy mange tout and unseasoned mixed root vegetable mash! Also dogs now apparently ok in a restaurant. £200 better spent elsewhere. Used to love coming here as a treat. Now overpriced and really poor food. Won’t be going back. 
Had the misfortune to visit during our visit to Windsor. The young male member of staff working on Sunday evening over easter bank holiday unfortunately ruined our visit. His false smile followed by the grimace once he thought we weren't looking was a complete insult. Could never recommend until the bar staff realise that visitors are their bread and butter.  
It appears the owners or staff have taken offense at my last posting because I used the word 'crap' and they had the posting removed. Is this what TripAdvisor has come to...bowing to the owners so they don't get bad reviews and therefore not have to improve their service or up their game. I hope the owners have more respect than to do this. They could reply to the posting should they wish ...and say thank you and we take your comments seriously and we are striving to improve.  
Food was not freshly prepared and taste was terrible - we had menu del dia, torre mdulce; chorizo sidra, tortilla, patatas bravas etc. The food is actually frozen and just reheated or re- deep fried and served - very disappointed. 
Ordered take away for delivery. Food was late and cold. Rang to check where the food was as it was 40 mins late. Spoke to the manager who was rude, dismissive and argumentative. In short he couldn’t care. Food eventually arrived 50 mins late. Very poor experience. Bad food, late food and cold! 
Recently I ordered food from this place but unfortunately my experience at this restaurant was very bad. I will never order from here again. 
Beware their particularly failed online booking system 
Entering Windsor on a cold December's night, we (a group of early twentie business professionals) decided to take a visit to the Two Brewers.  
The reviews on here seem to be either very positive or very negative. It's interesting that the negative reviews are not about the food - but about problems with rude/arrogant staff. I can sadly confirm that. 
We visited for dinner on the evening of the general election. We should have known this was not a good omen! This was one of our worst restaurant experiences. The poppadoms were ok but came with very small portions of two unpleasant dips. This felt very stingy and was not a good start. One of our chicken main courses contained undercooked chicken - it was raw in the middle. This was sent back and replaced with a different chicken dish - again the chicken was undercooked and sent back. At that point we gave up, finished the other dish (checking carefully that the chicken was in fact cooked properly) and the naan, and left (hungry). The highlight was the absolutely delightful waitress who did her very best to sort out the problems but unfortunately she was badly let down by the kitchen. The one star is for her. 
Today I had lunch at the Wharf. It was recommended by a friend who had been there a few times and who accompanied me.  
This was our 4th visit to The City Barge. We thought we'd give them another chance as the first time we went we got very bad service, the 2nd and third time was ok, so we thought we'd give them another chance.  
Had a 'meal' delivered by deliveroo tonight...the meal was promptly delivered by deliveroo and i have no complaints with them at all... 
We have been getting takeaways most Sunday evening for years - they never recognise us on the phone, very unfriendly, and quite often get the order wrong - the food has gone downhill - it’s often overcooked and tastes as if it’s been sitting around for too long - very disappointing - we won’t be back! 
I'm not even sure I can call it "service", it was just ridiculous. 
Food 
I heard a lot about Tapas revolution so we decided to get couple of tapas before the cinema. 
Tried this for first time. Tried to book between 6 and 8 pm online. Stated not available ! Arrived at 8 pm booked table , restaurant was empty. ! Ordered lamb and vegetables. Was Cold so sent it back !! Returned and was fairly hot. Vegetables had no seasoning at all. The leg of Lamb was half full of fat. Again absolutely no taste ! And expensive for what it was . Hubby had baby chicken and was very dry and burnt on top. Complained to waitress and just said I’m sorry will let the chef know. This is not a Lebanese chef and has no idea how to cook Lebanese Will never go there again !! 
Booked for set menu Sunday lunch. On arrival we received two different menus? non of which were Sunday set menu. We asked why. They said due to lockdown it was not possible to do the set menu. So we had to order off the Ala Carte Menu. Why should lockdown affect a set menu? Haha more profit from Ala Carte. The wine was exactly twice the price for the same bottle in an Italian on Teddington high street. A soiled table cloth, poor service and food disappointing. The 8 of us all agreed. We won’t be going back !!! 
I was looking forward to this place however I was extremely disappointed. The set menu came and it was no more than a few dips, some flatbread a small bowl of salad and a plate of meat which was over dry and looked reheated several times over. The shawarma was hard chewy and curled up at the edges. This was between 3 people at a cost of £66 for it. it also cane with baklava but even that had biscuits on it to pad it out rather than getting a proper portion of baklava. This restaurant charges ridiculous prices for under average food and I definitely won’t be going again. 
Very disappointing meal out with friends. The reviews were really good so thought it was a safe bet. However the food was extremely poor. The chicken we had for the main wasn’t cooked properly, pink in places. We told the waitress who admitted the chef hadn’t cooked it properly and was extremely apologetic having admitted this was the case. The bill was then reduced by 25% as an admittance of wrong doing. I would never go here again and am so surprised the reviews for here as so good! 
As surrey locals we had visitors staying with us, we decided to take them out for lunch in Windsor. Went to the two brewers and say outside the female brought us out menus and told us someone would be out to take our order. After sometime with no one come to take the order. I went inside and asked a young scruffy male behind the bar with a white untucked shirt if we could place an order, this was clearly an effort from the outset, when he realised we were sitting outside, he made it obvious how much of an inconvenience it was for him. He came out and his words were "what do you want?"  
Great little pub it would seem, but I cannot believe how unfriendly the staff are. Plenty of empty tables but it was clear that our table of 4 was an effort to them - I honestly cannot believe we were treated. Such a shame but I would certainly avoid if you are you looking for a traditional English welcome. 
Having had an email confirmation,IDLXIZAX,from the lock bar and restaurant at the Runnymede Hotel for dinner for our 39th wedding anniversary, I was astounded to get a call cancelling it four days before the event. We were told that hotel guests had been given our booking and we were offered the next evening. Not much use. 
- staff unwelcoming with little customer service skills  
Following a visit from an international lawyer, I decided to give a tour of the Westfield Shopping along with my partner. 
Rude staff every time!! We have been here now, on several occasions and have been totally shocked at how rude the staff are! Last week we got kicked out of the pub before closing time because they wanted to clear up early and this week we were told we could not have food even though the kitchen was still open! 
Waited for 40 mins and no food materialised (this was a quiet evening). The staff were more interested in scoffing the food themselves than attending to customers. I will not be returning. Staff made no effort to make amends 
This was my first visit to this restaurant despite living around the corner to the venue for the last 17 years. Given the other comments from other diners below, I was very disappointed with the service. This is a small, narrow restaurant with 6 tables upstairs and 6 tables downstairs. We sat upstairs near the double doors. We got there at 20:00 and our reserved table was ready for us. Over the next two hours approximately 20 delivery guys and Deliveroo employees came and went to pick up food orders on top of local neighbours collecting their orders. Therefore, you are sitting in a constant cold draught as the door opens and closes, the delivery companies enter the venue wearing their motorbike helmets and Deliveroo "back packs" which was not thoughtful in the tight space. It was like sitting in a corridor with the delivery guys coming and going throughout the time we were sat there.  
5 of us took my Mother to this restaurant for her annual birthday treat. The last couple of years has been good and we enjoyed our meals.  
Nothing against the food itself, nice amount of choices, tasty but not fantastically presented, and also not excellent (in comparison to the price) 
The standard of food and wine was adequate although nothing special. The prices were extortionate. I ordered 3 plated and 1 glass of red wine price approx £25 . i'm from London and therefore am completely accustomed to London prices. I was barely full at the end of the meal; which was merely average qualit . Even by London prices I would say that my food should have been no more than £12 - £15 
Bought takeaway as I passed the restaurant at midday. Took a good 5m before anyone bothered to serve me, despite the restaurant being empty of customers at the time. Had to wait about half an hour for two wraps and fries to be made.  
We went with some friends for a once a month meet up . The look is modern without a clear personality and with slight hint of a chain company.  
Stuck in the dark ages - some miserable barman told us in no uncertain terms our child wasn't welcome in this inn - if that's acceptable to you in 2013, frequent this place else do the reasonable thing and boycott the place. Total jobsworth and Britain at its worst!!! 
I agree with the other negative reviews - this place is simply over rated and far too expensive for what it is. A bottle of white Lugana, San Onorato, Nunzio Ghiraldi that I can easily purchase for £10 on line - is sold for £70 at this restaurant. Most dishes are good and well presented but even after six or seven dishes the thought of "lets go for a pizza or a curry afterwards" came to mind. Service is also not very good and it is slow. A restaurant mostly for those that like glitter but no substance. I stick to writing bad reviews but - Chucs in W11, L'Anima in EC2 and The Greenhouse in W1 are certainly much better in every sense than The Ledbury. Even IF money is no object, I still would not return to this restaurant. Bill, for four, came to over £1,000. 
Last night my partner had hot wax poured over his arm and shirt and the staff didn't even offer him a wet cloth or assistance. Because the restaurant couldn't be bothered to change the light bulb in the men's toilets they decided to use a candle. They put it on top of the hand dryer so when the hand dryer was used the vibrations shock the candle off the dryer and the hot wax covered the whole of his lower arm and across the front of his shirt. Can you imagine if this had been a child - it would have been face height. This wasn't malicious just very stupid. If this is how they think, what other issues exist there. I am not prepared to take the risk, so I won't be going back. 
We visited this place on 24th November as a group of 4 families after having read the very good reviews. Unfortunately, the food was horrendous. The meat was not cooked properly. We ordered Butter Chicken, and both times they brought something different and it wasn’t butter chicken on any of these occasions. The biryanis were awful. We are never going back to this place. 
Been coming here for years - I can remember when it was a pub ( real fires and tables where you could have a drink) - not now ( where there is an electric fire and all tables are food only - only place to drink is on the street). Had a lovely experience on Wednesday, but, please don't ever order the goats cheese tart. We measured the piece that was served up (around £6) and I think it was a slice about a 1/16th of a whole tart. Had to look closely to find it under the salad!!! 
I have visited this pub several times before and have enjoyed the food. They don't allow kid's below 18 and are completely unapologetic about it, how backward! 
When we moved to Kew many years ago Rara was a rare find. Amazing food, great value, lovely varied menu. Having not used Rara for a while, we recently ordered a take away. Now, if it were just one dish, i'd overlook it. The rice was on a bed of what can only be described as a solid bed of fat (not entirely sure what it was). Only half of the rice could be eaten. The Daal Saag was so hot it had absolutely no taste. And I generally like my food hot and spicy. In the Royal Rara I can only describe what appeared to be a piece of tree bark. Inedible. Overall the standard was that of a cheap curry house/saturday night take away. A real shame as we have now one less local restaurant we can use. 
Visited this restaurant after a 5 year hiatus. Previously food was exceptional, you could tell good was cooked from scratch and was authentic.  
I have been here quite a few times, but never again. I went here with my son on his 18th, because they do serve a nice beer, but were told that they would serve us 'just this once', because this is not a young person's pub. I'm 45! A father and son having a pint together to celebrate his 18th soured by the landlord's attitude. Hugely disappointing. 
This is a nice traditional pub in a good location. Food is OK. Very buzzy with friendly atmosphere amongst the fellow diners. However this is completely ruined by the rude and unfriendly staff. Unless you are a local they appear very cold and dis-interested. But far worse I witnessed the landlord being extremely rude and thugish towards a totally respectable American lady who politely enquired about waiting with her older teen children for her husband to arrive - it was raining. It was very clear that the landlord has very strong views on whom he prefers as a customer, but I for one will not pay good money again to someone who is deliberately offensive to perfectly polite customers. 
We normally see the reviews in trip advisor before we choose our restaurants. Since it was given 4.4 we chose this restaurant but was DISAPPOINTED!!! The quantity was PATHETIC for the price!!! the dishes(gurkhali lamb and pero chicken karahi) were filled with only onions! Im not sure about dine-in but friends please BEWARE!!! when you order for takeaway. I wonder how this restaurant got a 4.4 when it should have gotten 1.2 (that too for plain naan which was soft and good) 
Went to this restaurant for the first time on 07/04. Lovely customer service. Great tasting food apart from the sticky toffee pudding which was hideous and not worth anywhere near £5. They have you the tiniest scoop of ice cream to go with it. Even though the food and service were good I have to overall give a rating of 1 as my friend and I BOTH suffered from food poisoning. For this reason we will never go back. 
Table booked for 6 at 8.30pm 
In short. The worst service I’ve ever had. Average food, small portions. Minimal social distancing. I would avoid this place like the plague. Left hungry and that’s the worst feeling above all else. No track and trace and no social distancing.  
Having been to this restaurant on many occasions, I was appalled how rude the management were on a recent visit. We left without eating or buying a drink. 
Having booked for 4pm we were not served till nearly 2 hours later. We had finished the pots of tea before any food arrived. We had to ask for refills as they were not offered unprompted. 
Visited yesterday, pre-booked for afternoon tea, made it quite clear it was a large NCT group including babies. Also made it very clear that we would have four extra people arriving later than the pre-booked time.  
We phoned on a Saturday evening and were told the takeaway would be delivered in 45 minutes. After over an hour we phoned again to check where our food was to be told they didn't have enough drivers and could we pick it up. Not ideal. So we then drove to the restaurant to pick up the food to find that it had been taken by one of their delivery drivers who he could not get hold of. Our curry was lost! The guy who seemed to be in charge was unbelievably rude, and made no effort to apologise. When we asked if he could cook the food again while we waited he simply said "I'm not cooking it again" and quote "what do you want me to do about it?". This guy did not know the first thing about customer care. After my angry but measured response to this, his parting comments was "go somewhere else then". Safe to say they have lost a regular customer as we won't be going back. We would have understood the mix up as these things can happen, but it was the outright rude attitude and complete dis-regard for us as loyal customers that made us angry. 
Worst experience ever rude staff! We ordered a delivery tonight at 19:41 and was told a 45 min delivery, I called at 8:45pm to be told it's on it's way with the driver, 15 minutes later I called again to be told they are busy and aren't sure where my order is but they'd call me back in 5 minutes. I then called again after waiting almost 15 minutes to be told they are busy and it maybe another 30 minutes. I said okay and after holding for 10 minutes they cut me off! I dont care how good the food is (I was recommended it by 5 friends who live locally and frequent the place) I'd only try it if you ordering the morning and expect it by midnight! There are much better places!  
The good; great friendly staff and amazing setting, from there it ends. 
We have been regular visitors to Great Fosters for their amazing afternoon teas for the past 10 years and never had a complaint  
The place is nice and cakes are awesome, but the atmosphere is below any expectations. I have been to the place three times and every time I felt that I am not welcome because I am not Polish. Every time other customers (Polish) insistently spoke to me in Polish and when I replied in English they looked at me with antipathy, with a silent question ''What are you doing here???". Sorry we are not in Poland, and even in Poland that kind of behavior is unacceptable. Also, Polish is not international language, why do they expect other people to know it?  
Stale churros with chocolate which was in fact hot chocolate powder and a little water as they had 'run out' of chocolate. Service? Yeah right you stand by the till while the Spanish man carves up a pigs leg and points at his colleagues who do not come over unless you call them. Pathetic place won't bother with these ignorant people again. Much better food to eat like mr pretzel if you want a sweet treat or buttercup cupcakes.  
Me and my partner went here Saturday evening, when asked for a table near window view we was told it was reserved - nobody sat there whilst we ate the whole time.  
My wife experienced a bad case of food poisoning when we visited this restaurant. The restaurant were informed that evening by phone & in person when collected my car the next day. Unfortunately both manager & owner were dismissive & in complete denial that their restaurant were responsible, mainly using their incorrect assumption that fish food poisoning takes 12 hours for symptoms to occur.Scombroid occurs from eating fish high in histamine due to inappropriate storage or processing & can occur within 30 minutes of consuming. Although the restaurant eventually reimbursed a small amount of our total bill they still refused to accept any liability. Obviously would not return. 
Ordered oysters and the oysters came in the pettiest shape I've ever seen an oyster. There was hardly anything in them that you can call an oyster . The food altogether was very disappointing , will never go back again. 
We booked afternoon tea for my Moms birthday and it was a very disappointing experience and most definitely the worst service at afternoon tea that I've ever had. My sister booked dairy free for hers but they claimed to know nothing about it when we got there. Rather than sorting it out efficiently, they made a big fuss about it and said they couldn't do any sandwiches so she needed to order off the main sandwich menu! This whole thing took a lot of time so we were left with our afternoon tea for a good 30 mins while they sorted hers out. It made the whole thing really awkward for my sister who didn't want to make a fuss. I spoke to the manager who just kept repeating that they hadnt received the request for dairy free and so it wasnt their fault. Eventually he agreed to give my sister her afternoon tea free but then charged her for a sandwich! Apart from that, we waited ages to be offered any drinks and the service was overall very poor. I definitely won't be returning despite the hotel and gardens being beautiful. 
The taste of Takeaway food in very okay. I just thought if the food cannot lates in Takeaways how will it last on the table. The Mixed veg plater was below okay and all other starters were just okay. I would never go there and neither would recommend that.  
i did a delivery and it was the worst food i tasted! There was a really bad feeling about this. Just to let you know lidls butter chicken ready made package was clearly better than yours. 
I am just messaging to say how disappointed my family were today with afternoon tea. For many years we have been coming to great fosters for meals/afternoon tea to celebrate birthdays ect. However in the last few months on both occasions we have been let down. Firstly in April when we came for the Easter wreath workshop. The Easter wreath workshop was lovely but the meal included was disappointing. We had ordered our meals but my godmothers order had been taken down incorrectly. We had got our steaks but were waiting for the chips before starting to eat. Then a waiter came out and said he had my godmothers down as salmon. He took her steak away and gave to another client and then gave her salmon. My godmother had ordered steak but did not want to make a fuss. This is awful customer service and you would not expect this at a four star hotel. Who takes a dish from a customer to give to another customer because they have mucked up the orders? Furthermore the steak I had was cold.  
I go to Great Fosters for the Afternoon Tea about 3 times a year. It’s always fantastic and has never disappointed my friends or family that I have taken there...until today. The menu has completely changed and you can tell they’ve made a lot of cutbacks, yet charge the same amount of money. Normally we would greedily stuff ourselves with their delicious beef sandwiches on onion bread, or smoked salmon and cream cheese. This time, we didn’t even want to finish the sandwiches in front of us, let alone ask for more. The smoked salmon and capers were revolting, the rest of the sandwiches were pretty tasteless. They used to give a lovely Victoria sponge or lemon drizzle cake, in addition to the delicious smaller cakes. They seem to have stopped that now. The smaller cakes weren’t very nice, we would normally take them home if we hadn’t finished but they were that bad that we didn’t.  
The Great Fosters used to be great but not any more. We visited today for a friend's birthday but left feeling sorely disappointed and ripped off. The price of afternoon tea had increased from £27 to £37 and consisted of five finger sandwiches (equal to about two and a half slices of bread), two scones with cream and jam and a few miniature patisseries. The tea was unlimited but this was little consolation. The service was also well below par. When we were seated initially, we were told in no uncertain terms that our time was limited to two hours. Great start to the afternoon! When we asked for extra sandwiches, our request was ignored. One member of our party didn't receive her pot of tea and, when we asked the waiter for it, we watched him go out into the foyer and flap his arms in a temper. One member of our party is vegetarian and another allergic to nuts, however, when the food arrived, the two special orders had been combined as one and given to the vegetarian. This meant that the lady with a nut allergy was given food that could have caused a severe allergic reaction. Just not good enough! The place has also recently been redecorated and, in our opinion, has now lost all it's historical charm and quaintness. The appeal of this place used to be that it felt like you were stepping back in time when you visited. Now it resembles any other characterless run of the mill hotel. We definitely will not be visiting again. 
We visited Great Fosters yesterday for afternoon tea. Great Fosters has been one of our favourite hotels for many years. However our experience yesterday was very disappointing. The high standards of service that we have received in the past are gone. We waited a long time to be served, the tea when it eventually arrived was stewed and had to request additional pots of tea and clean cups and plates. There was no offer of additional sandwiches as in the past and no Victoria sponge and not value for money. Service was slow and the staff not attentive. In addition the changes to the decor are not sympathetic to the age and feel of an historic building. The new reception area sticks out like a sore thumb in a once beautiful great hall. Alexander Hotels you are ruining a stunning ancient building, ripping the soul out of it. If I wanted corporate I would go elsewhere. You need to up your game, 
I’ve been for afternoon tea three times at this restaurant; three years ago, it was excellent; at the end of last summer, it was ok; and last week, it was awful. Stale sandwiches, no extra sandwiches, cakes ok but blatantly everything has been cut back. Service was like Faulty Towers. It took over 45 mins for our tea to arrive and then we had to chase (even going up to the bar twice to get some service). We were not the only ones. This hotel is in a fine location, is absolutely beautiful and it is such a shame that it’s been sold by the family who owned it and ran it superbly for many years. It used to be a class act; now it is one to be avoided at all costs. Truly disappointing. 
What a total disappointment! 
Arrived for afternoon tea Saturday afternoon nobody greeted us infact we felt ignored 3 people were on reception and seemed to be busy doing nothing. 
Ate in here on a sunday afternoon a few months ago with my parents who are love seafood. 
This an over priced hotel. The food was average. I talked to the GM after coming back home and she was hoping to take of the issues in my next visit to UK. 
Ordered mixed grill and wrap- didn't really taste like much...I've eaten in better Lebanese places where the food actually has flavour. Ordered online via hungry house which had an offer of free dessert with every order. I did not receive a free dessert even though it said in the receipt that the dessert was included. Waste of money, would not recommend to anyone. 
I visited this restaurant last night with friends. I was very disappointed with the meal. On arrival, we went for the Christmas set three course menu (which we had to ask for as they only placed the more expensive one in front of us). The portions were tiny, especially the roast turkey dinner. I’ve had far tastier roasts in pubs with much bigger portions! We only got one roast potato each! The service was not great, they didn’t even top up our wine. The mince pie at the end was tiny, no bigger than. 10 pence piece. My friend who does not drink coffee or tea was bluntly told she could not have a substitute drink instead! I cannot believe this place gets away with the hype. As a real foodie I will was not impressed at all.  
We have been visiting this place many but is seems that the customer service is not getting any better! We wanted just to spend some Sunday afternoon time for coffee.To place an order took more than 10 min, after another 30min waiting for coffee and cake we just simply left the restaurant. We have also asked to speak to the manager but apparently on busy Sunday afternoon there was none from management there. They should be more organised especially if they know that weekends are extremely busy. Half of the menu was not available and poor waitress was not aware of that. Basically is very chaotic and disorganised, staff seems lost!!!! They all need good manager and supervisor who will put all the place in order. Trainings!!! Have you people ever heard about It !!!!! 
Restaurant looks great on both occasions that I have tried to dine.  
Thought this was the best restaurant in Teddington having been once when we moved to the area. Tonight was a massive disappointment. Walked in to pounding music from a DJ on the balcony upstairs. Ice Ice Baby so loud we couldn’t hear ourselves speak in the bar area. Our reservation had been lost from the computer despite calling ahead 1 hour before. Just 1 set of salt and pepper for the whole restaurant. We had ask for it only got it to be rapidly removed once we’d used. Hugely disappointed and won’t be going back, has gone drastically down hill  
Frankly a disappointing birthday celebration! 
Booked Sunday lunch well in advance because of the Jazz and arrived to be shown to a table upstairs (alone), clearly overflow from the main dining area (where the jazz was situated). I asked if we could move downstairs with everyone else but this was refused because it was fully booked - even though I probably booked prior to these people but as we were only a table of 2 this was not given priority. I suggest that if you make a booking you request a table downstairs on the booking. We will not be going back which is a shame as we only live close by. The Manager was a complete drip. 
We are 10 of us who went for a birthday celebration, the service was extremely rubbish, the owners were abusive shouting and screaming at us saying why we complaint about smelly glasses!! 
I used to go to Terra Mia when it was known as Lala Pizza, the very best pizza in town. Visiting Kingston yesterday, we got a couple of pizzas at Terra Mia. Truly the worst pizzas we've ever eaten, so bad we had to throw them away . The boxes they came in were full of FAT that had seeped from the pizza dough which was hard as rancid toast. 
Really bad service, one would think they would be eager to have customers in after lockdown. but they were like headless chickens!! had to wait for ages to be served and going with little children it was an absolute disaster!! a basic meal which was expensive took ages to serve, the children were tired from school, doubt will be going again!!! 
From the luke warm, flat Bellini's to the poor wine menu to the unbranded cola used as a mixer (this is why they "aren't allowed" to bring the cola can to the table: they pre mix your drink so good luck if you only want a dash of coke instead of half a litre in your single shot of Havana club....) To the reàlly average food......Everything was poor. 
We had booked a table for four people on a Saturday night and were looking forward to trying out this new restaurant - on the site of where a Lebanese restaurant had been previously. 
Don't bother. Shush taouk = a few pieces of chicken, one piece of potato, half a tomato and a burned pepper. For £11. Not even central London restaurant would charge that. 
Not an experience I would care to repeat. Mediocre meal served by unfriendly staff. 
I have waited 9 days since having our family Sunday lunch ruined at The Wharf to provide a reasonable amount of time for the "management" to apologise, but they have not. Upon leaving the restaurant with our three teenage children my husband and I arrived in the car park to find our car, along with four others blocked in. There was a noisy lunch party in the upstairs area which also involved young children. The "Manager" on duty that day spent a lot of time asking the polite lunchtime diners if they owned the vehicle rather than beginning his search amongst the party guests. It became apparent that nobody wanted to move the car. Then strangely several of the guests, who had clearly had a lot to drink, decided to involve themselves in the discussion and in a very threatening "in your face" manner told my husband in no uncertain terms that "no I will not move my car", if this was not enough a younger version of this man (I am being polite) decided to follow suit (possibly his son). The yob behaviour was shocking in front of young children, assembled guests and also innocent diners in the downstairs restaurant. The two guests backed off when I told them that they needed to be breathalyzed before leaving the restaurant anyway as they were in no way able to move a car! They laughed in my face - charming way to treat a woman. Sadly the ring leader was a man in his 50s-60s which was shocking. My three well behaved teenagers had to witness this ugliness. Eventually somebody did move the car - the owner possibly? and was polite - the intervention of the drunken duo was uninvited and ridiculous. Up until that point we had enjoyed a fairly good lunch. However I would caution anybody about attending evening events having seen the behaviour of the clientele at lunchtime - on a SUNDAY! We did not book The Wharf for Sunday lunch to be involved in some bar room brawl. A simple apology from management would have sufficed but they have done nothing at all. 
Pizza is a joke ! Frozen from supermarket is better than that ! Very expensive too: they charge for bread ! Also bread was hard from 2 days before ! Never again: avoid at all costs. You have been warned !  
I went to this restaurant for lunch with my children one of which has severe food allergies. On mentioning to the waiter/manager/owner, wether they were able to cater for my daughter I was told that this was not a hospital. I was told by the waiter that I was criticising him. I was surprised that someone in the service industry is unable to deal appropriately with customers. We did stay and eat here as I didn't want to upset my children. The food was actually quite good just a shame they employ appauling staff. I would not go back to this restaurant as the waiter didn't even apologies for the aggressive behaviour. I would be surprised to see this restaurant here for very long with the new competition in Bromley. 
I wasn't expeting much but the pizza was literally like that from a supermarket... Italians stay away from here if you are looking for a proper pizza, this is not the place. Greasy, small .... not pizza 
Terrible service, Very disappointed with the manager. We were promised a table until 8pm and were asked to vacate the table although it was only 7:25pm and when we asked to order desert we were refused to be served. They did not even give us the take away. I don’t see myself going ever again. Having been a frequent visitor I was deeply insulted and disappointed with the lady manager. She did not even have the courtesy to come and apologies or explain the situation. Shame on Sougtani management 
The restaurant is always packed and understaffed.  
had gone to this restaurant for christmas lunch.Setting nice and waiters polite, but food was yuck! 
We ordered Home Delivery from this Kingston Upon Thames restaurant, after reading various reviews and Food Hygiene Standards reports. 
Decided last minute on a Sunny Saturday evening to try a restaurant on the river... got a booking which should have rung warning bells. food was unimaginative, using the same "slaw" under the tuna tatami and the warm duck's breast in the starters.. Slow roast shank of lamb with Thai spices was lamb shank and gravy.. The " thai spices" was a sprinkling of spring onion and chilli on top in the gravy. I think the chef is trying too hard to be " on trend" and fails to pull it off. Obviously a party venue as there was a bouncer at the door and many people in fancy dress streaming in, so the catering style is one of food prepared well before time or brought in and reheated.. hence my title " school dinner". We were not brave enough to try the desserts.. why waste more money on very average food. The most disappointing meal I have had in a long time. 
I visited social Dhaba with my office friends after heard a lot and most HYPE in the area beautifully done modern interior, brass cutlery, fancy water glass sounded promiscious to me. Unfortunately I proved myself wrong.The cuisine had nothing to be proud of. The variety of starter and mains was enough in menu : but lack of flavour tried mix grill was unusual taste because of too much chat masala and lemon squeeze on top so you can’t judge , Basil paneer nothing taste like basil ; palak chat was good , bhajia was bit oily and the main dishes were bit expensive and lacking of creativity. (nothing special to be proud !). The personally manager was far too arrogant and inattentive to the needs of the customers. Too egotistic about restaurant and their food .need to learn some customer attics good for future learning, 
My wife wanted an afternoon tea at Great Fosters as a part of her birthday present. Booked afternoon tea for 2 expecting it to be in one of the "period rooms"We were taken to a room with no character and sat at a table for 2 which clearly looked too small.We elected to have an afternoon tea with a glass of Nyetimber Sparkling wine .This was £12.00 more than the standard tea price.We had half a "stingy" glass each.The tea was nothing special but each different serving had a different waiter,each being cringingly polite.The bill also added a 10% service charge, as my wife has been a waitress we always leave a tip but at Great Fosters we would not have left a tip as the whole experience was not worth the money.I would not recommend anybody to have an afternoon tea at this place . 
My family went to this resturant and after teh threating behaviour of management decided to leave in shock and disgust. Telling a group of ladies that he has their pictures and phone number so they better not leave a review is a sign of a person who frankly shouldnt be in the hospitality indusrty. I would have liked to see if he would talk the same way to a group of men!!! 
Poor cold and dry food. 
We booked to take advantage of the 50% discount and it was obvious that the restaurant was going to be busy when we joined the end of a long line of people overflowing into the car park all waiting to book in. Our table was booked for 8pm and by the time we got to the front it was 8.15. Thank goodness I had a copy of the email confirming the reservation because they had no record of it and I feel they would have refused to serve us as it was very apparent that the staff were struggling to cope. We were seated then promptly forgot about until the waitress eventually remembered us and came to take our drinks order. Half the drinks arrived and we waited as the waitress was frantically clearing tables, serving other customers, attending to the salad bar taking payment and it was a full 45 minutes before she got back to take our food order. We said that we were still waiting for the rest of the drinks so she went off to get them only to be seen serving other people, clearing tables etc. Eventually we called the gentleman who we presumed to be the manager who apologised and took our order sending it straight through to the kitchen as we got the attention of the waitress who appeared with the rest of the drinks. Hovering around the salad bar which is the new normal she eventually appeared with some bowls which we took back to our table but could only stare at our food as no cutlery and no room on the table as the menus had not been collected. The cutlery was asked for by a member of the party, no serviettes and when we did ask for some the manager said he would bring us some more! I don’t know what he thought we did with the first ones as he repeated this twice. The food was bland one member of the party had chicken and chips which should have had a coating on them and at the end of the meal realised that they had forgotten to give him the gravy. The final straw was the children eating from the kids menu wanted ice cream but of course they had run out. The waitress said that some staff had not turned up for their shift and they were having trouble coping. It was a very warm night, no air conditioning and to be fair they were doing their best but it was not a pleasant experience for us and we will not be returning in a hurry. If the offer had not been on I would have disputed the bill. 
We went here last week for my friends birthday. Waited 45mins for a table and had a cocktail or two by the bar whilst we waited. They even offered my friend one free shot due to it being his birthday! 
We went for out annual Christmas party dinner and the service was diabolical and the food was mediocre. After 2 hours and 10 minutes we all had only been served the appetizers, a bowl of soup in my case. I could buy and cook a better steak at Morrisons for £4 rather than £35! !!! And they call themselves A Steak House!!! They have their nerve!!! 
So the visit started poorly with a very badly a designed car park, then being shown to a very cramped booth (To add to the discomfort, due to very bad weather my party all had big coats which we had to have on our laps) The waiting staff were polite and helpful but the menu is limited with no children’s options available and very limited soft drink choices. The Sunday roast was pleasant but very expensive for the lower quality. Half way through the meal music began being played in the dining room which was very loud and made my whole party feel very uncomfortable at which point we decided to leave. Very disappointed with the experience and would not recommend this restaurant. 
We were going to celebrate my husbands completion of cancer treatment and thought where would be a better choice than a restaurant recommended by so many friends! 
When this place first opened - less than a year ago, I wrote a rave review. Food, service, everything was amazing! Today was my 5th visit and each time I've been since my first visit the service, standard of food just gets worse and worse. I always support local businesses but am compelled to write this review because today's visit was appalling!  
Tried for an hour and a half on the phone to try and order a sunday roast for collection and no one answered the phone. Kept going round and round in the automated phone service. What is the point in offering a phone through service when no one answers the phone! 
Food was dry. Ordered Halloumi salad. Very disappointing. The ends of an iceberg lettuce and very little halloumi! 
Booked a table on line for 7pm. Time changed by restaurant to 15 minutes earlier. Then brought forward again by another 15 minutes. Arrived at 6:30. Restaurant full of rowdy group still having Afternoon Tea. Staff told us to sit down at a dirty table whilst they cleared tables and started vacuuming around us! No apology made. No offer of complimentary drinks or similar in the bar. They were not ready to start serving evening meals, despite telling us to wait. We left after 10 minutes. 
Phoned to make an order was left waiting for over 2 hours they didn't know where my was. In the end I was waiting for 2.30 hours and still didn't know where my order was. Had to get a refund witch I have to wait 3 days. Would never go back to this place again.very unprofessional 
I called restaurant 3 weeks previous, and was told I could only have set meal, if I ordered online. Went online ordered food, collected, everything fine. Then 3 weeks later I receive a call telling that my food is ready for collection, I said that I had not ordered any food and was shouted at for wasting food, asked if I was drunk and told that someone, must not like me? That this point I because very upset, I was just sitting at home watching TV and I receive this abuse - really!  
Ordered my food at 7.22pm, it was scheduled to arrive at 8.15pm. It is now 8.50pm and the food has not arrived. Spoke to the restaurant manager he proceeded to argue with me. I cannot cancel the order as I will not be refunded thus I am still waiting and can't do anything about it. Seriously disappointed and will not be ordering food from this restaurant again 
I had heard good reviews of this newly opened restaurant so decided to give it a go and phoned a day before to book a table for 2 at5.30pm as most restaurants get quite busy on a Friday night.The lady who answered the phone confirmed the booking but asked that we finish by 7.20 pm as the restaurant was fully booked and this suited us so that was absolutely fine.We arrived to an empty restaurant only five minutes after our booking time and were promptly told by a lady who seated us that we were late which was completely unnecessary and quite rude and needless to say this set the tone for the whole evening .Our waitress seemed new and had to get another waitress to check everything we ordered twice and even then when the food arrived we got rice with our chicken instead of the chips we had ordered.By 6.30 the restaurant had started filling up and we were asked if we wouldn't mind moving tables!We asked why and were told that they had fitted us in and now needed the table back, to which I promptly replied we had a reservation until 7.20 pm and as the party had not arrived as yet we would not be moving tables but would definitely have left by then.The service in this restaurant is beyond belief , rude and no customer service at all shown by any of its employees which includes the owner who was there during this fiasco. Food is mediocre and portions small, you would be better off going somewhere else in my opinion. Needless to say I will not be going there again and have had similar feedback from other people aswell, something a free mint tea and baklava cannot fix . 
The service was awful and the staff including the manager were so rude and unprofessional. We ordered our starters and main but they bought everything out at the same time. Even when we told them that we wanted the mains abit later it went on deaf ears and the staff looked at us as if we made the mistake and not them. An hour and half into our evening we were told by the staff to pay the bill in the next 5 min as the table was needed by other customers waiting ( in a very rude manner). We were finishing off our meal when the manager came with a card machine within 60 seconds of the bill being delivered. He was aggressive and extremely rude. We felt we were being kicked out. And even though there were people sitting at tables alot longer than we were there it felt as though we were being targeted for being indian women. The manager's body language was agitated and intimidating. He leaned into us and said we had to pay now and leave. When I said to him that I found the experience very unpleasant and will be writing a review about it. He than threatened us further that if he saw a bad review he will be going to the Police....The whole experience was very sureal. I don't think he appeared right in his head and with attitude like that rest assured we will not be going back or recommending this sad excuse of a resturent to anyone. Food is average and I do feel it is over rated. This was the 3rd time I had gone and each time the experience has got worse. The first visit we were over charged for food we didn't order, second visit we had to wait 1 hour 15 min for a table even though we had booked weeks in advance. And third and final time was out of this world....not in a good way to say the least. An evening which should have been relaxing and fun turned into a nightmare thanks to sougtani restaurant staff and management. Thank you sougtani team for showing your lack of customer service skills and ill manners. 
Title says it all. Got a takeaway for whole family and the food was awful. Really bland and meagre portions. Even had a dodgy smelling prawn in the mixed grill. Why this place has a high rating I just dont know.  
Absolutely awful. Nan bread was missing.  
Ordered our food at 7.00pm for takeaway collection, I was unable to hear the guy on the phone as the restaurant was very noisy and sounded busy but he kept putting the phone down on me. At 8.39 when collecting the food we found the restaurant to be so busy all space and chairs were filled with no social distancing what’s so ever. We got home to find half of our order was missing... I then rang the restaurant in a rage to complain in which the guy told me it’s to loud in here I can’t hear you I will ring you back, surprising I did get that call back to say if I needed to, to come back and collect the rest of my order.... the food was basic left overs that were put in plastic containers and microwaved as the rice was stuck together and the food was dreadful. What a waste of £60, crap food, crap service and a waste of petrol going to and from the restaurant twice in one evening. 
We ordered from just eat as the reviews looked good. Food was half an hour late. And The food was tasteless. Never had a curry with so little taste, spice, anything!!! Will 
This is a lovely venue in a nice location, however the man who calls his self the manager is incredibly rude.  
Very poor service, and tasteless Indian food, cooked by non indigenous Indians for a non Indian owner. Not for the authentic Indian food eater... Best avoided... 
This place is exceptionally poor service. Not traditional Indian food, but more importantly lacking in taste and spice. One to definitely avoid. Not managed by Indian experts. 
Just bought pizza for a Saturday evening treat..I am sorry to say they don t do "Italian pizza", although they claim to be an Italian restaurant. It looks a Pizza Hut one..not what I went for. 
Returned for Afternoon Tea at the wonderful Great Fosters. 
Visited as a group of 6 for a 40th.  
Worst meal out I have ever had! Such a shambles, very little organisation with a large group and some of the staff very rude excluding 1 poor girl who had to sort the situation out by herself with 11 angry customers. Myself and work colleagues went here for a leaving do and we were told on the phone before booking that there was a set menu of 3 courses but if you didn't want a dessert you could swap for a drink. So we all did this and then were told when paying that we could not do this. There wasn't even a set menu, they just told us pick from the menu and still pay 27.50 even though the meal we each ordered was coming to less so where is the deal there?? They even tried to charge us for 2 people that didn't turn up. After speaking to them and saying can we please pay for what we ordered on the menu they said that we must pay more then what we ordered so each of us paid far more then we recieved and some of the staff were a bit aggressive when explaining this. They were blaming each other saying they didn't know who we spoke to on the phone but we still must pay over the price and were so rude. Such a rip off, they basically stole from us. It is a shame as we have all been a couple of times and have NEVER been made to feel so belittled at any restaraunt ever! 
WOW! What a let down of a restaurant. Went here last night for a leaving doo with 10 work colleagues and pretty much got robbed of our money. The communication about the set menu and the prices changed throughout the evening depending on what suited the staff. We were told one thing and then when it came to paying the bill suddenly it had changed. I wouldn't have minded paying London prices if the food was worth it but was tasteless and had far too much salt in. A lot of us have visited this restaurant many times before and were all very shocked by the service received. The manager had a totally unprofessional attitude when dealing with the situation and came across aggressive. This is possibly the worst restaurant I have ever been to. Do not visit unless you want to pay London prices for low budget tasteless food. 
I came here for a nice meal to say goodbye to dear colleges of mine, but it didn't go that way. They took our orders of starters twice. Then preceded to provide contridicting information about how we could have meals/drinks. Then allowed one person to do one thing but not everyone else which is unfair. Then argued rather aggressively with my colleague. The food wasn't the best by the time we received it. They also tried to charge us for people who wasn't there at the table even though they took two chairs as we weren't using them. At this point we wanted to leave as was not happy with the way we were treated by the staff and I personally won't be going back again. 
The food was nice and the waiter was a bit too friendly, we asked him to take a photo for us to remember the night by, when he returned to take it for us, without asking, he picked up our phone and took a selfie picture of us all with him in it as well. Ok I suppose he was trying to be funny, he did then take some more photos of just us. When we left the restaurant we took some more photos outside. We don’t get together as a family often, so this photo was not only to celebrate our special event, but also a chance for a group photo. Only to realise when we viewed the photos later after we had all left, that he had photo bombed every single photo. All I can say is Thank you for ruining our special day. Seriously it is a day we will never be able to do again. I would not suggest this place for a special meal as the waiter will Definitely Ruin it for you. 
Cannot review we booked, they confirmed and lost it but the restaurant was busy with no evidence of social distancing. 
I found it very very cramped far too many people in a small space. I enjoyed my starter, unfortunately the lamb had a long hair in it which I removed with some force from the meat in my mouth. The owner simple said no one in my kitchen has this hair. Really !, It was still in the lamb served from your kitchen. He walked off with no regard for my ruined meal. The cheesecake was warm ...it had obviously been left out for some time. One of our party went home with claustrophobia which triggered a panic attack. Would never go back. Just Awful. 
Wow what a disappointment. Heard and seen great things on Trip Advisor, it's remarkable how popular this restaurant is and it's only just opened, however it needs to be brought down a peg... 
Alas it is closed on Sundays so we could not go at all. Would love to try this restaurant but if it is always closed on the only day we can make it so we are unable to. I have heard it is very good but how will we ever know? 
Booked online and received an email saying Table Reservation. Got there to be told e mail was generic and I should of rung. Left us hanging at the counter, totally embarrassing. The website DOES NOT say the reservation is generic and you will receive a call OR you need to ring for confirmation. They could not give a toss. Will not go there again, enough Curry houses in Sidcup. 
We had an awful experience at The Wharf Christmas Day. Table booked for 3.15 but we didn't sit down until 4.10. Starter failed to arrive for a further thirty five minutes. When it did arrive the quantity was tiny. A round of bread with sliver of smoked salmon. The bread looked grey. As did the sea bass my husband ordered for mains. Rib of beef was very rare and just chucked on the plate so looked extremely unappetizing. Gave it to my son. Dessert was meant to be plum pudding with clotted cream. By now it was almost seven o'clock as such long delays between courses. Whatever we were given was definitely not plum pudding. It was a lump of something brown and completely unidentifiable. To add insult to injury it was accompanied by tinned custard which is pretty unforgivable. Realising we had experienced unacceptable waiting times the management tried to make amends by sending us a decent bottle of champagne but the day had been spoilt for us and was beyond repair. £600 for what turned out to be an ordeal rather than a pleasure. Never again. 
Visited the restaurant for the first time with a group of friends. Too many tables for the size of the room. tasteless food, no staff to be seen to ask for more drinks. Once we got our deserts we were told to eat up as they needed the table in 10 minutes for other customers. If we knew this beforehand we would have not ordered any deserts or coffee. Didn’t leave any tip as they simply didn’t deserve it. Won’t be coming again. One of the worst restaurants i’ve ever visited. 
Absolutely appalling behaviour from one off the waiters, he made us feel unwanted from the time we arrived until we left. He didn’t stop rushing us, and he was very rude & blunt telling us when we was to leave. He totally ruined what should have been a nice Christmas lunch/dinner. Defiantly will not be going back there in a hurry. 
We have literally just had the worst experience at the new Saugtani on Pinner High Street. Admittedly we should have left as soon as they said they didn't have highchairs but we were looking forward to trying it after hearing good things. We were the second family in right when they opened at 12. We ordered starters straight away and waited about 45 minutes for these (including hummus!). As soon as the starters came we ordered 1 main to share. After another hour and no food, despite asking several times, we gave up and left. The food was ok - but not worth the wait and crappy service. Could not be more disappointed and will definitely not be back. Will stick with Zufa in Northwood Hills! 
Turned up at the new Arens bar in Ruislip but was told on arrival that they had no knowledge of our booking, even after I showed them the email confirmation I had received. They did not offer to find us a table or suggest having a drink and they would make sure they honoured the booking or anything. Absolutely terrible customer service considering it must have been some kind of fault with their website booking system. The manager was called over but just said that it did not look like one of their normal booking emails and then wandered off without so much as an apology. I have previously dined at their other restaurant in Pinner and that was quite nice but won't be returning after this debacle. 
Been visiting the Curry Mahal for 40 years which speaks for its consistency. However last night the main courses were tasteless. There was no spice, heat or fragrance to the Rezala despite the menu describing it as madras strength. After pointing this out a bowl of insipid madras sauce was provided to accompany the dish. Restaurant did eventually agree to reduce the bill for 2 dishes. In addition staff seemed pressured and quality of service was poor. At one point there was a shouting match between 2 staff at a table behind us - I think customers had complained that there food had been cold. There was an apology at the door however we all agreed that this was the worst Indian meal we had experienced. What’s going on - has there been change of chef / management?? 
We booked for 6 of us back in March for Christmas Day. At £80pp ex drinks and service charge not cheap. 3 course of what they said was unlimited main course. We arrived early for drinks and as expected it was very busy in the bar and to our surprise they had also set up a large table for dinner in the bar area. A big mistake. So we were the second sitting at 330 but didn't get seated until 430 and had to ask for our starters several times eventually getting them at 5pm. We were all starving. My mum had to send her starter back as it was not it was suppose to be avocado prawns. Hardly any prawns and no avocado. We move on to the main course which we got at 6pm. Tiny portions, hard vegetables and when we asked for more roast potatoes we were told they had none left or any other meats or pigs in blankets. Dessert my aunt ordered brandy snap with mascarpone and fruit. She got 4 tiny bits of fruit and the brandy snap was chewy and horrible . She sent it back. We all then had Christmas pudding my mum's piece was cut so thin you could see through it. Needless to say the meal was a disaster and we were not the only ones it seemed that everyone was complaining. The staff did there best in a very difficult situation but seemed to have been really let down by the kitchen. I used to love this restaurant but since they opened their other restaurant in Ruislip the Pinner restaurant has really gone down hill. We spent lots of money in the bar as we had to wait so long to be seated. The end result was they took the price of the drinks served at the table of the bill(£44). Not good enough but as we had already paid in advance for the food they didn't give anything else back. Arens you really let us and all your other customers down and we will not be back. I certainly will not be recommending anyone to go there. You spoiled our day with your poor overpriced food. You also let your waiting staff down who really did try their best. On such a special day of the year there should have been a member of the senior management team there. 
We ate here as a family of 4 and were excited at the prospect of an exciting Indian menu. The tandoor clearly does not work or exist as the panner was just white and flavourless. The chicken was tough and inedible and the prawn curry was oily with only several small prawns swimming in a tin of coconut milk coating £17.50! The crab was also small and fishy with no indian spices. Having eaten in other expensive Indian restaurants such as Barton Rouge in Liverpool this does not come close, in fact the cheaper options in Twickenham serve much better food. I would definitely stick to the Atithi if in Twickenham and looking for a good curry as this was such a disappointment. 
Family of 11 ,pre- booked time and meal choices chosen in advance, 1 hour wait. What turned up was an insult to the Sunday roast.Roast potatoes probably frozen ,some over cooked others under cooked, mash was either frozen or packet, both tasteless.Yorkshire puddings the consistency of a flip flop, stuffing was grey tasteless block and gravy you could hang wallpaper with.I have reservations if there are any fresh produce on the premises at all.To add insult charged £ 250 for this , never again 
The restaurant is beautiful and the service is great, but for me the food was much to hot, we ordered dishes which we were assured were mild, but for me it was just to hot, I must have drunk a gallon of water. My husband enjoyed it and found my reaction funny. So I think that it is safe to say if you love real Indian food it is the place for you. 
Went to the new Ruislip Arens Bar & Grill with friends last night. We had been contacted the day before to ask if we could come earlier (7.00pm) so our table could be used again at 9.00pm which we did. Instead of the relaxed evening we were looking forward to we were rushed through our meal and at 8.15 we were asked to leave as the table was needed. Not the evening we expected. Very disappointing and I doubt if we will go back.  
I am a fanatical Indian food eater. I ate in this restaurant years ago and the food was excellent, but yesterday the food was appalling  
I've been to this restaurant a few times now - but I'm not sure what has happened to it. I asked for a riverside table and the answer so we'll do our best - frankly no good enough 
Having been a regular here for sometime I was hugely disappointed to arrive for our booked table for a family birthday celebration to be told that they had not written our reservation in their diary. When I explained I had rang two days prior to book I was then told " you could be just saying you rang!" Now this restaurants food is amazing and cannot be faulted, shame about the customer service as I don't appreciate to made out to be a liar over a table booking! Massively disappointed. But all not lost as the Jalsha were very accommodating.  
So basically I called this place beforehand to check if they’ve any tables available as we had not booked it. The waiter who picked up the phone (I think) said they’ve some tables available up until 8 pm. So after 10 mins, we got there and went in - it was about 6.30 - mind you with two children).  
My chilli paneer was covered in ketchup. They said it was because I had asked for it to be mild. I always order mild chilli paneer for my daughter in lots of Indian restaurants and they use all the ingredients except the chillies (ginger, garlic, soya sauce etc) so I was surprised to see it doused in ketchup. They did kindly replace the dish for something else and didn't charge for the dish so we appreciated the service. The table next to us, as they left, came and told us they felt their paneer was just cooked in ketchup and they didn't ask for it to be mild. Our second dish, Shahi paneer tasted suspicially like a sauce from a jar bought in a supermarket and the huge triangle pieces of paneer were strange. The seekh lamb kebabs and mogo were good. Decor is great and service is professional but unfortunately not warm. Prices are double that of other Indian club restaurants. At some point all these new Indian restaurants have to realise they can't use funky decor to disguise sub standard food. All the other reviews for this place are good but do seem to follow a format (see how many of them start by mentioning the waiter's name) which makes me question whether they are genuine reviews. We came for my husband's birthday but wished we had gone somewhere else. Wouldn't recommend. 
Terrible bland and overpriced food. Staff aren't terribly helpful and not a nice location. Never go here. 
As this restaurant had been ‘highly recommended’ to me by a work colleague I decided to try and book this restaurant in May for 8 people. I only wanted to find out what’s available on their Set Menu. I initially phoned only to be told to phone back because the person I spoke to had NO idea! I phoned a second time and was told they too busy!! I’ve tried phoning since and the phone rings & rings! I’m surprised the restaurant gets any bookings at all!! 
Visited for a roast dinner. It was pretty awful and couldn't have been much worse! It looked grey. Couldn't even cut into the beef it was so tough, sent it back and swapped it for chicken. It came back with the same unappetising sides. The chicken was dry, Yorkshire pudding dense and not cooked, roast potatoes burnt, and vegetables grey, gravy had no flavour. I usually try to give a fair review but there is nothing nice to say about it. Wish I had just got my money back, but I ate around the bits that were edible as I was hungry!  
The entry staff were competent enough. However, midway through service we were served by an imbecile waiter with all the etiquette of a punch drunk Rocky Balboa.  
Had to wait 2 hours for our food but because there were loads of takeaway orders we took second place !! 
Came here last year for my wife's birthday and we had a great time. They couldn't do enough for us and made sure we had a really special night. 
Over a number years including pre trip advisor visiting teddington this venue has varied greatly. This time was truly grim. Attempted rip of with the bill, food rubbish and staff terrible. The location is clearly it's selling point to punters but you can't eat the view. fish slapping at teddington lock would have been more enjoyable. This is woeful even by London standards  
My husband and i had such a lovely evening here. The steak and fish were both excellent, very well cooked and full of flavour. The staff friendly and helpful. The atmosphere charming.  
Went in today. Told restaurant fully booked but could have a table in bar area. We said fine and got seated with menus. Waitress said she'd be back in couple of minutes to take drinks and food order. Waited 20min but no return. Barman and manageress sat at bar entertaining each other paying us no attention so we walked out. Place has an identity issue I think. Feels like a lap dance club / night club but is a restaurant. Won't be back In afraid. 
45 minutes for this!! A traditional Christmas dinner with all the trimmings!! OMG and they’re going to have the cheek to charge for this!! I don’t know where they celebrate Christmas but it’s clearly nowhere close to a civilised society!!  
Six of us decided to go to Arens for a meal. From our arrival it seemed the average age of the staff was at best 18 and that clearly came across with the lack of professionalism when being served at the table. The food was of average quality but expensively priced. Certain popular cocktails weren’t available, some starters weren’t available and some desserts were out of stock too. The final bill when presented attempted to charge us for items we didn’t have. Poor value, poor stock levels of drinks and food, overcharged, staff straight from school who must be doing their homework in the kitchen between “serving” customers.  
We booked a table and were kept waiting for 40 mins; we waited at the bar but there was no bar staff to serve us and after much complaining (to deaf ears) we were finally served drinks at the bar. The restaurant was busy on a weekday night. We were promised a table where another group was leaving but this was allocated to another waiting group by a different waiter. When we were finally seated, we ordered our food in one go as we were worried that the service would be inattentive as we glanced at other waiting customers on other tables. The quantity of the mixed grill platter was sufficient but it was tasteless and the meat tasted as though it had not been marinated and thrown together in a hurry. The other starters and main courses were equally disappointing; the curries were watery and lacked any depth of flavour and seemed rushed to the point that a supermarket curry would have been better. The Manchurian was acceptable but seemed to have been over-flavoured with msg. Some of the breads in the bread basket were burnt and others oily. To add insult to injury, we were charged a 12.5% service charge for the poor levels of service and several members of our group were ill after eating at this venue; whilst it seemed clean throughout (it looked relatively new), we were left under the impression that the food was hurriedly cooked or pre made with little attention to taste, quality or hygiene. This is one of the rare occasions that I felt very ill from eating out and I would not want to repeat this experience again. There are better eating options nearby. Eater Beware! 
After having my birthday treat here and enjoying it I decided to come back for lunch. Lovely to see they put partitions between the tables and have hand sanitiser. We got told when entering the premises to put masks on which was great to hear, but after being seated a party of six came in and never got told to put their masks on. I did find the food bland on this occasion and didn't get great table service. I won't be returning as it felt abit hostile, not sure if they have a problem with people of colour. 
This restaurant used to be a very disappointing Italian, but having seen it rebranded and reopened we thought we would give it a go based largely on the positive reviews on this site. It was quite a busy night, and the restaurant was so noisy it was hard to carry on a conversation, but at the same time the place really lacked any atmosphere. The best of the dishes we tried was the bland linguine, and the fishcake. The rest of the food was generally below par, including pork belly that had a lot of unpleasant gristle, a bread basket that tasted like a cheap supermarket french stick, and a dry fillet of fish. The waitress was pleasant and efficient, but the waiter was rather over the top, without actually engaging in any meaningful way with the customers (other than topping up the wine glass the second you took a sip, which seemed excessive). It seems from the reviews that a lot of people like this place, but we will be avoiding it in future. 
I booked a table for Saturday evening through Opentable for 7.30 and received confirmation of the booking. However, I received a phone call from the restaurant to say we would not be able to eat at 7.30 because they had overbooked and would we be able to come at 6.30, which we couldn't.  
I stopped for a coffee one lunch time as we were in the area visiting from bristol for the weekend. 
As a party of thirty people we had booked the upper dining room, and fixed the menu of pork and fish in advance. 
I came here yesterday as I’d heard lots of good reviews. However I was quite disappointed as we’d waited a long time to be served. Also when our mains arrived our drinks still hadn’t. When I went to ask for our drinks the waiter was quite rude and it wasn’t particularly busy so I’m not sure why this happened but it felt very hostile. 
Food amazing.... best roast around here and great cocktails too.....  
Christmas Dinner last sitting of the starters were nice but main course was bad small slices of Turkey not enough, Roast potatoes were dark brown and dry like they had been in the oven all day they definitely were not recently cooked couldn't cut one of them it was rock hard. A slice of breakfast bacon and a very bad sausage that's not what I would call a pig in a blanket. Veg was average could have had some more they forgot to give us Cranberry sauce and no stuffing when we asked why the reply was we never do stuffing at Christmas !!!!! ITS CHRISTMAS DINNER for gods sake tell the Chefs to wake up !!!! anyway deserts average huge bill not worth the money never again such a shame !!!!!! 
Such a shame. We came to this restaurant in February 2019 as a family and it was a lovely meal. Unfortunately we won't be returning. 
Back in the day, after a long day working in London we would have dinner around the corner from our house at Red Peppers. The burgers, tuna steak dishes, pizzas were simple but always reliable. After a 10 year absence we re-visted Teddington. Red Peppers was the first place on our list to go and eat - for old times sake. We booked and asked if we could bring our dog (we didn't have a dog back in the day). We were amazed when they said yes. At the appointed time we turned up with the dog. No dogs they said. Don't know what the food's like. But we won't be gong back. 
Looks lovely from the outside but I have never experienced such a rude welcome in my life somewhere. From the moment we entered the man who served us was rude and treated us like we were not welcome. So much so that we got up and left - im sure the food is nice but there was clearly something about my family that this man did not like. Will be avoiding and recommending others do so. 
Family meal (not my choice) and I was quickly reminded of why I last visited a Harvester in 1994 and chose never to return (correct decision).  
my family and i went there this weekend for a sunday lunch (6 of us), we were seated swiftly but then after ten minutes of waiting i had to asked the young lady for menus and could we ordered some drinks. the restaurant had one more family there and it was early so not busy.  
Poor value horrible tasteless food. Especially avoid the fish cake. Went with a business group for lunch and no one had a good word to say. Two people had completely different dishes and the group laughed because no one could tell the difference. Spicy Thai food they must be joking completely insipid. There is much better close by. 
I booked a family meal at this restaurant yesterday to celebrate the birthdays of my son and daughter in law. With us we had their three children, aged 5 years, 2 years and a baby of 9 months. 
The food was like something from a mummy's tomb - dry, tasteless and totally poor value for money. The service was terrible too. We didn't eat anything, only tasted each dish and asked for the bill. The owners didn't even ask us what was wrong or if they could get us anything else. They didn't want to even know, just take our money and get rid of us. They had no pride in their terrible, dated restaurant at all. No smiles, no welcome no courtesy. We have been to Tunisia and had delicious food there, this was just the worst meal we have ever seen anywhere over the past fifty years. It's not cheap either and individual dishes are not priced on the menu. 
Staff inexperienced and awkward, will pass your table four times looking at you with the corner of their eye till you actually ask them if they can clear your table. Waited ten minutes till we could order our drinks although there was only another 6 people in there and three waitresses chatting by the bar. No one came to ask how's the food. We both ordered sirloin but have no idea what we just ate, chewy and full of fatty bits that I had to cut off half of it, not to mention You can't even taste the meat as it tastes of dirty oven. Told the waiter that the meat was shocking and pointed out at the meat, no one came to talk us and charged us full bill. What a joke!  
Our experience on Saturday was extremely disappointing.  
Enjoyed the salad but that’s the only good part about the meal and this place. I ordered a medium rare Ribeye which was served Medium well. Our waitress offered to replace it which I refused due to the time taken to get the food in the first place. My Uncle had a mixed grill and like my steak most of the meat was over cooked and the black pudding inedible.  
Ordered King Prawns as a starter. As you can see from the photo these are not King Prawns and presentation of the prawns was very poor. We told the waiter and he just said they are a version of king prawn! Waste of money. 
Usually a lovely atmosphere. But today ,Sunday the waitress was rude and unhelpful. Asked if we had booked but the place was empty ! Went for a advertised lunch and it turns out they don’t do the lunch menu on a Sunday. Then why have the billboard outside on a Sunday ?Walked out. Shame as usually a lovely place with great staff.  
Booked a table for 9.10pm with friends who had been previously - we arrived and 4 people were in front of us. 15 minutes later we asked if we could have a drink and were told 5 minutes until our table was ready. Another 15 minutes later we asked again as it looked like no one was ready to leave. 45 minutes after our table was booked we got seated. The curry was excellent and we definitely would have returned if it was for the food alone (as per previous visits we were given a complimentary dish). We asked for the bill 3 Times. When it arrived we got asked if we wanted a complementary drink and said we would let them know what we wanted. The bill for 4 was £103. We assumed (maybe incorrectly) that for the 45 minute wait the drinks whilst waiting would be complimentary. They weren’t - We went to the manager at the till and before even asking this and without looking at us he said ‘10% off’ clearly wanting no discussion. We asked the waiter for our complimentary drinks and he said well you have 10% off and NOW you want drinks. He had offered and we waited for the table having booked. At that point he said ‘that table waited and we don’t see them complaining.’ He then carried on about how they had done all they could to get us a table and we even said ‘thanks’ when we were seated and carried on with a rant. If they had simply acknowledged the long wait and said the drinks whilst waiting were complimentary we apologise for the wait this review would be very different. The curry was excellent but the very poor service means we probably won’t return. 
Well what can I say had a lovely evening with my parents who were over from Spain but feel very saddened By what happened my dad who obviously to trusting did not check bill to the letter because we didn't think this restaurant would rip us off !! My dad has just phoned me from Spain he has found the bill in his wallet they have over charged us £70 worth of drinks 12 amarettos how ridiculous & 9 person's! Absolutely gutted that people can do this also that there is nothing we can do apart from warn people what this restaurant is doing very unhappy ex customer !!!!! 
Can't find anything nice to say about the food at the Spaghetti Tree - sometimes the service is good, but only if it's a quiet night. 
Unbelievably disrespectful and unacceptable behaviour. We tried to have an evening at Junction after booking on a Thursday for the following Saturday. We thought we were able to just book for a drink and nibbles as had seen people outside the venue doing so, and so organised our entire day around being there at 7pm for our booking. We were called at 6:10pm on the day of our booking (less than an hour before our booking) to be told a table was not available to 8/8:30pm and that we had to eat there due to their license. This would be unacceptable under most circumstances, but at least would not have been a problem if they had any respect for our time and called even a few hours before, as we could have made alternative arrangements. Instead, we had already eaten and therefore they lost our custom for dinner as well as drinks, and we were left on a Saturday night with nothing booked and nowhere to go, given everywhere else was booked in advance. Utterly appalling, disrespectful and unacceptable for any business. Lost our custom from that night onwards - don’t bother booking as apparently doing so means absolutely nothing and you will end up without a table anyway. Genuinely shocked that they felt it was okay to call with less than an hours notice.  
Not a good brunch!  
We have been coming here for years it’s the kids favourite place to eat. This visit wasn’t great. Yes it was busy, but there was no cutlery, no bowls for the salad, they had run out of a lot of stuff on the salad bar, there was rubbish on the floor, tables were left with dirty plates on for long periods, and we waited ages for our food... you need to up your game. 
Went there at the end of January for Sunday Lunch. From the second we walked in we knew it was a bad choice. There were 3 members of staff standing around doing nothing and taking no notice of us standing waiting to be taken to our table. There was a large and very noisy table on the ground floor which we were then seated right next to despite others being available the whole time we were there. When we eventually received our menu, it appeared that Christmas was still going strong as turkey with all the trimmings followed by Xmas pud was still being offered. The food started well with tasty starters but the main course of roast beef was no better than school dinners. Trying to get our bill and coats so we could leave was a task in itself. We sat there for about 20 minutes being ignored before practically shouting out, PLEASE can we pay our bill. The ordered cab was never ordered so in the end we just grabbed out coats and left. Dreadful service from start to finish and food not worth going out for. Never again. 
I received poor customer service at this restaurant and will not be returning or recommending it to any of my friends or family. 
I had a booking at 5.30/5.45 for my birthday with my boyfriend. We got to the restuarant at 5.35 and was stood outside for 20/25mins trying to work out how we got in. All the doors was locked and despite banging on the bar window no one came to speak to us. The website and outside the door stated you open at 5pm. And even booking on on the 25th the women on phone said 5pm you open I tried calling 5 to 6 times on the number provided and not one answer within the half hour of us waiting. Birthday ruined as i heard so much good stuff about this place. Thanks alot.  
My friend and I went on bank holiday Monday there was only one girl serving, we sat outside for about 15 minutes & was still not asked what we wanted to drink so I went inside and she said no I’ve got too many orders backed up. Then about another 15 minutes later she came to us to ask for our drink order. We decided to leave. We saw another couple walk out too...  
I have never written a review, let alone a bad one, but this needs to be said. The customer service at this restaurant is shockingly bad, as soon as my friends and I came into the restaurant on time and pre booked, we were told we had to leave after an hour because they had booked the table for an hour later. Waiters were grumpy throughout the dinner because they were worried about the next customers and put the bill on the table without request. We are quiet nice and polite customers and felt extremely rushed and anxious throughout the dinner! 
Staff failed to inform of set menu when booked over the phone. Tried to resolve the situation with the manager, who backed his staff and was not witness to anything, then attempted to handle the situation with a brow bashing attitude. 
Went this evening for dinner with my mum after reading the great reviews on here and Facebook pages.  
Disappointing not many sandwiches and no service. This was booked in advance arrived at the correct time table not ready then thirty minute wait. Hardly any sandwiches and once served left sitting no real follow up. 
Bit confused about the good reviews. Our starters and mains were served together...Mains had to be reheated and pasta was so overcooked. Sauce was bland overpriced for what it was  
Party of 16 Celebrating 75th birthday very disappointed with the choice of menu, one of the party requested to order from the main menu and not the set menu was told they only had one steak at 8.30 pm and the chef refused to carve more steaks again one of the party asked for plain chicken and was told the chicken was pre prepared. Not very flexible for a restaurant wI'll not use or recommend this restaurant to family or friends. 
a waiter contacted me afer my night in the restaurant. i never gave him my number. he got from when i booked the tables for my party. this is so unprofessionl. i will never go back!! who do they think they are. 
We came for dinner on Saturday 11th July 2020, it is fair to say it was a shambles from start to finish. Myself and 3 friends sat down and waited for somebody to come over and welcome us or ask if we would like a drink, we waited 20 minutes for someone to come over, once somebody did take our drinks order we waited 30 minutes for them to arrive. We ordered our food and the starter came out quickly, I ordered the mozerella salad which was not mozerella cheese with some salad leaves thrown into a bowl and not nicely presented. My friends had the prawns which were completely tasteless. Our bread and oil arrived once we had finished our starters (the bread had steam coming off which indicated it had been warmed up in the microwave!) after ordering more drinks and going out for a cigarette on return our empty plates were still at the table and our cocktails were a disgrace, my friend had ordered a margarita which arrived in a water tumbler glass. No social distancing followed (no questions about contact numbers or addresses taken) staff weren’t wearing masks and the seating and toilet queue were both ridiculous. Overall I would say that from start to finish it was a disgrace, both the service and food were poor and I wouldn’t recommend.  
No Covid safety measures. Exactly the same as it was before lockdown. Tables are located in high use walk ways and entrance and exit routes. I was positioned within 30/40cms of a neighbouring customer. No social distancing was displayed by staff and they are not wearing any PPE. Clearly a matter for the council/HSE. This business is putting profits before safety. 
I have sent two emails to their address info@sophieschoicerestaurant.co.uk (one on the 7th and one on the 9th of June) enquiring as to whether their full à la carte menu is available on Sunday lunchtimes as I intended to visit with friends. These have been greeted with a resounding silence so far as at 11th June. Their website says, and I quote, "It would be great to hear from you! It's quick and easy. Just drop us a line, we are looking forward to hearing from you". Methinks I shall be lunching elsewhere if my experience is what they regard as customer service. The food may be wonderful but I regret to say I shall not be sampling it! 
Really bad service, the food was all cooked from frozen and was tasteless and we were seated next to the door so had a constant draft. Would definitely not return. 
We used to go frequently to this restaurant and it was always fine. Oh dear, what has happened. We went for my daughter’s birthday. Ordered cokes which were flat, absolutely no bubbles. The waitress took them away and we watched the staff try them! New drinks arrived which were no different. Sent them back also. Very abrupt manager when we pointed this out! Ordered burgers which when arrived my husband’s was cold. The buns seemed to have been taken out of a cool place. Sent it back and had another which was very well done! Fries weren’t crispy. By this time my daughter and I had almost finished our meal. No appology. We asked for the bill which, when I checked, had the drinks on! As we left there were no staff in view. Certainly won’t be going back.  
We have been using the Curry Mahal for years as our 'go-to' Indian. However our experience on Saturday was extremely disappointing.  
Family birthday dinner, unfriendly staff waited very long time for food after ordering , food was awful , steak so tough hurt jaw . Willnot be returning . 
I visited with my family one evening when we stayed in the hotel close by. The food was average but service was TERRIBLE. We waited for more than 45 minutes for the food to come, nobody checked on us and later when we pointed that out they did not seem to feel sorry at all. We really felt the urge to leave right there. I am not sure where all these positive reviews come from - would have given them negative rating if I could. Hope you can avoid our peril and have an enjoyable time elsewhere. 
We have been going to red peppers for some 20 years and yesterday despite there being our table and one other only at late lunchtime the service was very slow, the order was wrong, they took the incorrect order away then brought it back then stated another replacement order was being made for us to take home, thus the food taken away was then cold upon being returned. The garlic mushrooms were tasteless and my daughters pasta was cold. Will struggle to return. 
Very poor. Very disappointing. We have been going to this restaurant for many years and the food has deteriated. Two in our party had steak which was tough and dry, the fries were so hard they were inedible. Caesar salad had 4 Parmesan shavings and a teaspoon of dressing. The main course pasta was easily a small child's portion. The service and atmosphere is very good. Unfortunately,we won't be returning, this is unfortunate as we live locally 
Got a take away , we ordered and waited in restraunt , within 10 mins the curry was ready £27.00 worth . Straight away alarm bells rang way to fast .got the curry home 10min journey and cold . The chicken tikka tasted cold and spongy lamb was cold and smelt funny . We binned the rest very dissapointing I must say . Then to top it off they messed up my card payment to three attempts .... 
A friend and I thought we'd try this out one afternoon last week but we were not impressed. We'd heard good things about it but when we walked in there was a rather odd smell in the air and when we moved two chairs away from a table to sit down they were both covered in crumbs and bits of chocolate cake. There was only one other table occupied at the time but on looking most of the other tables either needed clearing or wiping! The staff were just standing around chatting. My friend and I therefore decided not to stay and walked out. The staff made no attempt to welcome us on arrival or query why we weren't staying! Needless to say we won't be going there again! 
This place tries to offer sophisticated food by hustling the booze. It ends up offering gravy-covered meat slices with potatoes (fried, broiled or mashed) one up from a transport cafe. 
The only plus was that the staff were smiling and said good-bye as we left. In all other respects this restaurant is dismal. 6 of us went for Sunday dinner yesterday. Drinks orders were taken quickly but I received a flat warm coke. A later drinks request was ignored so this coke would do me for the rest of the visit. After being there an hour I'd managed to get a bowl of pea & ham soup which tasted horrible and the poor quality ham meant I was picking bits out of my mouth. After about 90 minutes I'd managed to get my main: lamb with roast potatoes and vegetables. It was very dull and old fashioned. The vegetables weren't trimmed, and ranged between over-cooked and under-cooked. After 2 hours pudding was served. The chocolate Sundae was actually pretty decent and contained warmish brownie. We were offered coffees but after being there 2 hours we were agitated and were keen to get out. We swiftly paid up and made our escape. 
Can't get a simple takeaway order correct. Not the first time have had to go back for forgotten items that have been charged for.  
I hate to write bad reviews but there was nothing nice to say about our meal we had.food was very salty and lacking in flavour meat very chewy,staff were friendly and tried to change our dishes but it was very disappointing and off putting wouldn't rush back or recommend in a hurry to be honest sorry. 
Really thought this place looked good, and the Sunday lunch looked cracking. 
We had lunch at The George Harvester on Tuesday 19th December 2017 and the service was apalling. We waited 45 minutes for our meal then we had to go and find the waiter to order our sweet and then we had to go and find the waiter again to ask for the bill. During this time a large lorry turned up and they unloaded it through the restaurant freezing the place out, this took about an hour and we had to get up and close the door as although they had finished the staff were just chatting outside. The lorry completely blocked the windows for about an hour. We arrived at 11.45 and did not leave until 14.15. The food was okay but the service was apalling. 
Truly no exaggeration the worse meal Ive ever had. Everything was over cooked, friends had liver and bacon, the bacon was like hard board definite cooked in an oven. So was my seabass, so over poked it was dry and hard. 
Poor food and no atmosphere. This used to be a good little restaurant and we've enjoyed several evenings here, unfortunately the world of good has moved on up and Sophie's Choice has stayed still, if not gone backwards.  
My boyfriend and I went here for a Valentine's Day meal. He had booked a table in advance for us as we thought it would be busy. To our surprise when we got there it wasn't that busy. However despite this, it took forever for the waitress to come over to us to take our order. My boyfriend has Crohn's disease and as such he cannot eat certain foods. We clarified with the waitress that he could have no vegetables, salad, fruit or garnish on the plate due to this.  
Let's not be bah humbug about this, but if this restaurant accepts bookings for two people – my daughter and myself – in the Christmas party season, they should respect us as clients. First sign that the service would not be good was when we were given a dirty beer glass and were frowned upon when we complained. When the waitress returned with a clean glass she asked sarcastically if that was "clean enough" and was the new bottle of beer "clean enough". 
I love italian food.i have eaten italian all my life for the last 30 years. I was looking forward to my meal however after my initial visit...i was very disappointed.food...even my home dishes taste better.prices are way to high for what u get.never again.hope this helps 
Have been here a few times over the years but will not be going again .as I was eating my pasta I felt something sharp in my mouth , I could nt believe it when I pulled out an inch long piece of plastic. Sharp at one end , I called the waiter over who looked at it mumbled something then wandered off .a second waiter came over and asked to have a look at it .he then went to the kitchen and came back a few minutes later saying he could nt work out where it had came from . They removed the pasta from my bill which I think was the very least they should have done .with all the new restaurants in Sutton they really should do better 
Firstly let me say I have never been compelled to write a review on any restaurant or any website ,but I feel I must do only because spaghetti tree was such an awful experience . 
Insufficient staff .... one poor waitress doing her best ..... kitchen presumably also poorly staffed ..... a long wait for food which was mediocre when it did eventually arrive .  
We ordered a takeaway from here on Sunday and everything about it was dreadful. We ordered tandoori paneer and king prawns to start and butter chicken and veg biryani as main. The paneer was flavourless but the prawns were actually ok. The veg biryani lacked any flavour at all. The chicken was atrocious, gram for gram there was clearly more sugar in it than chicken - way too sweet and sickly. Just all kinds of wrong.  
Regrettably visited with the family. After spending £40 on 2 steak dinners then to be informed there was no mustard. Petty as it sounds but as that's the only sauce we like so we ended up with a dry boring meal. Should of know better from previous visit where we waited that long, that our dinners came before our first drinks arrived. Happy to say that I won't be wasting money on poor service again. Pointless complaining to the company as they don't care and are to rude to even reply to your emails.  
My daughter arranged a family meal to celebrate my 50th birthday. She contacted the restaurant to check if it was ok to take my 7 month old granddaughter and was told this would be fine. The person she spoke to also offered a highchair, which was declined, as my daughter advised that the baby would already have eaten and be in her buggy. She was then told that they would reserve a table out of the way. 
What a disappointment. We were the only table so there was no atmosphere. The waiting staff did their best. The kitchen got our meals all wrong and when I eventually got the right veg it had been heated in the microwave and was cold in the middle. I was then bought out some sauté potatoes when i had finished my meal. Another of our group got the wrong meal completely. It was obvious that we just had the leftovers. A very expensive mistake 
Please do not eat here the place is filthy .you almost stick to the floor I would've left only we were meeting a friend for breakfast .sachets on the floors/ seats dirty/.looked outside I don't think it had ever been cleaned paintwork filthy. Cigarette ends everywhere glasses uncollected.staff more interested in talking to each other. 
I booked a table fior mother’s day months ahead of the date as my elderly parents were visiting for the special occasion.  
Having visited this restaurant on previous occasions and have been happy with the meal and friendly service . I took my friend this Evening hoping to enjoy the ambience and food but unfortunately we both were very disappointed in the service and our meals my friend ordered a chicken tikka which she had previously enjoyed there complete with lemon rice. The rice was vegetable to which she is allergic to most of the ingredients they replaced the rice with plain after wanting her original it took five different waiters to explain her dish insuring it was Tika however when we settled the bill it was named MERG !!! has anyone heard of that ? I ordered a madras strength curry and arrived mild having requested a hot sauce to add the waiters gave me pickle sauce by this time I was starving so just ate the meal as it was cold MY FRIEND and I were very disappointed with what we paid for the meal we would NOT Recommend 
Dirty tables, unfriendly staff and appalling food. Glass of wine had lipstick marks second glass had something at the bottom of the glass. Never again I'm afraid and would not recommend. 
My husband and I called in at this Harvester on a Thursday afternoon at around 3:30. We had trouble parking - the parking meters were not working, so that wasn't a good start, but we gave our car registration number to the lady who finally, after about a five minute wait at the reception desk, came to deal with us and we were assured that all would be well. 
Visited with four friends for a birthday meal. Although the staff were pleasant the service was atrocious. Drinks and every course we ordered took far to long arrive at the table. The first course was good apart from waiting far too long for service. The main course, when it was eventually served, was barely warm. Four out of the five meals were sent back to be "warmed up". When served again the plates were hot, the food was not and the meat had dried out because it had been stuck under the grill. Four meals were sent back yet again. We were told that we would be served fresh meals but mine certainly wasn't a fresh meal, the meat was still dried out , the roast potatoes were really hard and the veg was just a mess. The "chef" served us this time and assured us that the gravy was always served at a certain temperature which really didn't impress us much because we were upset by the food not the gravy. His tone was very reproachfull and seem to imply that we were at fault for complaining. The shift manager finally tried to rescue the situation and although he was very apologetic it didn't make us feel any better about our ruined evening . As a result of my first experience of the Junction there is no way I would recommend it or visit there again. 
Had high expectations...but food was shockingly bad...especially for vegetarians! They messed up our order. Charging 25quid for set dinner is daylight robbery! Starter consisted of small bowl of olives, mozarella/ tomato, bread and butter...served with cold meats.... on same platter. Main dish of moussaka was bland and cold. Dessert platter just as disappointing - must have come from iceland. On the food front, a very disappointing experience. Then place turns into a club ... hot, small space = packed like sardines. There is a little smokers alley way outside which was referred to as a 'garden'... maze of tight spaces... Would not be rushing back there any time soon! 
The fact that there are reviews about 18th Birthday parties gives an indication of the crowd. It's full of swaggering people dressed waaaay over the top, wishing they were mixing with celebs and minor Royalty in swanky Mayfair/ west end private clubs but it's a million miles away from anything remotely sophisticated or classy. It's just awkward. 
When you go in this restaurant, you can expect to find the Owner sitting down and more attentive to his mobile phone. 
I visited this restaurant a few months ago and was very disappointed with the food , it looked like it had been cooked hours earlier and warmed up , vegetables were very over cooked and cold , the deserts were from the 70s , I don't envy anyone visiting this establishment 
My wife booked a table at the curry Mahal for Saturday evening as it was recommended by one of my wife's work colleagues,on arrival we were greeted well very polite the decor was your normal Indian restaurant.After being shown our table we ordered a bottle of wine and some poppadoms to start with.Our wine came first and i noticed my wine glass was dirty so i asked for it to be replaced the waiter was apologetic and blamed the guy behind the drinks counter wearing glasses,anyway the popadoms came they were quite nice.We orderd our starter which was a mixed platter for 2 and our main I had lamb Jalfrezi and my wife had chicken tika masala,our plateer came when my wife took a bite out of the chicken wing it was still raw inside not cooked,i imediatly called the waiter and showed him it ,he apologized and said sorry he will replace it i said dont bother we will wait for our mains, 
We came for Sunday lunch thinking it would be a good place to go with our 5 year old. The waitress first put us in a section where a large family group were eating. There was more food on the floor than in the kitchen and just looked like they'd had a food fight. There was food near the pass that was squashed into the floor where people had stepped on it. The salad bar was filthy, there was blue cleaning tissues stuffed under one side of it. I asked to be moved and as we went to another side of the restaurant I realised the whole place was filthy. There was screwed up toilet tissue in the floor at the exit to the toilet. If this is what customers can see it begs the question what can't we see, what goes on in the kitchen and how hygienic is the food preparation. Needless to say we didn't stay.  
I have been going here for over 20 years and since Christmas it seems to have gone really down hill. I went for my 3rd (and final) visit this weekend and it was terrible, with rude and arrogant service. When I asked to speak to the owner, I was curtly told by the waiter - she will not be interested in your comment.  
We had heard such good reports of The Med Kitchen that we were really looking forward to our meal this evening. All started well with a good welcome and the ambiance was friendly. However a very large party of about 17 were celebrating a birthday and the noise level was then just too much. It was ridiculously loud and we weren't the only table who left early due to the noise. We were a table of 4 right behind the group and we just couldn't hear each other! Also we were disappointed that 2 of the 4 main meals were wrong and had to be sent back. No proper apology as the waitress just shrugged her shoulders with the 2 wrong plates. We then queried something on the bill which then bizarrely came back higher! Not quite the best customer service! Perhaps there should be some soft furnishings that absorb the sound better or just not be so keen to maximise covers. Sorry guys - just not a good experience! 
On arrival we were greeted by a wave of bouncers,(I would say door staff but that term is reserved for people who are good at there jobs and discreetly look the part not for gobby bullies) 
Had a fabulous lunch here in July so booked to come back with 4 friends last night who were coming on my recommendation. So table was booked over 4 weeks in advance. Arrived just before 8pm (booked for 8pm) to a completely full restaurant and asked to wait at the bar area. By 8.15 there were 14 people in the “bar area” which is not designed to accommodate such a number. We were constantly in the way of waiters bringing out food. I asked “the person in charge” ( who was not the manager there on my previous visit) to tell me realistically how long our table would be as there didn’t seem to be any tables looking anywhere nearly ready. He told me there was a large table that had been told they had to be gone by 8pm but were taking longer. I said if they knew they had to vacate the table at 8pm he should ask them to leave. He came back saying they needed ten minutes. The next minute a birthday cake was taken to that table so it was obvious they were not ready to leave. So by 8.40 we decided to leave (leaving another party of 5 who also booked for 8pm still waiting). We stopped at the “birthday table” on our way out to politely ask had they been aware that they needed to vacate the table at 8pm? No they were NOT told any such thing. So the waiter had blatantly been lying to us the whole time. I challenged him on this and he couldn’t even answer- he just looked at me. The restaurant has proved to be very popular and they have obviously got greedy too soon and are overbooking the tables to a capacity that they cannot deal with. They should have been honest with us at 8pm. Thankfully the Delhi Kitchen a few doors along could accommodate us and rescue our evening. Incidentally- the person in charge didn’t even have the grace to apologise. Not impressed!! 
This was the second time I have been to Arens Bar but first time for food. We arrived and sat down drinks were taken straight away but then another table came in around 10mins after us. The waiter avoided eye contact when we tried to get his attention.. when I asked about what a type of food was he looked at me like I was stupid and he had no idea either but never even said I will ask for you.. the table that came in after us were served before us... I asked the waiter if we could order (after finally getting his attention) he said ye and then carried on waiting on other tables ... after watching him for 10mins I got up to go to the bar and ask for service .. when I turned around the wairer was standing at our table and with the most discusting attitude said ' do you want water or something, I told you I was going to come and take your order', I just replied with a well I assumed you forgot as you were carrying on with other things. He then took every ones order on my side of the table and as I went to say what I wanted he ignored me and walked to take other side order then looked up and said 'is that it then' no it wasnt I hadnt ordered and he knew it!!! then our sharing platter came not a sharing platter at all £15 for two prawns and 1 peice of very small garlic bread :/ we aaked for more and much to his demise he said he would get more. After dinner we were told to move to bar due to tables being moved. Whilst in the bar I found out that the type of people that go there are foul mouthed and violent. Being verbally abused and threatened for no real reason by a girl I can only say muat have been on drugs was escorted outside and after screami ng for me to be taken to her so she could do something to me they LET HER BACK IN. I LEFT AS I WAS NOT ABLE TO ENJOY MYSELF KNOWING A CRAZY WOMAN WAS ALLOWED TO BE BACK IN THE BAR I WILL NEVER BE GOING BACK !!!!!!  
I went with my mother and two daughters for lunch today and have never experienced worse service. We waited 20 minutes to order, only one of us was asked if we wanted a drink which then we had to ask for after it had not be brought over after a further 20 minutes. We had our starters but then, after waiting for our mains for 40 minutes, a waitress came over and said our mains would be a further 10 minutes. 10 minutes came and went so we asked the waitress again about our mains and were told it would be another "few minutes" as the ticket hadn't gone through to the kitchen. A further 15 minutes went by so we asked to speak to the manager who came over, bringing out our mains. He then said that the reason for the delay was something to do with the oven not being hot enough and repeated the issue with the ticket. We weren't charged for two of the four mains but the mains were poorly cooked and we were never apologised to. The fact that it took over 50 minutes to cook fish is incredibly disappointing and we will be warning friends off going to the restaurant. 
This is the worst bar I have ever been too. I went here for the first time on a night out recently. As soon as we arrived the experience was terrible. Having looking on line the price on the door to get in was supposed to be £5 however when we asked to pay the bouncers demanded that the price had gone up just as we arrived to £10. Eventually after 20 minuets of arguing with them the owner poped his head out to agree to let us in for the advertised price. As we made our way in the bouncers spoke amongst them selves making extremely rude comments about some of the girls in our group. The prices inside were extortionate the kind you would expect to pay for a club in central London. £7 got me a double vodka and lemonade however when I got it I found it wasn't even what I had ordered. They had 'forgotten' to put any vodka in there at all. They made me a new glass however even the second one still tasted extremely weak. The whole atmosphere was terrible, it was a tiny space filled with the majority being older women prowling on younger men. Entirely disappointed with the whole evening. 
Me and my family are regulars at Arens Restaurant and loved the themed nights. The staff are great and the entertainment is spot in. Last night I was very disappointed!!! Me and my family were looking forward to the themed Motown night which we have been to previous on numerous occasions but were disappointed to find the music was stopped due to the owner wanting to enjoy a peaceful meal. It perplexes me that an owner can organise a weekly event and advertise it to customers as a great night for entertainment but stop it just so he can have a peaceful night. Me and my family thoroughly enjoy these entertainment nights and purely go for the entertainment. We all felt very uncomfortable as the owner looked down on us for enjoying ourselves and even made comments about us being drunk. No not drunk just enjoying ourselves with alcohol we purchased from YOUR bar that lines your pockets!!! Last night our bill was £400 and I can easily say from this one experience I will no longer be attending Arens bar on any night. It's a shame really as the venue, staff, food and entertainment is spot on... Shame about the owner!!!!!!!! 
Went to Arens bar for a friends birthday and was asked to send over our orders in advance as there was 15 of us. On the night they didn't bring our starters, when asked they just put our main meals in front of us and said 'we must of only got half your email' , no apology waiter just avoided the question. 
We were booked in for lunch on a Sunday before Christmas. When we arrived, we were ignored by the staff in the cramped reception area. There was no bar staff in the bar so basically we just sat there. Eventually we were able to hand in our coats and order drinks. A young couple in the bar area complained about the lack of service and then left. The dining room itself is bare with these bizarre book shelves. The set menu wasn't what we expected. It doesn't clearly say on their website which menu is available when. We were lectured by the arrogant manager that we had made a mistake with our booking. You never blame the customer but should try and find a solution. We then left without having eaten and had a lovely meal at Côte. We will never go back there. The manager said to us when we left that they don't have to indicate which menu is valid for what day since they had over 100 people booked. Very bad attitude. 
Popped in last Friday evening around 7:30, we didn't have a booking but thought we'd try it. Place was empty so we asked if here was a table for 3. Lots of teeth sucking from waiter who said they were booked for later (fair enough) but he could fit us in if we could be done in under an hour... We declined, I'd rather he just said no. Admittedly we could have booked, but it was the teeth sucking, and studying empty tables for a whie that put us off... 
Do not waste your time. Last night I visited for the 2nd time with 2 male friends & they refused us entry at 11:00pm-stating they was at capacity. 2 minutes later they let 4 trampy looking fellas in with no hassle. Incredibly small venue with unbelievably rude door staff & overpriced drinks. Never coming here again.  
I went arens bar it was overcrowded the bounce looked under trained there were too many people in the corridor I couldn't move the security were very weak not doing there job properly. Worst bar I ever been to very unprepared. The management are un organise the worst place don't visit  
I would not recommend this Restaurant. I pre-booked a table for myself and 9 friends for our xmas party and we where informed we had to all pay a £20 deposit which we where all fine with and did so without any problems. a few days before the owner contacted me to ask for full payment for everyone which I thought was very strange as we had not even stepped foot or eaten yet, when I questioned him his responce was it was to speed up and make payments on the night less complicated and a smoother transaction throughout. I found this a little strange for a £30 set menu, as they would only need to take an extra £10 plus drinks costs- which they would have to process any how. When my friends found out about this they where shocked and put off so we decided not to eat there and I asked for our refund of our deposit and the owner suddenly worried he was losing a potential £300 party tried offering us a free table for the evening nightclub, but the damage was already done we got our deposit back and took our business elsewhere and had a fab night. 
We had high hopes for this restaurant. Coppers was better. We prefer the decor now but the food is more important. We had Sunday lunch and it was tasteless. The roast was bland and the linguine sauce tasted of tinned tomatoes. The prawns were big but also tasteless. The veal escalope was fine but needed a sauce on the side and the rocket garnish with it wasn't even dressed. 
Surprised at the other good reviews and high star ratings, that is why I visited this restaurant but very disappointed and I wouldn’t come again. 
We recently moved to the area,and have always heard this restaurant WAS 10/10 for food!  
No doubt a lovely setting. We went for a special occasion with friends having the taster menu. Some dishes were great, others very poor. Service was at times great, at others poor. The wine pairing was quite poor value for money. For the money charged I would expect consistent high level of service and quality which unfortunately this place did not offer. 
Went here for lunch and when opened the menu we had been given was immediately put off by a strong smell of sick, soon realising the menu was covered in baby sick. Was given a new menu but but our appetite had obviously diminished after that, did not enjoy the meal and won't be returning 
The place was rather empty when we sat down to order our dinner, so was shocked the staff took 15 mins to come over to the table. She took all our 4 orders and the food came without issue. My partner ordered steak, medium. It was so over cooked he had trouble cutting it. We asked for a new plate of food. This was rather awkward as we had all started eating. 25 mins later we had all finished and no plate had come back from the kitchen? The waitress did say sorry but he wasn't going to eat now as he would be eating on his own. We asked to cancel due to this and for the bill as it had spoiled our whole meal out.  
At almost £15 for a curry, you’d think you’d be getting something really good. 
Went to book a table for my husbands birthday celebration asked to book for 7.30 10 days in advance midweek they had two bookings that evening the lady in a condescending manor told me would have to be 6.00 6 30 to leave at 8pm or 8pm onwards ,as I am sure many of you with younger children will appreciate 6.oo 630 is too early for adults and a bit too early for 14 year olds ,it was the attitude that spoilt it even before eating at this restaurant,it is early days for this restaurant but I wish they wouldn't have treated us as if we were the nuisance and that they command the time that we as diners go for dinner.a little disappointed but have booked another venue for his 50th at 7.00 o'clock with no time limit on when we have to be out 
We ordered food using the apo justeat, they were wrong with the timing and the food was so bad, I have never tried such a bad chicken korma in my life, red curry horrible too.  
My friend and I had dinner pre refurb and food and staff were excellent. Post refurb food was ok but staff in bar ignored us, no interest in interacting with guests, serving or ensuring glasses weren't empty. Extremely disappointing and no support from complaint to General Manager. It's expensive which is fine as previously the service was exceptional but that has completely disappeared. Does anyone know what has gone wrong? 
Called to order our takeaway and they wouldn’t take the order by phone and directed us to their internet ordering system. Completed this, including payment, and was given a pick up time between 6.30-6.45. After well over an hour still waiting here at the restaurant to collect the order behind a queue of irate customers and Uber Eats drivers...! Would give up and get fish & chips but they have my payment. 
Ordered and ordered and paid for a home delivery over two hours ago. No sign of anything and no-one is picking up the phone.  
Too overcrowded. Bench seat jammed up against a wall, so had to ask 5 people to move before I could get out. Too long to wait for meal. Very small portions for £25 menu. Lighting was dimmed down so much couldn't see what we were eating. Ruse staff. 
Phoned up to make a reservation and check the restaurant was in the Government “eat out scheme” and was told it was. 
Don't bother Used to be fully booked all weekend but tonite we phoned up at 8 o'clock to be told any time after 9 would be fine! Now I know why the food was bland at best! Then to be told if you don't like it put it in writing! 
I cannot fault the staff here, very friendly. Sat down straight away (was around 11.30) so ur wasn't busy anyway. Orders where taken within 5 minutes. 
I wish I could give zero stars, but one is the minimum. 
When we asked the waiter if it was possible to make the mezze platter big enough for three to share, his reply was short and sharp. "NO, THE SIZE IS STANDARD". We would have obviously paid the extra. If you want to share, make sure you are an even number... Their loss entirely as no other starter was ordered. The pizza was not worth the wait, it was way too thin and dry and too salty. There will be no return visit, the restaurant has deteriorated in food, service and cleanliness. 
The restaurant had an appealing appearance but not an appealing smell. For the main, I tried the meal that had kofte I can't remember the exact name of the meal but the kofte tasted sour, dry and hard with an odd smell, the bread was also stale like it was heated than cool down and reheated again and again. The following morning I kept vomiting and I knew it was the food from here as it smelt like it. AVOID!! 
Walked in without a booking, told there would be 30mins wait even though there were about 10 tables empty that remained empty for the entire time we were there??  
Had a pot of tea there today, the cup I was given had lipstick on the rim, the inside of the cup was badly stained, the first .jug of milk offered had stains on the inside and outside, the jug was sent back and replaced with an equally vile jug of milk and guess what, filthy dirty inside and out. The manager Mr Joyce relayed to me that the inside stains were caused by the jug being used for lattes,. On the flip side Mr Joyce did tell me if I was to suffer a stomach bug I could ask my GP to carry out a stool test? I was refunded the price of the put of tea. Mr Joyce did say he would ensure all the crockery will be disinfected and cleansed at close of business tonight. Never again, we don't have to put up with bad hygiene. 
The customer service was appalling, none of the staff want to serve you or take your order, no customer checkbacks. Although most of the food was good, my friends had food poisoning after the meal. We ate there on Monday evening and it was the only meal we had together as a reunion. On Wednesday, I had a very bad fever and chills and had been throwing up. I had to take the day off work and have lost my appetite since and still feel sick. My friends have both felt sick as well as symptoms of food poisoning. One friend can't keep anything down him as he is so sick and has to go to A&E. Someone really needs to check the hygiene of this place as clearly the restaurant does not care about the quality of its food or customer service. 
This place USED to be a sensation.  
Otto's has really gone down the pan since changing hands last year.  
The. English to do not complain enough and I should have . Seated at 8pm but did not get our order until 8.50. The steak was chewy and tasteless. My friends steak lookalike it was charcoal. The coffee was Luke warm . The only good thing about the place was the staff were friendly. Will not be going back there anytime soon. Maybe a bad night for the chefs. 
Where do I start !!! 
I came here with my husband as a pre birthday dinner what a huge mistake, the food was terrible some undercooked and over cooked service was awful no one really listened trying to get food recooked was impossible being ill after the meal was the birthday present I was not expecting never would go there again. 
I hadn't been to this Indian restaurant for some time and now regret getting my takeaway from there last night. Whilst the main curry dishes were fine the chicken starters were disgusting. The chicken was so tough and dry it was in-edible, even cutting it with a knife was difficult. I suspect that the chicken was either microwaved or reheated in some way. If this chef has won an award god help Sidcup! 
30 mins late on delivery, smallest lamb chops I've ever seen and terribly over priced. Chicken curry was mediocre at best. Won't be ordering from there again and does not encourage me to go to the restaurant. 
Came to Ballaro for an evening meal after reading review suggested. The pizza I had wasn’t that good. It was really tough dough and the whole pizza covered the flavour of the mussels. The seafood topping also was not fresh. When I asked about some details on the promotions with the waiter his response was quite rude and made me feel like a begger who trying to get a free meal! Bad food and bad customer service. Very disappointed with everything in this restaurant. 
On arriving at the restaurant we were advised by the female (not wearing a name badge) that it would be 5,10,15 minutes before we would get a table so we went through to the bar to get a drink. We waited around 5 minutes before a barman appeared and he served us a glass for the refillable drinks and a bottle of water - both glasses were very hot (not great for cold drinks) but before we could say anything he had disappeared again. My partner decided to fill his glass with ice to cool it down, but I asked one of the other staff in the next bar to get him to exchange my glass, which he did.  
We have been regulars at this Harvester for almost 4 years, as it's our local and always (used to be) a good place to go for a good meal on those nights when you just don't fancy cooking. We went last night and stood at the front for about ten minutes before someone even acknowledged our existence (not a good start!). We were told that there would be a 30 min wait for a table. We didn't mind this, as we had been on previous occasions and told there would be a 30 min wait which ended up being much less. However, on this occasion, we waited 45 minutes for the table. In the meantime we ordered drinks at the bar (which took about 20 mins). The guy behind the bar was doing his best but nobody stepped in to help him, despite there being 2-3 other members of staff standing around in the vicinity. We were eventually shown to a table and were surprised to see that the restaurant was almost empty, which certainly didn't explain why we'd waited so long to be seated! It then took another ten minutes for a waitress to come over and take our orders. By this time we'd been in the place for over an hour and were still no closer to eating! Once our orders had been taken we made our way to the salad bar, which was under-stocked and the bowls were absolutely filthy - the people behind us also commented on this. This was the final straw. My husband spoke to a team leader and asked him to cancel our order (after explaining all the aforementioned issues). We could have lived with it if it was a one-off experience but we've had bad experiences in here before. We have kept coming back because we've also had good experiences. But the place is desperately under-staffed and the attitude of some of the staff is terrible! We certainly won't be going back in a hurry, at least not to this one. 
A most unpleasant meal ordering the salmon. Would not recommend it. The only good points were that it was very reasonably priced and the salad bar was passable. Would much rather pay more for a decent meal 
Avoid this place if you value well cooked food in a pleasant atmosphere. The toilets here are disgusting and the place feels grubby and unkempt. Chicken served was undercooked. 
After having this restaurant recommended by a friend we decided to take Mum there for Mothers Day Eve. I’ve been in greasy spoon cafes with more ambience than this restaurant! Tables crammed in and the noise is deafening. Service was very prompt but with absolutely no personal service, I don’t expect to have a chat but a smile would be a bonus! One of the starters was wrong and then one of the main dishes didn’t turn up till we’d nearly completed the meal. That said, the food was nice - nothing exemplary just ‘nice’. To top it all off the man who took the card payment simply thrust the machine at us then stood gazing into space as the payment went through, not one word did he utter - not even a thank you! Rude, miserable staff! Avoid! 
We had booked a table for 7pm Sat night, we arrived early, we were shown to our table and ordered drinks. The manager came over questioning our reservation, he was brusque and implied we didn't have a reservation. We showed him mobile phone logs showing the restaurant was called last Wednesday and a further text to all parties confirming the reservation. He claimed his restaurant phone had no record of our call and there was no entry in the reservations book. I asked to see the call log on his digital phone suspecting it only stored 20 entries and didn't go back to last Wednesday, he refused asking us to prove we had a reservation, uh? He said he had no tables free but 6 tables were empty. He became rude, it was embarrassing and it was clear he was not going to serve us. We left and had a good meal in a nearby restaurant. 
Very unqualified staff. No clarity in what order is taking, Poor service. 
Could not recommend this restaurant. Wife suffered from a rather bad Bombay belly. Have not been back to the restaurant since. 
Just looking for a quick bite and drink with friend after an exhausting day Front of house very good but slow service both at bar and food took ages to come wasn't good by any standards Nacho burger with the end of a tomato and limp lettuce leaf bottled guacamole sour cream and salsa at a not cheap 10.99 was frankly sub standard My friends fries didn't turn up until I had eaten mine no sauces until u table scrounged Staff did their best but too few and obviously a problem in the kitchen Very poor for a chain like this 
Refused to take telephone call on deaf relay service, continually hang up. 
Arrived and the manager/owner pointed us to our table, not acceptable. On a Friday/Saturday there is only the ‘party’ menu which is £25 per head. You have no option. The atmosphere is loud and unromantic. Food was obviously cooked from frozen and pretty poor. No taste and no flavour. No bottles of tap water allowed on the table. The only bonus is the free shot at the end. A large bill for a large disappointment. 
We have dined at Red Peppers many times over the years and generally found it to have good food and reasonable prices. Lunch today certainly was not at all like previous experiences. Arrogant could not care less waiter and average food. A shame we will not be going back. 
My husband and I decided to call in for an afternoon meal. Although it was very quiet the service was slow. When the meal did arrive, my jacket potato looked as if it had been kept aside for quite a while, it was so dry as was my mushroom which had shrivelled up and dried out. I wasn't given any butter with my jacket potato but did go and get my own. My husband had the mixed grill and confessed it was the worst one he's ever had. The steak was stringy and grisly, the chips were well overcooked and the mushrooms were shrivelled beyond recognition and dry. 
Do you need to know anything else about this place. Have eaten here many times over the years but will never go back again. Absolutely disgusted. Waiting staff were attentive and friendly. They deserve their tips. That's what we pay them for isn't it? 
Went for a drink and decided to get some nachos, I clearly stated I was vegetarian. Wait 20 minutes for the food to arrive, was eating to then find a piece of BACON in my vegetarian nachos. They gave me a refund and after asking a new plate of nachos which is beside the point. NOT HAPPY.  
This was a really great local restaurant with excellent service - not any more. We waited far too long to be offered a drink - then 45m after our starter with no sign of the main. The table next to us waited an hour for mains then had to send one back - she was still waiting as her friends finished eating. When we complained we were told we were ‘rude’ - we will not return. So sad a really great place has been spoilt 
I have eaten several times here and wrote great reviews in the past. However, our last visit was disappointing.  
Thought we were in fawlty towers at one point! Arrived with our family of six for birthday treat. On arriving at 1.15 could hear mutterings to our lovely waiter "tell em we want the table back at 3". Asked waiter if there was a problem he said no problem. Same surly woman instead of greeting diners. Said we want yr table back at 3 this was at 2! No hello or smile! Nxt after finishing our mains at 3 she announced loudly that we must leave and she would give us a further 20 minutes as a CONCESSION and as a further gesture we would be allowed to take our desserts as a TAKE AWAY! What disgraceful behaviour.  
I've eaten at Red Peppers with my husband before without any problems so was a bit put out when I tried to book a table for six for my upcoming birthday dinner. I booked for 7.30 and was told in no uncertain times that 'we want the table back for 9.30'. Given that they knew it was my birthday and that I was bringing 5 other people with me, I was annoyed to say the least. Needless to say I cancelled and booked another restaurant that doesn't have these stupid rules! 
Prices gone up, food gone way down. Pick your own cold yucky sauce from a selection of 6 at a bit of a messy counter. All sauces mixed up at the counter so it took 3 goes to find one we thought we might like (it was also horrid) The little silver dishes were wet and stuck together (lovely). Flavours were all horrible. We did not know we could still get our favourite kickin chicken until after the meal either. Ribs were tasteless (unusual) and chicken dry (also unusual). It was not broke so why on earth did they try to fix it. Not going back until they improve the menu bring back reasonable earlybird prices and forget those horrible new sauces! 
On arrival there was no one at the reception station so we wait until someone comes and by now there are 3 other parties waiting. We are shown to our table and it is filthy Our waitress seems to be flying around all over the place and waiting on too many tables and customers, she apologises time and again but nothing improves. I, along with another member of our party, get a meal that is different to what we ordered, when we pointed this out to the waitress she replied, " did you really want the other stuff that's missing?" well, what we did get was a dried out piece of beef with no sauce or pineapple, some bland sweet potato chips and cold beans in a cup/mug! No cutlery on the table or elsewhere and we had to ask 3 different people to get us some. Nothing to wash our hands/fingers in after eating the starters either. This place is in dire need of a visit from a certain department and management needs to be changed ASAP! A warning about eating there at night, the lights are switched off in the carpark and apart from it being a health & safety issue this also stops customers from seeing the few signs that state you have to pay to use the carpark!! We were asked if we had bought a ticket at the end of our meal, some 2 hours after we arrived! We should have been told about the parking fines when we arrived...not at the end! All in all, poor food, poor hygene, this place is a greasy spoon cafe that is in need of an upgrade and an inspection. There is no way I/we will be returning because it is obvious that genuine customer feedback is not at all important to the staff & management of this establishment and I would wager that any comments/suggestions are discarded out of hand. 
Dirty premises, indifferent staff and poor quality food. If you want a Harvester Northolt is far better.  
Ordered food last evening at around 04:30 pm to be delivered around 08:00 pm and at 07:36 pm I got an email saying that my order has been declined. Called them up several times after that but no one answered my call. Had to wait another 45 mins for the food to arrive from somewhere else. 
It was a very stressful dinner from begging to the end. There was this old man who seems to be the owner was very rude with us on arrival. He nade everything very confused for us. instesd of looking after us,his main concern was about what time we need to leave the restaurant. He was imposing some set menu for all of us which was more expensive. It was lots of useless discussion.  
Went here last night for a meal and was very disappointed. Firstly one of the female waitresses totally humiliated me which ruined the rest of my evening and made us feel very awkward. Secondly, we felt the food wasn't great. Won't be going back in a hurry. 
Windows walls tables cutlery all absolutely filthy!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok here goes. Went to this place on Valentine's Day for a last min meal with my family. The place was half empty, which says a lot. 
Having been to the restaurant a few times previously, we never had any issues and enjoyed the food and service. My friend ordered a vegetarian pasta dish which we've both ordered multiple of times, for some strange reason this time it contained chick peas which was NOT stated in the menu. My friend has a severe allergy to chickpeas, and whilst she was eating the dish she came across a chick pea and luckily did not consume. After speaking to the manager, who didn't even apologise! asked if she would like ' 'anything else instead', considering I was half way through my own meal at this point and she was hungry, she ordered a different dish. When the bill came we were surprised to be charged for the pasta dish (which was cheaper than the replacement), contemplating whether to tell the manager to request that this really shouldn't be charged as this was the restaurants fault, of course we did and he was from another planet! He didn't understand why we should not pay and said that it was her choice that she ordered something else and that if she hadn't ordered anything else, he would have removed the pasta dish completely but as she choose something else (which he asked if she would like instead). The fact that he didn't even apologise was completely shocking and disrespectful, she had an allergy! We said that we were very disappointed and would not return and his response was " thats your problem"! Having travelled to many counties, visited many restaurants I would have never ever expected this kind of service ever! i've been to restaurants where i've been unhappy with an item and the manager instantly offers an apology, nothing is charged and sometimes theres even a free dessert. Clearly the manager knows nothing about being a manager or about good customer service, never met such an ignorant person! 
Not enough staff, long queues to get a table, most empty tables are full of dirty dishes etc, the floor is dirty. There are no teapot covers! The food took nearly an hour to arrive and its not that good, waste of money. Sauce bar is a health hazzard, AVOID 
I've been coming to Otto once or twice a week since the early 2016 with family, friends, guests, visitors and my whole team came there for a party, this is about 150+ times. And the food and the service was constantly impeccable and consistant even at busiest times! But I am afraid, that since the restaurant has changed the ownership this summer, things have changed. Avocado on the goat cheese salad was black all the way through, which was never before and my wife has this salad often. The lamb in the spicy lamb pot was clearly rare on the 27th September. And the Spinach clearly had sand in it a week before. The worst is not that, but the fact that the manager explained, that the avocados boxes are "sometimes dropped" when delivered and that is why they bruised. he thought we've never had avocados before - it was off or frozen and black all the way through. Shouldn't serve it then! Send it back to suppliers! And it was no apology at all!  
Served meat moussaka when we had ordered vegetarian moussaka. The birthday girl got a free dessert and that was the apology apparently. They didn't seem to take it seriously that my vegetarian friends had just been served meat. Won't be coming here again. 
Ordinary food in a dated dingy and cramped place. Staff were very rude in their service and also hurt my little 8 year old in the way they moved the table. we decided to walk away. Enter if you like being served by aroggant rude people. 
i had sunday lunch here yesterday on first appearance it seemed relaxed and nice but a nasty smell which i can only put down to poor house keeping quickly ruined this my starter of calfs liver was dry and hard like it had been sitting around for a long time , onto my main a sunday roast which consisted of a few once again dry pieces of catering beef four new potatoes and a miniscule bowl of veg very poor .opted for Turkish house white which turned out to french , i suggest anyone wanting a sunday roast in this vicinity cross the road and go to scala 
We had booked a table for 8.30pm and we arrived on time to be told are table was not ready and we would have to wait. 20 minutes later we decided to get a drink at the bar. 
felt very rushed AGAIN from start to finish its run more like a business then treating customers properly and letting people enjoy their meals sorry but I just cant be convinced enough to go back again after this visit its ok sending the manager around table to table but who's going to tell him his restraint is rubbish for a manager to do this in my opinion is intimidating customers and trying to big the place up please trust me theres better Chinese restraunts in Orpington and surrounding areas 
If I wanted a reheated ready meal - I'd get one from M&S and manage to reheat it properly! Lukewarm gloppy vegetables. Overcooked pasta. Burnt to a crisp ribs with a really nasty sauce. THe only slightly acceptable food was a pizza - but for the money - give me Pizza Express any day! 
Have used for takeaways over the years and food generally ok but pricey for what you get. Just been in and been told they refuse contactless as they have had issues with not getting the money. I said I’ve never heard of this before but even the manager came over and said I need to put my PIN number in. I explained I don’t like doing that hence the reason many use contactless but to no avail. Rather sad that they have known me by name for years and will not be using again.  
I'm sad to say that WE WILL NOT BE EATING HERE EVER AGAIN  
given this place a couple of chances to improve it doesn't happen always rush out rush out they work on profit by turnover ive worked in hospitality as my daughter does now zians is a disgrace 
Arrived on Wednesday afternoon approximately 3.30 hardly anybody in restarant,awaited to be served but had to go and find manager to get seated,got seated and awaited for waitress had to go looks no for waitress,ordered food and started on starter (salad) no bread rolls available so carried on with eating salad ,ordered nothing special,bangers and mash,chicken breast(kids),kids steak and chips, waited over 50 minutes and kept on looking at the serving counter ,asked waitress who was eating her dinner where ours was ,reply was"asked someone else to serve you"waited another 10 minutes and then proceeded to leave and then was told by another waitress food will be ready ,continued to leave and then was asked to wait for manager he took 10 minutes to turn up and explained situation to him he just apologised I then left 
This was the only place we could get in with everywhere else full, thanks to Rishi Sunak. The food was average as always here, but the food was not the issue. When the bill came, we were taken aback at how much it was for a so-so 2 course and (admittedly) a fair amount of wine. It was then that we noticed there was no £10 per head discount. The waiter (manager?) came over. 
Today, June 19 2019...my 2nd time to do take away, my astonishment that the female who took the order via phone asked her Manager if the price is reduced or variabley reduced price if the garnishings or other side dishes were not included, ----at my astonishment, the manager on the background of the phone call order says "NO"...and should pay the same price.... 
I've visited this restaurant every other year since it was at its best when it was called Bunters. I no longer regard it as a proper restaurant due to the awful food I've had on my last couple of visits. 
I had heard good things about this place so decided to give it a try. 
This place is an absolute rip off. Not in the least bit customer focused , the portions are small, thew service is supercilious( as are the management) and the prices are excessive .. I strongly advise you not to go there. Is spent £650 pounds there fora party of 7 and I think it was the worst value meal I have purchased in the UK for a long long time. My Advice to you is to avoid... do not go there. 
The Bingham used to be the best cocktail bar and restaurant in Richmond. Sadly this is no longer the case. With the new redesign they have removed the bar altogether and I would agree with a review further down that the style is now like Pizza Express. The plastic wicker chairs are terrible and the faux books and mid century design is unoriginal. The drawing room (previous bar) is really badly laid out and uncomfortable and it’s so cramped that the waiters bump your chair every time they walk past. Dinner is served in this room now as well, which has a much more casual feel (think Giraffe or Pizza Express) but is the same price as the more plush dining rooms. They don’t tell you to specify when you reserve and originally our table was in this room (thankfully we were moved). 
We went to this Chinese restaurant last night as our favourite one was closed. It was a celebration for my parents coming to London to visit us, so we decide to go outside to eat.  
Was taken here 2 years ago for my 60th Birthday...absolutely amazing...so relaxing..beautiful setting on river...cocktail bar /food amazing...felt really spoilt.... 
£45 for a 3 course meal excluding drinks as part of a party. Decor, etc was quite nice but very busy and full of posers and posh wannabees with noses pointing firmly in the air. Good if you're in to that kind of thing. 
This was my favourite Indian restaurant with wonderful food and normally a nice atmosphere. However, I booked a table for New Year's Eve at 7:30. I arrived with my wife at 7:20 and was told that my table wasn't ready yet which was fair enough, there was nowhere to sit so we had to stand to wait. I enquired at 7:40 and was told that the people at my table were waiting for a taxi. At 7:50 I enquired again and mentioned that I was diabetic. At 8:00 I went outside to sit in the cold because I was tired of standing. They then produced a stool for me inside. At 8:10 we left as the customers our table were still waiting for a taxi, and I was becoming hypo glycemic. I have to ask - why couldn't the customers that were waiting for a taxi not wait at the bar. I know that I have waited three hours for a taxi on New Years Eve in the past. It is a pity that I cannot reward them with my continued custom, because I loved this restaurant. Happy New Year to the staff at Indian Essence - you were really classy. 
Visited the Bingham recently - food was average and the service very poor. Had the tasting menu with wine but on virtually every course had to wait for the wine to be served and had to chase the staff. Our table was in the small side room - no atmosphere - main room much better and I would not risk being placed there again - £300.00 for 3 not good value. In addition and not a small point but I don't know any restaurant of this type allowing noisy children under 5 during dinner service. Will not visit again. 
We went for a family meal in Xian, and found the food average standard. Better than your usual takeaway but not as good as other Chinese restaurants we have been to. 
Queried on the final bill which outrageously charged £2.50 for a simple chilli oil condiment, which is free and commonly available in any other self-respecting Chinese Restaurant.  
Not been here for years. Went for my husbands birthday. There was a group of very noisy men having fun. No problem until thier language became disgusting. We asked the staff to ask the men to tone the language down, but we're told when we come for meals out we should expect this kind of thing. We asked 3 times for my son's drink. My mum and sister were in a conversation next to each other. The waitress actually pushed them apart so she could clear the table. Food was good and good value for money. I had been many a time with my husband and had impeccable service. Why were the staff so rude and inattentive on this ocassion. I suspect because they were so busy, but they should still be polite. 
We live around the corner and drive past CC often, so booking a table for 7pm on the first Wednesday of August, for the first meal ‘out’ after COVID should have been pleasant.  
Arrived at 7.15 as requested by restaurant.Got a cab there as did not want to be late. By 8.40 we had still not received our starter. We were told it would be another 10 minutes...by which time we gave up and went home.They tried to placate us with a tiny tray of dips and tiny popadoms....dont go if you are really hungry or have an appointment later on as you will never get served. 
We went back to Luna Rossa as we have had a great experience just before the lockdown. It’s not the same atmosphere of months ago, probably the management has changed. Loud rap music with the team singing the song almost shouting, I couldn’t even talk to my partner, the manager seemed to be intoxicated and the chefs were touching their mobile phones while making the pizzas, totally unhygienic. Such a shame, we are a very disappointed Italian couple, we’ll never come back. 
I had seen on the website that all NHS staff get a 25% discount. Called up place my order and told them I work for the NHS to be told that the discount stop yesterday. What an absolute con of a business!  
Xian restaurant was recommended to us by a work colleague. We couldn't find a website to view the menu so I called up to ask if there was a website. The person who answered the phone at Xian advised there was no website & quickly said goodbye and hung up no chance for me to ask if there was any availability for a table this Saturday night! Will not be calling back. 
Apart for the decor, Shobha's was a big dissapointment. Food was a let down for both veg and non veg. 
I booked online. 
I'd not been to Xian for years and decided to treat 'My Fair Lady' to what was once one of my favourite Chinese restaurants.  
We've been a client in this restaurant for years. Even had my daughter's 18th bday here. Though for a couple of years now they changed the menu & the ambience/decoration of the place. Only thing that didn't change is how expensive it is. I wanted to give a zero but due to some staff who are very good in customer service I'm giving them a bit of a leeway. But the reason we will never ever going back is because of how the manager gave us the worst customer service. It was during New Year's eve dinner.we already prepaid upon booking.unfortunately my mom got ill. instead of cancelling, we requested the manager upon arrival if we can have her share for take away so she can have dinner when we get back in time for New Year. When we are about to leave, there was no food prepared for her. The manager left & the kitchen is closed. As I had a bit of drink myself I was so upset. My mom ended having a canned soup on New Year's Eve. I was expecting at least an apology the next day, week, but up to this day nothing. The food was not even that good for its price, but because we're local & loyal, we tried to overlook this. But not anymore. Will never ever go back there & will never recommend it to anyone who value & love their mothers 
tried to book for a special occasion but was told we cant take booking for 18 people as restaurant only holds 60. Seems like they want to turn customers away. Manager was VERY rude over the phone and could not care less. AVOID THIS MANAGER AND RESTAURANT AT ALL COSTS UNLESS YOU WANT AN AWFUL NIGHT 
We order food in for my mums birthday, the food was last and had no flavour in the food at all. The crispy bhujia was also a massive let down along with the paneer dishes. Not order any time soon 
I have visited Xian in the past and have had good experiences, but this changed when I visited on Saturday night with my wife. 
My wife and I visited last Saturday evening. This is without a doubt, the worst Indian food I have ever tasted. I suffered through a poor, breaded haddock starter followed by a grizzly chicken dish, cooked in a tasteless gravy. This food had zero Indian influence. My wife had a mint augmented lamb... very poor.... The rice was ok. 
found the staff rude especially the manager, the 'party meal' consisted of a couple of bowls of beetroot, a couple of plates of dips and I've no idea what the others were. 
This is a restaurant I have visited many times over the years and its been steadily getting worse each time to the extent that last night will be my last visit. I dined with a friend who I hadn't seen for a while and wanted a relaxed meal with time to catch up with her and have a few laughs but found Xian to be no better than a fast food restaurant with staff hassling us to hurry up from the moment we arrived. Within seconds of my friend arriving and before we had even greeted each other properly the staff were there asking for our drinks order which was served in record time by a very impatient waitress. We were asked three times within the first 5 minutes if we were ready to order and our crispy duck came straight away and was so dry and over cooked that we left most of it. The tables are so squashed together that you can hardly take your seat and the table itself wasn't big enough for the duck and pancakes along with the prawn crackers so they took them away before we had a chance to eat any of them. The waitresses were running back and forth and if you are unlucky enough to be put in the centre its like being in a busy train station trying to enjoy your meal! Despite telling each waitress we would pour our own wine they constantly topped our glasses up at record speed and anyone driving wouldn't stand a chance as they take no notice of your requests. The next course was chucked on the table as soon as the duck was cleared and any debris on the table was ignored. The food was hot when it arrived but nothing special considering it costs twice as much as the other Chinese restaurants around the area.  
Bland overpriced food. Service ok until the moment we'd finished our food. Then every effort was made to move us from our table so that they could rip someone else off. £17 for a bland curry (exc rice veg etc. ). £6.95 for a bottle of beer. Shocking.  
Very very disappointed. Terrible Customer support.  
I went here for my friends birthday at the beginning of the month. I had heard really good things previous to this so was looking forward to trying it out. I was very disappointed.  
I was here for a business dinner. A waiter asked if anyone had allergies, so I explained I had several. He just said I'd have to eat off the English menu without considering if there were items on the menu I could have had. Everywhere else I've eaten has managed to feed me off their standard menu, it's not that hard. I explained my allergies, which include peas and ordered a Thai green curry off the English menu. It arrived, I ate some and started to feel a slight allergic reaction. I dug around in my food and found a piece of mangetout. I brought this to the waiter's attention and told him there were peas in my dish. He said he'd speak to the chef, came back and declared it was a mange tout, not a pea. Neither he nor, more worryingly, the chef seemed to know that mangetout are peas. Luckily this allergy just causes manageable symptoms, so I didn't need to go to hospital but it was still uncomfortable and unacceptable. For the rest of my stay the head waiter/ manager did not let me eat things I am able to tolerate and prepared me a limited choice of food seperately. He was very considerate, but needs the training to be able to deal with this situation properly. Not only was I served food that contained an allergen I had made the place aware of, but I was then made to feel restricted and awkward for the duration of my stay.  
never again more interested in getting the next lot in so felt rushed and uncomfortable.far better restraunts out there. 
We last visited Xian about four years ago - it was a lunchtime visit and the restaurant was full, the atmosphere was buzzy and the food was excellent. We live well over an hour away so it was never going to be a regular haunt for us. Decided to go for lunch on Friday 24th to celebrate my birthday. What on earth has happened to it? It was empty - only one other table was occupied. The food was terrible. We had crispy duck to start. The waitress took about ten minutes to shred it and quite a lot of it ended up on the table. It was fine if a bit dry. It all went downhill from there. We chose the crispy chilli beef, salt and pepper chicken, and aubergine. The beef was very strange. Rock hard bits of batter in a sickly sweet sauce with no chilli heat whatsoever. It was inedible. The chicken was fine - salty and peppery as described but very dry and would really have benefited from a garlic/spring onion/chilli kind of garnish. Aubergines were slimy and tasteless. It was all very disappointing - I wonder if it has changed hands. If not, I wonder where the chef was on Friday. A day off perhaps....... 
When staying with family on a saturday we have had a really nice takeaway before. This saturday Xian let themselves down. It opens at 6pm and for an hour both lines were engaged. Upon driving down to the restaurant my husband wss told it would be an hour and a half wait for a takeaway order that wasn't phoned in. It would have been great if we could have rung it in!! If this place is so popular for both meals in the restaurant and takeways then it needs to sort itself out. Sounds like a bit of a cattle market when you sit in for a meal too. Not good. 
I went to the restaurant with some friends and thought that the food was very average really nothing special and very expensive for it was.  
I read the reviews and like most people had high expectations. However, I quickly found that the culinary delights I was expected turned out to anything but. 
Visited here on a Friday night without making a booking. Restaurant wasn't particularly busy at all but yet a man named victor insisted on rushing us out of the restaurant. Table was cramped and couldn't strike a conversation with any staff as they was all too busy rushing us and frankly rude if I'm honest. Food was overly salty with no character what so ever!  
I went there last week with a work colleague as she was new to the area, when we went in there we were told we needed to book a table (even though it wasn't full at all)! They then changed their minds and reluctantly gave us a table... That was the start of a very poor serviced night. To begin with we had starters and hadn't finished it when the waiter came over asking if we had...not once but several times!!! Eventually the bearded manager walked over asked us if we were finished with out starter and rather than waiting for a yes or no snatched the starter plates away - by then we were too taken aback by the rude gestures to get rid of us- it was so offensive. Seconds later our food arrived leaving us little time to think about what had happened. The food is good, but the service is so, so poor that at least in McDonald's you would have more respect and better service. The cutlery on the table wasn't changed, it was dirty, we asked for serviettes and we were ignored. I can't believe the food costs so much and the service provided is so poor, I'm still shocked at how badly they treated our custom. I will never return, nor will my friends and family. I am disgusted at the way my friend and I were treated. 
We visited the restaurant and had a really disappointing experience, the food and service were poor and the Bingham failed to acknowledge our feedback. It was a very special occasion and so we had telephoned first ahead of our booking, however, the Bingham didn't provide the menus that they had promised and the food was definitely below par. 
A group of us wanted to meet for lunch, and we contacted the Bingham. They would only accept a booking if we paid £200 up front. We asked what would happen if several people cancelled on the day and the bill was less than £200 and we were told we’d just have to eat or drink more to make up the difference! 
Minute steak was very chewy & small. 3/4 plate was covered in chips. Had to ask for maynose & squeezy bottle appeared (nothing French about this). I have been approx 8 times since its opening & quality of food gone downhill. Will not rush to go back. 
Fawlty towers meets the worse of France! Menu is apparently not the menu and so they delight in over charging for what you order. They take half an hour to serve bread and charge you £3.25 for the privelege. They take 2hrs to serve two dishes when the restaurant is not full. The food is good but nothing to write home about... There are many restaurants in London or this area. Not worth wasting your time here 
I went to this restaurant years back, and l did not like it, so l thought to give another try as a friend of mine insisted to go! 
We ordered a huge amount of food from the takeaway menu. The food came in a lovely box and nicely packed. We couldn't wait to tuck in. However, the box was the best thing about the meal. The food we purchased was awful. I've eaten at the restaurant before and the food was good however the takeaway was bland, oily and also lacked punch and real flavour. A huge disappointment given we spent over £140 on a takeaway. Out of the all the fishes we got from the mains section,not one of them stood out.  
Sorry guys, but just didn't work for me on the second time either. I thought I would give it another chance on my way through.  
Honestly does the entire population of London live on Pizza? This restaurant was full and very trendy! The millennium couple beside us were celebrating her birthday yet couldn't stop to actually chew their food because they were too busy taking Instagram photos of themselves and their Facebook page! We found the chicken under cooked, the pizza wet and soggy! OMG never again the trendy 24 year olds in there can play at it and pretend this is good - not for me horrible. 
I went here last week, it was 5.30 and apart from two other tables in use it was empty.... so I was surprised that they asked if we had booked, I said no and he was quite rude and told us we had to out by 7.30...  
Certain wouldn't return, having heard and read reviews on this restaurant my self and my partner thought we'd give it a try. Having both been at work that day we were looking forward to relaxing, catching up with each other and enjoying the atmosphere. Boy were we wrong! We couldn't hear each other to talk to each other over the music, chairs clanked against our ill placed table, which was placed on the dance floor, staff knocking chairs, asked several times if we were ready to place our order within minutes of being handed the menu and then to top it off everyone dancing around us as we ate pudding. Needless to say we walked out before the 'entertainment' of belly dancing arrived, much to the managers dismay who tried to encourage us to stay. Although our booking was made 2 days before we needed it, I'd have much preferred an honest 'sorry were full'. Staff were friendly though despite one not knowing what the other had done, would recommend staff have a system in place where they have certain areas to work with. Think we will be sticking to Ephesus up the road. 
Nice busy atmosphere, food is disappointing all you can taste is the Chilli. Over rated and very expensive. 
Rude manager,cheap terrible food. Was nice when first opened but has gone down hill. Will not return after how the manager spoke to us after we was given wrong bill then tried to charge us £10 for a family member who was ill and couldn't make the meal ... 
When entering no smiles or good evening. We sat down, it feels like your sitting in a dentist waiting room.White walls and white furniture. 
The food was fine but that's as far as the compliments go. We went for my birthday. We were put at the back of the restaurant, right in the middle so had staff rushing down either side of us. The table was tiny so the food didn't fit on it easily. Then before we were finished the staff started to hurry us so they could get the table back for the next sitting. The service was appalling, surly and rude staff. Would never go back and I'm not sure what all the fuss is about its not that good. Try the King Palace on the corner, it's relaxed and the staff are polite.  
I'm so disappointed to be writing this review having enjoyed many good meals and service at Hisar Meze. I have also been a strong advocate and recommended the restaurant to others. When my wife said that she'd booked a table for my daughters birthday I was really looking forward to visiting. On the lunchtime of our intended visit, my wife phoned the restaurant to check the booking as she'd not received confirmation, only to be told that there was no booking and that the online booking system was not to be trusted! When asked if they could do anything they suggested the 'Mexican down the road'. Not an acceptable alternative unfortunately. POOR! The booking system needs to get fixed, quickly before you lose more loyal customers. Needless to say, we booked a table at Ephesus and had a thoroughly enjoyable meal there, my £100 was gratefully received. 
AS a regular, mostly pleased, diner at Hisar, our meal on Tuesday night was a disaster, very slow service, poor excuses (one of them jokily by the waiter was that the chef had a hang-over) 
I have been there last Saturday and has been a disaster. How do they call Italian restaurant? The beef was hard and the test worst, deep fried calamari were like a chewing-gum. when I ask to the waiter to suggest somewine he didn’t know. They refunded part of the bill but my Saturday night has been ruined. Not again. 
went here a few nights ago 
Avoid this place! the food is reheated, we ordered a meat mousaka...it tasted awful and cheap fatty cuts of meat were used! service was slow...we paid lunch time prices....woudl never pay full for this! 
Went here on a Saturday night after passing it on numerous occasions and it was always busy. We were very very disappointed with the food. Ordered a meze to start, I asked the waiter how many it served and his reply was it was enough for 2, it was only enough for 2 if you cut everything in half and allowed half a t spoon each for the cold part of the meze. Portion size enough for 1.  
Very bad experience. We booked the place for a Christmas dinner. Staff very unprofessional and rude, they insulted us in Italian pretending nobody understood (majority of us were Spanish or Portuguese). They didn’t serve the dessert and the limoncello to everybody and they were already payed and included in the menu. It was supposed to be pizza no limits, only few arrived and also it wasn’t properly cooked. We complained about it, they replied they had an issue with the over - so why are you serving the pizza than?? After a while they prepare a very bad pizza with eggs and bacon, was it supposed to be an English breakfast?!?! Please note I am Italian and I know very well how a pizza should be. Also we payed a lot more than agreed according to the menu we choose, they kept 5£ deposit each and they basically let us pay more without any explanation. The food also was not great. I do not recommend this place to anyone especially for the unacceptable behavior. 
Where should I start...I went on Friday to have dinner with my colleagues to this restaurant as some of us had eaten in another branch in south London and they really recommend it. Necertheless, we all left this place very disappointed for the following reasons: 
This restaurant has a very limited menu for an Indian Restaurant and the food is decidedly unexciting. The lamb was very dry and had little taste. There do not appear to be a lot of choices with fresh ingredients. The setting in an old pub has little atmosphere and it is expensive with a 12.5% service charge. Overall, very disappointing. 
We waited for dinner for about 90 minutes. Total chaos. We were totally ignored until we complained. Eventually we gave up and paid for the wine we drank. We will never go back. 
Poor service, uninterested staff who were rude. Calamari clearly was paste and the pasta was full of salt very disappointed in light of inflated cost!! Avoid!! 
I booked a table using their online booking service on their webpage. I rang them 3 days later as I hadn't had confirmation. They had double booked with a larger table with the same surname, I was eventually told they hadn't received my booking and were now fully booked. Such a shame as it was for a birthday meal. Don't use their online booking. 
Flavourless and overly expensive. Won't go back. Chilli scallops £16 and average in taste. Nothing special barring the decor.  
Restaurant was recommended to me so went with A few friends for birthday dinner. The service was very slow and we were not shown to our table. We waited 1 1/2 hours for food so dinner was very rushed, did not eat till 10.30! food was not all hot and starter costs was confusing as popadoms and dips were charged per person and not per portion! Wine per bottle was more expensive than by glass. We had separate bills as people had to leave and those were not charged properly. We saw a number of people complaining on the evening so there were a lot of unhappy diners. A slice of birthday cake was brought to me but after most of my friends had left. I would have expected a restaurant of this calibre to be much better. It is really annoying that these so called celebrity chefs take more time over achieving fame and fortune rather than making good food and achieving good customer service. 
It used to be a lovely cozy friendly place and we have been going there for years...the management must have changed...today the waiting time was unbearable even if they were not busy the staff incompetent and the food...well where do I start...do not order any seafood pasta  
We turned up for a booked table for 8 at 2.30 and found that they had overbooked. The manager was dismissive and asked us to wait and then tried to put responsibility on the people who hadn't finished. They totally ruined Mother's Day. Awful place to be avoided. 
whoever gave this a;certificate of excellence' is clearly certifiable themselves. Nonsense. Non descript food, overly pretentious and stupidly expensive drinks, avoid, go anyway else, 
Took the food an hour and an half to come!! Just kept giving us drinks over and over that we hadn't asked for but had to pay for anyway!!! Air conditioning was on and everyone was shivering in the middle of November!! Do not recommend this bar to anyone at all! You need a lot of money for the drinks and a whole meal before you leave because they keep you waiting.. AND wear 8 layers. 
The starter I choose the one one in the left £11.95 the salad too same price!  
Have been with friends and, notwithstanding initial positive impressions on the back of high ratings, I realized this is a very touristic Italian restaurant with biblical waiting time for dishes and not tasty food (especially fish). 
We visited this evening as a group of four. The food was fairly good, but the service was poor. The waitress was not very attentive and didn’t seem very happy to be there. When our main courses arrived, mine was missing. We waited for five mins, but there was no apology or explanation offered. I eventually managed to get the waitress’s attention. She said it would come. Again, no apology. After 15 mins, when my friends had nearly finished, mine arrived. I asked the waitress for some chilli oil. She walked off over to the till and then spent five minutes entering bills. I had to remind her again. She finally brought it over, with no explanation or apology. Her manner and lack of attention spoiled what could have been a pleasant evening.  
I got a takeaway, it was on time but it wasn't great 2/5. Also, they charged me £5 for delivery. – Just eat... I won't order with them again, 
This was my worst experience of turkish cuisine. Went with a large group and the service was decent. DON'T GET CHICKEN SHISH!! 5 Individuals ended up with food poisoning and were vomiting the next day. The lamb kofte was served to me red and raw, I told the waiter that it looked rather raw and the response I received was 'this is how it comes, it's the seasoning'. ABSOLUTELY DIABOLICAL. Just don't go here guys. Save yourself from the agony that I experienced. 
Me and my wife went to Todiwalas Kitchen.  
Booked in here for a Saturday night dinner. Atmosphere we nice and we were sitted promptly. However this is where the bad experience started. When the menus were brought to the table, the waiter mentioned that we had the table for 1.5 hours. No big deal, as we didn't plan to stay very long, but that was not mentioned when making the reservation and that is not the first thing you say when receiving clients. 
What a let down, having read the reviews and reading up in the owners incredible journey I was expecting a fusion of foods that would tantalise my taste buds - along with my vegetarian wife we sampled either incredibly hot starters or milder mains - the chicken methi was forgettable and the paneer dipped in batter then thrown into a Heinz soup masquerading as a curry sauce - then the bill come at £70 for two which ordinarily for a lovely mean would be fine left us feeling cheated. Waitrose warm up curries I fear for next week at least there won’t be a dent in my pocket  
We had a breakfast there. In our opinion it was not very tasty. If you have the possibility you are better to do it yourself.  
this use to be our go to posh place for celebrations - never ever again . Asked for the least spicy dish for a few members of our party yet everyone was blown away with the chilli even those that were Asian. The service was amateur and extremely slow but when you are charging premium prices that is just not acceptable. Wanted to take the over hot curry home and they would not let us and argued when we removed the service charge. Think they must of changed owners of chefs but we will never return. 
Never will I set my foot in this place. If u want entertainment DJ and belly dancing fab but food and service and attitude awful. We waited over an hour for our main course and the lamb was uncooked and the food looked awful I asked them immediately to take it away as there was no way we could eat uncooked meat. They said they would re cook it and I said not too bother as we had waited over an hour. The owner then said that we were not able to order any more drinks after complaining and gave us the bill It made me laugh :) 
I booked a table for a lovely evening on their advertised menu of £21.Be warned we were offered the £75 tasting menu when we questioned this and pointed to the offer on the website they very rudely told us that despite that weekday offer on the website they would not honour it. No matter that, that had been the basis of the booking. They really don't care about their customers and are just out to fleece them as we decided to leave not wanting to pay for the £75 pound tasting menu we asked for the bill for the drinks we had to which they added several cobra beers we had not ordered and outrageously 12.5% service charge despite the fact we had to leave and had no service!! Seriously this place is terrible it doesn't matter what the foods like nothing excuses fleecing customers by enticing them online with offers that you then refuse to honour when they arrive. Don't trust any deals you see online expect to turn up and be charged any extortionate amount and also have things added to your bill that you have not ordered. This establishment is dishonest and I shall be reporting them to the trading standards agency.  
Was roaming around Notting hill on a Sunday and thought we would grab lunch here. First of all it looked pretty good from the outside so we thought why not. The waitress we had most have been one of the most miserable people I have ever come across. Zero manners and just grunted. We orders bread and had to ask fir balsamic vinegar which was nasty. The bread was stale and hard. We had prawns and the meat balls to start which were like rubber. Then the pizza and pasta came. Talk about a massive let down. Pizza had no taste was very very bland and lacked cheese. The pasta was dry and hard. Don't waste money here. It's not worth it. Avoid at all costs. 
What a terrible restaurant! My friends wanted to cheer me up before starting radiotherapy next week so we headed off for a Friday night of fun and decided to try Cinnamon Culture - the £24 for 3 courses sounded just the ticket. The website CLEARLY stated the offer was available 'Tue-FRI, 18.00-22.00' (fear not, a live screen grab has been taken for Trading Standards). Imagine our surprise when we were presented with £75 tasting menu?!?! The waiter tried to tell us we were mistaken about the website details and even when we showed the manager the actual webpage he refused to honour the offer. This is false advertising and we have it on good authority that the restaurant have known about this for weeks - today they have amended the page so I'm pleased that no other unsuspecting customers will fall fowl of this dirty tactic! 
Visited in January as a party of 4. The restaurant was very busy and we opted for the taster menu.  
I went with my family for dinner. We ordered cheese dish which is just four pieces of cheese and few sweet potatoes and it is £16. The portions of vegetables and Lentils are very small. They charge me £3.50 for on spoon of pickles with popadum - who charge for pickles disgraceful. Very much disappointed. 
I have eaten and cooked Indian food all over the world, this is the most pretentious Indian'ish food I have ever come across. The menu reads superbly what a shame the food goes nowhere near the expectation. I live in Coventry and there at least 10 better restaurants than this all of which you could visit 10 times for the same price, eating real authentic Indian food. 
The food is awful here! I don't understand the good reviews below. 
Had brunch here, which consisted of supermarket bought ready made (the 'value' range) toast, ham and defrosted muffins... the avocado was the best bit of it (as in it was peeled!). 
We called the restaurant with regards to holding a 30th Birthday celebration for 40/50 people later this year. The staff confirmed availability for us to come in and try the food but that was it! In the past week we have tried one 'celebrity chef' restaurant and they offered us 3 tasting menus with an additional 2 complimentary. We also tried another restaurant in the Heathrow area and they were willing to discount the bill by 20% by way of promotion.  
I went here last night with four friends. Service was very slow and before anything arrived a horrible little man came over and asked us to be quiet as we were laughing and talking too loud. We were talking normally but don't think we had the right accents for his pretentious little restaurant. 
Two of us went for lunch at the Bingham on a Saturday. We had a great seat over looking the gardens and river. The three course meal was good - with my starter of duck liver Parfait being exceptional. My wife's main course of pollack was beautifully presented though rather tasteless. The service was good and the room lovely. So why only one star? We did not drink alcohol and refused both champagne and wine. We also asked for tap water. When we received the bill we had been charged £4.50 extra for bread. We eat out a reasonable amount and have never paid for bread. It was not shown as an extra on the menu and worked out at over 50 p per slice for something fairly ordinary. Is this being punished for not ordering alcohol? Being English we made no fuss and simply paid - but it felt like sharp practice - especially as we were asked if we wanted more. Either way it felt not necessary and left a unpleasant taste on what had been a reasonable experience. no doubt all is explained in small print somewhere - though not on the menu. Such a shame. 
The food didn't meet our expectations. Half of the menu wasn't available, no homemade desserts available and the only one they had from the menu was a ready made mousse from cotsco.  
Visited on a Friday night. I was aware of the 'live band and belly dancer' however whilst in the restaurant the music was so loud it was like being in a club - if we had wanted it that we would have gone to one - and not a restaurant. One expects to be able to have a conversation with the people you are sitting next to, this was impossible. Naturally I was expecting it to be louder than 'background' music but this was atrocious. It took over an hour for the main course to arrive which was, as a previous reviewer stated, average. Four small bits of chicken and a few chips for the main course.  
I use to come here often with friends from Italy. Food was good and excellent service for quality and speed. 
Never got to find out about the food! Restaurant not busy. After seating us we got a drink and then asked 4 times for our order to be taken but to no effect so went elsewhere where they were glad to see us. 
I made a telephone booking for last Sunday lunch time. They took my name and mobile number and confirmed my booking but when we arrived there on time Blossom was closed. If this was due to unforeseen circumstances I would have expected a phone call and apology but nothing. We received no reply to 2 emails. I spoke to a staff member last night who said they would ring me back but didn't. Only today when I spoke to the manager did I receive an apology. I regard this as poor customer service 
Being a frequent visitor to Indian restaurants around the UK, and in particular Nottingham or Derby, the service we encountered on our visit was appalling. The staff are disinterested in you to the point of being rude. We sat for 8pm and were done for 8: 20pm, you would not believe the speed the food came out, and it wasn't to the quality of what we would expect from and Indian which has so many positive reviews on TripAdvisor. 
Went out with friends on a Saturday night at 8pm, Food was good so it is a shame about everything else letting down the night. 1st was a extremely large party of guests who consisted mainly of 18 year old boys all chanting drinking games at the top of their voices, - there are only so many times they can chant and then count backwards from 10 to 1 before it starts to grate, after the 15th time they chanted it was getting extremely annoying. Everyone in the restaurant looking and tutting but not one of the staff asked them to possibly keep it to a lower level rather than screaming at the top of their lungs like they are on a 18-30s holiday, even though we all had to repeat our orders to our waiter 3 times so they could hear us over the racket. 2nd let down was at half 8 the management decided to up the Turkish music with the addition of a singer (mainly to try to drown out the 18 year olds) although the singer was good and music was nice, it was at a deafening level to the point where our small table of 4 gave up trying to talk to each other after shouting 'what' and 'pardon' for over half an hour whilst trying to eat and drink. We ended up hurrying our main course - with no talking on our part just because it was pointless - sometimes we sent the occasional text to each other from across the table, we skipped dessert and coffee just so we could move on. This was after it took us 15 minutes to hunt down a waiter - they was too busy dancing around with instruments to bother to actually wait tables. You would think Management would turn down the mic's and music when it takes 5 attempts from a customer to ask for a simple drink order, each time the waiter crouching lower and lower repeating 'pardon', 'pardon'. It simply takes the edge off your dinner when you've had a waiter leaning across your food infront of you to try to catch what your saying. Being a group aged roughly 25-30 I dont believe us to be 'old' by any means, but in our eyes a restaurant should have atmosphere and be a place for audioable conversation and good food, a night club is for blaring music and shouting any conversation. I think someone needs to decide which one Hisar Meze would like to be? (also if they could kindly ask their customers to keep their tops on then it would be appreciated - Men believing they are as good at dancing as a belly dancer and trying to prove it is not a good look no matter how old/young you are and not when others are eating!) 
A very disappointing evening. I booked a table for a group of friends, including three vegetarians and someone with a severe allergy to tomatoes. When the table was booked I was assured that this would be no problem and to mention this on arrival and when ordering. We duly did so. Imagine our surprise when my friend's meal came with chopped tomatoes on the salad. When this was pointed out to the waiter, he simply scooped up the tomatoes, with his hand, and plonked them on another plate! Not only was this not hygienic but it left tomato juice and seeds on the salad. This was eventually sorted out, although it was rather unsettling. The evening continued and the atmosphere and food was good. The next drama was when pieces of lamb were found in one of the vegetarian Govak dishes. This was horrific enough but then the waiter proceeded to pick through the other vegetarian Govak dish to prove it was meat free. Funnily enough, neither of them managed to finish their meal! At the end of the evening the owner/manager???? Came to enquire about our meal. When he heard about these incidents, he went off to investigate, but was never seen again. Needless to say, I will not be returning. Vegetarians beware! 
Basket of poppadoms? What a shambles. Cold naan. Chap on the phone couldnt give a damn. Very disappointing stuff. 
Firstly, to confirm to the manager,before it is challenged, this is the correct restaurant.  
Cold atmosphere and very overpriced. 
This place always seems to be busy, so we decided to give it a try. Staff were unattentive and unhelpful. Breakfast was poorly presented and cooked. Sausages tasted cheap and eggs frilly and over cooked. Expensive for the offering - we will not return 
I stopped for a quick lunch as i was at the portobello market with friends but this restaurant really ruined my day. the mozzarella is apparently made in the house and was quite bland and tasteless and their unique long pizza burnt and expensive. truly not an authentic italian/sicilian restaurant void at any cost nice and friendly staff but really not made in italy 
Really really loud, service is terrible, rude waitress, tasteless food. Avoid. There is a lot of better places in the area. 
NEVER GO! I have been to Luna Rossa a few times hence why I went back on Saturday night HOWEVER this time there was GLASS SHARDS in my COFFEE (and a fly in my wine!)! The shards were so small that I almost swallowed them however I took the bits out of my mouth - unsure what they were - and it was then that the glass sliced my finger (it is Tuesday and a piece was still stuck in my finger)!  
We arrived around 17:00 and the restaurant was half empty. We sat at a table outside for few minutes and then we saw a waiter inside. I came next to him to ask him where I can wash my hands and that we are ready to order and he replied that we do not have the right to sit if he does not give us the permission to do so. He kept on repeating the same sentence in a very impolite way. We then left immediatly after that incident. I can understand that he might be tired or they are not serving anymore but he could have said it in a different way such as "the kitchen is closed", "the table is reserved", "we are not serving anymore" or in any less aggressive way especially that there were lot of empty places outside and we were not in a hurry to get served. 
Shittest restaurant i have ever been  
Most unenthusiastic service I've come across in a while, little wonder this place was close to empty when the restaurants over the road were buzzing. The place is Italian Twee, this is squarely aimed at tourists that know no better. Food pretty mediocre as well, my Clams not being fully purged, and still having grit in them. 
I ordered the chicken salad and it took a really long time to arrive , when it did it was just some some lettuce leaves with some weird looking chicken put on top that looked like something past its sale-by date and retrieved from a supermarket bin and left outside the fridge, everything else was missing , it tasted really weird and when I complained the waiter tried to bribe us by saying we could order something else but we had waited so long and had other engagements. Afterwards he was very rude and insisted we must pay the service charge. 
We had a buffet and it was with to taste at all  
Selected this place to go because of reviews in websites but when I reach there, they don’t have hygiene rating and this one I asked only because of smelly toilet near to tables without taste in food 
Food was nice but came very late  
It was my first visit. How can some one be so much careless with some one health  
So we booked a table for two after reading all reviews hoping for a great night out. Now I love my Indian food, and London right now is going through an amazing explosion of Indian food with amazing Indian restaurants. We now have a great selection of Michelin starred Indian restaurant, great selection of restaurants serving regional cuisine and amazing choices of authentic places to go to. So when I read few good reviews, we were excited. 
Just tried to order a take away and asked them to include a dietary requirement. They said "we cannot, because the Chef said he is too busy"..!! 
Good afternoon,  
It is local to me and we wanted Italian wish we hadn't bothered  
We dined there last night, a party of ten. The service was terrible and slow, the waiter was extremely rude, we had to wait a very long time for the food to arrive!  
I will write the events that occurred factually!  
Literally just left this place and couldn't be more annoyed! Had a pizza and a salad , worst ever! Pizza was soggy, the tomato sauce was cold and tasted as if just whizzed out of a tin , the tuna flakes just tossed out of a tin as well, not even good quality tinned tuna!! Left half the pizza base on the heavily scored soggy and not so clean wooden board it was served on. The menu is confusing, especially the salad section. Most of my rocket leaves were wilted.. Cranberry juice full of ice on a 9C winter's day.... Slow 18,5£ poorly spent , I am sure I could have done a lot better in Notting Hill. My mistake! Big MEH!  
Service was terrible! Don’t know where they have found their waitress but they didn’t seem to know how to take a order. We had to place our food order twice and they didn’t understand about having starters. Food was ok but nothing special not for the price  
I attended this restaurant who mentioned over the phone they can make my food gluten free and said they are aware of food allergens. Upon arrival I asked the waiter to adapt my meal to gluten free option which they swapped the rice for salad. When the salad arrived I noticed the cabbage was pickled so I asked my mum to taste and double check which she confirmed. I told the manager who confirmed yes there is vinegar and explained that it is not therefore gluten free. He came back with a "new plate" which I then found was just the same meal but the salad was moved onto a seperate plate and STILL had some cabbage which he tried to tell me was a chilli. Then I found even more of the cabbage, called him over again to show him. He was visibly annoyed,said he will have a fresh one made in 5 minutes and said aghhh under his breath but we heard. Once my whole family had finished their meals and easily another 15-20 minutes later my food arrived. It was nice in the end, but I ate alone and had to eat it quickly as everyone had finished. They did not take my allergy serious, I also stated infront of a waitress that I am not gluten free for a lifestyle choice but it can cause serious damage if I consume. The manager appeared unfased by any of this and made it seem like I was being difficult but then they shouldnt post this restaurant as having gluten free options, nor tell me this or say they are aware what gluten is. I would never go back, and id stay well away if you have any sort of allergy, you'll be at risk. 
We arrived at 7.30pm - a party of five - and were shown to ur table by a surly and abrupt waiter. We ordered by about 8pm. Three of us ordered Thalis and we were told they would take 25 minutes to prepare. Fair enough - nice we thought that everything would be freshly prepared. About 40 minutes later, the food arrived but two of the Thalis were tepid to downright cold while the third was hot. We complained, of course, to be told that the two dishes couldn't possibly be cold as all the Thalis were prepared at the same time, i.e. we were lying! We insisted - obviously - and after some arguing the waiter agreed to replace the two cold Thalis but that they would take another 25 minutes. Had we not been entertaining two family members we hadn't seen for ages, we would have walked out at this point. However, the rest of us ate our meals but the two unfortunates had to wait and wait until finally at 9.15pm, the replacement Thalis arrived. By this point, no one cared whether the food was tasty or not. It had been such an unpleasant experience with the appalling service and rude response to our complaints that all we wanted to do was eat and leave. Mr Surly said they would knock £20 off the bill and not include a service charge - not good enough to make up for such a disappointing meal and lamentable service. This is not a cheap restaurant. Even without service and minus the £20, the bill came to £171.00 Needless to say we will not be going back. 
We used to eat here regularly at lunchtime and it was fab ! but recently the standard has plummeted ! The bread is not fresh and the cooking is just not good anymore......The attention to detail is so poor and so is the presentation. Today when we visited giving it one more chance the place was empty I know the weather is good but even so is the food is good you get a take away. such a shame as it so near to work :( 
I am still trying to come to terms with the lunch I was served last Saturday at the Bingham for £65 for 3 courses. 
Beautiful location.  
I used to crave their Eggs Benedict. Not anymore. They tried serving it to me today with cold ham. The young waitress told me this is how it should be served. Well, I have eaten eggs benedict all over the world and this is most certainly not how it should be served. My daughter was given 4 chicken nuggets and not even a handful of chips. The size of the glass of orange juice allowed about two drinks. Waitresses standing around is off putting. This used to be a buzzing busy place to get consistently good, if not great, food at good value. No longer. 
go here only if you are a meat eater. as a veg there is nothing on the menu for us. the food was totally bland and probably from a tin because it tasted like it. we ordered paneer tikka which cost £14 for 4 pieces! we only went here because Potli over the road was totally full. the restaurant was full of white people who looked like they wouldn't know authentic indian food if they bathed in a bath full of it! 
I have been to the Bingham on numerous occasions and my last visit will definitely be the last!. Service was slooooooooooow, tiny minuscule portions especially the beetroot cured salmon. The duck was not crispy but chewy and soggy, with 3 strands of cabbage and half a micro turnip!, Cold coffee and a huge bill! The DISCRETIONARY service charge was taken off the bill (and so it should, service was appalling) and a free bottle of £30 wine was given as a gesture but still they charged for the duck! All in all they gave us £5 off the bill by my calculations. They were more interested in their "last minute" booking of the bar area for special guests... therefore we couldn't even get a drink without waiting 20 minutes for the grumpy wine waiter to first order the drinks without making sure all guests had an order placed. Pots smashing in the kitchen area, the noise of shouting from the chef and headless chickens rushing around trying to look busy but actually not getting anywhere. When I complained about the Duck I was told the maitre d would have a word with the chef. By all accounts its a secret as to the chefs answer because even when I asked again, no response! 
We arrived as a table of 3, was presented the menus, asked if we wanted any water, all good so far. Though they never once asked if we wanted a drink, such as a glass of wine or beer, so we just carried on with iced tap water. 
Ended up walking out, had popadoms then waited 50 mins for main still didn't come staff was just fobbin us off, when spoke to manager he was like your food is coming in 1 min which we had previously been told 20 mins ago, he then walked off while I was still speaking. ended up walking out.  
We had been st the Indian Zing twice before and it was terrific. That was more than 3 years ago. This time it was simply awful.  
Visit 1: perfect lamb cutlets, perfect Rogan Josh, great staff 
I went out to dinner here with my wife and two friends. Their food looked adequate but uninspiring. I had paccheri which was one of the worst dishes I have ever had in a restaurant. The pasta was dry, chewy and undercooked, and scattered with a few bits of mushroom and crumbled sausage meat. There was no sauce - perhaps Luna Rossa pasta doesn't have sauce - and it was grey and cold. The service was slow, uninterested and inaccurate. Salads were forgotten; wine had to be chased more than once. I cannot imagine how the restaurant gets the rating it does. 
A really bad evening: terrible service; terrible food (eg undercooked pasta tubes leaking a mess of unidentifiable meat, and tough pizza bases splashed with gobbets of tinned tomato and gloopy mats of cheese). Plus very ordinary wine sold at overinflated prices. If we hadn't been with friends who'd suggested the place we would have left after the first mouthful. 
Who on earth has been giving this place good reviews!? I was a little dubious when I saw it from the outside as it had the look of a greasy spoon cafe; I should’ve trusted my instincts and walked away then. 
Always heard of great reviews about this restaurant and finally managed to book a table for Monday night. Service was so slow. Ordered a vegetarian thali for myself which was most recommended, and lamb shank for my husband with tandoori rotis. Roti's were all crumbly with no flour/roti base to them. The vegetables in the thali were served all cold not worth eating.  
Clearly lists on the meerkat app as 2 for 1. Called to book on a Thursday and they said they don't honour meerkat meals.. Hate these restaurants who get marketing benefit of listing on rewards platform then fail to honour it.  
Went for meal and was totally disrespected by member of staff ne er going back there again. Was much better back in days  
I eat around notting a lot as I am a local, and visited luna rossa, as I thought I should give it another chance after a couple of "ok verging on bad" experiences. The manager was so rude it was quite amazing, veering from practically shouted in my face to ignoring me when I asked when the table would be ready..all 5 of us were shocked. Despite booking we were kept waiting for 30 mins. When we finally got served the food (for all 5 different dishes) was tasteless, pasta overcooked and SO stingy on the toppings. The ravioli tasted as if from a can. Delicious. A veggie in the group accidently ordered a dish with meat in it and they flatly refused to switch it for anything.. Said "we gonna charge u anyway." - great service. Never written one if these reviews before, but had such a bad experience all I can say is AVOID AVOID AVOID. 
We did take away Crispy Bhajia, Veg Samosa and Sev Puri  
I can not believe it! The very first and only time that this has ever happened to me in my life. Booked a table for 4 the day before. When we arrived we were told we had to wait for at least 45 minutes. In a way I am glad we were turned away because the restaurant was packed with tables and chairs and very cramped. Maximizing covers in a cramped area will only be of benefit to the owners short term. Fortunately we were able to find a table with our tried and trusted "Potli" just a short walk further down the road. Thank heavens for small mercies. Potli is good. Very Good. 
Used to be a nice place to eat but new owners took over and it’s too over priced and size of potions have got smaller such a shame  
It used to be great food, great service ..perfect for home style Indian food but not anymore. Went there yesterday with family after over a year and its not the same anymore. The potions have reduced and prices gone up. But that was acceptable if the food was the same...but obviously not... 
This is the worst restaurant I have ever been in. In fact we walked out before our mains could come. I ordered an Ezme salad what they brought was red water with no substance to it. Ezme should be made with fresh tomatoes, green and red peppers, parsley and onion with a pomegranate and olive oil dressing. All this chopped finely. What got in no shape form or taste represented this. It was tasteless and had never seen a fresh thing in its life. When I asked for an Ezme he said that that was it. When I said it was not and says it should be fresh. He goes oh that’s fresh one. Is that not what I expect in any restaurant I go in. Any way we said we were leaving and as we left he rudely shouted at us down the street.  
Awful tasting food, watery curry which had about 3 lentils floating in what looked like dish water. And of course forgot to give me an item that I had paid for which I had to go back and get, no apology of course. Completely overpriced not worth the money and terrible service. Avoid at all costs. 
I visited this establishment with some family and some friends - the service we received was appalling the waiters were rude and the food was not up to par - they did not serve onion bhajis which is normally a standard in a Currys shops. They won’t serve a full naan bread only little triangles. A service charge is added to the receipt without question. The food is over priced and I will never return  
Horrible horrible service.... they deceptively offer you a Turkish Tea after your meal like its free but look at your bill, they charge a ridiculous £1.50 for this and they gave the impression it was free as the bread and sauces are. The price is not the point, it's the deception of being offered this under pretence when clearly you have the menu in front of you and you didn't want to order an afters from it. Customer service was disgusting. I used to really really love going there with my colleagues but only God knows what's changed. Definitely won't be going back.... 
I ordered mixed dinner meat and chicken meat and when I got home it wasn’t what I ordered at all it was chicken pieces and koftie meat and not hardly any rice , won’t be going back again as new owners are terrible be warned food is rubbish  
they put the combination of 3 small kebabs on the menu and want to charge around £17 ... but it should be up to the customer whether they want to share with the partner that they have brought with them... who is the management to tell me I can not share the 3 kebabs with the other person.. I'm disappointed that they letting themselves down by sending wrong message.. I will never go back to this restaurant as they don't value customers at all... the new management is all about making money... you will not survive any long in this business the way you are going.. 
Came here at the beginning of eat out to help out. Customer service is really really bad and the food is terrible. Cheap cuts of meat. Old stale rice. The salad is not fresh. Don’t waste your time or money (even on a discount) 
I love Turkish food but my honest opinion if you haven’t eaten the proper Turkish food you may or may not be praising this restaurant the truth is they have no idea what is Turkish cuisine I have given this restaurant three chances and today is definitely my last. I went with two other friends for a business lunch and ordered the cold Meza to share plus each ordered the pedi (Turkish pizza). Okay let’s start with the service and that as okay but the starters was a rustled up (excuse the spelling) Hommos, tsatsiki, Babaganoutch and two other cold starters all were tasteless and would class them as a disgrace to Turkish cuisine. The main was just as bad “lamb pedi” full of grease too much cheese and very little lamb. I visited Turkey a number of times and that dish was an amazing one full of flavour and thick crusty bake but sadly capadocia failed this traditional dish one of many Turkish dishes. My conclusion is if you haven’t tasted real Turkish food before you may never know the difference. Disappointed and so were my business partners 
We ordered some shish kebabs and I hadn’t been to this place in years I was utterly shocked when I got home to find four small hard pieces of meat in a smaller sized pitta wrap filled a few bit of salad!!!  
Sorry to say the meal was awful, firstly the order was incomplete, eventually the driver brought the the vegetarian and two of the four puddings. The food arrived in polystyrene cartons which had not been kept up right so the food was like a mush, all mixed up. Three portions of confit de canard with mashed potato and lentils, duck okay, the mash was like water. The vegetarian looked like a mess on tasteless polenta.  
We were a group booking of about 12, 13 people. We all ordered the set menu. The starter portions were not enough for all of us - not enough bread to go around.  
The service we received was terrible from the start, the waitress was rude and so condescending.  
What a disappointment. We have visited this restaurant on many occasions and always enjoyed our meal but this evening was a disaster.  
From entering to the restaurant we were straight away confronted with moody faces and rude staff. Me and my family came on Saturday evening to have a fun and pleasurable dinner but soon realised what a mistake we had done. We have been here before but never knew how disappointed we would be after coming again and i can reassure we wont be visiting in the future. We waited 15 minutes just to order our food. The staff members were just watching us and talking between each other until my husband called them over. Our drinks came very late and even though my families food was hot, mine was cold, which made me not want to eat it. When they took the plate they did not ask if there was anything wrong with it or why I didn’t eat it. Not what I expected from a restaurant like this. Made our day less enjoyable.  
They treat people like they don't exist. After the mains they don't care about you at all. One blonde girl "took care of us" and she was so rude and arrogant. They talked to eachother next to the bar all the time by looking at us. Right behind us chef had shouted at them like we were not there. Never going to come back again. Such a dissappointment. 
If you do, make sure to have some spare food at home because you will go home hungry. You can expect to pay a full price for: been offered a menu to choose from only to be told they can serve burgers only. But yes, why not? Then, if you prefer it well done, unfortunately they are unable to do it. You will be served a bloody burger and a shrug from their waiting staff. Also, your water glass will be served with a beer smell from their busy Sunday day. After all, you will be told that it is Sunday night and they can’t do nothing about it. I’ve heard good things about this place, but what a waste of money and time! They might as well shut the place on Sunday evenings instead of offering such poor service. 
We got takeaway meals from This place 15 years ago and I think was not a restaurant then or was a lot smaller establishment. Obviously were not that impress to go back all these years. Chicken kebab was dry and tasteless then and funny enough still the same! Because of the “Eat Out To Help Out” we have been trying as many restaurants as we could .At least if the food weren’t great it wouldn’t be too bad on the pocket ! 
Really disappointed. Booked 6 weeks in advance for a 5.30pm booking for my husband’s 40th. Phoned in advance as traffic atrocious (took 2 hours from Epsom) and would arrive at 6pm. Man that answered the phone couldn’t careless and said ‘nope’ will only keep the table for 10 minutes. (We would have been out by 7.15 as had a theatre booking at the orange tree - so would not of ‘hogged’ the table.  
Went with my family to enjoy a nice dinner but left there absolutely horrified with the service and quality of food!! I do not understand how such restaurant can be so expensive and treat their customer with so much disrespect. Will never visit here again and i do NOT recommend anyone else to go!!! 
Stopped at Oriel for a quick bite as it's the only decent restaurant in terminal 4. 
The food was alright. Decent taste and heaps of varieties of drinks. Everything was fine until I asked for the bill which i had to ask few times and when the time he came (i think he is Italian. From the flag of his name tag), he asked me whether to give gratuities or not on the machine card and I chose not to add and he shouted ‘very very very very nice of you!! YOU ARE VERY KIND’ and threw the receipt in fron tof my face. embarassing me in front of other customers. I chose not to give tips as the service was mediocre and i got charged over 10 pounds for service charge. First time in Europe got treated like this. 
Should be great. Isn't. Attitude from staff appalling. Have been here for a function as well as just for a pint or two. Both poor experiences. For functions expect a ridiculous hire charge and ‘minimum spend’. If you hire the space until 2330, expect the bar to be closed at 1045, music turned off and lights turned up. Staff attitude universally confrontational. I just don’t understand it. Maybe there are just too many people attending the pub for them to be bothered – and herein lies the other problem. They have absolutely milked this place. Chairs and seats everywhere, but this ‘urban sprawl’ has outrun the basic amenities. I have already mentioned that service is miles behind where it should be, but so is provision of basic services. There isn’t an inch to move on a Saturday – that’s not ‘atmosphere’ or ‘vibe’ it’s just greed – trying to open up as many areas as possible. So expect long queues at the bar as people are served in the order of who the bar staff happen to favour that evening. Seating and personal space aren’t the only things that haven’t kept up – check out the toilets! Absolutely tiny and the same provision the pub offered when it was half its current size. Stand more than one person at the urinals in the Gents and you’ll feel your married to anyone else who dares squeeze in! It’s just greed. Why provide adequate facilities when you can crowbar in another table or two eh? There is also zero regard to making the pub accessible. They managed to find goodness knows how many hundreds of thousands to convert the laughably self-indulgent brewery to a function room. It is a nice space – they have spent a bomb (of your takings) on it. Seemingly however, they couldn’t find the money or space for a disabled toilet. I suppose people in wheelchairs aren’t as profitable so why bother? Why? Because it is 2020 that’s why! The world has grown up. Shame the staff and management haven’t.  
First of all the website is deceiving , it shows a lovely and very chic dining room with crisp white table cloth . There was no table cloth , just plain wooden table “pub style “ . The service was amateur , our server told us on numerous occasions it was her second day ! The lamb was not cooked and my vegetarian aubergines was cold and terribly boring . The cheese was just out of the fridge , it was cold and tasteless , the white wine was room temperature.  
Hugely disappointing Valentines Day meal. We arrived and the man on ‘greeting duty’ didn’t even look up to make eye contact. The lobster had shell in, other dishes were cold. The dessert definitely wasn’t what was on the menu and the total bill came to £153 for two people for 2 x £55 set course menus, one glass of champagne, one glass of wine and a mocktail. 
Based on my previous wonderful visits which you can see earlier in my Tripadvisor feed, I brought another friend to dine last week on a warm night. It was 9.20 so we asked casually what time they closed and the front of house manager said she'd check with the kitchen which we thought odd as you should know.....she came back and said 9.30 as the kitchen had been busy so we asked does that mean the kitchen is closed at 9,30 and she said YES. so we said ok its now 9.25 thats OK? Well apparently it wasn't. I explained that I'd brought someone here specifically and having a closing time that changes according to how busy you've been makes no sense. ..She raised her hands in a take it or leave it way and I told her her manner was not appreciated. The very least she could have done was apologize if this mad system was what we were facing...but no, it was rude . Remember this is in front of someone who had come especially because I'd praised it. So I went next door to the @Comptoir Libanais where we were served good food by a charming waitress and left like any adult in a city a restaurant at 10.45 that was still open and serving passed 10,30 pm. The woman at Chakra was not someone I'd seen before . I guess a Thursday night is the management night off and left an amateur in charge? I won't go back if she is at the front of house. 
Very pretty venue, used to be Brula, now Salon Privee. This was our second (and last) visit. The venue is charming, but that is not down to the current outfit, who took it over from Brula pretty much as it is. At our first visit the table was decorated with dead flowers which did not bode well (better to do without) and the food was mediocre. We thought we would try it again in case we had come on an off day. 
A very bad impression this time. 
My friend and I went for a lunchtime meal, we both eat Indian food frequently and know what traditional dishes are meant to taste like and the chicken tika masala and the chicken korma did NOT taste good. I firstly ordered the masala and exchanged it for the korma in hope to taste something better and I did not get that. The waiter did not know anything about the menu and my friend asked for a balti dish and he didn’t know what that was... the bill total was ridiculous for the awful food we had and the service was almost useless. 100% do not recommend this place 
The food was way too oily! the burgers was drippimg in oil as was the chips. Steak was ok. quite disappointing as good is usuallt good here. 
I booked a table with a query of birthday candle in the dessert at the end for our 14 year old daughter.  
Take away staff absolutely rude!  
I’ve been looking forward to going here for a long time. Overall it was good food. We ordered the BBQ wings for starters and that’s where the trouble started. We found hair in the wings after eating a few. We immediately sent them back and the waiter told us we wouldn’t be charged for them (well obviously). 
I visited your bar on Saturday 27th July at 7pm. I was appalled by the behaviour of some of your members of staff.  
We came here to eat some lunch but when we arrived the waitress bluntly told us that we wouldn’t be able to eat as it was too busy. She didn’t offer us another reservation time and told us to leave, acting as if the food was Michelin star, when it’s just a regular burger slapped on a plate with chips on the side.. would not recommend trying to eat here due to the lazy and incompetent staff. 
Really enjoyed the pub and the atmosphere but was let down by the quite arrogant bar staff. A real same. 
Me and my friend ordered the steak. Got it cooked well done. That day and the next day we had severe stomach ache. Both of us!!! Never again will we be coming!! Be careful what you order and eat! Their mojitos did not taste like mojito at all. Felt like some haram alcohol 
Visited Cristinas on Sunday evening , the place itself is very spacious and not so cramped like other restaurants in London,good simple decor . 
Visited restaurant today, service and location was good. However, table setup is gimmicky and not geared toward customer comfort. Worse, food was terrible for a 'quality' restaurant. Food tasteless, some dishes not fresh, and portion sizes tiny. Highly overpriced for what they are selling - I would recommend trying any of the other restaurants on the Riverside. 
Having visited here a couple of times, we decided to order through Justeat, the worst decision we made to date. 
I’ve been to Lebanese Nights a couple of times this year and generally enjoyed the food so decided to go last night with a group of friends. We were the last table to leave that night, so as we were paying up I took a trip to the ladies which is located next to the kitchen. As I was washing my hands I saw something move in the reflection of the mirror. I turned around and saw a cockroach!!!!! I returned to the table and beckoned my friend to come over. We returned to the toilet and she confirmed it was indeed a cockroach and then we saw a second one crawling up the wall next to the kitchen door! I was horrified. (I also took pictures as proof) I told the waiter who didn’t seem to be that bothered and unbelievably said ‘this is windsor it’s an old town’!! I immediately reported this to environmental health upon returning home!! I will definitely NOT be returning to Lebanese nights! This establishment is a public health hazard until they get rid of those cockroaches! Should be shut down. I still feel sick at the thought that I ate there last night! 
Asked to sit at table that was free and unreserved and the lady was annoyed at me for even asking.  
we were a group of 7 who visited for the first time last night. We ordered 5 mains plus starters. the waiter initially said that we were ordering too less and that we may have to order more mains. After confirming with the management our order went ahead and we then waited 40+ minutes until we prompted the waiter to bring our starters. The mains arrived even later but one dish was missing and the waiter refused to take responsibility. I was then told my main dish would take 5 minutes however the water returned a few seconds later telling me that it would take too long.  
Being a Lebanese going to a Lebanese restaurant can be tricky as you have an expectation before you go and hoping the restaurant will deliver .  
I have been a father for around 8 months. During that time every local pub and restaurant has been very welcoming. At times almost embarrassingly so (thank you, in particular, to The Prince of Wales on Ewell Road). That run came to an end at The Antelope. If babies and children aren’t welcome at a particular establishment, I’m fine with that. But make that clear and say it’s adults only. What you shouldn’t do is treat me with such indifference and, at times, hostility that you may well have said “get lost, you’re not welcome” as soon as I walked through the door. 
Completely disappointed. Went for the first time. Steak and chips were absolutely cold and far from fresh. I could tell by looking at the steak even before eating that it was cooked hours ago. Found out it was cold and even chips were not fresh. Unbelievable. Would never recommend and won’t go again. The staff clearly thinks that people are dumb and can’t tell the difference between freshly cooked food and food that was cooked hours ago. Steak was served to us by just barely heating it. I can’t explain enough how disappointed I am.  
This is the last time we will go to this restaurant. Have had a few not very good meals but the last time we went it was really very disappointing. The manager was actually rude. 
Want to leave an unfortunate review. Tonight we went here for dinner bringing our friends visiting from Spain for a turkish meal. For starters, all our mains were supposed to come with a side of bulgur. When our food arrived - it all came with rice and no comment from the waiter. We then had to ask didn’t the menu say bulgur - the girl went to check and turns out they ran out. Not only we were not told before we were also not offered any other options and got just a quick sorry. We then told another waiter that they should have told us beforehand he asked if we want chips instead. On top of that, one of our friends noticed the waitress touching his side of the salad with her hands. Then my order arrived with different meat than usual and was burned. We’ve been to the place before and it usually comes with a different meat. When we started eating we noticed that the salad she touched was actually very old so she tried to hide it and chefs laughed at her attempt. And to finish it off i found a hair in my food. When we showed the rotten salad to the waitress she said sorry and left. Only to come back and offer us tea or coffee on the house. We had a big order with drinks and starters and the bill came up to £100. You would expect a better treatment for the money. Instead everyone was disappointed and our evening was spoiled. 
I am a regular traveller, and have eaten here a few times, and have been really satisfied with the service and quality of food, however, seems to have gone down hill. Cold and undercooked breakfast. Contacted company, and not even the decency of a reply.  
I ate dinner here this evening and ordered the veggie burger. This is advertised on the menu as ‘grilled halloumi, beans, lentils, caramelised shallots, beetroot hummus’. The burger that arrived looked like a skinny beef burger with a slab of halloumi, a slice of tomato & raw onions on it (no beans, lentils or beetroot hummus - and raw onions instead of caramelised shallots); very different to the description & it looked and smelled like meat! (I’m a vegetarian.) I queried this with the waitress and said I thought they’d served meat by mistake, but she said that it wasn’t meat, it was a vegan Quorn burger. That was NOT how it was described on the menu. I am not a fan if Quorn & wouldn’t have ordered a Quorn burger. I took a tentative bite and it sure tasted like meat. I didn’t want to kick up a fuss and ruin my friend’s evening, but the burger, meat or not, was misadventures & I still suspect they served a meat burger by mistake.  
Not one for visiting again. None of the dishes up to standard one expects for a quality restaurant and some dishes not looking fresh at all 
We had booked the Rock and Rose for Valentines Day as I had heard good things from some family friends. This was not to be the case. 
4 booked for 1215. By 1235 we stood up and went to ask for water, bread and to order. One of us is gluten free and gluten free bread was promised. It came after our starters when we asked again. And it was still wet in the middle from being defrosted. We ordered 4 mojitos first off the drinks menu but after 10 minutes we’re told there was no fresh mint so they couldn’t supply. This was after our starters had arrived. So a red wine instead. Main courses came. Very tasty but with the fixed price 3 course menu at £60 we thought there might be vegetables beyond potatoes. My wife asked for some greens and was told that might be possible for £5. We suggested as no one had told us in advance it was £60 fixed and no one had told us and 1 of us did not want a dessert they might throw the vegetables in. They agreed. Dessert came. All good except my gluten free friend asked for gluten biscuits with her cheese. The cheese was taken away and came back 10 minutes later with slice of the same loaf of bread she had been given as a bread option at the start. 2 of us us then orders espresso martinis off the drinks menu. After 5 minutes we were told there was no coffee liqueur. So 2 of 7 cocktails not available.  
Popped in Monday 9th am for a quick drink.  
I visited this restaurant with my partner on Mon 19 Nov at 2:00 pm . We had taken a table inside and had discussed with the waitress our choices for a set lunch menu . The set menu on offer included 2 dishes and a choice of beverage comprising glass of wine, beer or soft drink. Rather than wine or beer I had asked the waitress if the restaurant would provide a tea instead . The waitress after having checked with the duty manager advised that the set menu could not be varied in anyway. I was most disappointed to hear the response I was given. I had then spoke to the duty manager known as Joe and was further advised that the restaurant was unwilling in anyway to amend the set menu . Given that the crux of the issue here was simply to substitute a more expensive glass of wine / beer for a low cost cup of tea , I found that the response provided was most unsatisfactory and failed to meet customer expectations. Given the inflexibility, we had politely informed the duty manager that we had decided not to pursue with our order for lunch and then left the restaurant. 
what a disaster. allocated 2 hour slot by the management. pressured from the very beginning to eat quickly. drinks were so slow at coming that we had to go and complain at the bar. once the food and drinks arrived,the waitress spent a lot of time trying to clear plates away before we had even finished.wine was almost poured out at an unseemly haste. when we asked for the desert menu, the waiter looked at his watch and then got the manager who said we would have to eat it at the bar, where there was no room! we complained and he offered a refund on the service charge and one bottle of wine. Ruined what was going to be a great evening for 6 friends who had been working very hard for 6 months. 
Not having eaten all day I called into the Take Away section and after looking at the menus I ordered a Turkish Original Pizza. I was told the pizzas were unavailable as that section was closed. It was c 22.30. So you can have a kebab or such like but not the pizza. Is it too much to expect that the closure time for pizza orders be flagged on the menu. 
Myself and my partner travelled a long distance to try this steakhouse out, we are food lovers and often just go hunting good food places.  
Booked a table of 14 pre rugby match before Xmas. Unfortunately all 14 of our party were ill within the next 24 hours.  
would give it zero if I could. just had my birthday burger here....awful, bun burned completely, charcoal, tasteless. Coleslaw warm as if it has never seen the fridge, my own mistake for even thinking food will be any good! Massively disappointed! no one cared about my complaint...that's how it comes, I was told! Good place for a drink, absolutely rubbish for food! And no hot water in the toilet to wash your hands...says it all. 
Ordered from vegan menu and it was not truly vegan as starter dish arrived with dairy in it (yoghurt). 
We were slightly late for a table booking (20 mins) and the manager's behaviour towards us was appalling. He was giving us awful and unwelcoming looks throughout the evening because we were late as the table was booked again in 2 hours. He needed us to eat and leave by then so the next large party of people could have dinner after us. It is for this reason that when we arrived the manager was forcing us to order food before we even sat down! I found this incredibly rude and embarrassing!!  
I know my my lebanese and turkish style foods and for what we paid we did not get the right portion, the set menu was recommended. While the starters were sufficient, the mains mixed grill was not enough for our party of people. We had to order extra lamb chops and kofteh kebab. Very annoyed and wouldn’t recommend. 
My starter of Tiger prawns was very tasty along with the bread provided on the table ( which was whisked away unfinished when our main courses arrived). 
We arrived for lunch on NYE (which also happened to be my husband's birthday). The restaurant itself is lovely although we were the only 2 people in there for half an hour. We ordered starters of mackerel and leeks. My husband's mackerel was ok and the leek starter was terrible - the leeks appear to be boiled and then covered in sesame seeds served with crème fraiche, I had trouble even chewing them! I couldn't eat the starter but at no point did the waiter come over and check that we were happy with our food and when he collected the plates he didn't question why one of the starters was barely touched! 
Probably one of my worst experiences in a restaurant regarding service. 
We were really looking forward to eating in this highly rated new Indian restaurant in town. However, we arrived 5 minutes early for our reservation only to find that we had been crossed off the list and our table had been re-assigned. We were given a really poor 'high chair table' as they seemed unwilling to split up a larger empty table to make up for their mistake.  
Ordered online at 19:30 , waited over 2 hours for what can be only described as pure disgraceful food. I had to call up 3 times to hear the staff arguing in a foreign language to be told they were busy (we had the smallest order) but as I paid via card and not cash I assume this is why you thought you could take the piss with the service as it was already pre-paid. After being hung up on, on 2 occasions as I queried why my order still hadn't arrived, you then sent the food to me not packaged properly and everything had spilt onto everything else. I then called to complain after sending the food back with the delivery driver and once again got hung up on, only when my boyfriend then called after no one would answer the phone to my number, was he spoke to regarding this. Your customer service is shocking and appalling - sort your staff out, your an absolute joke ... Oh and no chance will I ever revisit and will make sure everyone knows the terrible standard of this restaurant.  
Took my Pakistani friend to this restaurant as prices were on 50% reduction due to being newly opened and we were not impressed. Even at 50% off, the prices do not match with the quality and definitely not the portion size. I would be appalled if I came to this restaurant when prices were at full amount. Futhermore, my friend who is well versed in Indian and Asian cuisine found the food to just be average and nothing special.  
Waited around 10-15mins to get asked if we wanted a drink, another 15mins for the drinks to come. Portions of hummus and baba ghanoug were pitiful in no way worth the £4.50 charged as it was about 2 teaspoons spread around a bowl. The main was raw and when we complained the manager actually argued with us that the kofta and kebabs were cooked medium unless requested to be well done! I have never heard such nonsense and I have visited many high end Lebanese restaurants in London. The manager was extremely rude and practically threw the replacement meals at us which again we couldn't eat as the chicken was not cooked. Terrible place, awful staff, tacky decor and frankly an insult to Lebanese food. My advice - if you want good quality Lebanese food you definitely will not find it here! 
Hugely disappointing from start to finish.  
A party of us went to Lebanese Nights. The décor was strange, mock flamed front room fire on entrance, manic fairy lights, small plastic lavender sprigs in glass vases on table along with used nightlights not replaced/lit from previous nights. Matre D welcomed us arms in the air showing great sweat marks down his shirt. 
Worst place I've eaten Lebanese, worse than the corner shop kebab. Slow service, over an hour to bring the food which they got wrong. Took our starter order but not drinks, 20 minutes to get any ones attention. Truly awful establishment 
We were in this restaurant for a lunch with some friends, the restaurant was empty we wanted a table in the corner and the answer was nooooo with only 3 tables when we arrived and in the end we found out one of them was the owner of the restaurant. I think he "the owner" and the staff of this restaurant need a lot's of traininag in hospitality. The food was ok no complain the service and attitude of the "owner"and and the staff needs to learn for themselves not for me because they will never see me again.  
I’ve been to this restaurant many times before and that’s why I decided to take there my friend who lives locally. I always had amazing food here which makes it even worst after the experience tonight.  
So I'll start by saying that their food is good however it does not make up for their staffs rude attitude... chefs in particular who are front of house for takeaway customers. On both occasions I have visited the restaurant and got a takeaway... I've ordered vegetarian dishes such as a grilled hallumi or falafel as a main which typically comes with hummus, rice/ bulgar and salad. Now considering this is on their menu you'd think they'd know what it was... NO... I was given a container which had only falafel and hummus and told that was all that came with it by a very rude chef. I explained to him that their menu said otherwise and upon looking at it he was aggressive huffing and puffing throwing some salad and rice in a container then forcefully putting it in my take away bag. I waited to pay and asked how much it was... instead I was ignored whilst he put through a bill for someone who had arrived after I had and then I asked again... how much is it so I can pay? He on purpose took his time getting back to me on it as if I was meant to know how much it was and as if it was expected of me. He then told me rolling his eyes. I really had a right mind to leave. I'd like to say I had a very similar experience the first time I went when I waited 30 minutes for my takeaway and had a very rude chef that time too. I honestly couldn't care if they were stressed or busy, that is a matter for the restaurant owners to take care of but I do not expect to be made to feel worthless and stupid by someone whose service I am paying for. I'm outraged. 
Massively disappointed- visited in October and recommended this restaurant to anyone who would listen - this visit the steak was far too seasoned to the point that 2 of the 4 steaks had to be returned - the new waitress was lovely and very helpful, the existing waitress was bordering rude! Not surprised it was nearly empty! 
Just returned from our meal not happy.Firstly offered the only table with no cushions on the seats so were moved. Starters came out nicely very small portions though.Then my son's and his girlfriend fish came out minus side orders. Manager whilst laughing came and said we were given somebody else's 2 mains and the rest of the order wouldn't be long which to be fair was only about 5mins. But the first two were still awaiting side orders.When they eventually bought the rice they had eaten their cod.My son's girlfriend went to pay the bill and all the manager offered was to remove the side which we sent back as the fish had been eaten. When I questioned the fact of not reducing the bill as the meal was ruined the manager just said you didn't wait that long I can give you a voucher for a free drink for next time. We left disgusting service 
I was sent an email personally by Le Salon Prive, with a special offer of 2 for 1 on lunch Tuesday to Thursday. We arrived on Thursday at 1.30 to find a very miserable and unwelcoming gentleman who told us we couldn't have the meal unless we had booked online (no mention of that in my email). There were only 2 people in the restaurant yet he refused point blank to let us in or to let us book in on his ipad. Basically he threw us out. It was on the day of the gales and storms when we had made an effort to get there thinking they might be glad to see us. As my readers will know I have been to this restaurant quite a few times before so was appalled by this man's attitude and total inflexibility. We were so fed up we got a taxi instead to the marvellous Kew Hotel where we were welcomed very warmly and had a brilliant delicious lunch. Needless to say Le Salon Prive is off our list for good and they have lost potentially very good custom. I would counsel people to avoid this restaurant if they want to feel welcome and good, they don't deserve your custom. 
Went to this restaurant last night. Had a terrible experience. They didn't have one of the mains, weren't flexible about one of the starters. The cocktails were nice. The soup tasted horrible and there were few options for anyone who didn't like cheese, dairy or sea food/fish. We have eaten here before and it wasn't cheap but the quality was good, especially the steaks. Last night we had steak and the quality was really average. We had 3 courses each and 3 sides, bottle of wine, 2 cocktails and the cost came to 97 quid, the best part of a hundred pounds. We felt robbed. We could have had very similar food and drinks down the road in Wetherspoons for much less money. Far too expensive for what they are offering. We will never go back and we told the staff that we have had better pub food at much cheaper prices. Central London prices without the quality. Total rip off. 
Meat was overcooked, the chili pepper was burnt, (the waiter said it wasn't supposed to be eaten, just for decoration!), food was overpriced, very rude manager. Possibly the worst Turkish restaurant I've been to. 
Booked for fifteen people and paid £40 deposit which staff forgot to remove from bill until reminded to. From being seated, we were not served for twenty minutes. Staff avoided eye contact. Once food arrived (an hour after being seated) it was nice but expensive £10 for a wrap with chips. Would not recommend visiting again- lots more places to visit in Romford that serve food quicker. Staff seemed to serve couples faster. 
The rice was surely rot or expired. Its the worst experience I had in a long time. Whats even worse is that when I called the manager to report this, he was extremely rude. He quoted "I can't stop my business and change your food" and hung up straight away. All I wanted to do is just change the food and make him aware of this horrible incident. I had one full spoon of that rice and straight away went to the bathroom to vomit. I really hope the upper management take serious action against this. 
I have been to this restaurant a few times and got takeaway a few times but I can't believe I pulled an artery out of my mouth while eating 'The Mess' yesterday burger I felt so sick and j still do! it was so huge and it's put me off forever! 
Had a booking for dinner at 9pm on Saturday 14/4. Our drinks took one hour to arrive at the table, dinner another hour. It was 11 pm when we started to have food!!!! Never the less to say after our first cocktail we ordered a bottled of wine and it took another hour, only to be brought after when we were already eating. Such a disappointment and really don’t know what is the hyper of this place. I’ve been many years ago and thought it was ok, nothing special but this time was just terrible. Waiters never looked, once they served you they never asked if we were ok or needed anything else!! Never seen such a thing. It was packed. People couldn’t move. Waitress/ bar staff were over worked and probably the only reason they never once came to the table during the 2.5 hours we were there apart from taking the order and bringing an hour later! Such a disappointment and worse yet I was the one that recommended the place to a friend. 
My server was very polite and very helpful and the stake was fantastic. However these are the only good things about this place. On the menu it says all steaks come with fries and salad, but there are other sides on offer. As I prefer mashed potato (an offered side) I asked if I could swap the fries and was told no. What is the point of offering other options if you can't pick and choose? The meal came and the fries were basically crunchy strips of air and I don't like salad so that went uneaten (if I'd have been able to pick my own sides I'd have picked something i would have enjoyed)...I left the restaurant still hungry having. Will never go again. A total waste of money. Probably should have left when I was told no to exchanging sides but I assumed the fries would be edible and filling. You get better fries as McDonald's. 
Be warned: it's a nice location, outside seating, fireplace and vinyl records playing from a turntable. Sounds good right? Craft beers too and great decor. But when you're a local, you start to see things as they really are. A business that offers food and has a permanent item on the menu but never has it available ...you start to think it is either a total rubbish attitude from the owners or total incompetence and bad training from management. So it was with sheer curiosity that I ordered their vegan burger, which is available again after 3 months being printed on the menu but just not available. I thought The Joke had ended and they were serious about taking my money again! YES! And at last I could invite my friends to eat here too, because they love craft beer and are veggie, part time veggie or vegan. But no. The Joke is worse than ever. The burger which is advertised as coming with vegan mayo, can't come with vegan mayo. ie like ordering chips but no ketchup. So out it comes, fully dry no sauce whatsoever and nothing said. Just a terrible awkwardness from the staff, but not the apologetic kind. When I ask "where's the vegan mayo, I ordered 2 portions", a staff member wincingly reveals they don't have any vegan mayo on the premises. They try and sell me something else, like the salad. I don't feel like salad! I want hearty food, just no meat today! Talking to one of the staff further, I ask if this is just how they treat meat eaters on a day off or if all food service is the same. Turns out they admit all their menu is hit and miss. Looking forward to the day when they sort this sorry situation out. Plus £13 for veggie pattie, iceberg lettuce, tea mug of chips and tap Coke? 
Just been here with my fiancée, her brother and his girlfriend. We had had a hot mixed meze starter which was really poor (calamari, onion rings and falafel clearly out of the freezer, accompanied by tartare sauce - don't know what that has to do with turkish food) 
We ordered tonight what sounded like a lovely chicken shish kebab, fries, and cold mezze. Maybe I am old fashioned but the chicken shish kebab came with no bread? Very disappointed. 
Ordered the special burger with the add on bacon for an extra £1.50 and got what looked like the leftover bacon from the breakfast menu!! Not very appetising:(. 
Who do they think they ARE telling you you cant have your steak as you like it that is dedusting and wrong 
I was a regular customer who went quite often with family and friends, because they had 2 for 1 on steak, and we had always used a tastecard (which the restaurant advertised on their site and on their door that they accept tastecard). 
Booked a table for my partners birthday. The waiter was rude, patronising and had hearing difficulties as he kept bringing items out ie drinks that were not ordered. Asked him to repeat the order of food before putting it through and thank god I did as he also got that wrong. His attitude and whole demeanor was wrong. Asked for a new waiter / waitress and finally got a level service we are used to. However what really put me off was how rude he was when I was paying the bill. I questioned an item on the bill as I did not recognise what it was and he interupted the conversation that I was having with the waitress and continued to be very rude. He then continued to talk about me with his colleague (tall guy behind the bar) which I could've addressed but decided to not cause a scene in front of my family and customers. What was interesting is that none of the bosses were there that day and if they were I doubt the service would've been this bad as we've been going to this restaurant for a while and have always had a good experience. I think this particular waiter needs some training and a hearing aid. Nevertheless they've lost a regular customer. Avoid being served or any communication with this particular waiter and you'll be fine but this whole experience had put us off for life!  
First of all, I've been here before and had a great experience. 
Very disappointed over quality and quantity , I placed an order for delivery of one Shish Chicken and one Adna Kebab ( Mince lamb ) and a can of coke after reading some good review via the deliver which cost me £33.40 thinking it must be extra good as the price was almost twice as a reasonably good kebab shop in a high street! 
Just got some takeaway and noticed the kitchen staff is new. The meat is gone from the kebabs, you can just taste the vegetables. The food was impeccable before with the old staff . I think this place is gone too now. Don’t waste your money. I just payed £9 for a kebab wrap with vegetables. You could barely find the meat 
Completely shocked by my takeaway Halloumi & Falafel salad. After waiting 20 minutes and being presented with a box the size of my hand I at least expected my £7.40 meal to taste good. 
Food is decent although I think it's overpriced for what it is. 
We used to enjoy coming on occasion and after weeks of saying we would go for an early breakfast, we decided to go on the morning of the 26th of August. We arrived fairly early and instead of a friendly greeting we were told to just sit wherever. We weren’t given a menu and after waiting for ten minutes my husband got up and had to get them for us.  
Every village needs an idiot,every circus a clown.Every boy-band has a daft one whom you can tell from the beginning will the first to bleach his hair,and le salon prive got the Italian inexperience manager who spoil my evening with my family.not only he discounted a bottle of merlot wish was not needed he also kept a slice of my chateaubriand for him self.never the less the rest of the staff had a good behaviour,and the quality of the food was average,and the creme brulee did look made in a factory not a home made one. 
I recently visited this restaurant having been there a few times with relatives only to find that that the food was extremely hot and spicy. We ate thali and ordered various dishes including daal that was extremely sweet(hardly good for someone who's diabetic)! We weren't asked how spicy we wanted our food but not even warned that it would be! My children could not eat any of it other than eat rice. 
Worst experience and food. Would never recommend anyone to visit due to poor service and poor food! Should have got my refund back! Stay away! 
Last night I attended the Rock & Rose in Richmond. After hearing great things I was highly disappointed. We had a table booked for 9 however we didn't get seated until 9:30, I then asked the waiter to bring bread complimentary as we had waited so long and by this time we was starving. Our starters arrived which to be fair was the best part of the night, as the chicken was really fatty on the main. After finishing our mains we waiting 40 mins to get a dessert menu, by this time it was too late and we just wanted to leave. I then asked to speak to the manager and couldn't believe how rude he was, I informed him the toilets were dirty and he replied women can be messy. There was no toilet roll in any of the toilets and the bin was over flown with paper where they had not been cleaned, I'm sure this has nothing to do with "women being messy". I then informed him we waited 40 mins from our main to being offered dessert menus and he told me I was lying and that his waiter had been over a couple minutes after. He was very rude and aggressive, overall I was not impressed with this restaurant or the service they provided.  
I’m still disputing my deposit refund. It’s been a month and still no refund after they took money out of my bank without asking me! They owe me £200 and I’ve had no response from them. 
We travelled hundreds of miles to meet old friends at this restaurant. Our carefully pre-booked and pre-arranged table was already occupied. We were taken to a noisy & cramped table and left to move furniture around to squeeze in to a table which was far too close to its neighbour. The service was slow and inattentive - resulting in a request for a single glass of wine being followed by 4 glasses and a bottle being brought out. The error was corrected when pointed out, but we rightly forecast that both the bottle and the glass would be on the bill at the end of the evening - it was. We had chips with two of the meals and both had to be sent back as they were lukewarm and un-appetising. Neither the ambience nor the meals reflected the prices being charged. With a Wetherspoons nearby this place would die. My £40 share of the four person bill for a burger and one small bottle of beer was not the best way to enjoy an evening out. Please understand that I have no problem in paying premium prices - but want a premium product - an enjoyable meal out with friends- in return. This evening which had been warmly anticipated for weeks was, frankly, a disaster. 
We went there for Mother's Day lunch and service was extremely poor. After arriving, we were left for about 45 minutes without having our orders taken, food took a long time to come, and the whole meal ended up taking 2 hrs 45 min - there's a leisurely lunch and then there's nearly three hours! Food tasted nice but, to top it all off, I was absolutely sick for the whole rest of the day afterwards. Not what I expect for £38 per person, I won't be coming back. 
I travel frequently from t3 heathrow and mostly stop by oriel Grande for a quick bite .service has been always great but on this occasion the 3rd of Jan 2019 was served by this lady going by the name Gerda who had absolutely no service neither drink knowledge and had a very bad attitude towards us .having had this experience I don't think I'll be visiting your restaurant in the near future 
First of all took 15 mins to get someone to take our order. It was not even busy. It was very expensive but it is fresh made, shame it was burnt. We had been served at bar as the waiter told us to go there to order and pay. however when we wanted extra drinks the person at the bar said we had to pay the waiter. Really strange. Finally how long do have to wait for a burger. 
Went for lunch and a coffee. Very loud, couldn't hear myself think. Coffee was awful couldn't drink it. Soup was ok. I was seated on a table with a group of others plus staff rushing round, so felt like I was in the way. 
Don't think I've ever waited do long for a take away. Surely half an hour you might offer a drink / poppadoms?  
Came here for a quick tea before the flight. Cream tea poster was being displayed and a member of staff said it was still available. However, after we were being seated, the server who took our order said the cream tea service had finished. So we ordered two desserts and two teas. The food.... was ok, but the teas never arrived. We had double checked with different servers but it seems none of them care, and at last, we took another server to cancel our order.  
Perfectly respectable establishment but my wife and I shared a plate of tempura vegetables and unfortunately suffered diarrhoea and vomiting lasting 48 hours. Suspect it was one of the two dressings served with the meal. 
We were back at the Rock and Rose - a firm family favourite for special occasions and to treat ourselves. Sadly it's deteriorated in every area. The cocktails are sickly sweet and their signature cocktail 'porn star martini' was syrupy with no flavour of the vanilla vodka that was listed as present. The half portion of passion fruit is now parred down to a thin sliver and the full shot of prosecco is now 1/4 shot of Asti Spumante served in a shot glass half filled with solid glass hoping that you don't notice. And please never be tempted by the salted caramel martini if the flavour of runny ice cream in a glass isn't your thing! 
I wasn't initially going to leave a review after my visit to the rock and rose as i wanted to give them an oppertunity to redeem themselves. After an email conversation with the manager i thought that i would leave it there. But i recently visited a restaurant where i found a mere hair in my food and the reaction i got for the manger there couldnt have been better, so after comparison i thought a review was nessacery.  
I left this venue a smashing review when it first opened but a few years down the line and the typical pattern has occurred. The owner is nowhere to be seen so the quality of food has declined (cold, etc) and the management is awful. It really feels like the place is being run by a girl with zero customer experience, if food comes cold or you have to wait 25mins because it’s been forgotten, or your order is wrong don’t expect an apology! Instead except a ratty rude response from an untrained and thoroughly unproffessional manager. 
I do not know how to describe my first experience at this place today . Food is below an average and then i saw argue between staff on floor & Young waiter who end up leaving that place , it looks like managements doesn't care about staff which effects customers. I will never go back and I will not recommend either. 
Just popped in for coffee. Went up to the counter, ignored for a bit then asked if I wanted to pay. I said I wanted to order? I was told to sit down as it was table service (how are you supposed to know?) Waited another 5 minutes for a server, and then another 5 minutes for the coffee (which was fine) When I mentioned we were in a hurry the server pulled a face.  
Karela overwhelmed with sugar so that you might as well be eating ice cream with a karela flake; everything over spiced, over- sugared, mush experts, lacking finesse, cheap produce and cynical for which you pay full whack. Needed a detox afterwards. If you want Gujarati food, don't come here. 
bland food all sugar based, small portions, poor service all six of us disliked it, better options nerabye 
Trading standards should get onto this place! Fresh orange juice was just some caterers brand carton.  
Today was the first time visiting the fallow deer and we were very much looking forward to trying it out as most reviews are good etc. Upon arriving we were greeted by a lovely guy who said we could sit anywhere so we did. It was myself and 2 daughters. We were then approached by the first server who took a drinks order. Then a short while after we had another server come to take our order. We ordered the smoked bacon & buttermilk pancake and asked for NO syrup or icing sugar, 2nd order was the beef burger in brioche bun & chips with no onion jam and lastly we ordered the bacon brioche bap with halloumi cheese rather than the egg. I asked her if i could substitute the egg with halloumi and she said that would be fine and no extra charge. And we also ordered a portion of chips with parmesan cheese. 2 cokes & a kids hot chocolate.  
Terrible. Eggs Benedict on inedibly hard muffin, hollandaise sauce too cold and sweetish, orange juice advertised as "fresh" was actually from a carton. Don't be fooled by the swanky 30s diner decor, this place is incredibly mediocre. 
Went there last night to try out for the first time. No one to welcome or offer a table in spite of making a reservation earlier in the day (though not necessary as it was at under 50% capacity). Only two waiters serving a the section closer to the bar/kitchen. The service was very slow even in giving the menu cards leave alone taking the order and then serving. The food was mostly mashed up - the vada had mashed potatoes and was tasteless. The undhiu was again similar except that it had a sweet taste. The less said about other items, the better. Prices were over the top considering the overall quality of the food and service. Would not visit again - definitely. 
One of the worst restaurants I have ever been to. The food was tasteless. We took a cake for my brother's birthday which they didn't allow us to cut in there. The staff could learn to be friendly. 
Be careful...you might find eye brows and hairs inside your food....like I did... 
We’re local and have come here a number of times and generally find the staff friendly and kind. Unfortunately on this occasion the host who greeted us was extremely rude and unwelcoming. Will not visit again. 
Been here about four times over the course of three months craving for a Bombay sandwich which they clearly advertise in the window. But just try ordering one and they will give you all the excuses under the sun as to why they can't make them and try to sell you something else instead. 
No way Jose Mourinho! £26? Really? Ok so I tried it. I was curious. These guys should be laughing all the way to the bank. In central London you pay £26 for a fillet steak. But in Barking? That's just taking the mick. Do yourself a favour, seriously, go to sainsbury's, pay £7 for an aged "taste the difference" fillet steak, sprinkle some salt and pepper, and grill it to perfection at home. Save yourself £20. There is no way on Earth, anyone should get away with charging you £26 for a steak in Barking. Barking is not and never will be "posh". The steak is good but it £26 good 
This place used to be great for food ! Myself and my girlfriend have been on a number of occasions and had a some really good eating experiences , today wasn't I'm assuming they have a new chef -- dry refried cold chips that taste like cardboard + pepper & blue cheese burger had no taste of pepper and had no seasoning ... Veggie burger - average -- pretty disappointing --- although on a plus side beer was good .. Won't be returning anytime soon . 
Dont go here waste of time and money awful food awful service. Me and a friend did a joint mothers day here..actually half a mothers day here. Booked in morning but when we got there they had over booked and sent us to another dodgey room where there was only 1 waiter and a 14yr old boy serving. We were sat down. 6 out of 10 glasses on our table were dirty. Had to send half the plates back because they were dirty. They came back wet and no tissues on table to dry them with. When I questioned it I was given a dirty look. We ordered drinks and popadums until we choose our food. 4 popodums came within 5 mins and the other 4 came 25 mins later. When I asked why it took so long the manager said to me why u complaining about everything. I said to him if u and ur staff cant handle it y over book. Starts came absolutely disgusting literally all over them apart from chilli paneer which was nice. Was so bad while we were there we called otger restaurants to see if they had bookings for us. When I left he made me wait for someone to finish his phone call before I paid. Dont go here waste of money waste of time tasteless gone off tasting food. I wouldnt eat here if they paid me to.  
We visited this restaurant last year on our Anniversary as we thought we would get a nice meal,being advertised as a steakhouse,but was really disappointed.We had a bit of a wait for service,and when we ordered drinks,was told we couldn't have a glass of wine,only sold by the bottle.When our starters came,I ordered the prawns with spicy mayonnaise,they came on a bed of raw kale,not nice,when our steaks arrived they were quite tough,although we asked for medium,we didn't bother to stay for dessert,in all when the bill came,we had an expensive night out,paying city prices. 
I have used this restaurant twice , both the times very disappointed with the food . They boast about their Surti Cousine , not at all good . I personally fell sick both times . I would hesitate to recommend to my family & friends . 
Started going to this restaurant way back in 2002 and at that time the food, service and staff were excellent but I refuse to go there now as the food is not good, the toilets are absolutely filthy and the service is pathetically crap. Its a shame and I won't recommend this to any body!!! 
Having visited Brula, as it was, back in the spring after a Six Nations match we decided to book there and then for the England vs Australia match. 
Everything flavourless from start to finish, they use poor ingredients and delivery very low standard. All the bread is supermarket ready made, rice dish was microwaved, bits of it was hard and inedible, mix grill served on top of bread until soggy, had to ask for new bread. Also grill served with a white congealed sauce, had no flavour and coated the mouth with a unpleasant grease. I asked for some chilli sauce which was served in a broken pot. The sauce was bulk bought sauce you would expect to see in bad kebab house. I know this sauce, I've seen it before! No way near fresh, you can tell from smell before taste, undeniably cheap rubbish. Our group was never asked how the food was, this 7:30pm, and only 3 tables on service! The portions were good but quality was so bad it didn't matter how big the portions were as we could not enjoy or finish it. I have had Lebanese before and this a total disservice to the cuisine and a total disgrace to Windsor. This establishment preys on the passing tourist trade, and unfairly and happily rips off the one time customer. Most heinous is the below poor level of taste of Lebanese food giving to public. Between 4 adults and 1 child, I paid £80+ on just food and were still hungry and to top it off, all had stomach pains. Never will go back there again and I'll be surprised if even 10% of customers do. All these 4-5 star ratings on trip advisor are misleading. Will think again about trip advisor recommendation next time!!! 
I really could not recommend this restaurant. My husband ordered scallops to start with, served with black pudding. The scallops (only two of them) were fine but the black pudding was a very sloppy strange texture. I ordered the souffle which tasted good but the presentation was a little amateurish and messy. Next we had steak which was ok and I ordered Lemon Sole. It arrived on a plate saturated with water and I asked for it to be taken off the bone. A good deal of fiddling around and about 5 mins later, the sole was duly served off the bone, however it tasted peculiar and was completely soggy and over cooked. Not one to enjoy ruining the flow of a meal, I waited to complain and tucked into some of our side dishes: over cooked dauphinoise (I make a better dish at home) and haricot vert which was drowned in burnt tasting oil not the delicious buttery taste you would expect. We then braved a shared pudding of crepes suzette, nothing special again but at least slightly more edible. The service was efficient and on the formal side, if you like that kind of thing. All in all, poorly cooked French food at inflated prices. 
Oriel at terminal three has always been my choice for breakfast to start my journey off.  
Terrible food and pathetic waiters! The food is not worth the while at all and the waiters are the worst of all - slow, unresponsive and they can be rude! 
I was tempted to try the buffet by the management. Very average items with no distinct quality or flavour. Dal makhani without makhan, tasteless mix veg, mixed lentils and salt less paneer curry. Nans were sweet( surti style I suspect). Cheap crackers, spongy rossagullas and very basic chat. 
I ordered paneer masala, baingan bharta and spinach daal for take away.  
Let me start by saying I LOVE this pub and try and visit regularly as I have always found the atmosphere, drinks and food to be wonderful. 
I took a group of 20 guests for lunch worst food we have ever had all my guest promised never to enter this restaurant again. Sandra 
It used to brilliant. Just tried to make a booking got a very surly reply from the person telling us "it's no longer Brula, it's now Salon Prive". 
Staff are unfriendly and the food was awful! We've been going there for 10 years but after the last experience we wont be going there again. 
Shared a lunch with friends at Brula St Margarets yesterday. 
I can only advise everyone to avoid this eatery at Terminal 4. I don’t think I’ve had worse food in England ever.  
It's not often I write a bad review but after hearing great things about this place we were disappointed to say the least.  
Really dissatisfied with our evening tonight . Steak not served as ordered , returned it and came out just as over cooked as the first steak , by which time everyone else had finished eating as well . Pre Booked table a few months ago and was not told it would be from set menu . Really don't know why everyone raves on about this place . Totally sub standard and over rated and over priced .Only good thing is that our waiter was excellent and felt he should apologise , felt sorry for him . Should have been the manager that was over not the waiter , poor chap !  
I used to love this place. But the last time I went was years ago.  
Rock and Rose is a 30 second walk from my house and I visit regularly to sit at the bar and have cocktails which usually ends up in sending around £90 per visit.  
I had a terrible dining experience with the waitresses. I had to ask 3 times for the side before I got what I actually ordered. Also I requested a chicken dish, they brought me the lamb dish version and were trying to convince me it is chicken. 
Went into this restaurant in good faith, ordered my meal, but when it came the chicken shish was raw in the middle. 
Two chuppatis cost £6, without lime pickle:, the smallest samosa you have ever seen was the same. You are charged 12.5 per cent service but no-one takes your coats and a table is indicated with a wave of the hand. The fish curry was made from an unknown fish, but it was slimy. The Maharrata lamb dish was certainly unusual but it was so smothered in chilli that I not lived in India I would not have been able to eat it. A waiter recognising this brought yoghourt to tame it. 
Went there for dinner before my flight. Realized our mistake after the first bite and sent two burgers back. The rest of the dishes were nearly as awful. 
Ordeed stake. Got so ethibg that had been grilled overnopen fire, tasting fire, was overcooked aweful. I get it, it is hard tonfibd good kitchen staff...butnif you can not even bother trying to train them then do bot run a resturant. Honestly I rather go to McDonalds. 
Popped in for a late lunch yesterday, restaurant full but only took about 10minutes to be greeted and sat by a friendly face, unfortunately it went down hill from there.  
Always loved this place for breakfast but just had my latte slammed down on the table in front of me without waitress saying a word before she walked off! The quirky charm has gone with the new makeover looks like a chain cafe now, such a shame. 
Ordered a beef dish from the turkish tradition section, costs me 16£ and all i got was chopped beef mixed with yogurt, nothing else. I could have buy myself yogurt and beef, cook and mix it together for 6£. Absolutely a ripped off! Cant believe i paid 16£ for such a rubbish dish. 
I have previously given full marks, excellent reviews of Fishers. You can read them. 
Have been to this restaurant quite a few times and have noticed a steady decline sadly. From the days of raving about it, its gradually got worse. I remember a group of us having a Christmas meal and the mixed grill being a real feast. Todays serving was almost as much veg as meat. For a mixed grill, really not good enough! The food is really good quality still but is a complete rip off now. My friend who eats at the takeaway section of the restaurant fairly regularly said that they serve different amounts to anyone that looks vaguely like a tourist to the area. Really disappointed to hear this but it seemed that way when I was there as no waiter came over to check how our food was until we'd decided it was too late and we just wanted to leave!! When we mentioned we were unhappy when the bill was brought, the waiter said it was because they had run out of doner meat, really?! A mixed grill should be more than relying on doner meat!! Its a real shame though as used to be really good so beware. I won't be going back sadly. 
I still can’t over it when the waiter slammed the door on my face when he was running inside to see the belly dancer. 
I had some time to spare before check in and decided to have breakfast. Plenty of staff but very few customers at 8.00am so I was shown to a table quickly. The waitress asked if I wanted coffee or tea before ordering.....coffee came....so far so good. 
I have been going to Bagattis for many years. Recommended this place numerous times to friends/colleagues as the portions are pretty big and full of flavour. Unfortunately, the last few visits were a big let down due to lack of service and management behaviour.  
My partner and I were there this evening It wasn't our first time however the chicken doner I had tonight was absolutely appalling! Chicken wasn't cooked well and no taste to it at all. I ate a little bit and left the rest. What a waste of time and money! I won't be going there again. 
Th8is restaurant is set to scam customers with misleading fine prints. We ended up paying £70 for a single starter 3 people, The food was below average. 
Been here for 3 hours now and still not had desserts. Don't come here if you're in a rush! An hour between courses is just ridiculous!! 
We arrived at The Fallow Deer this afternoon just before 4.45 (closing time is advertised on the door as 5.00pm) to have coffee and cake and were turned away after being told (rather rudely) that they weren't serving now unless we ordered a take away coffee.  
Visited for dinner post all good reviews. Really average food above all very sad service. No one comes to take your order even after 20mins sitting there. After first round no one comes back to the table again. The guy was more interested in cleaning the tables and totally trying to ignore our needs to order anything else. Of course in the end - service charge is included. FYI - Brindisa Soho is the best in town for Tapas. Take my words for it. Also, I don’t generally write reviews but the experience here was so bad that I felt like warning all fellows trusting great reviews here.  
I don’t get it…I went to Biggles at the weekend with a larger group and so in preparation I checked out reviews online. Despite the good rating on Trip Adviser, the photos were not at all inviting and my expectations were low and they certainly met them! 
We booked Biggles for 4 people as we have been here many times before and not been here seen Manuel had sold the business. So we thought we would try it as we were told noting had changed.  
We'll the coffee is terrible, I asked for a cappuccino and it was scorching hot milk with some coffee, the service is slow and although my waitress was cordial, she lacked experience. 
Not sure why this restaurant is no 2 in Kingston. Food is average and very overpriced. Service was poor - I was still eating my starter when the waitress came and grabbed my plate - when I said I hadn't finished she said the main course was ready. I let her take the plate and we then waited 10 minutes for the main course to arrive! The environment is soulless - no vibe, no character. We won't be visiting again.  
Was having a nice coffee and planning a trip when the staff brought the bill to the table, to 2 mins later bring the machine to pay the bill without asking... I think it was really rude. True I spent time there, but there were other tables free and no need to rush us out that way. Will never come back, not recommended. 
Surroundings are dated and tired. Only eaten as part of a large party but never been impressed enough to go back as a couple. Food is below average and service is rushed and sloppy. Very expensive and no I would not recommend. 
I visit this restaurant after reading all the hyped and recomendation expecting a good service decent meal in a nice relax utmosphere., But upon my arrival the restaurant did not acknowledge that i had prebook a day in advance, when they managed to find a table for me and my colleague, we were told in no uncertain terms because there was a mix up with the booking our wait will be slightly longer than normal we waited 1 hr for our main course by then when the meal arrived it was cold, we waited for it to be warmed up and the owner manoj vasaiker reluctantly took ordered one of the waiter to warm the dish up by then we decided to pay and leave, In Addition to that our cutlery were also dirty, there were lipstick mark on the wine glass obviously has they didnt bother to book us in they served us cold meals in dirty unwashed utensils and glass ware. I was told in no uncertain terms that it didnt bother him if we nnever booked again as his is one of the best restaurant so if we dont like the service we know where to go. I WILL CERTAINLY NOT GO BACK THERE NEITHER RECOMMEND THAT RESTAURANT TO ANY ONE AVOID IT IF YOU DONT WANT TO GET FOOD POISONONG. 
This is my first review ever. All i can say is i will never be going back to this restaurant again. I chose this restaurant based on reviews late last friday and my word was i shocked with the food. 
As a resident that lives above this place all I can say is thanks for ruining teddington. Screaming kids and loud not so yummy mummy's then loud staff post closure at the rear plus a belching inadequate extractor fan. As for the infamous cocktail nights where residents are forced to endure thumping loud music and loud people until past 11pm. Disgusted !! Residents who complain are treated to rude arrogant letters. Can't wait to sell up  
The service was good, the food was good .... so what could go wrong. Simple, the bill. 
we booked a table here with some friends , living local we have been to this restaurant many times years back. approx 6 years ago we vowed never to return after a disastrous evening but hearing the restaurant had new owners we booked and retracted our vow and hoped things had turned a corner . unfortunately and to our utter disappointment it was awful , under cooked hard breaded mushrooms ,main course chicken a le creme flambeed ( at the table ) was cooked and left on the camping stove for 20 minutes in the corner of the restaurant whilst the rest of our main courses were being cooked in the kitchen , I questioned why mine was left on the unlit camping stove, I got rudely told that the chicken must rest , this i can agree with had it have been a fillet steak ! after the 20 minutes i asked for the stone cold chicken to be cooked again from fresh , which was pleasant . veg is small portions and extremely over priced for what you get . I did not read the previous review re food standards rating but i totally can understand looking at the cleanliness of this restaurant why it scored so low...  
Three of us went on recommendation, why they thought this place was good I'll never know. Steak with pepper sauce it was covering the meat so that I couldn't see it's poor quality tough and flavourless. Only one thought theirs was reasonable. Coke came out of 2 litre bottles therefore completely flat and at the extortionate price of £2-50 per glass and to top it all after peeking in their fridge EVERYTHING was from Tesco's even the desserts. Wouldn't be surprised if everything was frozen the veg certainly were. 
I’ve been here many times before and always enjoyed lovely food. This time, the food was tasteless, service wasn’t slow, we felt like we were an inconvenience, it was very loud. The menus were scrappy. We couldn’t wait to leave. Overall, not a nice experience and I doubt I’ll ever return. 
Not very good !! The food is very bland and the restraint itself Dosent look modern thumbs down !!!! 
Greeting ok but no smile. Waited over an hour for our starters, but they were good. 3 of 4 steaks had to go back, one twice, as they were served raw, not medium rare as requested. My seafood dish was tasty but was only luke warm. ALL meals were served on COLD plates. The service did not come up to expectation either but in fairness they did make a reduction on the bill for the problems.. This though does not make up for a spoilt birthday meal with family. I will not be returning. 
Was really excited to try Los Molinos going by the pictures here on TripAdvisor. Atmosphere was nice and felt like you could be in Spain. The waitress was relatively attentive and happy to recommend some dishes. The food that came out was average and unfortunately the Paella had a hair in it. This was recognised by the waitress who was equally disgusted. This obviously put my partner and myself of the rest of our meal. On the waitresses return from the kitchen she said "no one in the kitchen has white hair"! Came to the bill and was told they'd take of the service charge (optional anyway as far as I'm aware!) We were obviously not happy to pay for a dish with a hair in it so the manager came out who rather obnoxiously told us it was a langoustine hair. As if this was not highly insulting enough, given I know the difference, she stated "shall I get it from the bin to prove it?!" Calling her bluff on this she was as outraged as us and went off to find something...Will never visit here again! Luckily there are other Spanish restaurants near where you won't be treated so appallingly!!  
my partner and I went as we had heard many good reviews, the staff were not over friendly and for what we had was very pricey. I eat at really good places and whilst the taste was good, the bun with garlic mayo ended up soggy and was a complete mess to eat. 
We were a group of 8 friends who pre-booked a table for dinner last night.  
Terrible food and service I am really upset because I Tell the waiter my foods was cold , he said to it’s come like this, and his behaved Aggressive. I never come back 
Cold Night. Raining. Called the restaurant to see if was still open to eat IN THERE (Around 21:40). The guy calmly said “in 40 min we close”. 
Two days before the second lockdown we decide we will have a night out and drove to Gilbeys, the night before our booking, in order to book a table. We were told by the person in charge that evening that the window table would be ours. On that basis we turned down three other restaurants and made this our preferred choice.  
Lots of waiters walking around trying really hard to avoid eye contact, apart from serving food was not asked once how my meal was or whether we required anything, average food, lots of other great Italian restaurants in the area, i would not visit again as for the money you would expect to be treated far better than this. 
I don’t understand how this restaurant has so many good reviews - the food is presented nicely but could honesty cook far better myself at home. Massively over priced (maybe expected for the area), steak for £27 I’d expect from Wetherspoons and when ordering bread got two tiny slices. I don’t like bad mouthing restaurants, especially during the current climate...but it was bad. 
Very disappointing meal! Not very authentic and poor quality ‘brake brother’ style food.  
Can't revive this restaurant as when I rang to book for Sunday lunch and Xmas eve for a large party was treated very rude no courtesy at all........ 
Me and a friend visited the takeaway for Fish Chips and Curry sauce we were handed them in a bag so then had to ask for a tray not sure what they thought i was going to do with the curry sauce.The chips were dry and looked like they had been reheated several times. The fish was average although better than the chips. The takeaway was massively overpriced even taking into account it was in London. Avoid this place at all costs. 
Due to Covid we ordered takeaway through deliveroo. The incorrect pizzas turned up late and practically raw. When we raised this with Masaniello, the gentleman told us there was 'nothing he could do' and to speak to deliveroo. When you have politely brought something to someone's attention you do naturally expect an apology, which we were not given and secondly lateness yes we can raise with deliveroo, but were they meant to cook it on the way as well?! Shocking service, shocking food. 
Big eat out to help out goverment poster outside but refused to do scheme discount when i asked for sandwich to be take away, embarrasing , no wonder is the only place empty in whole church street if you have to wait 15 mins for a takeaway sandwich 
Why they call it Pizza? Big mistake to go there. It s the worst in Croydon. Maybe the other food is good. But please don't take pizza 
I was horrified to find a massive piece / chip of white plastic on my son’s pizza. I immediately notified the waiter who took it away and said that it was a piece of packaging from the Parma ham. He apologised and replaced it, but I later discovered when my brother picked up the bill they didn’t have he decency to take that pizza off the bill as a good will gesture. It felt quite crappy as a customer to know that they didn’t have the courtesy to wave off the dish that contained plastic!  
We heard this restaurant was like going back to the early 80s So we decided to give it a go ! 
Bad service and very high prices. Pubs a short walk away are much cheaper. Avoid this place. So much better in Windsor  
We arrived about 2:45pm Saturday, saw that sandwiches were available until 4pm, and joined the queue at the bar to order. When it was our turn to order, the bar maid said the kitchen closed at 3. When we questioned why the menu said food was available until 4, she said they were short staffed. No apologies or acknowledgement that we had been queuing since before the kitchen had actually closed. 
Terrible service missed out a starter and a main meal. Mediocre food. Then attemted to over charge for drinks and a main course that wasn't ours. A bithday i wont forget. Will never go there again much better just over the road  
We are huge steak and red wine fans so were very excited when Gerrards Cross opened its doors to its latest eatery Lumito. We called in the afternoon to prebook a table and specifically requested a table in the window. We were told 'no problem see you tonight at 8". When we arrived at 8pm despite there being a table for two available in the window we were told unapologetically by the arrogant owner "its not possible to pre book specific tables, you can have any table in the restaurant except that one!" We figured that if that is the way he treats new customers we would rather dine elsewhere so we walked around the corner to one of our favourite family run Italian eateries for a warm village welcome. 
My dining companion and I have wanted to try Martins Place for ages and so seized an opportunity a couple of days ago....well!! we were quite shocked after reading all the marvellous reviews I have to say ! 
We went a month ago was a lovely garden retreat nice and quiet, fast forward 29 days they have stopped fosters and ramped up prices, ok if you want to drink Windsor and eton sub standard beer and have the denial that they never sold fosters.. will not return, Windsor and eton beer is sub standard. Peace 
Home SW15 will leave the discerning palate disappointed.  
So the lads that owned this, sold it, went to Baileys, came back and bought it once more, have sold it again 
Refused to accept food order despite being before 9pm – told kitchen was closed, but clearly kitchen was still operating. Served warm sparkling wine – just kept getting told it came out of the fridge! Barman tried to ignore me. Didn’t even attempt an apology. 
Was walking with family (myself, mother, father and newborn in pushchair) in Windsor and Eton when we stopped by, no one was in the restaurant when we first walked past.  
Just be careful...two pints of Lager and a single gin and tonic...£21.95 !...A friend had bought the same round half hour earlier at a cost of £18.45. I went back to the bar to question the cost. The Barmaid to her apparent surprise had added a £3.50 single Bombay sapphire to the bill...I was refunded the £3.50, however I am absolutely outraged that she imagined that she could get away with it, she must have imagined I was a tourist that would not question the bill....disgusted ! 
Come on guys, been coming here for years and have loved it. Risotto without cheese served with parmesan crisp.... waitress asking if Sauvignon blanc was red or white. You have done and can do so much better.  
Having read the previous reviews we were all looking forward to it especially without the kids. 
I'm desperate for a good restaurant in Putney. The Prince of Wales near Home SW15 cooks good food, but its not cheap and there is often a smell of drains. 
Nice venue shame about the food.  
A bizzare place like walking back into the 70's very bland old fashioned british food, decor to match! Glacier cherries with the melon was very amusing! The staff were running around without much direction, taking half orders and running off to the kitchen without alot of the party having placed their order. A rather unhygienic looking desert trolley which had been sitting out for hours in a very very hot and stuffy restaurant did not look appealing at all. It was like Faulty Towers and I expected Basil to walk in at any moment! 
Celebrating my girlfriend's 37 birthday with our 4 year old son and my mother in law. To date have never experience such bad disjointed service from start to finish. Left standing at the front bar for a number of minutes before I was acknowledged and directed to my table. Ordered a round of drinks, but my partner's Aperol Spitz was flat. Late in the day, but extremely strange that beef could run out when Sunday roast is the highlight of the menu. To top it off my partner is vegetarian and requested extra potatoes and a extra Yorkshire Pudding and received a plate with less potatoes. The response from the waitress was the food has run out. On receiving my bill there were several items on the bill we did not order, I got up and tried to discuss this with the waitress away from the table, and quite rudely the waitress broke down every line of the bill twice, until she picked up on her mistake and reissued the bill with no apologise. On walking out pass the kitchen, there were several plates covered over with what appeared to have staff names written on top, I open one and have and behold a full Sunday dinner. 
Menu description: MERGAS Moroccan spicy sausage with salad and pitta bread, what you get is 4 little sausages on ONE lettuce leaf, it is joke when you're asked to pay 7.95 for it. I asked for Moroccan bread and told we do not do it anymore but it has been served for the table next to me, I would have paid additional charge for the bread if asked. an additional charge for using card which I was not told about. it seems to me that it is designed for tourist who will only come in once and never again. I was checking the place for my company Christmas meal for 15 people, I will not be recommending this, there are a much better Moroccan places out there, even in Windsor, all these comments and high rating from people is confusing, I think they went to different place than the one I went to. Not a value for money, my advice go somewhere else... 
We had lunch today at Gilbey’s Eton. The food was great but we really want to share our strange experience with you.  
We ordered a lot of takeway from this Restaurant and thought reading the reviews the food must be good. We had asked for mild and all the takeaway we collected was very chilly hot that my children who normally eat chilly food from other restaurant were not able to eat at all. Also, potato bhajias were so bad and ugly looking that no one even tried them. They were literally very dark brown. The whole food was totally wasted. 
We love Indian food and seek out the highest rated places when we travel. We have learned to ask a few questions. For example- we asked what ingredients would be used in our favorite dish. We were told ingredients that are never traditionally used. So we knew right away to be wary. Food and service were just okay- didn't plan on returning or leaving a poor review. But, over time I can't forget hearing the man in charge that night brag about knowing how to play the "trip advisor game". Sigh. We still love trip advisor, though:) 
My advice to anyone considering going here is...don't. 
Ordered a lamb tagine. 
Really disappointed with Madhus. This is not the best place if you have a shellfish or nut allergy and also not very accommodating when you ask of they can change dishes for people who have the allergies. So most of the meats and shellfish are cooked on the same grill. Which means anyone with a shellfish allergy cant have meat. Wonder if they tell the pescatarians that there fish dishes are cooked on the same grill as the chicken?? Hmmmm 
Take a step back in time both with food, furnishing and staff. Not the best presentation of food and many amateurs would produce a better meal. 
I visited Indian Express a few years ago and liked it. However, it has really gone downhill since then. The pieces of chicken are bland and dry rather than tasty and soft. The food and service were an all round disappointment. 
On entering the main entrance it was dirty and smelly almost looking if was run down , there was only 2 tables occupied, we ordered 1 chicken Sunday lunch and one mixed meat ... after waiting 20 min the food arrived it was a big portion of vegetables and a small piece of chicken which was swimming in oil along with the gravy the roast potatoes were hard in middle and lacked taste there was so much crap on the plate like cauliflower cheese , then cream leeks , then beetroot all swimming in there own juices the whole plate was a mess and didn’t taste nice at all .... the mixed meat was the same but the beef was like a old pair of leather shoes ... 2nd visit now and the first didn’t impress but though let’s try again this was at 5.15pm ... we also had a pint of shandy and vodka red bull, but it wasn’t red bull but some cheap imitation which was poured at the bar , so you could see , the price for both drinks and Sunday lunch was £46 , not that cheap for bad food and a place that looks dirty on entering  
Test kitchen do great food. But fail to understand the nature of the event that they are catering for. A beer festival does not want crab curry that is very messy to eat, or sloppy burgers that end up being left the the carton. Please please please do good food well and suitably presented. We want to support local business but having this left to be eaten by fingers is not good. Please change!!!!! 
I made a reservation at Madhu's in Heathrow for 9 people for 24th August. The reservation was made on 20th August using Madhu's website which goes through Quandoo. I had not received an email to confirm the reservation. After phoning them today, they said that their restaurant was fully booked for that day and all other days. They said that I should phone them to make the reservation but this was not stated on their website. I just used the Reserve Now link to make the booking. Do not even bother going to this restaurant as the service is absolutely appalling. Their reservation system is crap. 
The Service on Sunday lunch yesterday was terrible, 2 gentleman haven’t been even interested to served us, we were waiting ages to made an order. The order was made with no smile at all and we felt unwanted. Is hard to describe this but it made us fell really bad, we haven’t enjoyed this lunch at all. Absolutely unacceptable in that kind of restaurant. We were waiting then more than 15 minutes to collect the plates when this 2 waiters were more interested to serve the couples next to us, they have been smiling and chatting with them probably because they saw them before. but couldn’t be that nice to us. The food was really nice but even McDonald have better customer service than this restaurant. absolutely not worth to come back unless staff who’s working there will have a better customer service and will be more polite. we shouldn’t leave this service charge at all. 12,5% service charge bill with that kind of manners is absolutely a joke. 
First of all no staff to welcome you, 3 staff standing at the back in the kitchen area just talking. Had to walk in the kitchen to call someone out. Menu looked ok. Had to call someone out again to take the order. Starters arrived, falafel looked very dry and seemed as if they had been frozen and just re fried again. The mains were even worse! Couscous was even more dry and none of the dishes seemed freshly cooked. For the third time had to call the staff out of the kitchen as needed some hot sauce to spice up the dry awful looking food. Will not be going back again... Prefer Kenza in London. This place is Windsor not worth the money... 
This has been my local pub for over 14 years as I live in the local area. They have recently changed management and I have to say it’s not somewhere I would recommend to anyone!  
It's so sad we have spent many a great night here. A few years ago we stopped going,just was not the same. So we have it a chance still bad and another chance still bad. We went 17 months later ummm sorry but very very bad over priced substances good 
We went to this restaurant this evening and were very disappointed with it. Two out of the four main dishes were not hot and the vegetable side orders were cold. the calves liver was in shreds which is a very unusual way to serve this dish. The waiter offered to re order the vetables but we had to wait for them so we could not enjoy the mains and hot vegetables together 
Reading so many excellent reviews we had a very high expectations! 
Awful service, came for a 30th birthday. Were left sat without taking a drinks order for 15 minted as we waited for other guests. Had to ask for a drinks menu. It’s fine only being able to order from a restricted menu ,it’s a large group but to have to order all three courses at the beginning of the meal ? I have never come across that before. So shocked I actually asked twice if I had to order there and then, and it was confirmed to me. The establishment looks 5 star but is like a cheap tart, looks good from the outside but has no substance when it comes to customer service. Avoid avoid avoid. 
went with my wife for a meal. had a nice sunday roast there previously and tried something of the normal menu, whoever my steak come out over cooked and the arrogant manager behind the bar had the nerve to tell me it was med rare even though it was clearly medium well i asked for my money back, then the manager argued to say his chefs were culinary trained, so my question if they are so capable could they not read the ticket when i SPECIFICALLY asked for no gherkin in the burger as my wife is allergic and guess what that came out with gherkin aswel.  
Booked a table a month in advance via trip advisor web site had a message left on my answer phone to advise me to call, I returned there call only to have answer phone message to say that the restaurant is closed until the 17th May.  
A rather bad experience. Staff were rude from the start, but the reviews here made us stay, we asked if there was a table free without a booking, the restaurant was empty, and were made to understand this was an inconvenience to them. Moroccan coffee there is coffee you make at home but more expensive, small lousy black coffee. The food likewise. Very poor, small portions, and the staff clung around the table, standing by us as we ate. The atmosphere was tense and aggressive, you sense perhaps the staff don't like each other much, and we couldn't wait to leave. It sat empty till we left, we were glad to leave and for the price you can do much better. 
Been in around seven we were the only couple seated I ordered a couscous al fassia I was hoping to enjoy it as I did in morocco but the lamb was hard and chicken was dry 
We visited on June 15 and the hostess said there was no space available despite multiple tables being available. They also turned away another family due to reservations. Does the owner know they are turning away multiple families even though there are many open tables? 
Large banana spider fried up too! Yuck !!! Most expensive spider I've ever eaten crunchy...Monkey around with my fritters !!! 
We had been here for dinner previously in the evening and thought it was good value. How wrong we were when we went for Sunday lunch to celebrate a 75th. Service was hurried and the food was so disappointing. Most people had the "roast". It came out on large trays in portions covered in gravy, obviously not just cooked. The vegetables were overcooked - white cabbage and carrots, not what you expect with your Sunday lunch. When we queried items on the bill for drinks they were unable to tell us what the items were for, the owner said we just put the amount down when we serve the drink! He got quite annoyed when we said this was unacceptable in this day and age. So beware if you order drinks at this establishment. He just lost 25 customers. Biggles your days are numbered in my opinion. 
Whilst the staff were very pleasant and helpful the food was atrocious (I had pork belly which was like a dry pork chop) and it was significantly over-priced. Note to self - eat in Richmond on a rugby day! 
I don’t like to leave negative reviews but my meal was awful. Ordered Thai Beef Salad. Should have been stir fry but clearly not cooked as such. Seemed to have been slow cooked and noodles had congealed in fat. Spices consisted solely of handful of green and red chillies which had been cooked to death. Soggy in middle an tasteless and burnt at tips. Did express disappointment to waitress. Other than “I will tell the chef” no feedback at all. 
Went here for a drink ordered a large glass of wine which was covered in lipstick that wasn't mine. Did tell the manager who seemed not so bothered. Ordered a coffee which again came with a dirty spoon most of the coffee was on the saucer itself don't bother. 
Beware its a con!! The food was disappointingly mediocre. Pani Puri was so rubbish, the chef should be ashamed of what he served. The puri was so scantily filled with just sprouts that it was not worth £7. Lacked of potatoes or any flavour completely. The Alloo Tikki was 1 tiny Tikki cut into 2 halves and served in a plate of chana. Pathetic again for £7. They don't deserve to have a location like the Sheraton Hotel. The waitress had a cold so she kept sniffling in our ears quite loudly. I watched her swipe her runny nose with her palm a few times whilst serving a few tables. Disgusting!!. She was not properly trained for silver service. She kept leaping across the table to reach for plates and cutlery instead of coming closer. The table offered to us, a family of 5 were two round tables joined together. It made it difficult to share food and make it enjoyable. When I complained, I was offered desert for free. This didn't really help because the kulfi was commercially bought and not made by the chef. It tasted powdery. All in all the restaurant was nothing special. A local takeaway compares better than this restaurant. The furniture is old and chairs looks tattered. The pictures on the website are when they were newly opened. It's definitely not like that in reality. Don't be taken in by the lovely pictures. It's not posh at all. 
Went there for lunch (there were 5 of us) and despite phoning and being told to be there for 1pm we couldn’t order until 2pm. When the food came it was inedible. Some of us ordered sandwiches and the bread was so stale. The 2 fish and chips were over cooked and with a round of drinks all of this for £75!! All 5 are pensioners so we were left very upset! 
This is the worst pub food I have ever had!! I ordered a beef roast it came in thin slices from tescos!! Never again would I come here again would advise always stick to pheasant!! Plus I found a hair in my food  
Myself and my wife went to Bagattis one Saturday evening last year.My wife is coeliac & we checked that everything would be ok food wise.After finally getting served we made our choices.The food was average,I can't remember what we ordered.We then looked at the desserts & my wife asked what gluten free desserts were on offer at which point they told her that they only had one such desserts & that was chocolate ice cream.She ordered this & then after a time she was then told that they'd run out of this!I asked for the bill from the gentleman who appeared to be the manager.Fifteen minutes later I had to ask him again.Overall we found the service was awful and felt as though as we weren't regulars they really didn't want to know us.We left and have never returned & we have no intention of doing so. 
I was looking forward to return to this lovely restaurant and I'm so sorry to say that they lost me!  
If you are looking for something special, great service and free from food poisoning risk then this is NOT the restaurant to go to. We were served raw chicken and told that it is ok to eat. There is no concept of customer service at this restaurant which is a real shame. Save your pennies and your health, and try out other restaurants in the local area. 
I booked for 10 people last night for my birthday celebration. The staff were very helpful but even at 8pm we were told that several dishes were already finished. I would say that all members of our party have lots of experiences at all types of restaurants to be able to pass a fair judgement of the dishes we ordered. The calamari starter was overcooked and tough. The duck main dish was dry and inedible> The duck pasta dish contained hardly any duck to speak of. The deep fried doughnuts which are advertised as freshly cooked taking 6 minutes were cold, hard and dry. All in all a very horrible experience. 
We travelled for 1 hour to get to this restaurant to meet a friend. The journey was not worth it. The food was expensive and poor quality. It was pretty awful. Our food was disgraceful. 
Disgusting levels of customer service. All curries were half full and one of them had leaked. They even had the cheek to ask for money from a previous order! What I expect from the people who run this shop. Called up to complain about the half empty curry and the guy on the phone said he'd send round another two Ranis. Turns out after 2 hours the delivery driver shows up asking for the curry back with nothing but naan breads to give to us. Absolutely appalling. We were regular customers but we are never ordered from this place again. 
The reviews on Trip Advisor were very misleading, as the food really wasn't authentic Italian. It was overpriced, for what turned out to be, a very below average meal. The menus needed a good clean and the service was lacklustre. I would not recommend this restaurant. 
Handing of complaint for the significant delay in the delivery of the mains was far below the standards expected by Madhus and their management. Real eye opener to the lack of customer care when things go wrong. Won't be dining here again, not because of the issue itself, but lack of admission of fault and failure to reasonably rectify. 
The title says it all, I’m a local resident of Windsor and we expect some silly prices but to charge £1.50 for a splash of coke with your spirit is a joke, you are robbing people blind and should be ashamed of yourselves! 
 Went there with friends over from AUSTRALIA. We had three children with us . Went in garden at 8.30 as no kids allowed in pub... fine and understandable. Got told we had to leave garden as no kids allowed at all.....husband dropped friends off to their hotel. Was waiting outside on be h and manager am out an continued to moan about us having kids there. BORING... extremely rude and overpriced......... slow service  
We orderedSoup and Bread basket for take a way we got so watery soup and burned bread. It’s not our first time to order for take a way. We loved cabbage soup and bread basket. Unfortunately after today experience we are not going to order anymore. So sad we had such a great experience before our lovely soup was so tasty now is like a water. But served burned bread for take a way had never happed for us. I think it’s time to change restaurant because that’s experience is not acceptable for us. 
I have been living in Twickenham for almost 2 years now and I have to say I have tried almost all the pasta and meat dishes and they all have been rubbish!! The pasta has always been below average and now I ordered a medium steak, that came over cooked with a bunch of tasteless spinach and beetrot. I'm so dissapointed!!! Completely awful and expensive. The only reason I keep coming back after all the disappointments is because of my boyfriend, that keeps saying that they make good pizza but honestly you can find better in any other place in Twickenham. 
Getting worse this place food is really simple and staff is very rude...the hav no manners...so dont waste your money there.... 
Could have been so much better. The staff were friendly enough but lacked customer focus. We waited an hour for our main course and nobody explained the delay. We were the only two people in the restaurant with four staff who pretty much ignored us. Food was dull and uninspiring. The Italian restaurant across the road was full which tells something. Our complaint about the food was met with shock and indignation. They have a prime spot and if they made better food they would make a huge profit. 
My wife and I have been looking forward to visiting Masaniello ever since we first moved to Twickenham. We have eaten at several restaurants in the area, and generally the quality of food in locally is first class. We usually find TripAdvisor to be an accurate reflection of restaurants and hotels, so when we booked a table for a meal with my parents, I was not at all worried that it would disappoint. I had built this up to my wife and parents and was really excited to finally give it a try. I wish we never bothered. 
Visited on a Weekday evening with hardly any customers present. Staff seemed uninterested in serving. When we finally got served we asked how long the food would take only to be told by a waitress busy on her phone "however long it takes to cook". Drinks were ordered and by the time we brought the drinks to the table we noticed one glass had a fly in it. When we took the drink back to the bar to ask for a fresh glass we were told "it's not our problem, it's your drink". Rude staff with no clearly no customer service skills. Manager had no interest in correcting staff behaviour. Avoid!  
where to start booked this place after reviews on trip advisor was lead to believe this place would be great it was far from it .cold and outdated interior wrong dishes given even after we had spoken to waiter about a certain dish still managed to get wrong cold plates bland chewy food my mix grill was something you would get from a low rated kebab shop .by looking at website you would think this place is authentic but In reality it is not what it portrays.how it has good reviews is behond me if you want cold plates bland food this is the place to eat .real shame as it was my wifes 40th had booked in advance with the hope that it would be good as reviews 
I ordered a moniz breakfast over the phone and asked for toast along with it. Once I had gone to the restaurant to pay it was £7 so therefore im assuming this is sprinkled with gold...once i had bought it to my office to my surprise there was no toast... when i had spoke to the guy on the phone he said toast was extra £2.50!!!! Was extremely rude customer service as he put the phone down!! If you want to buy overpriced food and rubbish service then i do recommend moniz :) 
it was just a casual dinner with friends that haven't turned to be as we wanted. after reading the reviews we decided to give a try to moniz restaurant and it have left us very disappointed!  
well, i was expecting a greaet experience given the madhus name, but was so disappointed, food was ok, but staff service was well below acceptable, but after complaint they did recoup some of their experience, 
We have eaten here a couple of times before and found the food to be excellent and the atmosphere lovely. Unfortunately after todays visit, I won't be going back again! 
We arrived at 1.30pm hoping for a sandwich but were told orders were not being taken until 2pm because it would 'confuse' the kitchen. On ordering at 2pm we found a table of five who had arrived after us had already been allowed to order. Their food arrived at 2.30pm ours at 2.45pm (but only after my husband had complained). I had ordered smoked salmon,cream cheese and watercress on wholemeal bread with 'rustic' chips.  
We had booked a table for 26 people they didn't tell us the booking would require us to be on 2 separate tables. We turn up to find out our group had been split, it ruined the evening. Manager blamed us and said we didnt specify, he wasn't understanding or empathetic. Food was mediocre, not worthy of the price. Won't be going there again. My Joint Birthday with my best friend was ruined and no compensation was provided either not even an apology. Bad customer service very disappointed. 
Just got back and had to write, but where to start. Crispy duck salad starter was all lettuce leaves, watery dressing, few dried up hard fragments of unidentifiable meat scraps. Slow cooked lamb shoulder was indescribable. Roast potatoes looked and tasted like they were leftover from yesterday - greyish. Broccoli was raw, ramaining vegetables looked and tasted like they were stewed in what purported to be gravy and could not taste cheese in cauliflower cheese. All served up nice and cold. Presentation; looked like the meal had been scraped off someone else's plates - tried to fashionably 'build' the meal like proper chefs unsuccessfully. Oh, cinnamon doughnuts were hard, so stale. 
We ordered starters which took a while to come. Then had the mains where we all had cod as starters, had to send two dishes back as it was way too salty. The potatoes that came with them no could eat as they were completely covered in salt. Didn't choose anything else. Also ordered a birthday cake which we got told wrong prices for and charged extra for a toping which we weren't told about. The total bill came to over £150 for 5 people in which 2 dishes got sent back. wouldn't mind paying if we were served nicely but it was a horrible service, there was always excuses for prices.  
Based on the good reviews of Al Fassia restaurant we were very excited to get a chance tp eat there. However, the evening turned quite a nightmare. First the waiter was very kind and helpful. However, as the time passed and passed we got a bit annoyed and after waiting for the starters for 50 minutes we really wanted to know what's going on. When trying to get a contact with the waiter, it felt like he had become both blind and deaf. He refused to notice any of our attemptions to ask when the food is coming and he spent all the time either serving other customers or hiding in the kitchen. I'm not an impatient personality, but I don't think it's normal to wait for the starters for 50 minutes without getting any explanation. Finally they came, and oops it was the wrong one we didnt even order. Waiters' ridiculous comment "actually my friend, the chef burned the right starters" with a laugh didn't really save the situation, so we had no option than leaving the place. A shame as the food looked lovely. 
Ambience was good....the food was Terrible.....Murgh Malai chicken was Raw and smelling....Kebabs were cold.....peas Pulao was stale.....literally soaked in oil......rotis were not baked properly.... 
Ignore reviews on this pub, completely misleading. Meet up with friends for Sunday lunch. Three of us had roast lamb . when our dinners arrived the lamb was so fatty. It was disgusting. Should never have been served up on the plates . our desserts were even worse. Jam roly poly with custard, served cold & not even cooked properly. Will definitely not eating here again. 
Very bad service order a steak medium arrive well done ask waiter to take away what she did 30 seconds after came whith same steak tell me the cheff told her the steak is ok i never will came back there 
We had reserved a table only to be told by the managers wife that they hadn't actually bothered to reserve one but if we wanted we could sit on the stage. We decided to go into the restaurant part and was served by a nice waitress sadly it was her last day and she was the only thing this pub had going for it. We ordered and our food came- my chicken was dry and literally covered in jelly gravy- it was inedible. My girlfriends pizza was also awful. So soggy you couldn't even pick it up. The managers wife was back serving us - she came over and all she said was 'have we got enough drink' our plates were full and both of us had our knives and forks in the middle of the plate- we said no to the drinks and she promptly left not giving us time complain. We called her back over and told her we were unhappy- she then got angry at us and said we seemed fine earlier. Honestly couldn't believe her attitude. This woman should NOT work in hospitality. She went and got the chef who came out. We explained the problem and he dealt with it really well and agreed with what we said. The managers wife never came back. DO NOT Waste your money in this pub. The food could probably be ok but the service absolutely sucks. 
Visited this pub last week, was staying in a nearby hotel and this pub was recommended to me.  
Visited this restaurant this evening and we were really pleased with what we received... 
In the past we have visited this restaurant for lunch, dinner and early morning coffee. Found staff in the evening far more polite than day time staff members, who I have on a few occasions found to be dismissive and arrogant.  
Impossible to rate the food as it never arrived. 30mins after ordering, when we queried where it was, they came back with order pad and said "what did you order?". We decided to cut our losses. Perhaps the waiter who attended us first would do better to use a order pad like his colleagues. And perhaps all of them should have questioned why lots of tables had no food. Disappointed, don't recommend. 
Service great, but the food was mediocre. And spent the next day in the smallest room. So many good choices for curry in London, I'll certainly not be returning here. 
I recently visited Madhu's and as normal ordered way too much food. The curries were OK but over priced. I was totally appalled when I asked the staff to box up one of the untouched curries to take home. Apparently it's not restaurant policy and has to be thrown away!! How totally ridiculous!! In this day and age when most companies are trying to reduce food waste, Madhu's actively encourage it!! Shame on you. 
We visited the George Inn last night, after a local owner of a pub (who stopped serving food) suggested us to eat there, as the chef was good. We arrived and the atmosphere is really nice and cosy. However, the price list is unbelievable! £16 for a pie! £14 for a sausage and mash! £13 for a salad?! We decided to share a meal and we ordered sausage and mash. So disappointing to find out the sausages were in reality 3 small very spicy chipolatas, and the rest of the meal was just average. Wow. Definitely not recommended for food. If you are up for a pint though, they have a good selection. 
Terrible. Bread was lovely. Didn't ask for it but was charged. The turkey dinner that 5 of our party had was horrible. My dinner was pork belly. Horrible first time but they re cooked it was ok in end. Very expensive. £20 a main course. Cheese was a joke. We ordered 2 at £12 each. Probs wouldn't have done 3 people. Service and location great. Food overpriced and not nice. Need a new supplier and new chefs. We are locals and would not go again. They then put an optional 12.5 percent service charge on bill. We agreed 6 per cent. Don't go there. 
I ordered the crab pasta, dreadful. All you could taste was garlic you would never know the dish was a seafood dish. Being someone who doesnt complain I asked for some parmesan cheese just to try and hide the hideous amounts of garlic. I was then asked twice if I really wanted the parmesan as the chef had said to the waiter you dont eat cheese with a fish based pasta. Well that would be fine if he had enough skill of cooking a seafood pasta which actually had a decent amount of seafood in it and held off the excessive amount of garlic. The only way you could save what I was eating was putting parmesan with it. This place has a poor chef. My boyfriend had the beef sunday roast well that was a joke aswell, The amount of wafer thin beef you had was ridiculous. This place is in Eton with loads of tourists all this pub offers is dreadful food as to them the tourists wont come be coming back so why bother. I live in London and I certainly wont be bothering again 
Forget it if you're American-. They try to make you pay for bread, water, everything a la carte. They're too busy watching the lousy soccer matches to pay attention to business. this is the kind of restaurant that fills you up with carbs and almost zero fish---very expensive for what you get and it made me so sick, i threw up a $30. meal 
Being allergic to garlic I asked my waiter to make sure there was no garlic in my food. She was very kind and answered that they prepare everything fresh and it wouldn't have been a problem but my starter was made with garlic. Even though they apologised for that and didn't ask payment for that starter I had a very awful night with urticaria. Thanks god I had my antihistamine. Even though food was good and place very nice I won't go back to CIBO.  
First day at Heathrow Doubletree Hilton looking for a place to eat. This place had high ratings on TripAdvisor and Yelp, so we tried it. Ordered Appetizers: fried calimari, prawns and grilled octopus. The calimari was disgusting: batter dipped and fried in oil that should have been changed. TWO decent sized prawns along with several small shrimp. Not at all a good value. Bread was offered, but you have to have read the menu to know that there was an extra charge for bread. I don't know what other people reviewing this place are eating, but I have a gut feeling they are friends and family of the owners. 3 £ for two tiny bottles of water? Shame on them. 
Will not visit again due to careless and inattentive service from the waiters. Food itself is geared towards an international fusion palette and not authentic Indian Appears to be the kind of place where you have to be non-Indian to receive the best attention. Our waiters were poorly trained , disinterested in feedback and arrogant. Only plus points were convenient location & parking and decent ambience. 
I stayed at the local Sheraton that this restaurant is attached to and went downstairs for some food at 7.30pm. The host completely ignored me and asked the Asian's in the line behind me if she could help them instead. Then I ask for a table for 1 and even though 80% of the tables were emptied she stated that she was full and couldn't accommodate me until after 8.30pm. I responded that there were plenty of free tables and she said they were all reserved. When I asked how the empty tables were going to be filled and then emptied in time for 8.30pm when it was "suggested" I come back she just ignored me and walked away. Such rude service ensures I'll never eat at this restaurant again. I stay at this hotel twice a year and I'd rather eat a burger at the sports bar than give the ignorant staff here my money. I've eaten there before, it's overpriced and as far as Indian cuisine in the U.K. goes, it's definitely not anything to write home about. 
If the waitress are in a good mood your food and the service is amazing. 
Two weeks ago, we went for a romantic dinner for two and had read the reviews so thought that Sorrento would be a good option. We couldn't have been more wrong, not only was there a 45 minute time delay between our starter and main course...the table next to us had been served all three courses, whilst we sat patiently! The waiter we found to be quite rude and abrupt. The main course was dry and tasteless. Not an experience we would want to repeat, nor one I would recommend. Avoid! 
Nice ambience and decor but the most awful food and service. We were 8 people (Indians) who regularly dine out. Unbelievable that they can actually serve up this stuff - The jhinga was hard and rubbery, the Nalli gosht and chicken karahi were a few sad pieces of meat in a heap of grainy oversalted masala - and we left over 2/3 of it. When the waiter Jerry told us rudely we can't take it away we had to clarify it was just the peshawari nan we wanted and wouldn't dream of taking the food home. The service is extremely poor and we had to keep calling the waiter to remind him what we had requested. They all seemed unhappy and no care for customers - a sad reflection on the owners. 
Called in for a couple of drinks on the evening before our flight. There was one uninterested barman serving customers, and he didn’t have any clue about who was next in the queue to purchase an over-priced, under-filled drink. Next time I think I’d be happier getting a 4-pack of fosters and taking it to the hotel room.  
We ordered 2 meals and drinks. The drinks arrived promptly but later one plate of food arrived and we were asked what else we had ordered. We were told it would arrive 'in about 5 minutes'. The waitress seemed surprised that we asked for both meals together. 
I went to Madhu's Bath Rd. On Friday 23th June 2017, for my auntie's birthday, the setting there was beautiful but the food there was nice at the rime until i experienced food poisoming the following day. I had a stomach ache for 2 days n was vommiting continuously, i thought i'd be alright but i wasnt. Other family memebers had a slight stomach ache but soon dissolved after a few hours, this was a terrible expedience and I wouldn't be going there again. 
I loved coming here but it all looks very dark - maybe even closed.  
Went in to buy a falafel roll as it was recommended to me, the vibe in there was grim and dark, and I think the owner need to learn some people skills. Falafel was decent but there are much better falafel places if you venture into Shepherds Bush market. Will not be coming back until the owner gets a course in customer service or manners. Don’t bother. 
Taken for a first time visit to this establishment by friends, had a bottle of champagne. Ordered our meal, starters came and when finished plates not cleared, but other customers had plates removed and those who arrived after us had meals served before us. Two of the main where served luke warm/ cold. Not impressed with the way the complaint was delete with! 
My husband and I visited this place due to the fab reviews. The service was extremely slow 45 min for 2 starters! The waitress was very good and apologetic. The food finally arrived. The starters were medioca. The main was filling but nothing special. On returning home that night I ended up with the worse food poisoning that I have ever had. As a result of the chicken eaten! 
I've dined here before and it was a great evening. However, due to lockdown and shielding, my father decided he wanted a delivery from CN for his 81st birthday dinner. He was told to order it on the Friday, ready for delivery on Sunday at 6.15pm. No sign of it by 6.45pm, so called to see what was going on. "Oh, I'll call you back in 2 minutes, we're just getting it ready. It will be with you in 10 minutes". No sign by 7.15pm and the phone is now off the hook. So they've forgotten it and are scrambling to cook it, then. It turned up at 7.25pm. 
Came there for special occasion. Left this place completely disappointed. Service below average. Food was not tasty at all. Very poor quality and should be low hygiene rating. Do not recommend. 
Overpriced. Not special enough for the price, £118 for two. Not as good as it thinks it is, and not sure what it wants to be. Tired and dated.  
Very old fashioned the plates looks like they were 20 years old 
tonight my boyfriend and I decided to go out for dinner. 
Hate the people hu work there... zero Hospitality and zero human touch.. u dnt order there waiters will give u order... wow what an experience. Went there frst time and thats the last time... dnt want to see or hear this restaurant name again... 
Complete and utter disappointment! After a long wait for our drink order consisting of 2 teas, 2 beers and 2 cocktails. We were told the order was long because they were making the cocktails. Pictured is what we received with what we ordered next to it from the menu. We ordered one pink gin blush and one cucumber cooler. They look exactly the same and when we questioned the manager we were told that it’s because they are short staffed and the bar tenders are new and inexperienced and that they don’t know how to do the cocktails or put the correct garnishing in. We suggested that they warn customers they are short staffed and they can’t make cocktails the way they are advertised he said he can’t because he would lose his job. Hmmm completely disappointed and shocked. We got two normal Gins, paid the price for a “cocktail” and the restaurant is not very busy. Thanks George, a special occasion ruined. 
I walked in on the 3rd Jan at 8.20pm and asked for a cup of tea. They told me their machine was broken. So I asked for some chips. They then said they would make me some tea with the machine. I asked them how they could do this if it was broken, and they said it wasn't but they told me it was because it was busy. They said they couldn't give me chips because they were closing the kitchen. It was not busy. I could only see  
Awful food, awful service, no manager on site to deal with complaint,understaffed and overpriced! 
The prosecco my stepfather asked to be on the table for when we arrived for my mothers birthday wasn't there, the number of people on the table reservation was wrong, the restaurant was freezing, the new paint job (plus bad ventilation or extraction) burnt our throats and eyes . The waitress was the loudest waitress I have ever come across, though there was no need to be as only one other table seated when we got there. The menu was extensive, but the food was mediocre, my mum couldn't eat her calves liver (they took it off the bill at the end, rightly so). My veal Milanese was ok. The veal was good, the spaghetti was watery and cold. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I believe it used to be better. Must have changed chefs or something. Wait a few weeks for the paint smell to go and for the weather to get warmer before you risk trying Prima Fila.  
We moved into the area recently and wanted to try out a local restaurant. We saw the good reviews and booked a table for two for 7pm a few days ahead. 
Went for my friends Birthday. When i booked it i said it was birthday celebration. On the day of the booking they called to confirm the booking and also confirmed that it was a birthday celebration. They said they will do something special at the end of our meal. I was happy to hear that.  
The fit out was beautiful and it was a great shame that the food and service did not match up ! We were eventually served by a waiter with a very strong French accent who "suggested" some nibbles for the table which turned out to be a selection of the starters (so no choice given!). We then all had a main course - two of us ordered a shrimp cocktail salad which was basically a few lettuce leaves accompanied by shrimp in a thousand island dressing - very average and disappointing. Our daughter had a burger which was very pink in the middle so that went back. My husband had a steak salad which he said tasted of nothing. Apart from that the rose wine was £50 per bottle and we had three. Only one pudding between four of us. The bill was £400 !!! Daylight robbery. Will not be returning to this place ever again. 
Looking down at some of the previous reviews leaves me in a state of utter shock. This is undoubtedly the most shambolic food establishment I have ever eaten at in London. 
I was waiting to board and decided to eat and drink something.  
Not my type of restaurant for the price enjoyed the pheasant pub more which is around the corner from the hotel quality of cuisine is questionable 
We had reserved half the restaurant for a family party. Firstly the food was terrible, if that that is what you call fine Indian dining then you are better off getting a local Indian take away! Secondly there should've been waiters designated for the party and shouldn't be asking for water, waiters should've been waiting on guests!! Towards the end there were no waiters around and a few of us were very thirsty and noticed that the waiters for getting waiter from near a sink in the corner. As there was no one to ask we decided to go to the sink and get some water from a bottle. If there was someone around we could've asked. As we were leaving we were asked to pay for two bottles of water!!! Can you believe the cheek!!!! The manager on Sunday 15th January was ignorant and had a smug on his face throughout the time were trying to resolve his water issue. Ended up paying £7 for two water bottles!! One we opened and one which was half drunk and was by the sink. This was a horrible experience and this restaurant made us feel like thieves!! DO NOT go to MADHU's if you want Indian threes are lovely places in East London at half the price and twice the taste. 
Made a large order over the telephone for collection. I specifically said I have a dairy allergy and clarified if any dairy was added to the dishes ordered. I was advised over the phone that dishes were fine, no dairy added. Upon collection however, when we queried again if any dairy was added to the order, we were advised the rice dishes contained butter. Does this restaurant not take allergies seriously? what poor service, very unhappy with this. 
Ordered a takeaway, the lamb in two of our mixed shish ones were raw, I like pink lamb but this was not edible.... also forgot part of our order and once home it’s too late to go all the way back for it. The salad was small and lettuce brown was not fresh. It seems they do not care enough about takeaway which is a shame, we order more takeaway food then eating out. Will not return. 
Do not accept the table near the sound box, the volume is from a nightclub. Do not order hamburgers, they say they have cheese, but they do not. And if you like cold beer, do not drink in that place. 
Absolutely shocked by the service in the restaurant. 
The menu says they have a 15 minute service pledge - I suggest they remove it! With just over an hour to kill before meeting people off a plane we went into The George for lunch. It was not full although the barman had his hands full with a stag party. We ordered 2 cokes, a pizza and a chicken burger.  
One poor overworked, stressed staff member taking orders, delivering food and collecting payment, despite all that she was helpful and apologetic. Deserves a medal. Crumpets turned out to be two pieces of soggy bread covered with cold scrambled egg and cold black pudding. Avoid.... 
After seen ad on tv decided to visit restaurant i must say i had the worst food ordered the lamb chops which didn't have any flavour, the Biraney no taste , avoid this restaurant if you can as the price dont match the quality of the food . 
Prior to the refurb (when it was called Kervansaray) this was our favourite local restaurant. We used to go there (or get take away) for all our special occasions. Every time we wanted to take out friends/ family, we would take them here. 
The best first. Service was very nice and appologized everything, so service great and very friendly. Thats it. Food absolutely horrible. You are lucky if you find some fish beteween the bones...bones in fish and chips? Yes here it is possibe and it was inedle. Sirloon steak rare? You get a thin peace of meal ( wich is not possible to breat rare) more than well done, like a shoe. The vine? A Rioja not so cheap, but in taste sour and lowest quality as everything. Edible are the burgers. 
Almost halfway through our sons meal he finds 2 large shards of plastic in his food. We immediately alerted the waiter, whom came back to us saying it was from a pesto bottle (this also highlights the type of cuisine you are paying for). 
Food is generally good with generous portion sizes. 
THe restaurant is cheap and cheerful, food adequate for the money. Bunched in like sardines, the male waiters all seemed to think they should be doing a gig at the comedy store, alas it fell flat. 
I seldom write restaurant review, but this was a really bad experience, we ordered one starter, spicy wings are ok. The four main courses are obviously reheated by microwave, the food is just warm and cold inside. We came according to the rating, didn’t expect that bad. At least the food should not be the leftover and just reheated. Really bad experience  
I went for a simple coffee and toast breakfast this morning and was very disappointed. The coffee was far too hot and was not a cappuccino as requested, The toast was very dry bread and the butter was still frozen. When I came to pay I was told there was a minimum spend of £10 to be able to use a debit card. When I politely challenged the staff member that it only costs pennies to use a card I had a rude and sarcastic response. I should have followed my first instinct when I walked into the restaurant as the ambience was really old-fashioned and I am not a fan of plastic flowers hanging from the ceiling. Needless to say I will not visit again. 
rudest bar staff I've ever encountered, very overpriced drinks, not child friendly, health & safety is awful. 
Food was good, however do not over order as you can't take it with you. Very frustrating as we definitely over ordered. Management need to change there policy.  
How disappointed we were with our experience here! 
So a lovely restaurant - asked for my lamb rare - came up so well done and when I questioned it - just a shrug of shoulder and a wwho who cares attitude  
Eaten here several times generally good - never again - had Avocado with prawns starter - frozen prawns tasteless drowned in marie rose sauce(probably to try & hide how tasteless the prawns were)  
It started of well. We were in town already so I called for a table of 6 and they made space for us quickly even though it’s a small restaurant. After that it all went down hill. It felt like they were short staffed. Service was super slow. It took around 25 mins just to get 4 drinks. One of my mates ordered a Fanta and the waitress dropped the bottle on the table. Some spilt on his jeans. He got a sorry and a replaced drink. 
We have eaten here before as the food is lovely. We decide to have some food before going to the Wedding reception down the road as we had just been invited to the evening. While we were in the restaurant having a meal the police walked in we were then informed by staff that because of the noise in another premises they had reported them! Staff should not be talking to customers about things like this as you never know who is eating there! There had been some noise & cheering from the Wedding reception but was very brief, the owner found it appropriate to send the police in to the premises, it was only around 7pm…When we arrived at the reception we were told that the police had been in, the couple were devastated that police came to there special day which ruined the whole day, it will certainly be a day they will never forget, what ever happened to the community sticking together?! We certainly won't eat there again. 
It is very easy to review this restaurant, 
Inflexible and rude. Cold attitude. If its going well its a nice enough place - specially outside. Very inconsiderate and couldn't care less atitude. 
This used to be a regular place for us to visit and recently we arrived and were treated like dirt by the “manager on duty”. He abused us verbally and then physically tried to start an argument outside the pub after following us out. The owner is also doing nothing about it, it seems. A few emails later she has gone silent. Avoid this place, they don’t care about their customers and hire violent abusive staff. 
Firstly I cannot fault the food. Beautifully cooked meat,tasty chicken, the bread and sauces etc are all spot on. But the wait for the takeaway is a joke. Was made to wait an hour. I understand Saturday night is busy and I was give extra food as an apology but an hours wait is too much for a takeaway. A friend ordered same night waited 45 minutes from time of call to pick up. Same last weekend too but couldn't be bothered to post on here. 
The staff were rude and arrogant, none of them are Italian including the chefs, who have no clue in how to cook. The pizza was soggy, mushy and tasteless. The pasta was greasy; swimming in oil. The staff were rude and i had to walk over to them twice to ask for another drink when my glass was sitting empty for 30 minutes + . Definitely wont be going again, not even if they paid me. 
Attended a family event here and couldn't believe how rude and ignorant the staff were and the manager she was just as bad at dealing with event .(not child friendly at all) 
I ordered from deliveroo and the lamb moussaka I had to throw in the bin. The smell is the first thing that hits you from what smells like off meat. Don't waste your money like I did. 
To be honest i wouldn't go there again. You can take your own drinks but to be charged over £10 'corkage' for a table of four and THEN pay a 'service charge' of another £10+ on top of your meal is a total rip off to me! The food's not that great either so not really value for money or good food 
Better than anything ai have ever tasted in States or elsewhere! Reasonable prices. Mr Sheddy was very pleasant like all the staff there 
Myself and my wife took some old friends to this restaurant on 25 November 2018, and what began as quite a nice evening ended up with other customers involved in fist fighting, bottle throwing and general nastiness which led to the police being called. I found the whole experience embarrassing and quite traumatic. The Kervan staff seemed to regard this as normal Saturday night behaviour. Alas for me, I expect higher standards when I go out for a quite meal. I definitely won't be going to the Keravn Kitchen again - and if I were you I would think twice before booking it either. 
Wednesday 21st Nov 2018 2nd date meal and I'd been invited to eat at this establishment. Starters came out and all was lovely, perfect infact..... that is until our main meals arrived. My date had ordered a simple duck and pear salad which I admit looked tempting I on the other hand ordered the linguine. As I entered my fork to twiddle the pasta a thick black curly hair protruded from within the meal.... I twisted my plate round to show my date. Now had this been a normal strand of hair I might not of been so grossed out but this clearly wasn't. Upon showing the waitress she simply cleared my plate and offered me the menu again. Now having witnessed what I had there was no way I wanted to eat anything further. My stomach had well and truly been churned. Sadly not one person apologised no one said a word and as for my date well he ate his meal I went hungry and my evening spoiled. Not to mention that paid for the pleasure of not actually enjoying my food! Will never repeat my custom here nor will I bother advising anyone I know to do so. Disappointing experience especially for what should of been an enjoyable and exciting night. 
Bad customer service and staff need to learn how to do the service . Have to walk out of the place with out eating the food have ordered . As a SriLankan I am not gonna recommend this place. 
We telephoned and booked a table for four people for 7:30pm on a friday night, we arrived at 7:30pm and were asked to take a seat for 10 minutes. We got to our table at 7:40pm and were told we only had the table for 1hr 30mins (which we thought odd but sufficient) we ordered our food and drinks which all arrived. After 55 minutes the member of staff who had taken us to our table, told us she desperately needed our table and asked us to leave, we kindly reminded her that she had said that we had an hour and a half, to which she replied didn’t you get here at 7pm, we told her our booking was at 7:30pm, she then rushed off and we continued to eat our mains. At 8:50pm the same member of staff came back to the table to say we really had to go as she needed the table, we thought this was unacceptable as we were half way through eating our desserts. 
very disappointed with the staff that had served us, as we reserved the seats they had not told any information about how long we could stay. Furthermore, they have treated unfair with us by lying about they didn’t have any puddings which was told by the girl, however the owner had said there were puddings. i’m very disappointed with the service overall as the staffs had an attitude towards us. They had also provided us with double charge on the receipt which we had identified and then got it changed by the owner. The owner was the only individual who had an welcoming attitude and was honest with everything and had changed our receipt. I really want to put a complain against the girl who had lied purposely. The food we had ordered, were not as great. for example the chicken briyani, the rice was not cooked and was kinda hard to munch. moreover the chicken kothu was dried, the rolls did not even have mutton as much, chicken 65 just tasted like fried chicken.  
I recently visited Virundhu the staff are not hospitable, very rude. The owner is very defensive and never listens to the guest as you could see from the reply to the any constructive comment. I took my friends to this restaurant felt very embarrassed from the moment we arrived the way we were treated. The food is average nothing stands out. For the service they provide the service charge they charge is ridiculous.first learn the basic of hospitality before you reply to guest comment  
We have often had a weekend lunch at the Britannia but this last Sunday we were guests of friends for Sunday lunch. The welcome and the service were as usual very warm and friendly. However, the food was no better than a school dinner (ugh). My Vietnamese Beef salad starter - tough strips of overdone beef with stringy beans and a tasteless dressing, dreadful and grossly over priced. My main course of roast beef was awful. I had asked for the beef to be as rare as possible so when a couple of slices of tough old shoe leather was served up I was not impressed. The roast potatoes were rock hard. The only decent thing on the plate was the yorkshire pudding despite being cold. My partner's roast chicken was slimy and surrounded by grease with equally solid potatoes. It is difficult to complain when one is a guest so we chewed our way through a hugely over priced meal that reminded me of what we were forced to eat at school. I have had vastly better Sunday lunches for £10, never mind £300 for eight people.The saving grace was the brilliant waitress. 
No connection for the name and restaurants service the terrible place I have been for Srilankan and south Indian food it have no authentic connection for it's native food. 
Is any Italian in this place??not even one. 
Went in a big group for lunch and the owner himself refused to edit the order to suit dietary requirements even though others in the group were not eating the same thing. 
We asked to swap the meat item in the hot mezee platter to humus (the cheaper option) as we are vegetarian. 
Was so dear thought i was in Mayfair London. Only go here if your the Beckams the out sides on a main road 
The Sunday roasts sounded so appetising on the menu - with lovely accompaniments. Sadly the beef and lamb appeared to have been cooked pre sliced - in the way of a school dinner - and were of no better quality. The vegetables were disappointing too. £17.95 for the trio of roasts - all in all - a lot of money to pay for a nice yorkshire pudding! 
One of the worse restaurant I have ever been to, extremely over priced and not even worth the hype because it’s tasteless and also we have to also pay service charge for the bad customer service we receive there, it’s better if you guys just cook and eat at home rather then going there. 
I rang last Saturday and made a reservation for this coming Saturday. Yesterday got a call from a very rude lady who cancelled our book for 4 for a group event  
It's a Shame I never took a picture. I mean I appreciate how difficult it is these days for the hospitality/ restaurant sector. That's why I went out with a friend to support a local independent restaurant. But what I was served last night was quite simply 1 of the worst meals I have ever eaten out. & certainly the worst Lebanese meal I've ever eaten. My advice is to avoid this place! How can you pay £13.95 for lamb and chicken. Only to receive a microwaved mess of what tasted like offal stew.... 
Extremely unpleasant rude staff, do not waste your money. I most definitely will not be going back as there are much better Italian restaurants in Central London. Train your staff properly on etiquette and customer services. 
First and foremost, if your ever in Romford and looking for somewhere to eat, heads up, slug and lettuce is just next door or McDonald’s, either one would be better than this place. I went for dinner here with my boyfriend and from the customer service to the food, it was all just horiffic . The gentleman that greeted us at the door to be seated told us asked us if we had a reservation, to which I responded with no, he returned to say, I have a table for you but you have it for an hour and 30, that’s fine (FYI - once we had finished eating this place had loads of empty tables) not pile ours was actually reserved. Anyway, dumped the menus on the table together with a piece of paper to complete, didn’t say a word, just minced off. The gentleman that took our drinks order was the most polite person there, tall, slim, dark hair (sorry didn’t catch your name). We ordered a beer, house red and two pizzas. My wine was disgusting, it tasted like a fizzy merlot that had been sad there for weeks. I ordered a funghi pizza with proscuitto. FIRST OF ALL, HAM, ISNT PROSCUITTO. Ham are thin slices of meat not ham slices for sandwiches. There was more cheese on this pizza than anything else. It was horrible. I was so hungry and forced it down because at 8pm, we had no other choice but to eat after ordering. The greatest insult is that all of that cost £40. WHAT!!!!!! I can eat at Franco manca for a LOT cheaper with much better quality food and service. I will never step foot into this place but it shocks me that this spot is ranked number 2 on here!!!!!!!!! WOW 
having pre-booked on line for my daughters birthday on the 7th October. the whole experience was terrible from where we were seated was very cramped as there was 16 of us, and it meant I had my back to some family members. I have eaten at the George before and highly recommend it to family and friends. but this time was somewhat let down. one meal was sent back as the chicken tasted awful. the roast potatoes are normally the best were served 10 minutes after our meal was served, most of us had given up waiting and started their meal so they wouldn't be cold. when they came out they were so hard I couldn't even cut them with a knife. although we made the best of it because it was a birthday. I felt I had to ring the George and express my feelings on speaking with the owner and telling him of our experience, i only got an apology, considering our bill was nearly £500 I thought he might of invited at least myself back to put it right. they also added a very high service charge to our bill, that I got taken off on the night, staff didn't do a good job and feel this should be at the customers discretion. I don't remember getting this on previous visit's. I won't be going back again. 
Cash machine above hospitality.  
I am very upset at this restaurant, being pregnant I went to eat caltzone, I called before going two hours before and I said if we can book us a meal for 5 people, they said they do not take place but still come that maybe a meal will be released .. we went and when we arrived they told us that I have nothing and to come later, specifically that there were a few free meals, we went shower we walked after about an hour we we went back and asked again, the tables were still empty, they told us they still didn't have seats because the tables were reserved, I left the number for the first time and I told them that if something was released they would call us ... after about two hours and something after the tables were unoccupied they called us to come, we had already ordered food at another restaurant face to face with ciao bella, so it is impossible to refuse customers twice and sit with empty tables, they are very upset and I will never go again, every time they have tables with the reserved sign, but the tables are not really reserved, re fuse clients, note 0 
These was take away orders both an epic fail . First one was from Gidea Park was told an hour for delivery. Two and a half hours later our order had arrived of course if we was told this was the wait would never of gone ahead . Month later we tried the Harold hill branch arrived in the allowed time but minus the chips and the lamb casserole was disgusting mainly just veg and chewy lamb . 
This is by far the worst tasting menu that we have experienced in 15 years. Our visit was eagerly anticipated, particularly as it had to be postponed twice because of Covid-19. First the good points - the welcome was very warm and the service good, even if somewhat over the top. The amuses bouches were inventive and served on very elaborate platters which made them look wonderful. However their rather bland flavours did not live up to their artistic presentation. 
I was so excited go to eat food from a female chef — but a top chef she is not. Not my cup of tea. Very plain and ordinary 
This place is simply overestimated. It might be ok for shisha (I didn't try it) but it is certainly not a restaurant. Probably the food was heated in microwave but it was ok. For a shisha place. The stuff was really friendly but the place was too noisy due to football game in TV. 
Went to Caio bella for lunch,  
I visited the George for lunch yesterday with friends, I am (but now WAS) a regular customer.... I must say that the quality of service is a real dive. We arrived at the restaurant (party of 4). There was a party of 2 also waiting (both parties had no reservations)... whilst waiting we could see they were being offered many tables from 2 seaters to 4... but when we asked the response was “sorry we are fully booked” ... whats even more ridiculous is that at the same time they were offering a 4 seater table to the party of 2 and next to the table of 4 was a free unreserved table for 2... When I queried this they just looked straight through me like I didn’t even exist. After the other party of 2 had sat down at the table for 4 they then said to us... “oh you lot can go to the bar side as that is all there is” ... not even an once of remorse or shame because they knew what they had done. I was about to leave but my wife convinced me to stay.... but wait... its gets worse... so we sat down and the waitress asked us what drinks would you like... I politely asked for the wine list (I think they thought I knew the wine list off by heart!) .... ordered a bottle of Rioja and she came with it and simply plonked it on the table, she was about to walk off when I said, don’t you want me to try it... (normal protocol at a restaurant when you order a bottle)... followed by an interesting moment when we looked at each other for around 5 secs and then she said “oh...you want me to open it for you”.... WOW ... I could not believe what I heard and we looked at each other in disbelief...thankfully the bottle of wine was ok ... didn’t see her after that as another waitress carried on the service...I don’t know what her problem was but 2 things for sure... its really unacceptable to treat paying customers differently and when you serve someone a bottle of wine... they need to try it and by the way...please open it for them... sorry Ben ... looks like some of your staff are letting you and the place down. 
Don't normally leave bad reviews but this time will make an exception.  
Reviews were enticing but reality is different. Just moved to the area so decided to have a go. We reserved table for four at 7 pm. Restaurant was full of smoke, extraction didnt seem to be working. Meats were of poor quality and service was very slow. Have visited meze mangal in romford and quality is much better. Have much to improve. 
Went today for lunch after a recommendation . Was busy birthday party Ect but was offered a table straight away tho we chose to have a drink in the garden first which was pleasant. Was given a lovely table for lunch then that was it! Totally ignored! Waited patiently for a menu or drink! People who came in after us had to ask for a menu. We left very disappointed and hungry! 
I go here twice a month. 
Reviews make it look good but reality is very different. This kebab shop is small , just a shop with some tables. Food is very standard for a place of this kind. Cheap cuts of meats, cheap wines, cheap furniture. Had much better kebab at melih in Chadwell heath. Cannot recommend this restaurant to my worst enemy 
The restaurant has a limited menu and very imaginative in creating vegetarian dishes. The wine list has a greater scope than the food and, certainly, what we drank was good. The staff are attentive. The big drawback is there are too many tables meaning diners are on top of each other. There is not much spec between the backs of diners. One table being slightly loud overwhelms the conversation of others. On balance, whilst on most metrics I would like to return, the crowding is just nit worth it. 
I went with my family to celebrate a birthday, being the only vegetarian in the group I really struggled with the menu. I only had 2 options from the main menu, one being a salad and the other a Wellington that included nuts. I had the The Wellington and a broccoli soup to start and both were bland and left me unsatisfied, mostly everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their meals however I would avoid the restaurant if you are a vegetarian.  
We went in at 2:30 afternoon not busy half of pub empty. However we were told they don't take walk-in only booked customers. Staff did not offer any other alternative.  
Dinner here Saturday night. Veal was quite nice but mussels ordered had to be sent back. Very overcooked. Chewy and disgusting. White wine sauce tasted like a packet cheese sauce. Absolutely inedible. Thankfully we weren't charged for these. We were offered an alternative but did not want to try anything else. Restaurant was very busy so obviously some dishes were well cooked. Staff were apologetic. Had looked forward to eating here but very disappointed. 
We have popped it for my friend leaving do. 5 people. We were sitting in one of the sofa waiting to order, very excited to have this evening which we looked forward.  
So I’ve just had family lunch in the ciao Bella , I came back because the service and food was very good and I had such good night when I came here couple years ago . Unfortunately today was the opposite , its suppose to be a family run business with good home cooking ? In a restaurant these days its all about the service , the staff have make you feel welcome and special , not here today: the order was taken we got our wine, got our starters, on you go ,no interaction , nothing..Was like we weren’t even there anymore !!! Then the mains came , over seasoned food , terrible service , I sent my bland special back !!! Such a shame from the last time £186 for our bill and we had to go to the till to pay our bill !!! Oh but the did offer us free limoncellos .... woo woo !!! no one ate their mains as it was too salty !!! Ok we should have said at the time the food was over cooked and over seasoned , but they really didn’t care , no service, no tlc , no compassion . We drove half way across London to meet our parents to be treated with such contempt . Such nothing really !! I’m very deflated and feel cheated . Won’t be back . Ever . I’m tired of going to restaraunts with their awards on their walls for excellence and it’s not excellent by any stretch of the imagination.. 
Visited with my girlfriend (who the waiter insisted on referring to Sir on a number of occasions). 
The food is lovely.....if you get it all. Our order was short of our Daughters meal only to find out after we had paid the driver. To promptly call back and explain taking over 5 minutes on the phone they would not deliver our missing 9 year olds meal. Over one hour later...no call back no delivery of missing food....never again. 
We visited this restaurant in December after reading reviews and live cooking, but actually it was a buffet in congested area. Service was awful as staff was not interested in service rather than chatting amongst themselves and food on the buffet was dreadful. We will never dine here again and will prefer to go to marks and Spencer’s or at the terminal for dinner. 
9 of us went today, 1st time visit. Staff very pleasant but after a rehearsed welcome but insincere customer service - No follow up questions even as basic as how was your meal? Just had mains which took 1 hour to arrive, no problem but disjointed so total serving even then took about 15 mins leading to luke-warm food. For about £12 fish pie was in a small dish on a bread board. Size not a problem as wanting something small and tasty. Tiny dish had 1/2 mash potato, lack of taste, seasoning. Plainer and drier than the sahara! Would have mentioned it if asked, but wasn't (even though I obviously only ate 1/2 of the dish). With nine others having a lovely time wasn't going to start complaining. Overpriced, under-quality but nice area to have a walk. Visit the Ankerwyke yew tree - well worth the walk. 
My initial review was made in Jan 2017 and I covered a series of points which the effusive restaurant manager assured me would be taken care of. 
I have been to Ciao Bella in Romford for a family dinner this Saturday and the service was really awful. 
Absolutely inedible, terribly overcooked. I have reviewed more fully in my review of Sofitel Heathrow. 
I've been there with my fiancée a few days ago after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. Well I have to say it wasn't up to my expectations at all... The food was bIand, staff was very inattentionate and was more worried about smoking Shisha with their friends than actually taking care of us. The place looks like a little cafe with really old fashioned tables. On their website everything looks very pretty but that's not what you get when you visit. Anyways, I have to say I was totally shocked after leaving this place.... And won't be back 
The standard of food here is just about the worst I have experienced. Two pizzas, two glasses of wine, £70 down. A complaint to waiter went on deaf ears due to lack of understanding of English. No attempt to deal with issues & I gave up trying. The pizza is basically a wrap, with tinned ingredients (mushrooms could pass for out-of-date snails). By the time the 1mm thick wrap was cooked - ie slightly burnt, the toppings were largely uncooked. 'Wood-fired pizza' apparently. You would expect so much more, as the hotel is nice. Avoid at all costs! 
Was looking forward to this after reading the reviews. I'm not a difficult guy, just requested 'skin off' my fish and chips. After much growling from the chef, the polite waiter came back and said that it was already prepared in batter? Even my local chippie can provide cod and chips without skin. Sorry it was too much trouble. We up and left and won't be going back! 
Left feeling disappointed - and hungry! Son ordered Chicken Shish, I ordered Scampi and Chips. How can you cock that up? They did. Son's food arrived in 2 minutes flat. I waited, and waited and waited. Finally got the 'Scampi' which was still frozen. Sent it back, got another cold lot of 'Scampi' which tasted nothing like Scampi. Cut inside it, and found some sort of fishy, mash potato / economy fish cake stuff. Certainly not Scampi. Waitress insisted it was Scampi and said 'I can give you number of my supplier and you can phone them'. No thanks. Ordered the Chicken Shish, which arrived with rice, cous cous and some sort of 'Salad' - red in colour and dripping with water and oil which ruined my food. All topped off with half a grilled tomato and a giant chile! Gross!!! Best thing about it was the bread which I had to eat whilst waiting. Never again! 
1 star is rather flattering for our trip to Virundhu... 
We chose this restaurant to celebrate our parents’ birthdays after seeing it advertised in the Optima.  
The hostess made us wait half hour with the promise of a table after that time, then changed her mind saying she will wait for the rest of the bookings and we should wait some more. Won't go there again 
So, we visited this restaurant for the 3rd time on Saturday for my birthday, my partner did ring in advance and say it was for a special occasion. Had a decent enough table in the front but that's about then end of where things were OK. Both starters were average , I had soup that had little flavour and my partner had the crab which you needed a magnifying glass to see the crab. We eat in high standard restaurant monthly so expect smaller portions but this was tiny. Now the mains, we both had lamb, which had obviously been cooked in a water bath which is fine but had not been put into a pan to get colour at the end, therefore the lamb came out looking rather bland with no flavour. The lamb was served with vegetables and thyme gnocchi, possible the worst gnocchi I've ever had, no thyme flavour and as bland as wallpaper paste in flavour and texture. We always have 3 courses but literally left within an hour of arriving . I hope to hear a response to this as I'm local to the restaurant and as I say this was my 3rd visit, m partner does not want to go back but I will see if we get a response first. 
food is basic and staff are rude. Guy at the front told us to wait until table was free, 20 minutes later saw us sitting and still waiting, came over and apologised and laughed it off saying he had forgot about us. 
We had dinner at its Vivre restaurant on Saturday, 8.7.17. It was a horrible experience with a hotel like Sofitel! We made our order including two pints of draft cobra. It took them fifteen minutes to deliver to us even though there were only a handful of customers. We asked for spare plates. It took them another fifteen minutes and yet they wrongly delivered to the next table. The next table received the plates from them but five minutes later, the waitress came to realise her mistake. Can you believe it? She took the contaminated plates to us. There was no free internet for use in Vivre. We asked but we were not given. We were left internetless because there was no signal for our own phones in Vivre. However we must say the surroundings and food were wonderful. 
We went here twice. First time we had chicken dish for main course and felt like they served the cheap parts of chicken. So we decided to give it a try again but only order vegetarian dishes. We enjoyed the variation of spices. But the service was just terrible. When the waiter collected the empty plates he knocked my full glass of red wine over me. Spilled all over my jacket, trousers, handbag and shoes. The Manager/Owner came over after i tried to get some of the red wine immediately out in the restroom and SMILED at me and told us we dont need to pay for the red wine. The glass of red wine his staff spilled over me! I asked him if he has any idea how difficult it is to get red wine out of clothes! No offer to pay the cleaning bill! If you dont know how to treat customer you shouldn't be in that business. My clothes were more expensive than the whole meal but you tell me i dont have to pay for the spilled glass of red wine!  
Food was just ok, had the sirloin steak that was about half a centimeter thick, so could not cook it to my liking, and watch out they add A 10% SERVICE CHARGE to your bill without you asking. So would not go there again. 
Great warm welcome from James, who had the front of house running like clockwork. 
We chose this restaurant as it is rated in the top two in the area. We booked a table for dinner and received a warm and friendly welcome. Our drinks arrived promptly. 
Had lunch with the family. Overpriced restaurant! Not as nice food as in Grumpy mole in Banstead.  
Name says it all ! If you want to be a grumpy mole this is the place! Bloody rude staff and overpriced frozen food 
We’ve been making a effort to try out Turkish restaurants in our area and my husband and I visited on a Saturday night and booked a table in advance. We arrived promptly at 8pm and were seated at a table for two which protruded into the central gangway. We were so close to our fellow diners on our right we may as well have been with the. To our left, we were constantly jostled by passing staff and customers, with dirty plates, washing up bowls full of cooked rice and meat being whisked past within centimetres of our faces. It was loud, with loud music doing competition with the clientele. Our first course was served within minutes of ordering and was good (calimari and cheese pastry parcels) but our second arrived before we had finished our first and our plates whisked away. Both main courses - a vegetarian moussaka and a mixed grill were lukewarm but the flavours were good. The beer was flat and warm but house red good. We were offered desserts as our main course plates were removed, rather than being given time to digest and we were back on the pavement at 8.55pm - 55 minutes after arriving. A pleasant and intimate evening it was not - there was no care taken over us as customers, we felt like inconveniences to be dealt with and got out as soon as humanly possible. Needless to say, we left no tip and were hugely disappointed in this particular monthly date night. It saddens us to leave poor reviews but on this occasion, it is deserved. 
Ghastly place. Army canteen style seating serving army canteen food. Dreadfully noisy and charmless establishment. Too noisy for civilised conversation. Asparagus starter a mushy mess. The lasagne main a solid lump with tasteless cheese draped all over it. Tasted stale as though it had been made some time ago and warmed through quickly in a microwave. Couldn't leave quickly enough. 
Won’t be going back again over priced and service was terrible and pizza was so thin and no cheese on it and salad was all soggy , stay clear at all cost over priced  
OK so the food was good - but the service was amateurish at best. My real complaint is that we went there as we had been given a voucher as a wedding present. The voucher covered the tasting menu with wines to compliment each dish - when we gave the voucher we were told that the prices had gone up since the voucher had been bought, therefore we needed to pay the difference - note that there was no mention of price on the voucher. It wasn't a huge amount of money, but it cheapened the experience. 
This restaurant is OK but it is not good. I was not impressed with the freshness of the bread on the table nor by the fact that the white wine was not properly chilled.  
I had pre-booked this restaurant 3 weeks ago for my birthday meal with 5 friends for the 15th Nov. 
This restaurant is located inside the Sofitel Hotel at London Heathrow. This is where we spent a night and had a dinner at this restaurant. The experience was extremely bad...at least the buffet, which is what we had. No selection whatsoever to speak of and the food that was there was not edible in my opinion. Everything ( the little that was there) was fat, unhealthy looking, no flavor, and in many cases, just leftovers...so we had to just get crumbs of food ....it was disgusting and quite frankly, shocking, for a restaurant inside an otherwise very nice hotel. Needless to say, we left everything on our table and left the place within 5 minutes. I do not recommend spending your money here. 
We stayed for one night at the Sofitel - as a family. We ate at the Vivre for dinner. 
A very poor experience. Staff were inexperienced and scarce. Pitifully slow even rude service. Restaurant too crowded. Obviously proprietor more concerned about making money than providing real quality. Trying to pack in too many tables and employing too few staff. And food when it eventually arrived was on the poor side of average. 
Our table was cleared but not cleaned. We asked the waiter to clean the glass top. He only cleaned the first part of the table because the people before us were only two people, so he only cleaned the part of the table where they sat. We were 6 people so we had to ask him to clean ALL the table.  
The lady behind the counter who thought it a good idea to shout at me infront of my child is in the wrong job. I decided to leave without buying, even the customers standing outside commented how rude she was. Yes we are in the middle of a pandemic but I do not need to be shouted at to put a mask on when clearly it was in my hand ready to be put on just a delay as it had got caught on something in my bag. Disgusting way to treat a customer. 
After seeing the reviews I was looking forward to visiting this place. The risotto was dry and bland. Did not like it all. Very disappointed. I would not go back. The total bill was £60 for the two of us. Starter and main. I was quite annoyed paying this as it was a terrible meal which I did not finish.  
I've been to Skewd twice: both times with different groups of friends. The first time, the restaurant tried to charge us for tap water. They offered us tap water (their words) which we accepted. When the first and subsequent bottles arrived, they were not sealed and we're in refillable, unbranded bottles. We ordered quite a few bottles - maybe three or four - each time asking for more tap water and each time receiving the same type of bottles. When the bill arrived, we understandably made a fuss until the restaurant took the charges off.  
On 26th January 2021 at 6:30pm we called up Skewd Kitchen for delivery to feed my family and bubble of 6 people including kids under the age of 12 years old and two dogs. 
Our host had booked a table for 8pm on Sunday evening. We arrived (after walking over on a really cold damp evening) to find that this restaurant is always closed on a Sunday evening. We were literally locked out. So why did they accept the booking?? 
My family and I went to The Green Man on Sunday(23/02/2020) to celebrate my 60th birthday. Everything started well, we had starters which were very good, we had main courses which again were all excellent, so I can't fault the food. We then ordered our sweets, but before they were brought to our table a very rude man, who I assume was the manager, said that our time was up as the next party had arrived for the table, we asked where he expected us to finish our meal but he just walked off. How on earth can anyone think that this is an acceptable way of behaving, accepting our order and then telling us that we were no longer welcome. I understand that they need to make money running a business, but they need to have another way of dealing with this sort of situation, simply telling guests that their time is up is not on. We had planned an enjoyable birthday celebration, but a great deal of the time was waiting for the meals to be served, service was very slow. 
We have been going to this restaurant for the last few weeks as we work at the crossrail. First two occasions we just ordered pizzas that were ok. Not much choice with beers and wines. Decided to try pasta dish on last visit, very disappointed as expected something better after all reviews. Pasta was cold, we requested to change but manager wasnt very happy. Italian guy had a real bad attitude. 
I don't often give 1 stars, but when the food is expensive i am a harsher critic. I am accustom to all arabic and turkish food. With this place being busy and expensive and high reviews i thought the food was going to be excellent. The place was packed and busy, everyone enjoying their wines. 
they had done nothing about the covid 19except put hand sanitizers on the table  
I've eaten at Cappadocia several times and always enjoyed the meal but will never go back after our experience yesterday. My family (Wife & 11 year old Daughter) ate at Cappadocia on Weds 26th August from 2.25 to 4.41 pm. My daughter is Coeliac and needs to follow a strict gluten free diet. This was explained several times to various servers yesterday and we were promised that the meal was gluten free.  
In memory of a good restaurant. I have never experienced or had such a dreadful service I had on Saturday night. We were given a table right by the entrance to the toilet , having previously asked for a table upstairs three weeks prior to our visit. Our starter took over thirty minutes, our intermediate dish never turned up. When I raised my concern I was disappointed with the response. Needless to say won't be rushing back . What has happened to a once good restaurant . 
What has happened to this wonderful restaurant we have been coming for 30 years? Dreadful service tonight. Booked well ahead Asked for a table upstairs as usual. Given a table downstairs next to the toilets. Waited over half an hour for starter. Another 30 mins and our oyster course had still not arrived when we queried it our main course was brought to our table. We said still waiting for our oysters. The waiter was rude and we entered an argument about the service. They took the main course away and promised our oysters. Not acceptable as this gave us just 50 mins to have our meal before 10pm. So at this point we walked out. I don't think we will be returning to this once excellent restaurant. 
Recent visit with business client. Never again, food lukewarm, waiter was arrogant, overall service was crappy. 
Decided to get a delivery in...big mistake. 
Very disappointed - no corvid distancing - table of 8 next to us. Far to many people in the restaurant. Queuing to book in. Service was very slow waited 15 min to remove empty plates. This was our first visit since lockdown but will not return. Food was good. 
Our 1st visit about year ago was great however yesterday it was a big disappointment! Our share platter starter - meat was dry no dressing on salad not worthy for £15. My chicken shish for main was undercooked. They were very apologetic and I understand that we all make mistakes however our eve was ruined. Ended up paying £50 for the rest we ordered but simply waste of money !! 
I was v hopeful about Dennys restaurant from the reviews , however we were very disappointed the restaurant had a funny smell! The food was mediocre the lobster was pre prepared and then placed back in the shell, we suspect the same lobster is used for all 3 dishes on the menu and is not fresh. 
Food was very nice BUT portion size definitely wasn’t enough. Food is massively overpriced for what it is. Not great at all and will definitely not be returning 
Ordered fish and chips plus banoffee sundae. Fish was fine, but the chips described as triple cooked were actually dry hard boring fat chips, neither fluffy, or crispy, more rubber like and rather tasteless, like oven chips. 
Went for Sunday Lunch but didn't stay. 
I’ve tried this restaurant before and thought it very overpriced but decided to give it another go as it seems popular. 
My partner and I had the misfortune to have this establishment recommended to us by friends !! ( I can only assume they haven't been there in a very long time) . Before I go into a little detail,however, I would preface my comments with a simple caveat. I believe the most important element regarding these Tripadvisor posts are their preciseness and honesty. Looking at some of the other reviews one would be given the impression that the Cosa Nostra is an eaterie worth visiting. It most definitely isn't,other than for one reason,that is quite simply if you are part of a stag/hen night group who are completely unconcerned about the quality of the food you will be served.We are all individuals,and what appeals to one may displease another. However,there is a commonality that runs through all of us. That is a common sense realisation when something is simply bad. The Coas Nostra is simply awful at so may levels. We went there on a Saturday evening,it was very busy. The tables are pushed close to one another,similar to seating in an army canteen, be ready for the 'army' food which follows. Normal conversation is impossible, the background music is at a level which brings it to the foreground. Table cloths and Napkins feel reassuringly crisp,clean and robust. You'll soon realise they need to be when you experience an overwhelming level of runny cheese with every course! This was a common thread throughout the starter and main. My partner chose asparagus wrapped in Parma ham. It was ghastly. The Parma ham had been cremated and the asparagus was mushy. Cheese had been melted on top of it, not how the dish had been presented on the''specials' board. I assume they mean the food offered on this device is 'especially awful'. My starter was stuffed mushrooms. They were generously large,quite watery served with a side of very stale limp lettuce,covered in cheese. Bizarrely there was a slice of bread.......... Covered in dark orange cheese. We both had Lasagne for our main. An Italian staple,but presented here as a solid lump of old school English cooking. Stodgy, sickly (it left one with the after taste and feel of haggis/ stale lamb) way too many layers of pasta,a beef mince that was frankly indescribable in its awfulness. No hint of a Bechamel sauce. Has the chef never heard of a sofrita? It was swimming in a pool of.........sickly dark orange cheese sauce.The majority of this was left by both of us. Upon clearing the dishes the waiter asked us if we had enjoyed the meal......irony? My partner frankly told him it was horrible. He then shouted out 'oh I'll tell the chef,hey chef They Dont Like Your cooking'. He was a spotty young buck in his mid twenties with short hair sticking up. We paid and left. The prices are moderate but the experience left you with that sickly feeling airline food creates,and you haven't been flying at 30 thousand feet. I can only assume that reviews of a complimentary nature for this place are from friends/staff or stag and hen parties. The Cosa Nostra? Apparently means the Sicilian Mafia or in English 'our thing'. Cooking decent food,which is essentially all I'm after,is not their thing at this place. What they serve is of a criminal nature though. Please don't waste your time and money here. More a case of the Casi Nostra. 
Had a works Christmas meal here. Portions were tiny and food was cold by the time we were served. We paid over £26 per head for this meal and it was worth barely half of that. Very disappointing. A tiny bowl of chips served between 2 people. Burger served on a tiny plate with no room to put chips or coleslaw on. Wont go back. 
Probably best to go to your local kebab shop, you'll probably get better service too!  
After eating our starter we looked at an empty table for an hour and a half after complaining they were very sorry but it was a very unpleasant evening I won't be going back 
Food is not great, poor portions, massively overpriced for what it is . 
Very poor quality overall except for the oysters which where very fresh. However the mains very disappointing and mayonnaise definitely not home made and white sauce on fish heavy and seriously doubt home made. Vety poor quality overall. 
We ordered 4 Roasts and two other mains. Pork roast was just a crusty thick piece of bacon couldn’t cut it so dry and hard. Have to say veg was good. We were then told we were unable to order a dessert as the kitchen was being closed as they couldn’t cope with the amount of orders they had. Two very disappointed grandchildren who had eaten all of their dinner so they could have pudding. It’s like buying a ticket for the cinema and then being told half way through viewing it,you can’t see the end . 
Not a very comprehensive menu, waited over an hour for 2 steaks because apparently they are cooked to order (!!) and a table of 10 had ordered 8 steaks ahead of us. Expensive, disappointing 
Been to this pub on a few occasions over past 3 or 4 years with an ex work colleague. 
Noisy, expensive and just not good quality. We should have not paid in advance for their two course dinner through Holiday Extras. Had we not done so we would have splashed out on their Belle Époque gourmet restaurant 
I visit this restaurant on a weekly basis with family and friends and recently the food had changed! The fish is hard and not fresh and the quality just is not the same. I spoke with one of the waiters and they agreed that they have recently changed their fish supplier and the quality is not good. I have went back 3 times since nit enjoying and each time it’s gotten worse so I’m sad to say after many years eating here we will not be returning. I like to keep my reviews very honest and have wrote an amazing review in the past but need people to be aware when paying so much for a fish dish that the quality is just terrible now.  
I booked a table for our wedding Anniversary at this restaurant as we both have been many times with groups, but never as a couple. We have been very happy with the restaurant until Saturday. We were seated literally outside the toilet door down a small corridor. we asked to be moved for obvious reasons. But no effort was made to address the situation. its a shame, but this restaurant is now is not favoured by us at all. If you don't want to sit next to the toilet then avoid Table 8 before booking. But the restaurant should be advising there customers if this is the only seating available. 
Arrived at this cafe today after hearing fantastic reviews from friends and family only to be hugely disappointed!! The younger staff were under a lot of pressure due to overcrowding and were often being told off publicly in front of customers !! Good took over 35 minutes and coffee arrived cold !!! Will not be returning 
I ve lived in Laleham for 25 years so I ve seen the horseshoes restaurant go from a very average pub to the success it’s been today. I have to say that over the last few months there’s a new kid on the block “The feathers”, so all in all in Laleham you have two good pubs/restaurants to choose from. However, if your considering both my advice is definitely opt for the feathers. The 3 horseshoes thinks it’s a better option, not necessarily so! 
My friend and I had been so looking forward to our lunch at Core. To be chosen best female chef of the globe is something. We had booked a table, but due to a medical problem I had to cancel our lunch. During a couple of phone conversations the manager was adamant that he would charge my credit car £130 as I cancelled 45 hrs before the booking and not 48. 
Service fell apart and was completely unable to cope with the large numbers of people from a convention who were staying in the hotel. A depressing and chaotic experience. 
Very poor quality of food, COD on the menu is actually cheap Coley. 
Went for lunch today waited 19mins for order to be taken and not busy. And probably the worse salmon Nd cream cheese bagel I've ever had, well didn't eat most of it. 
I always support the independents business but this time at "The 1955 Club" was making me really DISAPPOINTED!!, 
Been there tonight for our 20th wedding anniversary and was so looking forward to it. But what a massive disappointment ! 
Chicken tikka masala is a pretty basic staple of Indian cuisine. Tonight the chef created his own inedible version of this disk and totally ruined our evening. It was cloying, overly spiced and generally unappealing. Even the papadan discs ??) were too peppery to eat. The naan tasted like pizza dough.  
we arrived in plenty of time for or table a party of four, we thought we would have a nice drink before going into the restaurant. the question at the bar was not massive and there were 4 staff working the bar so it should have been easily coped with but alas this was not the case. After waiting 25 minutes to be served I went to the Gents toilets what I was faced with was beyond belief. Some delightful soul had vomited in the middle urinal up the wall and on the floor there was pair towels all over the floor it was a complete disgrace, the time was 17:30 hours. I decided to make the staff aware as they were probably not checking the toilets on a regular basis, After speaking with the restaurant manager I was assured the would tend to the toilets immediately. The evening went badly down hill from here with an hour 25 minute wait for our meals, two of us had burgers that were so over cooked and covered in sauce we left them, the other two had the lamb special of of the specials board again this was barley edible had clearly been sitting waiting for someone to bring it to us as it just luke warm. Several times I went back into the toilets throughout the evening and found the Gents to be in the same state! we finally left without taking up the offer of the desert menu at 21:00 hours still the toilet had not been cleaned, so terrible food and terrible hygiene, we certainly won't be recommending this venue of revisiting ourselves! 
The title says it all. It was meant to be a special treat for mother in law, we have dined here several times before. However the place felt dirtier than a kennel with dog diarrhoea and dog chews on the floor. They tried to clean it up but the stench was awful. 2 dogs obviously have the run of the place. Don't let your dogs roam around where customers eat. We left and ate over the road which was clean, tasty and dog free. Don't recommend, sorry used to be so good here. 
Very very poor walk in no body to welcome me had to make a move to get some attention. Finally I was asked to choose a table. Order a beer and a bottle of wine so far so good. To resume the only good thing were the oysters. The rest very poor. Was to bad the lobster disappointment and the rest no to come back!!!!  
We tried this restaurant for a family celebration because it was awarded the best kebab award.  
rude and irritating staff very pushy and uppity two women behind bar didn't seem to want me there by me not wanting to eat 
Abit of a shame eating here. I’m only in Walton a few days a month and often come here as it was one of my favourites. Food was nice but service was terrible. Think the girl with dark blonde hair could do with a retraining on hospitality. I was sitting outside and asked as she was taking our order for water, she said I can get it myself as it’s inside on the table, so I asked can you not bring the water?? Her cold reply was no. Abit strange. I told another waiter who seemed the surprised about the situation, apologised and went to get me the water. Was just an unnecessary response to a simple request that wouldn’t of cost her much. Unneeded hostility. Really did spoil the mood. Won’t be spending my time here again. A shame. 
Our January lunch was unpleasant, which is incredibly unlike the Three Horseshoes.  
Staff serving food without masks. Hot starter turned up before the wine. Main dish was inedible. Social distancing non existent. Steaming drunk customers. It was more like a kebab shop after the pubs kicked out. 
Cold pizza and rock hard and salad was old u could tell and blimmy over priced also won't be going there again  
So I have again visited Al Forno in New Maldem. Food was excellent as it always really good selection..staff polite and attentive as always. Just spent nearly 300 quid for a Saturday afternoon lunch with family. So not even offered a drink on the house or even a proper thank you from staff on leaving. So Al Forno you obviously have enough trade even on a quiet Saturday afternoon... 
Very disappointed. Starter was fine main course vegetables not edable. When complained side dish mic and slushy. Saw manager and was told sorry but what can I do. Dessert made up forit. Give a bottle of wine when we left. 
Been here a few times but very disappointed with the food this time and there very very rude manager' I just ask about my food. And I told him' sims you have lots Waitress but not but not enough chefs we wetting 20 min four food' and he turned round and told' I have money and I employ how many Waitress I wan' I told him I don't care I wan too eat! And he got very angry � with and told I'm not serving you just leave' was so so rude ind the end them bring the food but I didn't eaten because I was Fraid them did spit on my food ��Don't think we well goo back again!!! So so bad manners!!!! 
This place has lost its way. The food was dreadful. It looked and tasted bulk produced and little care shown to it. It is also very over priced for what it is. Shame as this used to be a fun place for a quality meal. 
Peppery curry lacking any sort of favour other than garam massalla. Staff friendly, would never visit again due to quality of the curry. 
We visited with family.Horrible for vegetarians. We ordered poppadams. We were charged for the poppadams and separately for the chutney dips too - separately for each of us. 5 poppadams resulted in £11 added to the bill! Paneer Tikka was covered with red color and undercooked. We had also ordered Mushroom Tikka - 4 tiny mushrooms were served on a bed of uncooked onions. Do not recommend at all, especially if you are a vegetarian. 
Food was ok, service was served with a large cup-full of sarcasm! 
Rang to book a table for Sunday lunch, the manner in which I was spoken to over the phone was so rude I changed my mind. 
9'old friends doggedly ate their way through extremely poor food. All the dishes with roast potatoes had to go back to be reheated as we're solid and stone cold. Everything was obviously prepacked and just heated up in the kitchen. A long wait of 35 mins before three Christmas puddings appeared rock hard and stone cold. Staff were very busy. The manageress drove a hard bargain wanting to give the organising couple a free meal......this costs them nothing. Eventually small amount off the bill. Would never recommend it. Shame as good location. Does not live up to its description. 
A fixed menu meal for 9 was booked weeks in advance on a Saturday lunchtime. When we arrived the pub was quiet, this should have been a warning. When some guests Turkey meal arrived the roast potatoes were raw and so the waiter took them back. About 20 minutes later after the other orders had been eaten they were returned minus the pieces of meat that guests had started to eat. We have no idea if guests got their own meal back or someone else's but their solution was two pieces of turkey not three with one partially eaten. The waiter explained the oven had not been hot enough so hopefully those of the party who ate the under cooked stuffing are all well today. The deserts took 40 minutes to arrive only after we had asked several times where they were. The manager came and told us they were so long as guests like to wait between courses....well not 40 minutes. The Christmas pudding was not Christmas pudding and cold so the guests sent these back. The manager argued with us and eventually took the desserts off the bill as we had eaten the main meal. We are not vindictive people, we enjoy getting together for meals but this has to be the worst service and food we have ever had and for a manager to keep answering us back is unforgivable in the catering industry. 
I visited this restaurant yesterday afternoon. The service was average but my food was awful. I had the veal with mushrooms which was a terrible disappointment. I’ve eaten a similar dish in Italy and there was no comparison. I had to use a lot of extra salt and pepper just to get some flavor. How they can cook tough veal I have no idea. I for one won’t be going back.  
We are local to this pub but Wouldn't go back, crap service had to wait an hour said 30 minute wait, food was bad,stale, rock solid potatoes, and manager wasn't even interested, gave one meal off but still had to pay loads 
I am so disappointed that I have to write this negative review, however I feel that feedback is important in this instance. Myself and my family visited this restaurant while visiting another family member. There was a large group of us including our children. The table was booked for 5pm, our starters took 1hr 30mins to arrive, and the mains were also delayed. We left the restaurant at 8.30, which we wouldn't of minded had the service not been absolutely terrible. The waitress was an older lady who was aggressive and arrogant and when one of the family members suggested that the dish she received was not quite right the waitress pointed a finger in her face and told her that she was wrong, her attitude in general was one of disdain and I personally think that she must be a family member whom they have to employ because the lack of peoples skills that she possesses suggest that she is in the wrong job i.e. dealing with the public, we live quite a distance away from the who we were visiting and don't see one another as often as we would like, so our time together on these occasions is very precious to us. This waitress ruined this part of our visit! A self awareness course would definitely be on the cards should have her in my employ. 
My partner ordered the calamari for starter, turned up, was awfully chewy and bland, partner complained to manager, who shockingly said calamari is supposed to be 'rubbery'.... may I add partner is a chef... 
We have lived in the local area for the last 20 years and used to visit this pub fairly regularly several years ago. After booking a table earlier in the week, we arrived to be seated right by the door in a very dark corner. Staff were pleasant enough, although there was some confusion with the menu's. Eventually the fish starter arrived and this was ok.  
So we visited this place today with friends from abroad that were looking forward to a Sunday roast... we got there and only to be told that all roasts were gone... so we left to a place that did have roasts....to be honest for an establishment that is a Michelin star winner, I would have expected to have been informed at time of booking (via phone) to reserve your roast or better still have enough in stock!!! Come on 3 HourseShoes come on !!! .....  
Food nice but bad staff .Very rude and unhappy evening.I am unable to recommend . 
We decided to visit after reading other reviews. Restaurant was almost empty but we waited a long time to be served. We ordered a pizza and a pasta dish, dishes came 20 minutes apart from each other. Pasta was over cooked and didn't taste fresh, pizza tasted like something from supermarket. We were very disappointed as we tried to explain to waiteress but she just ignored. Wish we had gone to Mangal Meze. Next day my office mate was very ill. Stay away. 
Food disgusting staff very rude very slow service just avoid it Chicken tikka is just plain chicken just not a nice place 
We have been here before a couple of times. I booked for a family birthday. I ordered Dover sole, off the bone. In retrospect I should have sent it back. It was expensive, poorly presented and I don't think I got the whole fish. It was not properly boned either. There were five of us. Sometimes you don't want to spoil a family night out by returning food. I would not go back and would certainly never recommend this plaice (don't remember that on the menu). 
Overpriced pasta dishes.they lure you in with a special offer,once seated.out come the HEAVY OVER PRICED DISHES.its a trap.cunning and sly mark up of menu.what appears to be value for money ain't.i asked for some Parmesan cheese.2 tiny twists of the mill and they have the audacity to charge you for it.keep a watchful eye on what you order. 
Food is overpriced and that excites me, because i expect value for money! But nope, just average pub grub and quite disappointing, because the pub has a great atmosphere and a good reputation, but overrated food.... 
I'm happy to change the score of this review once the prices on the website change to reflect the true cost of the meal. I chose this restaurant based on the good reviews and the reasonable price of their menu. In the restaurant each item is actually around £4 more expensive and there is only 1 beer not the several advertised. It's petty I know but when you are trying to budget after a very expensive trip to the area it's a little annoying and easily solved.  
I simply asked for no olive oil on anything that I had ordered. The ingredients were listed separately on the menu, and it should have been easy. But NO!! 
We booked this place because of the amazing reviews - I'm now convinced they must have been fake. 
Went with my family to the Achari Restaurant on 
Absolutely appalling service, we could not have been more disappointed.  
Nothing on menu also expensive , I asked for Pie of the day , NO PIES , The menu was poor and very expensive  
We frequently eat here and hold family celebrations here but the food and atmosphere has seriously gone downhill. We took 12 family members here last night to celebrate our son's 30th birthday but the food was cold and bland.....Seabass was the 'boil in the bag' type and probably purchased from one of the cheap supermarkets....Lamb cutlets with rosemary jus was more like gravy granules with a sprig of rosemary on top.....More fat than lamb and stone cold !!! The quality of food was appalling. When we tried to rectify it for our guests we were met with shrugging shoulders as in like it or lump it.....The regular waiter Enrico seemed embarrassed to serve us as he knew food was no where near up to scratch. 
I booked this restaurant for a birthday meal for my mother planning our whole evening around the booking for 19:00pm. This was done via open table in the morning. At 17.00pm, a lady claiming to be the Manager leaves a voicemail on my phone stating that my booking has been cancelled. Upon a conversation with her thereafter, she did not apologise or offer me any reprieve instead stating that there was nothing she could do. I have used opentable on numerous occasions and have NEVER experienced this issue before. She was extremely RUDE. I have been to this establishment a number of times but i will NEVER go here again. Food may be one thing but customer service is what truly makes a place shine. Rather than hop out of your car into this place, hop onto the tube and venture to central - this is disgusting for a local place who should be wanting to entice customers rather than scare them away. Thank you SKEWD for ruining a birthday meal. You idea of great customer service is very much SKEWD. 
Very slow service. Waited an hour for starters and even garlic bread which when arrived was very dry. Ordered Gamberoni Nerone and I was horrified the king prawns came with the shells on (in sauce) this was not mentioned in the menu, put me off. Only beer on offer was Peroni, a large bottle being nearly £7.00. They also would not let us have separate bills as there was a few of us. Would not go again or recommend.  
Having been to this pub several times for a pre-dinner drink before walking across the road to Da remo a traditional old fashioned italian and also sometimes eaten in the Green Man. We were advised that there was a new Head Chef and the food was stunning!!. This was certainly not the case and we left after just 45 mins having eaten half the fish & chips we were served. The battered was greasy and the chips hard as rock and yellow inside where they had not been cooked properly. Very disappopinting indeed and a couple of drinks and it was £51. disgraceful 
We went to celebrate a family birthday having heard good things. We were lied to. The food was acceptable but the service shocking. Made to wait an hour for starters which they managed to get wrong! Then 40 minutes for our main course. The service charge on the bill was the final straw. Do yourselves a favour people, go somewhere else!  
The food was to an unnacceptable standard and the staff were not particularly pleasant. It was supposed to be a nice graduation meal but to be quite frank after wrapping my food up and throwing it down the toilet, I just could not wait to leave. Would not recommend but very pretty decor. 
The location is close to Heathrow and parking was easy. Staff were friendly. Cost average for the area. 
Visited this place on 7 June 2015 with some former work colleagues. The gink working behind the bar was reluctant to supply my wife with a menu., but she obtained one and ordered some food for us both. A lot of flowery terms in the menu e.g. "hand cut ships", but the food was nothing to write home about. The chips may have been "hand cut" but were also luke warm and greasy......McD's chips are far superior. One of our party asked for a menu and was refused and was told that if he found a menu himself and ordered food it would take at least 20 minutes to be served. In all honesty the pub appeared to have insufficient staff and it was not that busy. Give this place a wide berth. There must be better pubs in Denham. My last review on this `crap hole' was removed....DO NOT REMOVE THIS ONE 
Our first and only time at this restaurant was ruined by a cold ignorant female member of staff who without checking the book properly told us we did not have a reservation even though we had called and booked ahead for a special anniversary dinner with reserved table 
We visited here for a family get together. How disappointing. The pleasant young lady taking the order had to inform us one by one that our choices were not available. Once our order had been placed with the kitchen, she then had to return to say there were no hand cut chips available. We ordered a bread and dip starter (lovely bread) but, after a long wait, the waitress had to be reminded of the forgotten order, as she did with a drinks order. At least two couples, who arrived after us, received their meals first. Eventually we were told our order had been blown from the side and had gone, un-noticed, under the fridge! Clearly it had already been read because the waitress had returned to inform us that the chips were unavailable. One meal was delivered some 4/5 minutes after the others. All in all very disappointing having waited for over an hour. Finally, after the meal we were asked if we would like anything else and coffee was ordered. Yes, yet again the waitress returned to say sorry it is not available, the machine has been turned off! It was only 9.10 p.m., very early to assume those customers still eating would not require a coffee. My final comment, please drop the term 'guys' when addressing your customers! 
We have been here on many occasions and have always enjoyed coming here however yesterday my sister had asked for a gluten free dish(she has coeliac) and this was not served! After 2 hours of having her dinner she was violently sick for 5-6 hours straight! This is unacceptable!! We went back today to advise them what had happened as the last thing we would want is for this to happen to someone else and the man who we saw was extremely rude! They would not even say SORRY!! They took no responsibility what so ever!! And were shoving us out the restaurant! So beware if you have any intolerance to food before entering!! 
Saturday 16th April, I had a booking at 5 till 7.30 for a special birthday celeberation for 12 people. Due to the impossible parking I arrived at 5.12 to be personally greeted by cruella de vil, she rudely informed me that myself and the party were late And questioned, "where were there" I stated to her that it was a parking issues.  
I decided to go back to a once favourite eating haunt with my mate after a long journey back from Dorset. We did n't book a table and although it was a Saturday evening we were ushered to a window table straight away. We ordered starters and some beers which was n't a problem, however we waited at least 45 minutes for the main course. We noticed that at least 3 other tables who came after us were served before us. My friend complained about this and the waiter who later turned out to be the manager said the other tables did n't order a starter which was not a reasonable excuse. Only then did our main curry dishes arrived, had we not complained we would be still waiting! At no time did the staff apologise or explained why it took so long. The main course chicken curry was lukewarm as though it was hurriedly heated up in a microwave. The taste was poor and rancid akin to a cheap supermarket ready meal. Certainly not in keeping with a restaurant supposed to be of high reputed quality. What was all the more shocking was the attitude of the restaurant staff, they just did n't care about our complaints. My friend went up to the manager at the bar and he was nonchalant and disinterested. He eventually agreed to knock off some of the bill but at no time did he apologise. I'm shocked and staggered at how far down this restaurant has become in quality and service. One can only assume it had a change of management since I last visited it. Change for the worse and I certainly won't be coming back. There's another curry restaurant in Sipson which I would recommend and is miles better. I can only apologise to my friend who was paying for this atrocious experience. Never again. 
I have friends who live in the village and we like to meet there regularly as it's a nice place to have a drink but staff and owner appear spectacularly unconcerned about Gluten Free food. There was literally nothing I could eat and they really didn't care. 
Went there on New Year's Eve with a party of 10,got there at 7.30,got our starters at 10.15,main course at 11,25,another party of 8 got up and went ,discussing service ,no apology from management. Bill was 130 pounds per couple with no desert, At 11.30 the d j informed us that his speakers had blown,so no music to see the new year in. Management a couple of bottles of cheap wine or or a coffee on the house wouldn't go a miss,after all we spent £700 with you ,won't be back next year 
Had to ask for menu had to seat ourselves the food was shamefully expencive for a pub when I'm sitting next to a builder who's filthy and swearing. Very long wait for food and when it arrived it was just bog standard. Staff were not happy. Would not return again. Plenty of better pubs in Denham village to visit  
Waited an age to be served in an empty bar at 1.30pm mid week. Made to wait to pay for said drinks. Made a second attempt to purchase a pint of Peroni for my husband and a coffee for myself. Girl behind bar made it very clear to her colleague that she'd had enough of making coffee's and that it was time that he'd learnt. On hearing this uncomfortable exchange I cancelled my coffee, saying that it was too much of an inconvenience for her!!!  
We went on a normal Saturday night, no special event to swell the numbers, The restaurant was busy but not exceptionally so. The first thing that struck us was how tightly jammed in the tables were, our table was literally two inches from the next. The couple at that table could not hide their disappointment at having two complete strangers sitting inches from them, nor could we. The second thing that struck us was the volume of noise, it was so loud we could hardly hear each other, the scowling clearly stressed and unhappy staff must suffer terribly from industrial deafness. The foods was average overall. Some things that were adequate counterbalanced by other dishes that were vile and inedible. For food of that quality the prices charged do not represent value for money. In all it was an uncomfortable, deeply disapponting experience, The only reason we went was because we had been told that it was good. Our conclusion having put it to the test is that anyone who enjoys this restaurant is either used to life as a battery hen or on some sort of banned substance, Please do not go there. 
I’m sorry to say that this restaurant does not live up to the hype it gives itself on the website, the place mat also describes the atmosphere, food and concept as unique. It was far from from unique on this visit, with below standard Turkish food, ordinary service, the previous customers food remains still in evidence on the table and an icy blast every time the door opened (ourselves and others were dining with their coats on). So to the food, anyone who has ever bought the tiny chicken wings from Tesco deli will be surprised to know that I have found somewhere that sells even smaller chicken wings, my starter was 4 of these although it did leave me hungry for the main course. I was still hungry 45 mins later when the mains finally arrived. I’m not sure where it had been but it certainly wasn’t near anything hot as the lamb chops were only half warm. What I do know is that the waiter bringing our food put it down on the way to us to go and greet and chat to some new arrivals. The chops did taste ok but nothing special and nothing special is the term I can use for the whole experience. I thought I would finish with a Turkish Tea but soon changed my mind when I spotted on the menu that it weighed in at £3.95 which must make it the most expensive Turkish tea in Britain. At £40 a head we left feeling like we’d been skewd! 
3rd visit to this restaurant and very disappointed.  
My friends and I regularly meet at the Three Horseshoes for an evening get together and almost always order the fish and chips. It has always been excellent but not tonight. The batter was very crispy and the actual fish portion was very small. On further enquires, it seems that the kitchen has recently changed the recipe to make the batter gluten free. Well, I for one think that they have made a huge mistake in changing a previous excellent dish and not only will I not be ordering it again I will advice anyone reading this review to give it a miss. To the management of the THS, please review this decision ASAP.  
We visited the restaurant on Monday 25 January 2016, this was our 3rd or 4th visit. The food is excellent but the service we received on this visit means we won't go back.  
I went to La Bettola for the first time with my partner. We were extremely disappointed with both the service and the quality of the food.  
Very average food 
Went to the Green Man last night for a bite to eat. Ordered some drinks which I thought were quite expensive. I asked how much each drink was, turns out that a small orange juice and lemonade was £3.60......I couldn't believe it. Upon questioning the staff about the ridiculous price of a non alcohol drink, no common sense prevailed and I was just told £1.80 for the orange juice and £1.80 for the lemonade. There was no manager around to take it any further. Anyway, a little later we went to order food and my colleague was told that we couldn't order 'for about 5 minutes'....no explanation. So we finished our drinks and decided to call it a day and go elsewhere. Won't be going back any day soon. 
the staff are friendly. the food poor but I don't think I'll visit again in a hurry. I found one prawn in my fish pie plenty of mash nothing else... 
Visited this pub for a family meal, the food looked pricey but thought we would give it a try as the food used to be good under previous management . The food came and was a real let down , there was little taste to it and small portions . I complained to the waitress and she did not offer any sympathy at all and just turned her nose up at us so I decided to go to the manager however it quickly became apparent that the waitress was trained by the manageress as her stuck up attitude was just as bad and left a bad taste in my mouth ....... Much the same as the food !! For the price they charge here you can get a much better meal in the restaurant across the road and this comes with a welcoming attitude too ! I won't be going back and would not recommend ,,, 
After spending nearly £50 on a take away we were left very dissapointed, firstly they forgot to include three of the dishes in the delivery so we had to ring them up and then they delivered them about 10-15 mins later so the main part of the meal was cold and then the three dishes were wrong but I couldn't be bothered to phone again also the yoghurt dip included had turned so overall very disappointed, we have had take aways before fron Achari and they have been really good but never again after this one :o ( 
We came across this restaurant and thought it would be nice to have a meal in so called 'The finest Indian cuisine'. It was busy so we hoped that was a good indication that it was popular. It was over an hour between entering and ordering the food to receiving it. 
Terrible experience at amber fort one star purely because the food was nice. Every member of staff including the manager not wearing masks properly. Manager wore mask over mouth but not nose, rest of the waiting staff just had them hanging around their chins. I felt very unsafe. 
I asked for a little more Parmesan cheese on the spaghetti and the waiter would hesitate to serve it, sprinkled 2 small tablespoons' of Parmesan and walked away in a hurry. I had to get up to ask for more Parmesan as she had taken the cheese container with her. She went ahead and served 2 more tablespoons. I asked for a little on a plate, and got just that, a little.  
I visited with my girlfriend in August/September 2014 having read the mainly glowing reviews on TA 
Mostly frozen reheat, service non existent and waiters uninterested. A complete contrast to thief other branch in Wimbledon (not sure if linked) 
Our food was indelible & when brought to the staff attention the response was rude & uncalled for. We will never venture in here again!!!  
Hope this email finds well owner of zayani, your staff might delete it before you see it 
Booked a table weeks in advance as had previously been to restaurant and was great food and staff. With my family I paid 80pounds in a taxi to get to and from the restaurant. When we arrived we went to the front door. The waitor pointed to go to back door. When I got to door it looked to be locked as to door was stuck to the door frame. The waitor came over and kicked the door in to let us in. He never said hello just said do you have a booking in an agreesive rude tone. 
I love coming to this pub for a drink especially in the summer when you can sit outside and enjoy the view of the river. I took some friends here on a Friday night for food and drinks, I have never eaten here before so was very much looking forward to it. I ordered the ribeye steak - rare and I have to say it is the worst steak I have ever eaten! It was extremely over seasoned and felt like I was just eating salt, the cut of meat was not nice at all and was no where near the rare that I ordered, more bordering on medium-well done. Unfortunately 1 of my other friends ordered the same steak which again was overly salty. Very disappointed especially because my friends were visiting from outside of London so I now wish I had taken them elsewhere :(  
I called this pub this evening to see what time their bar was closing for New Year's Eve and to my surprise the woman who took my call was firstly hesitant to respond to my query and then said they only let people in who are known to them. Shocked, I went on to ask if this policy was on their website, she was unable to answer and eventually told me they close at 00:30. I found the service was extremely dismissive, we will NOT be visiting this bar/restaurant at all. There are so many pleasant bars in Chiswick which offer an excellent service on the phone and in person, it's a shame this standard was not met on this occasion.  
This used to be a lovely restaurant but over time has gone down hill  
We have eaten here many times but this time was absolutely disgusting! They said they could for us in and then they said they couldn't. We managed to get a meal in the end but I ordered a calzone to share with my daughter. First it came out stone cold and then they brought another one out and it was cold again. I had to eat it as I was starving and we had a time limit. When I complained to the manager he practically came over and called me a lier. My husband is a chef and I know my food!! The filling was not melted and they had just burnt the top and said it was hot. 
we booked this restaurant to celebrate a birthday. We were given 6.45pm slot and when we arrived we were given 5 mins to order our food and drink. We were told they kitchen is closing soon although we personally reconfirmed this booking at 4pm the same day, there was no mention that they are running out of food! and the kitchen will close. Why did they confirm our booking ?? It is the most embarrassing evening as it was a special ocassion and we invited 4 guests. DON'T GO THERE very very bad experience. We left and went to the City Barge it was EXCELLENT food really delicious, service very good ....Bell and Crown go there to learn how they manage the business. A very stressful evening created by Bell and Crown save by City Barge.we eat often at the restaurants and pubs along the Strand but will definitely AVOID Bell and Crown. 
We were excited to see that a new Indian restaurant had opened locally for us in Richmond, and had already had a flurry of positive reviews. We visited just after the first lockdown when there was a gap for us to enjoy restaurants again. 
Most atrocious behiviour.we ordered delivery in hotel. The order was delayed and did not come on promised time. The delivery man who apparently was the OWNER screamed at me because I had complained at the restaurant. I refused to take the delivery a d instead of being sorry the owner screamed and walked away. This was most rude behaviour. Never ever recommend it to anyone. 
can not believe this restaurant has good reviews!!! 
Heard about this restaurant is well known for Indian food. Went to try. The experience I had about food is awful. Food was tasteless, service is very poor as if they r forced to work. Never gonna visit this restaurant again. 
Booked a meal through their booking site online,  
The first time we visited the restaurant, the food and service was excellent, so I had high hopes when I ordered food for one to be delivered. I ordered at 6.19 and the docket had a time out of 6.49. After several phone calls, my food arrived at 8.10 pm almost two hours after the order was placed. I phoned after one hour and was told the driver was leaving. I am only 10 minutes away from the restaurant. He did not arrive. When he eventually got here he said he had gone back to the restaurant and the food had been cooked then. Obviously, whoever I spoke to had not been telling me the truth. I asked to speak to the manager but was told he was 'away'. Of course, when I opened the bag, the food was cold and certainly nowhere near the quality of the food we had in the restaurant. The small poppadoms were oily and tasteless, totally unlike the ones we had in the restaurant A waste of £32.85 for chicken masala, rice, dal, a plain nan and poppadums for one person. I would not advise ordering food for delivery from Chatora as their system is hopeless. Also on line a 20% discount is offered but when this was taken off my order, it came to less than their minimum order of £30, so the discount was removed!! 
Went here for a midweek curry with the family and I do enjoy coming here, but when I find a long dark hair in one of the dishes and I don't even get a sincere apology, just a replacement bought out 5 minutes later is unbelievable, which we declined. No more food was eaten by any of us. The waiter collected our half full plates without comment apart from asking if we wanted the desert menu . We requested the bill and the usual complimentary drinks was offered, the bill came for the full charge and when collected the waiter cheekily asked if we wanted change!! 
I went here with a couple of friends and my partner, table was booked prior to visit as all these 5 star reviews we thought best to. We were seated by an open door, not ideal being October. The menus were paper, and unsure if these can be cleaned what with virus concerns. The waiter asked us if we would like to hear his recommendations so we said yes, for him then to mention all the most expensive options on the menu - salmon, lamb shank etc (me rolling my eyes). We ordered some starters and mains. Didn’t take too long to arrive. The starter looked pretty, but was a bit spicy for what was advertised on the menu. I ordered a Red pumpkin curry for my main, and oh my, what a disappointment. It was basically the smallest pathetic little cubes of pumpkin which were still relatively hard, in a bowl full of sauce which swamped the pumpkin, may as well have just been the sauce. It was way too spicy, with a one chilli symbol on the menu I was surprised, and with a burning mouth advised the waiter it was too spicy and he went and got me some yoghurt (a bit of a wait tho). The yoghurt helped and I ate a little more before I got bored of the tough bits of pumpkin and the undercooked garlic naan. I ordered a vanilla ice cream for dessert as my mouth still burned and horrified that for £6 I was produced two scoops of ice cream which was the cheapest ice cream you can imagine, something you would buy in Iceland. So disappointing as at the price I would have expected a nice proper vanilla ice cream. So we ask for the bill, and for 4 with only 3 beers came to £155, which I thought was a lot. I checked the bill, and I had been charged for the yoghurt - £4 for some yoghurt to help me eat my food with the stupid amount of spice they put in my curry. I was so annoyed I said something and was told “we have to charge for yoghurt sorry”. I mean, not only was the food poor, but that for me was just out of order. To note - in any other curry house I have been too, if something is a bit too spicy I have always been offered yoghurt with no extra cost.  
service is good..... I've been eating Indian food since I was a child, so I know a good curry when I have one. The lamb kebabs tasted awful, low quality meat small portion size and not tasty at all. The curry was pretty tasteless and the meat was hard and chewy. Finally I found it overpriced with tiny portions. Plenty of alternatives locally  
It was our wedding anniversary so we decided to have dinner at my daughter's (ex) favourite restaurant. My daughter is 4 years old and loved the place because there is always a few dogs and she loves to play with them. In fact, the pub dog is on the pub's website. How it became to be my daughters favourite? Because I visited it with people from work and their children and then with her a few times. This time, when we walked i and were looking for a table we saw who I assume (but not sure) to be the landlady telling a person with a dog that she had to leave in not a very nice manner. After that she turned around and said that only children over 7 years old were allowed. We said that we had been there several times before so she very reluctantly said she would look for a table downstairs. After 5 minutes waiting we left. I can even understand double standards at some point (although my daughter was very disappointed and I had to lie to her so to not to tell her we had to leave because of her age). However there is a children's menu and it never mentions an age limit. But the thing I cannot accept is to be treated like we are not wanted in a place. Food, atmosphere , location may be good but if you feel unwanted you might as well leave. 
Visited after touring the castle, mid-afternoon. 
Alert- Family with kids read this post before you go to this restaurant. 
Ordered delivery, based largely on trip advisor rating - but meal was really disappointing. Every part of every course was bland to the point of being almost tasteless. Will not be again. 
We've been to this pub lot's over the years, location is great overlooking Thames watching the world go by however we tend to only get one drink and move on which is a shame.Generally your made to feel like they are doing you a favour, The bar staff ( male mostly ) can be almost dismissive of the fact you are waiting to be served and will carry on with conversations or other tasks before even acknowledging your existence, food service is of the same standard and expensive for the quality.  
We were very disappointed and concerned to find out that you guys fry vegetarian food in same oil you fry fish in . For customers who are vegetarian and allergic to fish this is not acceptable at all . People with allergies this is a life threatening issue . I orders chips and when I found out it’s in the same oil as a fish than the guy on the till were not helpful to change my chips to something else. Very very disappointed and will not be visiting again with my friends. 
Nothing wow or authentic. Food came nice on the plate , but taste wise nothing wow. Greek salad with rocket??? Had calamari for starter and prawns. Prawns were ok calamari not cooked. And really overpriced. There are better option in Windsor where you can have a really good meal at a decent price 
The concept of Chatora is pretty good - a fashionable restaurant with a nice menu. However, the execution is anything but. We went on a Saturday evening, and booked in advance, and were greeted to a table. Upon ordering and having our starters, we were asked if we wanted the mains now or in 10-15 minutes. We selected now and were given warm plates. The food then took 20-30 minutes to arrive, and we noticed that they had come to our table only to realise they had not made the right order, so walked away. We only noticed it was the wrong order as we could overhear the conversation, but after receiving our food late, there was no apology or any form of acknowledgement that we had been waiting a long time. 
Our second visit to the Pheasant after a not so memorable first visit, expecting to see improvements. Met by surly, rude staff and were served sub standard, cold, greasy food. The waiting staff were overworked and seemed totally unmotivated.  
Best Indian in Beckenham in terms of food quality are Spice Society closely followed by Wild Mango which is also lovely. 
Surprised to be charged £7.40 for one pint of lager and lime and a half of coke. I know that pubs like to cash in on mixers and soft drinks, but this will only encourage me to cycle the extra few hundred yards to the Bull. 
Went into restaurant on Thursday 15th Feb and made a reservation for Friday 16th Feb lunchtime.Arrived in good time Friday expecting the Zayani experience only to be told they are closed and don’t open till 530 pm.....although offered a table and a “ temporary chef would cook our food” we declined.We were informed it’s Friday and everyone gone to prey!!!!!Surely we should of been informed of this at time of reservation or something put on their website, totally unacceptable will NEVER ever recommend this place to anyone.... did have at least 30 adults coming to eat here in May on a convention but this shoddy service means we will go to the other local ACHARI Indian restaurant.........DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!! 
Overrated .Cramped inside dining. Anglised Greek not real cuisine. Limited drinks menu. Food served cold. Who serves swordfish with chips with salad on a cold plate with warm packet vegetables ??. Only 6 diners but food poor. Don't bother. Better places. 
You can't always go by appearances; when you see a nice pub / restaurant on a river, it's full of people eating lunch, the menu looks good, the atmosphere is buzzing, you immediately think your on to something good.........how wrong could we have been! We seated quickly, our drinks came quickly then nothing; we finally ordered and then waited 35 minutes for a bowl of soup for my wife. I chose not to have a 1st course. We then waited for a another 50 mins and nothing had come. We would of left there and then but it was pouring with rain and I was very hungry by this time. Eventually after waiting an hour and 35 mins our main courses arrived. We both had he scallops, what a joke, 3 half shells with 2 grey sliced up scallops divided between the 3 she'll, in some excuse for some type of cream sauce and a pile of lettuce, this was sold as a main course! I don't mind so much about the quantity, but when the quality is bad as well, this annoys me. All in all a memorable experience all for the wrong reasons.  
Restaurant is child unfriendly - we were turned away as we had a child. Very coldly told by the owner/manager that we will not be served.  
Not nice at all, would never spend my hard earned money ever again in this place.. shambles and an absolute fake place to be eating at  
Having read the reviews of this place, and how great the service has been for other customers I was looking forward to the experience.  
Poor food, arrogant service, drove past it again yesterday & we both commented, "never again, no matter how hungry"! 
ordered chargrilled meat, got pan fried skewer. not a fresh meat, likely defrozen. 
Really family unfriendly. I tried to go there with my 13 year old son but the only place we were allowed to sit because he was under 18 was in a tent outside next to the smokers. Needless to say we didn't stay. I'd give it less than one star if possible! 
I only ordered one dish - a starter - of barbequed scallops, costing £6.50. However, I was charged £9 for these at the bar. When I questioned this I was shown a slightly different menu which showed this different price. I was refunded the extra £2.50, which I thought fair. However when the dish arrived, there was a pool of salsa in the middle of the plate covered in cress and four symmetrically arranged slices of peach in a star shaped arrangement. Rather than there being four scallops as you might expect for such a symmetrical arrangement, I was given two and a half scallops. I can't believe this and can only assume that, in retrospectively downscaling the price they charged me (which was the price shown on the menu given to me) they also decided to downscale the number of scallops. Having checked Tesco's prices on fresh scallops I estimate that the restaurant are probably paying about 5-10p per scallop wholesale, and find this sort of behaviour despicable. I wonder what happened to the other half scallop. Cat food maybe? 
I was left waiting upstairs while a older man with white hair stood talking to some one for quite some time which was so very rude and unprofessional. Waited for my not very hot sea bass and served with greasy vegetables. The service from the staff in general simply was not accommodating and the final straw was that I went down stairs to the pub area and then very rudely served by a ginger hair man so after that I walked out and would never return back again. 
We went there tonight with my friend she’s is a chef and she carried a bag with her after work, my friend just moved from Greece and she didn’t know her bag had to be searched, she felt uncomfortable because she had clothes for next day in the bag and she thought the door man would take off her clothes , when I explained to her that the door man won’t take her clothes off she agreed to search it but the guy said “I refuse entry “ . We were fine with not getting in but we didn’t like his manner he was very rude to two ladies and we looked decent, not druggies !!! I asked to speak to a manager and he said I’m the owner and he refused to get me someone else to speak to. This is sad and very disgusting behaviour and we are very disappointed as we just wanted to have a drink after work. Magdalini and Theano 
Service good but Christmas lunch very disappointing. Turkey tasteless and came in a round shape like a burger. Roast potatoes were not roasted and hard, half the plate was take up by brussel sprouts, YUK! Will never be eating at Langleys again until they learn to cook! 
Quite disappointed by the service and the quality of food was average maybe I ordered the wrong dish but I wouldn’t order the rack of lamb it was dry. The bald guy had a an air of arrogance to him like he was too good to serve us. 
Terrible experience at Latino Tavern, greek restaurant in Windsor, far away from any Greece experience. Stuff is rude and disrespectful. Both, manager(or owner not sure who he was) and waitress treat us bad and made us feel very unconfortable and unwanted there evan if we were there to enjoy our lunch and leave some money in their restaurang.they talked rude and laughed on me and my friends.. Never felt treated like this in any other restaurant, we left the retaurant disappointed and will never go again!! avoid this restaurant if you like to be treated with respect while you enjoy your meal 
If I could leave 0 stars I definitely leave 0 stars.The worst experience I ever had in a restaurant.Not a Greek experience at all!Very bad service.We enter into the restaurant and we wanted to sit on the table inside cuz outside was raining and we were with a child as well and the owner asked us to leave cuz the guest from outside were having priority to stay,we accepted and we came back later on cuz we wanted a Greek Restaurant.The waitress was rushing us to eat cuz she didn’t have enough space to put the plates on the table and we asked if she can come after 3 minutes and she was complaining.I asked for a traditional Gyros and the owner or the manager was answering very rude.We ordered 3 lunch menus which came all on the same plate,we asked if we could have them on different plates and the owner/manager was answering very rude like” this is how you eat,it’s for 3 people.We saw at another table same portion as we had for 3 people:)Very disappointing.I wouldn’t recommend this restaurant. 
We visited just for a drink. The pub was not exceptionally busy. It was a hot day. The owner was running around and looked like he had taken a bath in his dress shirt. How disgusting. If you sweat that much, wear an undershirt. The person in front of me was served at the bar by the owners wife, even though he did not have a shirt on. The owner then proceded to really give him a go!!! Even after the guy left, he was still mumbling about serving him. I ordered, again from his wife and when I got my drinks, I clarified the price. (my right to do so). The owner again immediately mumbled that the prices were on the wall. What a crabby old man. It is time for him to consider another line of work.  
I've walked and driven by this place for years but never actually went in. We finally went the other day. I should have kept walking.  
I live very locally and I have been a couple of time in the restaurant and on both occasions I had a lovely meal but as far as their take away service, it is another story! Very slow to deliver order and not always up to standard. Local friends feel the same. Most of the time we have to wait 15minutes past the collection time. Yesterday was the worse experience ever. Ordered by phone a meal for two at 7.10pm and was told to collect within 30/40min. Knowing our take away has never been quite ready on time, we waited 40 minutes before collecting and arrived at 7.50. They made us wait another 35minutes. During that time we witnessed a very furious customer demanding his money back as he was still waiting after one hour. Having paid as soon as we arrived, we were in the same position. During the waiting time there was NO communication, apology or offering a drink as a nice gesture. Sorry but this is totally unacceptable how good the food is and as it happens, yesterday it wasn't. Food was lukewarm, scallops (if you could find them) were far too spicy which wasn't meant to be. Very disappointed and most probably will not return as a take away customer as they obviously can't cope with the service.  
Need to take vegan options off the description for this place as I called and asked and just got laughed at. Nice.  
Must be a restaurant on its way out... Charged me ££££££50 for £30 worth of food. And then tried deny it and say that poppadums cost £9. Lol. Joke don't go here. 
Ordered a takeaway got to restaurant at . 
Staff were so rude. Despite being neither too busy or too quiet, after we ordered our meal, a different waiter came over to tell us that the price of our order was too low and that if we did not order more, we could not eat here! Disgusting customer service.  
i know my review might not be even looked into when compared to the other reviews for achari but this review is from someone who never bothers to write reviews but this experience of mine has forced me to let my steam out. 
Just had the misfortune of receiving one of their wraps and chips. Arrived cold, which was not a good start.  
I'm writing this after a night of crippling stomach cramps, I attended the restaurant with a group and had a menu downloaded onto my phone ,I chose the vegetable Dolmades and past the information onto the party organiser. I'm not sure where the confusion arose but I was given the meat version of the same dish as a vegetarian of forty years I was obviously distressed by the mix up after having eaten several mouthfuls of the dish. 
We arrived, so looking forward to a lovely stress free Christmas lunch. It was a special day as it was the first time I had my children together in some years. 
Table filthy, food grim. Vine rice wraps freezing cold as if they had just finished defrosting. Tatziki was poor I make it better myself. Moussaka was ... not a moussaka, served with a side of cold flavourless cold rice. Tables packed very closely together no social distancing and the lighting is so bright, poor atmosphere. At least it was help out to eat out so we didn't have to pay very much. 
The meal started quite nicely but was the totally spoilt by a youngish couple without PPE waiting near the entrance for around 10 minutes to be seated. Due to the way the screens are setup they could have infected the 8 people in range! Then a waitress walked back and forth through the restaurant with her mask below her nose! On enquiring why they had let in the couple without PPE the waitress lied about them having exemption cards!! 
Went here for lunch only 2 other guest so not busy, the service was slow, the waitress was rude, I ordered the penne I didn't eat it as it was so over powering with garlic, had 5 other guest with me they all tried it and said the same you can only taste garlic, it was awful, when I told the waitress she said that's personal taste, didn't even take it off the bill, this was my second visit to this place, never again and I would never tell people to go here. 
We visited the Amber Fort for my Birthday this time last year. We waited over 2 hours for our food and although the staff at the end were apologetic it ruined the whole evening. This year stupidly I thought I'd give them another chance. It was my 40th so was hoping for a great evening. We booked for 10 when we arrived we were sat at a table big enough for 8 at a push so was squashed together and ended up sitting at the corner. Table was booked for 7.30 we finally got our meal at 9.15 it was ridiculous. They were taking so many take away deliveries. I had to ask 5 times for some water. They obviously prefer cashing in by over crowding and taking too many bookings then customer service. I never leave reviews but as it was supposed to be my special birthday evening I had to share my experience. They did deduct money off of the bill of their own accord as they knew it was a shambles. I will not be giving them a "3rd time lucky" chance to impress. 
Just tried to book a table for my daughter's 10th birthday and was told that you need to be over 18... not joking, not happy. 
We were disappointed with the quality of food and the service was poor. We will definitely not eat there again. Although it is near Heathrow there are better options available including Priya Tandoori.  
I was appalled by the quality of the food at this restaurant. I have been to mediocre Greek restaurants but none as bad as this. Greek food is my all time favorite and I have visited a lot of places but none that were this dire. The actual quality of the food and ingredients itself is below par and I am sure were frozen not fresh. Unacceptable. I am astonished by all of the good reviews. There is another Greek restaurant in Windsor with a less misleading name, perhaps i'll give that a try next time! 
My partner and i called up Amber Fort for a take away over the weekend to be rudely asked by the gentleman who answered the phone if we can 'order some food later on'. He gave no reason (but presuming they were very busy) but when my partner asked him if it was ok to just order it now anyway the phone cut off. We thought it might have been an accident but when we rung back and the phone was answered again, after my boyfriend simply asked if we could place an order the phone cut out again instantly. Then the third time we tried to ring they just cut us off without even answering. We are aware that they were probably very busy, but thought they could have dealt with our call in a much more polite manner and explained to us it might be a long wait before food would arrive for us. Safe to say was extremely disappointed after reading such good reviews about the restaurant. 
It looks so nice from outside, cosy, pretty and welcoming, but I hated everything about the evening's experience of eating there.  
3 course meal for two review: 
Visited with friends early Saturday evening. Was told we could have a table until 7:30 due to a booking, which was absolutely fine. At 7:00 we were asked if we had finished our main, and told we needed to have the bill and leave. This was done to other tables too, one of which the manager shouted over the customers to another colleague ‘I asked for the bill, where is the bill’ while they were still eating. It’s a shame because the food was outstanding.  
Had a table for 8.30 got our food gone 10 pm . Attitude of staff was” sorry not my fault” even the manager . 3 tables had their food before us even though we was there first . Absolute chaos , people surrounding bar area , no room and hoovering over our table while we ate . Food ok , got a free round of drinks as a sorry but we asked for that! Will never go back , sheesh is my regular Turkish and is far superior, no competition. Food and staff are on another level compared to meze 
Popped in here for a late lunch on a Saturday afternoon, it was half full so thought it should be ok... Bad Decision. The food is awful and to add insult to injury the portions are ridiculous. 
I went to the restaurant recently and I have to say the service was beyond pathetic. The waitress was rude and did not seem to care about serving us. I did not feel welcome there at all and could sense the waitress’ reluctantance to give us a table. For a family run restaurant you would expect the guests to be treated with warmth and I did Not get that experience. 
Ordered our food and realised that we would have been better off ordering off the lunch time deal, advertised in the corner of the menu. I was surprised that the waitress didn’t inform us of this like most restaurants that I go to. Tried to update order with waitress, but she stated the ordered had already gone through - disappointing response, but I accepted this. Souvlaki wraps came soon after and were relatively pleasant. Greek salad came towards the end of our meal after the waitress realised we didn’t have it. This was disappointing and watery with not enough feta and olives.  
Me and my partner visited this awful place on a day out in Windsor. As soon as we got there we were rudely greeted by the waitress who barley looked at us just stared down at her iPad.  
We ordered a take away in January 2018, collected it, got home and found all the salads missing. Phoned, were told the manager would call us back. They didn't. Ordered a take away in February 2018, told them on the phone about our last experience, collected it, got home and found rice, not the 4 chips we had ordered. Also punnets packed in the take away bag on their sides so several dishes leaked out. Phoned. Went back. Waited. Waited, collected the chips. Received an apology. No offer of a drink while I waited, no offer of a free dish, no offer of a taxi to put the correct food in. Told the manager would call us. They didn't. 
Booked for 14.30 for a Mother’s Day lunch, when I tried adding another person I was told that our booking was between 13.00 and 15.00! And best to get there for 13.30! 
Food was lovely but felt totally neglected! We have been here in the past and had a lovely time. Hopefully if we do decide to return it will improve. Also the barman had to collect our coats and he needs a personality transplant. 
What can I say!  
I used to love this place and recommend it all the time. But I found the food standards to have dropped and not what it used to be. I’m wondering how much of this is fresh and home made and how much is frozen. Really disappointing  
We travel a lot, but what we've faced at this place was a SHOCKER. After we got our drinks and appetizers, we were told we MUST order main course. It's was around 12 pm and all we want it is some drinks and small bites. Few different water's approached us and demanded that we have to order main course. The restaurant was empty, we were the only people there. We were forced to eat as fast as we can and leave. We have never see anything like that anywhere. P.S. food is require major improvement as well. Never want to hear about this place.  
God awful NYE experience. Portion sizes of food were shockingly small. Main course of lamb = 3 cutlets and some spinach. When asked if we could expect some vegetables to accompany we were told it was not an option. After 3 courses we were still so hungry we had to order (at extra charge) cheese. It was the five wafers and three tiny portions of cheese which was served as cheese for 2 which finally caused us to leave at 11.30 and even then the bill was well over £250 for four of us. 
Went there for a family dinner after almost a year. Was extremely disappointed with the food. Sauté potatoes were stale lukewarm deep fried round chips really. The wine sauce was unidentifiable red liquid not suitable for human consumption. But the rack of lamb was cooked well. However they failed to put on the spices,were very bland. My mum ordered muscles- they weren’t hot and the baguette was stale not fresh baked or warm and crispy at all. Other family members sides were the same. And the thai curry tasted as it was from a jar. Just not the standard we previously had Very disappointing in deed ☹️ 
Went for a nice meal - the rude bar staff pointed me towards the food ‘bar’ - there were eight people in the queue, after 40 minutes, when I had finished my pint there were still six! The food looked good, but the service was apalling. My advice is give it a miss. 
First impression was good as just walked in to the restaurant. Nicely setup , good lighting... 
Made me wait 40 min for takeaway to find out it's not been cooked was a mix up. No offer of any compensation just about 25 min wait. Poor. Luke 
We ate there recently and waited over an hour for our main meal and another 45 for our dessert. The quality of my fish and chips was poor. My bread and butter pudding at £7.99 was extremely poor. It looked like a squashed over microwaved mess with no taste. Not happy with response when I raised my concerns. Sadly I won’t be visiting ever again. Will now visit a drive through takeaway for quality.  
We were invited to this Restaurant by some friends who have been here many times. 
We had chicken masala with rice when we visited the Pheasant. It was the most blandest and tasteless I have ever had. Chicken was very dry and tough. Totally disappointed.  
Booked a table specifying that we wished to eat from their vegan menu (which they had been advertising on their website). 
I went there twice in the past and both time I was pleased so much. The portions were huge and the quality was perfect. 
We sat, we waited, we ordered. 2 hours later our main meal arrived . No apology or explanation from Zaza. 
Went with two other friends for bottomless brunch, the bill came up to more then it should of! We were charged incorrectly for our drinks the manager or whoever it is I’ve been in contact with via email doesn’t show any type of concern for the fact we been massively overcharged, I’ve loved the service I’ve received but this is a violation and disgusting to be charged for drinks we shouldn’t of been charged for, extra two cocktails when we were on bottomless brunch! So why am I being charged for cocktails?? charged for tequila we didn’t order! Charged for five shots of vodka which we ordered I agree that should be on the bill but then you have two shots of vodka that comes up to almost 20 pounds. That’s on the bill for changing a spirit in a cocktails, we were not informed we would be charged extra we should of been informed about this before in advance! I wouldn’t of changed my spirit knowing I’ll be charged for it the waitress just said that’s fine and nothing else. 
Good food but very very noisy. Had to shout to hear people on the opposite side of table. Bar was full and very noisy mare the atmosphere Bad 
Good Atmosphere, but not West Indian food. Dont be fooled. Sri Lankans, trying pass off as West Indian. Curry Goat , for example is never served with Rice and Peas... thats a No No. 
The pork wrap was soggy and horrible. Majority of the pork was just fat, I’m inclined to believe the soggyness of the wrap was as a result of oil. The wrap was so wet it had the consistency of baby food. Aside from this the food is completely tasteless as if not even a moment Is given to consideration of seasoning. This was a dreadful meal. Wouldnt poke this place with a stick again 
Tried to get table on Sunday about 7.15pm told place was fully reserved although there were over 10 free tables. 4 of us and another couple waiting behind walked away.But we walked past an hour and half later and same not many tables taken. They clearly didn't want our custom. Second time this has happened when tried to eat here. Won't bother trying again. Has anyone from ethnic minority background eaten here? intrigued .  
This is not authentic Greek food or hospitality. The seafood is obviously frozen (they claimed it was fresh) due to the chewy/rubbery texture and the fact that the octopus was slimy. If you want the “real Greek” experience then I suggest you buy yourself a cheap flight and sample proper Greek cooking and good Hellenic hospitality. We came away feeling disappointed and hungry, you don’t get much for your money here. The galloping diarrhoea that followed wasn’t pleasant either. Avoid at all cost. 
After reading the reviews, I reserved a table here for a mid week evening meal (7pm). Despite booking a table a couple of days in advance, we had to wait for 25 minutes before we were seated. We had to wait in an awkward little area near the kitchen and bar so we were constantly being asked to move as there was only 3 seats and people were already waiting in them. The restaurant did seem busy with a christmas party and we were eventually seated at a tiny table in a back corner. The waiters then promptly forgot about us! We waited nearly 2 hours for our starters, despite repeated requests! When the food arrived, it was average, nothing special, and the table was too small to accommodate two curries and two portions of rice! Due to the delay in being served our food, the waiters then were not very subtle in wanting us to leave as soon as the restaurant started to clear out (with one waiter even stating that they were closing now - even with other tables still being served their food!!) Needless to say, I won't be going back, and I didn't leave a tip!!! Disgraceful! 
Ordered Cajun Burger..order came was wrong. Instead of burger they got roll ..They changed it, however they just removed chicken from roll and inserted in burger . Went to complaint to manager ...he dint apologise and was very rude. Just said take your refund...I asked him to make another one he said kitchen is close .... and dint even apologised..... 
Hi, 
Really disappointed with the food and the service. Bland hummus, dried up chicken, gutless underripe tomatoes in very average Greek salad. No table check! Was seating near window stinking of drains. Never again. 
We went there after checking the reviews but found that there were very few Vegetarian options.... We ordered Popaddums and to our surprise even the chutneys served with them were charged... £1 per personThat looked very awful. The food was not as tasty as expected. We ordered Dal makhani n they got dal tadka with a spoon of butter on top. Service was poor. Overall a very disgusting experience ... Would never go there again and would not at all recommend anyone to go!!  
I came here with friends for dinner & wine, expecting it to be lovely, well I was completely wrong!! 
I checked the review on tripadvisor prior tonordering from this restaurant, but never again. 
having booked for prior for 12 people ...And having it confirmed we arrived to be informed NO kids allowed ?? ( i had my 8yr old grandson) To promote as "family restaurant " & noy allow kids ? 
Service very poor and delayed we had been there with two familes basically four children and two couples very UNHAPPY WITH THE DELAYED SERVICES AND FOOD WAS NOTHING GREAT. 
One word.... TRASH!! 
We used to eat here a lot, but my wife has discovered recently that she cannot eat onions in any form, solid or powdered. 
Terrible service. Having been many time before, and been pleased, we had booked to be welcomed by a staff member who looked around downstairs, realised no space and sent us upstairs. Sat for 10 mins with no one approach, my wife then asked to be served, another 10 mins passed with still no one to approach. Very frustrating to be ignored by lack of staff, and disappointing as we both have enjoyed previously. In the end walked out 
Booked ahead of time for my father's birthday..... Was told that we must have the £28 menu which is either the meze or choose from he menu. I was forced to have the menu choice as I was the only one who wanted the meze (min 2 people).  
Arrived early before lunch which was not ready to serve for 1.5hrs and was asked to leave because I decided to eat my own food. Even if I bought a drink I was asked to leave. I visit every month and the manager knows me and didnt even extend good customer service to elevate my experience. To make matter worse I was there st 10:15am and the staff did not advise that food was not served until 12pm, but the manager came along and demonstrated no customer loyalty or even asked if I had special dietary requirements to why I was eating OUTSIDE the pub. I wont be going back and with friends or family. 
If you want an authentic Greek meal then don't come here. Overpriced beer and bland food. Not what I expected after reading all good reviews. 
Terrible service. Asked to wait up to 30mins for a table. Seated 45 mins later. For the whole duration of the wait, there were plenty of tables available. Do not bother, plenty of other lovely restaurants in the locality with better food and better service. 
What it says: Children not welcome. Apparently they make more money this way (that's what they told me!) 
well well were do i start order drinks took 15 mins starers took 20 mins half way eating are meal we were told we had to leave . I ask why the manger said there is restriction i reply what limitation we were not told , that when we book .then the manger said three times i am the manger . I said can i have head office number he walk away form me ,one of his team came over and was explaining i said you need to tell paying customer when they booking then i said thanks for spoilt my birthday then the next thing we where told we can stay . 
Tried to book a table for five for the night before we fly from Heathrow. They won’t allow my 16 year old to eat there, since when we’re restaurateurs allowed to ban children?!  
We have dined here numerous times and while the food is fair, we have not been impressed with the service. Staff holding the door open for up to ten minutes, when groups are not quite ready to leave, thus making the restaurant uncomfortably cold for diners, very slow service etc. on our final visit a Christmas party included adults racing around the restaurant on all fours with children on their back and balloons being released and zipping about the restaurant amongst other things, which thoroughly spoiled our experience. When given feedback. Langleys failed to reply.  
If you are looking for an empty restaurant with no heating on in November and a half cooked meal that needs to be sent back to the kitchen, then this is the place for you. Maybe it was an off day, maybe it was the wrong phase of the moon, but the place was empty on a Friday lunchtime and in the two hours we were there, only two other diners showed up. We should have left there and then and had a pizza at Positano across the road! Never again.  
I had a very bad experience yesterday. I came there they tell me its famous but once inside after ordering we have to wait like an hour and 45 min to get serve. And this because i hell the wiatress many times and they tell us wait 5 min your order is coming until we get our food a 22:45. Once we get our food they make mistake in our order and as they were closing soon nothing can be done. So i spend very bad evening i get there at 20h45 and leave there at 23:00 and i just eat french fries cause my filet steak was bloody instead of well done.... 
The bugger were not cook propley. 
Absolutely disgusted that we booked a family meal after looking at the menu which has a children’s menu to be told no children are allowed in the restaurant! Think it’s a disgrace you can’t take children in! It’s not the ritz... it’s a posh pub at best!!! Ruined a family meal!!! 
Went there for some lunch and my partner was served a burger that she found Revolting. When she took the burger up there she was told sorry you have to pay for another one. I then spoke directly to the manager and simply said. “If you were served food you found disgusting would you pay for it?” His reply was “well we cant do anything with that burger you have returned to us” what an absolute moron thing to say. He then went on to say “we told you it had cranberry and Stilton cheese” my reply was “everyone including yourself tries something new, so of that was the case and the food was still disgusting, you cannot tell me its down to MY personal taste because it MAY have been prepared poorly by your chef.” His reply was “but we have a burger we cannot reuse”  
Four of us went here last night , first of all we wasn’t sure how the ordering is in this place , it didn’t appear to have a main meal ,instead it was just greek mezze ? 
We are a family of 4 and have just walked out of your Ruislip branch. 
We chose the Pheasant as a meeting place with our friends who were flying back home, because of its proximity to the airport. Checked though their website and found children's menu but there weren't any warnings about no children allowed in the pub or restaurant at anytime except on Sunday. Only found out when we got there. We couldn't eat there at the end. 
We had this delivered tonight . It was all stone cold . Flaming cow blamed deliveroo but that didn’t change the fact that my sons burger was a burnt dry burger in a bun . No sauce or anything. It was really awful . £54 for inedible food . Never again  
So very disappointed with my takeaway order! Ordered the chicken parma burger once home to eat meal realised the main part of the burger and reason why i ordered was missing! They left out the mozzarella meaning i simply had a burger some sauce and salad. They had replaced buffalo chicken wings with chicken kickers would have rathered my money back but wasnt offered this option. The whole order was cold and chips were hard. Will not eat here again and most definitely will never order a take away again! 
Some background info on me, I like Greek food a lot. I lived in Greece for over a year so I've eaten a lot of good Greek food.  
Sunday visit party of 8 what was serviced on the plate I won't give it to the next doors dog. very small tables, not pleasant at all 
Frozen cheese....prepacked food....slow service....massivly expensive.... Not any complimentary drink or coffee 
I got an old 10 pound in exchange that I can’t use anywhere. Very nice way to treat a tourist... Can’t recommend it. 
Lovely place with interesting decoration but starter was dry and bland. For main I had a burger that tasted terrible and has given me food poisoning. 
Restaurant a 5 minute walk from the office so thought I'd try it out for lunch after all the reviews. Walked in on a very quiet friday afternoon to meet a very fidgety waitress who clearly didn't know what she was doing. Ordered lunch from the set menu and a diet coke. Diet coke came pretty quickly. A minute or two later a big party walks in and same waitress takes orders. I patiently wait another 10minutes for my lunch and still no joy. Then the big party's starters start to come in. 
I went to the Real Greek in Windsor with my husband and children after experiencing a pleasant evening a few months ago at the one near Trafalgar Square. The two experiences were like chalk and cheese. Windsor was a real disappointment. The service was very slow and when the food arrived from the recommended set menus, it was meagre, poorly presented and somewhat tasteless.  
We checked out this pubs menus and they looked good, but not cheap ! So we decided to visit, both my wife and I and also our 8 year old son, on arriving at the pub, we were told that children weren’t allowed, we were then ushered to the back of the pub, and led through a smoke filled corridor and shown to what I can only describe, as a plastic tent in the carpark, And was told this is the only room you can occupy, we were absolutely disgusted in what we were offered, in today’s society I felt this was a massive negative on both the establishment and management, and for this reason we won’t be making a return visit ⛔️ 
Food was cold , the mac & cheese tasted like water very busy and crowded no social distancing at all 
EXTREMELY RUDE waiter when asking to see the menu and for a table for 2 people. He simply shrugged his shoulders, grunted and threw the menu at us.  
We booked a table for Sat 27th for 5 people. Arrived to find a very cramped table for 5 had bern reserved for us. Fortunately there was a single table next to ours and to be fair to the staff they did allow us to join it to ours giving a little more space. 
We walked in didn’t feel welcomed were sent upstairs to eat. My elderly mum could hardly get up the stairs. Service by waiter was not bad but the food was not up to standard the pizza dough was burnt tasted bitter and the pasta was quite raw.. no salt I have eaten several times before used to be good not anymore. I noticed only white faces were set downstairs and brown people upstairs. Very sad in this day and age. Don’t think I will be visiting there in a hurry. 
Food is great but the service is terrible. So slow and inattentive, waiters will literally never catch eye contact with you on purpose and just walk away. The manager there is so rude and they really need to sort it out their customer service. 
The worst food ever...completely overpriced...tiny serving size..tasteless and COLD...and we let Mike the manager know aswell and he did absolutely nothing about it but nod and offer us some ice cream and the bill came out to be massive for 4 dishes on tiny plates....such a shame that such people are running a place in the locality that it is..The meat was saw and smelly...the chicken was cold...even the kids meal was bland and tasted really bad....one of the servers told us that the chef has left..maybe they were right...would NOT recommend it to anyone! 
This restaurant is perfectly located in the heart of Windsor. 
I am very disappointed in the food and the service of this restaurant. I did not expect it to be that bad, I wouldn't come here next time 
I asked our waiter if we could swap out the meat dishes on the hot mezze as my friend was vegetarian. He said this was fine. We asked for the calamari, humous and spicy prawns and checked again that it was fine to switch them. He again confirmed all was fine.  
The door staff are absolute rude... they taking bribe on the door to let people who they seem to class high class... as it should first come first serve in the que the fact is they don’t care very rude door staff stay away from the place untill the change few door staff. 
Management should know its family place they should hire proper bouncers who know how to treat family on dance floor the way we been treated was not acceptable me and my cousin been drag by five security guards be bcoz of one guard who dont know what he is doing will not go again to this place where there is no respect for family at masti, it was management mistake who hore these guards dont go to this place just void 
I put this review up last week but I can see it’s not shared come one guys the reality is bouncers take money at the doors for ppl to get in who has no id . 
We have dined and wined at this place many years ago, just because it is the only pub around the area and GOD knows how they have expanded with marquees ,extension, etc. The bouncer/security guard telling people not to laugh ,not to move tables, not to stand and talk and laugh , telling you do this don't do that ! whistle him drinking in public WOW and then being told by the arrogant old man "I HAVE RUN THIS FOR £&£ "years. After waiting for 1.15 mins for a salad after spending over £150 . all i would like to say if you cannot handle the crowd and earning from the paying customers get out of the PUB business as people come to chill and relax and pay your bills . ARROGANCE sad. 
Came in for dinner with the girls. All of us ordered a salad with chicken. All 3 dishes came out with dry unseasoned chicken not even chopped up, something i would serve my dog. The manager was called over and started telling us how he had sold 4 today and were told how lovely they were. He then took out plates away and came back 5 minutes later stating 'i have tasted the chicken and i dont know what your problem is' absolutely disgusting attitude from a manager to get so defensive and storm off. Such a shame for a beautiful restaurant to be let down by such poor food and an arrogant manager! 
Do not go there. Security guards thinks they are running the show. As an Asian they treat you like you stink. I have had really bad experience with family. I would never go there again.Starter ade rubbish and treatment is rubnish. 
Tried to reservate, weirdest phonecall ever. We had to give a phonenumber and because we are not from the UK, we don’t have an UK number. He insisted a UK number but after a long discussion he finally understood we didn’t have one. After that he asked us for our creditcard details???? Like what te hell??? Who the f*ck ask their customers cc details for a reservations. We told him we won’t give it and he said it wasn’t possible without it. Very rude and unreasonable. 
If you want overpriced, inauthentic Greek food - look no further. Only thing authentic and fresh were the olives. Mains took forever to come out due to short staffing. We had really looked forward to the food as well.  
I went into the restaurant for the very first time.. The food was only ok The girls who seem to run the restaurant were rude and have no idea about customer service. I was very disappointed and the premises looked very dirty. Never will I step foot in there again. they probably get by because its a tourist town and get one time use by day trippers 
We visited on a Sunday afternoon and chose this because of the 4.5 stars on Tripadvisor.  
Went here a few weeks ago- had been a few times before and also many times to the one near the Globe on the South Bank. Service was impeccable, slight issue with something else but needless to say handled professionally and correctly by the area manager.No reflection at all on the staff here. Will definitely come again. 
Miserable staff. No atmosphere. 
We booked the bottomless brunch the service was terrible and slow, we had to keep ordering our drinks with diffrent waiters just to insure we got our moneys worth of the bottomless brunch. When the drinks did arrive it tasted just like juice we kept asking could you make it stronger eventually they listened, the food was average however the hygiene was awful the waiters placed thier hands over the glasses straws were handed to us with no tissues and the worse thing was a waiter put his fingers in a cocktail to remove something and then took it over to a table- Baring in mind this is COVID. I wouldnt go back here again very disappointing. 
I visited Masti for the first time for friends birthday on 27/07/19!!!!!! It was terrible from service to food, from very filthy toilets to all around hygiene, I now have upset stomach since coming home in the early hours of Sunday morning from the restaurant, the service was terrible on drinks clearing the tables after finishing our our meal, I did not like going to there uncleaned toilets as they were filthy all around, terrible Smell, dirty from floor to walls with small fly’s, the food did not taste good from Vegetarian to non Veg, half of the food tasted like it was two or three days old? After finishing our food the waiters and security was quick to move our tables and chairs to create more space for dance floor as it was very over crowded. All in all for me personally this place felt and smelt like drugi would??? Over crowded Dance area with drunks or drugi’s harassing female dancers under the nose’s of Security guy’s. I would never to complain to management because like most restaurants they believe dinners who complain are looking for compensation? Tripadvisor is best place to let Management and other dinners know of your true feedback, my message to management is to stop being greedy on milking money from your dinners? Spend some of it on keeping the Restaurants spotless, ensuring the food is fresh, ensuring the guests are not harassed to leave there tables after finishing there meal, females guests are not harassed on dance floor by drunks or Drugi’s ??? 
I booked a booth for eight people for my 60th birthday and although the food was good we were given a jug of water with a blue sweetie floating in it, turning all our drinks blue. When we told the waiter he just shook his head but we insisted he tell the manager. We wanted nothing from them apart from perhaps an apology but we were made to feel we had put it in there ourselves? Why would we? Should we not have told them? Spoilt my birthday night as we were made to feel we were making a fuss. No apology nothing. Bad customer services skills. Won't be going back. 
If I could give zero out of five I would, bad food and when someone clearly isn't enjoying your live singer, don't let them get in your customers face. 
This restaurant had been our local Italian for years and the food has always been delicious. However, we went a couple of years ago when we felt we were not treated as the 'semi-regulars' that we were, and decided not to go again for a while.  
Don't know if this restaurant is under new management, been here a few times,but most disappointed my meal was cold and a lot smaller than last time here as for my mums it was just chucked on her plate so unappetising although as for my husband his dinner was also below normal standards was hot  
Well I was fascinated with its online attractions about lovely cuisine n music as advertised and I decided to make a visit for pre bday party for myself and I was highly disappointed with the ambience as well as the cuisine and service!! It’s ok to go for some Bollywood music and then Tata bye bye please think twice before you make plans!!  
I visited this restaurant for the first time but I can assure I will never be visiting again. I will start by saying the owner of the restaurant seemed to be worse for wear. He approached us but seemed to be slurring his words. I think he had obviously been drinking. The rest of the staff need to be sent on a customer care course as the service was attrocious. The food some of it was undercooked and rest was very overcooked.  
We went for a birthday meal and I asked for a birthday cake for my hubby. The waiter Said no problem and then towards the end came to tell me they have no cake in the restaurant! Was disappointed.  
2 bar staff, no one approached us, a couple came in after us and was seen to a table before, someone who looked like the manager was drunk, food was pretty substandard, been to far better Turkish places than this, is The Marina around the corner 
Nothing else to add, we waited patiently whilst restaurant guests looked on as to why a party of 3 people were being totally ignored , stood waiting at the door for service to dine.  
What a disappointing evening. I went with my boyfriend for a Greek meal in Windsor and we decided to give Latino Taverna a try. When we went in we were told they had no chicken. I asked if no chicken at all and was told it had been a busy day and they were totally out of chicken. Due to an allergy I have there were not at lot of alternatives so I opted for a vegetarian meal. We felt it was too late to go elsewhere as they had already served our drinks. I was disappointed but didn't feel too bad until less than 10 mins later another table ordered chicken! As we were eating our meal they were served their chicken. When we paid the bill I mentioned my disappointment at no chicken particularly as the veggie meal I had was pretty bland. They tried to bluff their way out of it first of all by saying they meant no chicken kebabs and then changed their mind and said the chefs had found a piece of chicken after all. I can't understand what was going on here but there was no doubt there was something odd about it. Could it be that they were trying to sell the more expensive meat dishes? I do not appreciate being treated as an idiot. We live locally to Windsor and I can't help but wonder what they get away with when serving tourists to the area. What a disgrace. We will not be going back and instead will use The Green Olive just across the road. 
Heard really good things about this place, But soon as we got in there, Waited about 5 mins before any of the staff acknowledged us despite them walking past us on a number of occasions. Once seated it took a while for them to even ask us if we wanted a drink or starter.  
Had take away from here twice through uber eats. Dreadful food. When feedback was given the staff weren't really interested 
I ordered a take away through uber eats late on a Sunday night and was truly disappointed. The chicken korma was white in colour, more like cream of chicken soup with pieces of chicken in it.. tasteless and bland. I've had many chicken korma's and never have I eaten one that looks and tastes as revolting as this. The salad we received had brown/black limp lettuce leaves in it, clearly this was out of date. The rice was stuck together in clumps, indicating it had been sat out for some time. Overall an appalling standard of food. See images to clarify this. 
Booked for brunch offer for three..We were charged £97 (which was paid way before we left) at £27.99 each. 3 burgers and bottomless drinks.. 2 people had their burger and the third asked to have it later, which she was told it was ok..  
My parents came down to visit my new home and this was one of the restaurents I wanted to try, so it was my first choice for our first meal out....mistake. Turned up for our reservation on Saturday at 7 and was told we needed to be out by 8:30 as they needed the table for the entertainer to set up. Feeling slightly rushed from the offset, we were asked if we were ready multiple times for our order. We ordered the mussels to start, along with the pulled ham hock which were both very nice. 
A group of 6 of us all paid for bottomless brunch for a birthday celebration - BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  
I visited this restaurant last week with six friends. I can honestly say that I have NEVER eaten such a horrible meal in my whole life.  
This place is awful. It was Fathers Day and busy but totally disorganised. It took ages to order, then for the first course, the waitress spotted we had been waiting for 25 mins for some houmous and flat bread (which was hard and greasy) that when she brought it out, on a cake stand! the main course, again on a cake stand arrived. The food is dry, bland and portions are small - it is a total rip off. Not freshly cooked. I lived in Greece and know what good Greek food is and this place doesn't serve it! The prices are high for what you get, they charged us nearly 5 pounds for the flat bread! Never again. 
We went in as a party of 16 had one of the set menus NEVER AGAIN. 
The food is ok. Not the best 
Avoid this place like the plague!  
241 Long Island ice teas - me and my parents drank them and they tasted worse than flat coke. It was truly embarrassing. 
There was confusion re what was available on the menu. I was first told that the jerk chicken half was not available as they had run out so I ordered an alternative. 
We decided to stop at this restaurant as all windows were pulled back looked so inviting. We ordered Greek salads something we have had many times in many places. This was the worst we have ever had. No flavour swimming in water, not even true Feta . We were so disappointed and would not recommend or return.  
Really speechless for the rubbish food served and not even looking italian, italian do not eat vegetables with main course ( english way ) carbonara is not served with raw egg in the shell. So disappointed, italian deserv better. Are you sure you are italian? 
Terrible service. Had to wait for ages to be seated not even an apology. Went to use the toilet and it was vile!sanitary bins overflowing, toilet paper everywhere, strong stench of urine could see faeces on the toilet so clearly not cleaned regularly. Mentioned this to the waitress Incase they were unaware. Must of taken offence to this as she didn’t come back and serve us! Eventually another waitress came over after 15 mins and we ordered fries which were served cold! Service thereafter was really bad took 20 minutes to be able to order a drink almost felt like you were disturbing the staff as they didn’t come over when attempting to order.  
We reserved a table and rang to say we were running 10 minutes late which we were told was fine. When we arrived we were told our table had been given away the table we were given was far too small for the amount of us. We were then left for 45 mins with no drinks and no food. With only a two hour time slot this is unacceptable.  
Quality of food is very low in portion and not worth the price. Food serving timing is late too. SECURITY at the door is really rude with customer who approach them. 
We ordered the peppered beef, and it wasn't anything special. The actual cut of the meat was small, and not as tasty as we expected. The fish was ok, again nothing special. The actual sides, salad and garnishes were very basic. The food quality, location, etc does not match the price what so ever. Really overpriced. Nothing that would be memorable or that I would recommend to anyone. The staff were nice and polite however.  
Not the best of places, the menu doesn't change.Food is over priced, Service is average.But for a quick one It's "OK" 
Ordered lamb done takeaway absolutely appalling all fat no meat didn't even eat it put it in the bin. Inedible 
Terrible service by staff. Really obnoxious. Also no where on the website does it state they serve halal food. We only found out when we asked. Won't be going there again ever. 
Wort place in wembley 
We opted to go to Turtle Bay to experience a Caribbean meal, unfortunately it was much to be desired for, especially the hygiene. 
I went there and had worst experience of my life. Staff was very rude. They were very keen to take my money. They also insulted my dress and they were also laughing at my colour and language. I felt down. I asked for my money back but they refused . Not only they refused but also they insulted my religion. I hope they learn how to behave. I will be filing complaint against them . Never seen these kind of people before.  
Food was left on hot plate and had horrible texture. Prices were high for One small chicken skewer, small salad and chips. Staff were pleasant but extremely slow, didn't even ask when I left whole main and didn't offer any condiments etc. 
We were shown to our table after a poor welcome  
Pros -  
Not sure whats going on with Flaming Cow but their standards have dropped. The wings were cold, hotdog lukewarm, fries tepid, and generally a waste of money. Shockingly, they still arrived with service on the bill with no apology!!! I was too embarrassed to ask to take it off. They should really know better. Shocking.  
Up at Wembley for a concert so expected it to be busy, daughter picked Las iguanas, so off we went to queue. In line, get a card and told 30-45mins, ok with that as hours to concert. 45 mins later finally got seated. Did it get any better, nope. Took waitress ages to take order for drinks, even longer for food. There was only a events menu, so we expected food to be quick. we then had to ask where drinks where. 30mins later food comes out, re-ask for, drinks finally arrive, apart from the jug of water, no sign of my garlic bread appetizer, no sign of waitress! She finally shows up but then gets moaned at by table behind us, off she goes again. We are now nearly finished when she get close enough for me to ask about the garlic bread, it does come out quick, but think she must have left if under lights as was very dry. Getting now near time for us to leave. Wait, no waitress to ask for bill! When if finally turns up there is a £11 service charge already added, no chance on us paying that! Again it's another 5mins as least before she returns to take payment. I'm not putting full blame on our waitress but also the bad management in place, or lack off, with the lack of staff brought in on event days. 
Myself and my friend came to meet my 4 friends before the P!nk concert. There was no queue and the table was free next to them so we ordered cocktails (spending over £40 on top of the £120 my friends had already spent on food) and sat down! Once we had our cocktails we were then rudely told we had to move as someone wanted that table to eat at! There was no one in front of us at the queue, we had been sat there for 20 minutes whilst our friends finished eating and was treated very rudely. They didn’t even know whether we were ordering food and we just got moved. No offer of another table or anything. The cocktails may be nice but the customers service was dreadful! Just rude staff who didn’t care for paying customers!  
First time in this restaurant, food was lovely. Service was a shame. Staff member on personal phone, got order wrong twice and got charged double the price when it came to the bill. Overall didn’t seem like he could be bothered to be there today. 
We had ordered from here a few days ago and the food was fantastic, however yesterday’s delivery couldn’t have been more different. Firstly their was items missing from our order, upon calling turtle bay the guy who answered laughed and half heartedly apologised by blaming Uber for leaving the building too quick before they could get the items to them. When asked if they could be sent he said it’s hardly worth it and we should take it up with Uber. Ridiculous explanation and lack of responsibility. The burgers were dry and stale tasting with absolutely no juice or flavour. We spent £80 on what we were thinking would be another great meal and it wasn’t. 
The review is for takeaway service, although have also dined at the restaurant. Live locally so it has (note past tense) been a place we frequently take away. The issue is that as the business has become successful over the last year or so, management have taken their eye off the ball. Whereas it used to be a case where the manager would round the bill down - nice touch but not necessary - and the staff remembered you by name. Last three occasions we would have been glad to have just got our complete order. Twice it was one thing missing, however they excelled themselves today leaving out the mixed grill as well as the lamb bayti! To top it the staff (or at least the one we dealt with) have developed a bad attitude. The managers response to being called was to ask us what we wanted him to do..."deliver our missing items", .."but, I cant do that. please ask for Nick next time you are here and I will take care of everything". Well Nick this is the 3rd time it happened and all else being equal we will not be back again. There's a new one round the corner (Marina), hope they do takeout and Domino's for filling the gap tonight. 
Ordered a pizza it was a plate of doughy mush.They did offer to do me another one but what is the point when the cant get it right first time round.She said I might want to take it home and have it next day that made me laugh. 
We visited this restaurant before a show tonight, the service was appalling. We waited half an hour for our drinks and after an hour and a half we were still waiting for our main course. In the end we had to leave as we had run out of time. Very disappointing, we won’t be going back! 
We booked a table for a big family meal. On the morning of the booking we had to ring up to cancel as someone in our family was rushed to hospital. After apologising to the restaurant and explaining the reason why we had to cancel, this is their response: 
Seriously...are these reviews for real? 
The service was delayed but it was the lack of care from the staff that appauled me. Specifically A blonde female manager that knocked off my coat that was on a chair, saw it and walked away without saying anything. The food was amazing and the new waiter was lovely, but it seemed he needed more guidance. As much as I love Turtle bay, this is the worst branch I've been to. My first and last. 
The food was great but the service was just awful,. Prosecco served without a wine Cooler and also it the drinks were given AFTER the food because we had to remind another member of staff. It was not even that busy. Not impressed, I go out to eat often and this was the worst I've been for a while. The food was awesome though, just would have been nice to have more interaction with the floor staff and better guest connection. Give your staff more guidance. No check backs or anything. Was looking forward to having lots of food and drinks with my friend but we only stayed for one. Better luck next time but not at this turtlebay for sure. We travelled an two hours for this and its just such a shame, I enjoy turtle Bay at other places a lot but this is let down 
Don't bother eating here if it's busy. We waited 30 minutes for our starters (two cold salads!!) and a further 20 minutes for our main courses. We complained several times throughout the dinner regarding waiting times however nothing was done. Not even an offer of a free glass of wine for the inconvenience. 1 hour and 45 minutes for dinner. 
We went to this resultant last night poor food , the potatoes where not real ones frozen type ( frozen instant mash) the sauce tasted like glue  
Walked in with 2 of my friends on a weekday just to sit by the bar and have a drink. The place was empty with with a few people sitting around. Asked the bar staff if we can just have a drink to then be refused by them with a blunt no. Obviously due to the colour of our skin, it was clear. Would not recommend. 
We arrived and waited for over 5 mins at the sign “please wait here to get seated”, other guests noted us. Several waiters saw us but nobody seated us or told us to wait for a second (which is fine, at least you’re acknowledged). They did not seem busy, there were several staff having fun at the bar amongst themselves. It was half empty and around 6pm on 28 dec. We decided to leave and give our money and tips to some place else. Very poorly managed restaurant. 
£14 for goat curry. 3 pieces of fatty meat. Manager said this is a standard portion.as goat is very expensive. 
Ten days before Saturday 21st March I phoned to make a booking I was given a table for four from 6 to 8pm. On the morning of the 21st I got a phone call asking me to confirm the booking. I did. We arrived, only three of us, at 5:50 pm, the restaurant was virtually empty and we were seated immediately. It was 6:30 pm before a surly waiter came to take our order. We each had a plate in front of us and shared a very nice hot mezze. One of us was vegetarian and ordered mixed vegetables for main course the other two ordered a mixed grill to be shared. It was about 7:10 when the main course arrived. There was only one plate with the mixed grill and we could not attract the waiter's eye to bring another plate. We both ate off the one plate. At 8:05 the same unsmiling waiter arrive to tell us the table was now needed. Final impression; a well organised business with a cash register for a heart. There are other excellent Turkish restaurants in and around Woodford that serve excellent 'unhurried' food I will in future be eating at one of those. 
We booked a table at opening time yesterday having researched the area as we were attending a concert at Wembley stadium, and didn't want to eat at the chain restaurants nearby. 
The service was atrocious to the point we ended up leaving. Waited 30 mins to order which never ended up happening. I went to the loo. Disgusting. Needs a mop ran over it. Serious deep cleaning required. As a manager of my own restaurant. This is jaw dropping management. 
I ate in this place several times and it was great. We came in, no-one approached us for a while we were waiting by the entrance. After a short while ( after the debate next to the risen island area) one lady came, I asked her to have a comfy seat as I have crutches. Well se sat down we were told that we can have drink or food so I asked if we can perhaps have both. And then she left. Never came back. We waved, we were trying to catch an eye contact, but ladies were busy to chat, bar tender rather looked down to the phone behind the bar. So we stood up and left hungry, whereas across the footpath there was a burger place where we have eaten.  
I came here for a meal but it was not very authentic ,not really italian there are lots of groups that call themselves italian but are nothing like it and is is the thing ,heated up precooked . 
Disappointing return to what was an old fave. Expected to fit outside but when the manager sits smoking under the one big heated umbrella as his guests squeeze on small tables together you expect the food to at least live up to it’s old stds. Burger was overcooked. Staff inattentive. Last night of EO2HO maybe explains lacklustre?! 
It was my sons birthday and we decided to go this restaurant as the one in Southampton was excellent, when he was at uni there. We knew we were taking a chance that there would be no space but went anyway. We had waited for 10 minutes before a person "greeted" us, he was the same person who had walked past us several times before. He said unless we had booked a table, there was no way to get a table as the restaurant was fully booked. My son wanted to ask about the bar food service but he had left and the bar tender didn't have time to stop. We were quite upset by his "I can't be bothered" attitude, 
It was extremely noisy and the waiters were rushing us through our meal. We arrived at 7.00pm. Our starter was on the table by 7.05 and by 7.45 we had finished our starter and main meal. I can only think the food was sitting in a hot cupboard waiting to be brought out. At 8.00pm we were asked to leave because the table was needed so we did not bother with coffee or dessert. The food was OK but nothing special. I would certainly not recommend it or ever go there again. 
Ordered an innocent sounding dish - basically bread, cheese and tomatoes however it was filled with rosemary and this very strong herb which I dislike isn't listed on the ingredients. I received a very dismissive email back when I complained saying they can't list all the ingredients on the their menus. Such a weak response. A very shabby way to treat customers when there's so much competition around. Service was slow too. We won't be going back there again. Rather an expensive dish too considering the ingredients. 
The waitress was rude, the service took too long. We waited over 45 minutes for food and when the food arrived it was cold. Not even lukewarm, it was cold! When we tried to tell the waitress of the food was cold, not even complaining in a rude way we were just trying to explain the situation she walked off and said she’s going to go get the manager. The manager came and we explained what the issue was calmly, he tried to respond rudely to which we said the food was cold and we had to let him know that the food was being served was cold. He eventually took money off the bill. The only good thing I could say about this restaurant is the drinks are nice, if you’re going to have drinks they are perfect with a two for one offer however, the food was atrocious 
Unbelievably slow service for drinks. Came here a few months ago and suffered the same snail’s pace of service. On that occasion we hoped it was a one-off bad night, but this time exactly the same happened. The main course arrived before the drinks. A shame that we won’t be coming back here, as everything else is good. Management need to sort things out - how can it possibly take 20 minutes to serve a pint? 
Usually when we are down in London to visit family, we go to neighbouring eateries such as royals in sudbury but this time we thought we'd all have a lovely family reunion dinner and I confidently booked this place as it was no.1 on wembley. The food didnt taste fresh at all and some curries were swimming in oil and when commented to the server, I was just returned with a blank look and I thought he would come back to check up but he didnt instead he stayed clear away from our table for the rest of the time we were there. The music was a nice lively mixture however no table service for drinks and the cocktails were very weak. Im not one to create a scene and make complains and furthermore we had relatives so we finished our meal as much or little as we could muster and left.  
I ordered Mac and cheese there and i got dry pasta with some cheese (no cheese sauce). When I told the waiter that I wasn‘t very happy with it he didn‘t even say sorry. 
Don’t eat here is you have any allergies. How dare they play Roulette with my life by serving me food I told them I was allergic to. Did they learn nothing from the young man who died in Bills Burgers after telling them he was allergic to dairy products and they served him buttermilk marinated chicken. 
Went to las iguanas yesterday and what a terrible ordeal it was. Ordered a Pina Colada and had to question whether we were giving the virgin Pina Colada. Although the waiter tried to say it wasn’t, we were still not convinced and had to purchase an additional drink to add to it. We asked for straws with our drinks to which he wasn’t willing to give. When he finally agreed he took so long to bring them. We then decide after previously tasting their horrible food a few time before, we would just order burgers. As they couldn’t possibly go wrong with burger. We were so wrong. The burgers were just an oily but dry tasting bland mess. None of us ate our food. We then decide to order more cocktails. When they turn up they tasted like bitter medicine (clove of oil). When we brought it to the waiters attention and said we didn’t want them as we could not possibly drink them they were that bad. He then decided to raise his voice and state of every customer decided to return drinks they would go out of business. We were taken aback as that’s not how you talk to customers. He then sent the bar manager over to question us to which made us feel extremely uncomfortable. After that we decided to leave cos he was very rude. We asked for the bill. We decided to pay for everything on there but the service charge. This just made the waiter more angry and he demanded an explanation from us, to know why we were not paying the service charge. That was extremely rude and intimidating. Not something we have ever experienced. Would defo not be returning to such an awful establishment.  
I normally eat in this restaurant& always have good food. I telephone& ordered 2 portions of bolognaise sauce 1 portion of pasta the guy ask if I  
Came here with friends to grab a bite and have a drink with our lunch. I normally go to the one in Stratford and it’s always been a pleasure.  
We had the table on the middle floor, next to the toilets. It was like piccadilly circus. Everyone going up and down the stairs through to the other floor, people going to the toilets. Rubbish table. We were then neglected for ages even though waiters and waitresses were always walking past us. The food was pretty poor, I had mushroom ravioli and it was all pasta and no filling, very oily. We were first ally seated at 8.50 even though we booked for 8.30. And we were eating our mains at 10pm. We probably would have stayed for dessert but as it had taken so long for mains and service was rubbish we decline and got the bill, we even had to chase for the bill. Such a shame as I was really looking forward to going to this restaurant. Severely let down. I might add the managed tried to make it better y giving us a free dessert but unfortunately too little too late 
I have never felt the need to write a review before, however after this experience I felt I needed to. 
Awful service messed up our booking wait 45 minutes to receive our drinks and about an hour & half for and when the food arrived at the table it was luke warm all dishes totally tasteless and small portion for the price we paid  
A friend suggested this venue for our college reunion as most of us lived fairly local (west London) as she said she had researched for a fun place where we could enjoy a feast while also enjoying some music and drinks. So off we trooped with much anticipation for the night ahead. Now, i am fully aware that Wembley is hardly a posh area and has its own unique charm but I was still apprehensive when i saw few men who already seemed quite drunk loitering outside the venue (being a smoker, we did head out more than once throughout the evening). Yes, the security/bouncers did make us feel safe but they werent exactly friendly either and could be more polite when checking our bags and coats to see if we had hidden a stash of alcohol. (our friend was given a glaring when making a casual comment!) 
Started off well my wife and three children, couple of beers three cokes &a bottle of wine service very good from two different waitress. Starters very nice just what we ordered and expected as we have eaten in the Pinner, hatched end (now closed) Rickmansworth & Ruislip branches for many years. Three of the mains absolutely fine but the calzone that my son & my self had was all fall the pizza base was raw !!!.  
My daughter in law booked a table for 11 for my grandsons 1st birthday and received confirmation by email.We phoned 2 days before to check it was ok to bring a cake and were told that they had no booking and the person who had confirmed the booking had now left.This meant that we had to find at short notice another venue as they did not have room for us.Altogether really poor and caused a great deal of upset and angst to a happy event my advice is don’t trust the online booking even if you get confirmation!!!! 
Don't bother going out for a celebration dinner you'll be handed over a bill before you finish your main course, and not even offered a dessert/coffee. 
Me and my family wanted to have a quick bite to eat before going to watch a film at the cineworld cinema. We checked what time las iguanas was open until and it said that on a Saturday it was open until 11:30pm with the bar open until 12. We arrived to Wembley las iguanas at 10:20 and waited at the door for a couple of minutes. Nobody noticed us and then when I finally caught eye contact with a waitress that was working there she gestured with her hand to my boyfriend that the restaurant was closed and that the kitchen was closed. There were still quite a lot of people in the restaurant dining. 
No one wants to take your order. Sat at a table for 30 minutes before calling someone over. By the way, there re only 5 other couples in here. Wired nother 30 minutes before they took our drinks order. Been here an hour and still no food 
Table was booked for 3:15. Only got our food at 4:40. Food was dry and bland. When asked waiter why the food took so long he was like I don’t know and walked off  
My wife and I attended a recent concert in Wembley Arena and we visited this restaurant for a pre concert meal. 
If I could I wouldn't even give them 1 star. We were 10 mins late and the host on the door told us "we a quarter of an hour late!" Don't appreciate being lied to at my face and when corrected he accepted we were 10 mins late but the system puts us in an automatic waiting list but he would appreciate if we wait and he would seat us as soon as possible. We waited 15 mins only to see people not with a booking being seated. My siblings then went to ask the host how long he would be to only be lied again and be told that he had informed "their companion aka me" that no table would be available before 8:30pm. He went on to explain how he was sweating and showed my siblings two tables outside which seated two people at a time! Disgusting service and not impressed i will not be visiting this branch again! 
Booked a table for 6 at Turtle Bay Ealing Broadway, arrived and was shown to our table, waited over 25 mins and still nobody came to serve us. Even flagged a waiter down to ask to order and was told they would be on their way. Restaurant was not busy and was half empty. Waited a further 10 minutes before deciding to walk out and go to another restaurant. Service non existent and won’t be back. 
Don’t waste your money coming here , bland food ! Dreadful coleslaw and salad !  
My husband I visited Humphrey’s for our anniversary. The menu for vegetarian was so disappointing. The items on the menu were a mismatch , there was no specific cuisine type.  
6 of us went for a pre-event meal. The service was terrible.. The waitress laterally ignored us! It took near 40 mins to get the bill which made us late for the event. Never going there again!  
Went here with a part of 13 for a Christmas meal. The food was so so.. rubbery burgers plus unbelievably salty gravy as part of their meal. The starters were not as described on their menu plus they completely forgot to serve dessert! Christmas menu didn't describe chips or anything. Very poor. I won't be back I would suggest gbk or byron instead for a much better burger experience. Phoned back and got my "optional" charge refunded. Don't offer a Christmas meal of you can't serve to any standard. Massively disappointed. 
I visited this restaurant on Mother's Day with my children this restaurant & their staff made my wonderful day into a nightmare. We booked a table for 6.30pm but didn't get seated until 7pm although there were lots of empty tables. I asked a staff member if we could sit at one of the empty tables he said it needed cleaning, I told him it's clean as there was no dirty plates, cutlery or glasses on the table. He changed his mind and said it needs setting up, I asked him if we could sit there whilst they put cutlery on the table, he bluntly refused & told us we had to wait, we waited another 10 minutes. We were seated & ordered food, the food took long way too long for what it was. Terrible inedible food. I had to ask several times for the drinks we ordered nothing came for another 20 minutes. The restaurant staff are slow because of management issues & staffing issues & bad customer service. The wait was so long I would have left if it wasn't for my children. The manager came to see if we were ok although I feel he could see the problems but kept hiding he only approached us at the end of our meal. He said he was short staffed because lots of staff had called in sick, not the customers problem, as it happens he seemed to be making excuses. Service was bad, one male staff member rude( pls don't put him on front of house he has a short temper). Too many problems, as for the food bland and mediocre. It's supposed to be a Carribbean restaurant, but this restaurant has no soul food. Don't waste your time 
So I've written a review for here already but decided to give it another try after seeing an instagram post.  
My friend and I visited last night. First of all, we had to wait a good 15 min for someone to actually serve us! I kept trying to eye the waiter/waitress attention to serve us but they just ignored me!! They walk up and down with no clue what so ever to whoes trying to call them! Secondly we had to wait another 15 min for our drinks to finally arrive. The food came after so long and when it finally arrived it was the wrong meal so that was disappointing, as we waited so long and we were both so hungry and tired! When the right meal finallyy arrived we just wanted to eat quickly and get out of there! In my personal opinion they need more staff there, who actually pay attention to the customers who come into the restaurant! They don't pay attention at all! The service was just soo bad Yes it was busy last night but they should of got more staff on the floor to be honest. The one good thing I can say about this place is that the food is nice, but that's it I will never visit again. This was the worst experience I have ever encountered!  
Went here as I was invited to a birthday event 
I booked a table for six people at 8 o’clock on Saturday for my birthday. We arrived and were sat at 8:15. The host (who ended up being the general manager) sat us at our table; we were five adults and a toddler. Our server came over, took all our orders. Everything was fine, we just finished our starters, when the “host” came over to our table and said that we had to leave because they cannot have children in the restaurant after 9pm. We haven’t even received our mains yet. When I told him that, he said that he would have them rushed so that we can eat really fast and be on our way. He never mentioned to us before taking us to our table that because we were with a child, we only had 40 minutes to order and eat. He didn’t even have the curtesy to wait until we finished eating, before telling us that we had to leave because of this policy. In all of my years working in the restaurant business, I have never encountered a general manager so incapable of dealing with people. He was completely unprofessional and rude. I have never been treated so poorly before. If we were told at the door, that they had this policy, we wouldn’t have eaten in the restaurant in the first place. For someone to come to us, immediately after finishing our starters and saying that we had to leave because they forgot about this policy is unacceptable. When booking, I even said that it was my birthday, so this general manager didn’t even acknowledge that before coming to the table. He handled the situation terribly; even the nice waiters were shocked and embarrassed that he did something like that. We left immediately after he pretty much kicked us out. Disgusting behaviour from the general manager, how he does his job and handles situations is appalling. Hi excuse for not telling us was that he thought we would have finished eating in 40 minutes, a table of 6 celebrating a birthday. The waiter took our order at 8:40. Just incredible, to say he ruined the night is an understatement. 
Some friends and I booked a table online for 21.45, it said there were spaces available at that time, hence why we booked. When we arrived we were welcomed to "the best turtle bay" but got told there were no available tables for half an hour (despite the fact I could see at least 5 empty tables)  
Decided to go in despite the negative reviews... Waiter sat us down then seemed to totally forget about us, spent 20 mins trying to grab someone’s attention - asked the bar tender to send someone over but no luck - had to just leave in the end. 
I really love Turtle Bay, the idea, the decor, the drinks and the food - all great. I have been here many times as I live locally. Every time the service was not great, but last night (10.02.2019) it was so terrible I'm taking the time to write this review.  
Me and my boyfriend had lunch in this restaurant and we're definitely not coming back, we're very much disappointed, the food wasn't nice, my boyfriend barely touched his chicken, the waitress kept making faces about our orders and the cocktails were half the glass, on top of all this the bill was too expensive for the experience we had. NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!  
i was 1st introduced to this restaurant in Manchester (GREAT SERVICE, STAFF AND ATMOSPHERE), and loved the food  
This establishment has gone really down hill. It appears that both the bar staff and the management are allowing undesirables into the premises and encouraging their wrongful activities. Women are allowed to be accosted by male clients and the bar staff or security will not intervene. It’s such a shame that a once promising restaurant, has completely failed in it services and values. Avoid at all costs. 
We were celebrating a friends 60th Birthday yesterday.The dinner was from 7 pm. 
I start saying that I'm Italian. One of my friends told me about this place "really Italian food". So I decided to go there and have a nice Italian meal. Nothing could be worst. For first the waitress wasn't really polite,she had attitude and also she didn't know nothing about the menu. the drinks came quickly but the food took forever for arrived. I had carbonara and I swear is not the real carbonara. Too much cream which in Italy we don't put on carbonara, or maybe just a little bit. And than I had veal Milanese...on the menu is write " a traditional Italian dish" but served with spaghetti al pomodoro is not really Italian. It doesn't exist that in Italy we eat the meat with spaghetti like that. I'm sorry but this is not a italian restaurant..and apart from that the food wasn't really nice anyway, too much oil and fat. If you want to call your restaurant Italian you should start to cook as in Italy otherwise you can't have that name. I'm even sorry that the people would think that this is our Italian food...I would like to let them try the real one and see what they would say.not really Italian taste.Not my style. 
Lovely food but disappointed that the optional tip of nearly 5 pounds which was taken off without permission. 
The worst 'party' ive ever been to, a complete scam for your money, bad food, couldnt wait to get out of there. DO NOT GO THERE PLEASE ITS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD 
Having been to many restaurants across the world, and some of the most expensive venues in London, Michelin star and otherwise, the foundation from which I judge Humphrey's restaurant is well grounded - and that judgement is that this one of the most overpriced and pretentious restaurants I have EVER been too! The staff were abrupt and rude, the service took far too long, and most importantly the food was so depressingly mediocre we insisted on leaving one course early. If ever you have the urge to try something nice and go to a fancy restaurant, do yourself and a favor and do not choose this one. 
he worst 'party' ive ever been to, a complete scam for your money, bad food, couldnt wait to get out of there. DO NOT GO THERE PLEASE ITS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. 
Having been alerted by 'Friends' that they were doing a takeaway service we thought we would try it. On Thursday at 5.30 pm we ordered and paid for two starters, two mains, two sides and a dessert to be delivered at 6.30 pm on Sunday. All very friendly and efficient. At 4.30 pm on Sunday we received a phone call to say they could not supply the beef or the lamb main courses and offered either pork or cod which I declined along with the rest of the order which they obviously thought we would still take! I asked for a full refund which they said they would do. I have not yet been told they have made the refund. For such a prestigious restaurant I am surprised that they take orders and then cannot supply them at two hours notice on a Sunday! We ended up with an Indian takeaway. 
We were around 20 ladies who went for some feet tapping music n food and the feedback is as follows: 
Accompanied my family, all meat-eaters who enjoyed their burgers. There was nothing vegan on the menu for me; they said the only thing they could do was give me the California Chicken Salad minus the chicken, halloumi and dressing. 
Disappointing meal. Food was cold and staff were unwelcoming. Used to be a lovely restaurant a few years back, has definitely down graded. I wont be visiting again 
We managed to eat here only 2 times. The first time was excellent. The second time the food was a bit more disappointing than the first time and the place was incredibly loud and cahotic. The waiters looked a bit confused by the cahos. However we decided to try it again. We booked online one day and when we arrived there, for some reason they didn't have our reservation. They said that they must have forgotten to close the reservations online. They didn't apologise, but I thought it could happen when you're busy. I tried again yesterday, still booking online. When I arrived, again there was no table for me and they said they had no idea how this could happen. They didn't apologise. I won't go anymore. 
I went to this restaurant on 9th December. Although the staff were lovely, the service was mediocre. It seemed like the staff were just enjoying their own pre Christmas party. 
I was vomitting within half an hour of finishing my meal, had to cancel the rest of the night, ended up in hospital after vomitting the whole night. It was 100% the duck rolls. The rest of the food wasn't that great either. Don't go here, there's literally hundreds of other places to eat a stone throw away. 
I visited on 28th Dec with two friends for dinner and drinks. We were not informed of the 2 4 1 offer on drinks upon arrival and by the time we ordered drinks we were told we just missed happy hour and I mentioned this to the manager who arranged for us to get the extra drinks on the offer which never arrived but was added to our bill as separate drinks. 
We go here a few times a month and it’s very hit and miss. Either good or just poor. This was the worst. To be insulted, lied to, and told they only use “quality” is the final straw. I’ve posted a picture of a ribeye steak which was beyond bad, and had ordered a sirloin. Then was told this was a sirloin by 3 separate people in the restaurant and insulted into the bargain telling me I didn’t know what I was eating! Shocking and completely unnecessary. Won’t be back! 
Will never go again. Very poor food and service. Rude manager. Had to wait for our first drinks then the food was not cooked right. Will never go to any of the Zaza's restaurant's 
We booked a birthday party with Masti when we read some of the reviews hoping to have a good night. I'm trying to find something good to say about this place but I cant. I'm of Indian origin but I must say that the food was second rate, served cold and of general poor quality. The venue was dirty, the bar served drinks in dirty glasses and especially the toilets which I am sure Health & Safety should be advised to inspect. The music is mainly Bollywood and Bhangra and is ok but the crowd tends to be mainly old men from the Hammersmith Palais era. However, the worst aspect was the service and the management who do not know the meaning of customer service. Beware of their charging model - they will insist on charging you for people who cant make it (we had a couple who were ill on evening and couldn't make the party, but we still had to pay full price for them or management "would call the police" if we didn't; they will also charge for bringing children even if they dont eat and end up sitting in their pushchair all night. This has to be one of the worst restaurants we have ever been and we would never go back or recommend them to our enemies lead besides friends - Avoid at all costs!! there are so mainy other places in Wembley to spend your money on and enjoy. 
I went along with my wife, a friend and his wife and son. The main aim was to enjoy the music with Dinner. The eating area is a level down the ground floor and the dance level is a further down. The food was terrible. Even if I force myself into words to praise them, I would not be. You would find frozen added to almost everything into some weird combinations. Utterly horrible. 
food sucks. just not at all what punjabi food is all about. plus, the brawny men at the buffet section, keeps an eye on your plate.  
Visited last night at the Wembley designer outlet village, ordered a shredded beef burrito, literally came out in less than 5 mins, clearly had been thrown in the microwave, was dry on the inside, the wrap itself was soggy. Didn't complain as wouldn't eat there again even if I got a free meal, didn't pay the service charge or leave a tip, In all I won't be visiting any other Las Iguanas as this was my first experience and as you can tell I didn't enjoy it.  
Disapointing in the extreme or disastrous experience are the first thoughts on this venue. Taken by friends who had previously enjoyed their visit we would never visit again. 
Ordered online, the order turnt up completely incorrect. Called up to advise of the issue to be told they don't have a driver which was a lie as he had just made my delivery, I was advised to come and collect the food myself. 
This is quite an expensive restaurant for the dishes they serve, but thought we would give it a go. What a let down, the meat was chewy which was the main part of our meal and the staff were rather rude 
We order from here a lot as the food is usually good however tonight they missed stuff from our order and gave no dips for one of the dishes. When we called we were told “we aren’t a kebab shop and we never send wraps” they send them every time it’s part of the dish. Cannot believe how rude he was we will never order from here again! Didn’t enjoy the food at all this time as no dip 
Warm welcome and attentive service. 
Major disappointment!! I ordered a beef brisket with Cajun fries. One of the two slices of beef was 99% fat! Why waste time cooking a lump of fat and sending it out for delivery? The prices aren't cheap so I expected better! I will spread the word."Don't waste your money". 
Absolutely awful service. (Partially a reflection of waiting staff and equally of the kitchen preparing the food). The waitress wrote the order down wrong, then we walked through it with her to be sure and when the food arrived, they'd still left dishes off! 
Shampan is one of my favourite restaurants and we eat there often. This is the reason we chose Shampan for our valentines meal. This was a mistake. 
I had been wanting to visit here for about 2 years as a friend recommended it. I eventually got to try it this week together with my family for lunch. It was a complete disaster. The worst part about it was the attitude of the staff which left a lot to be desired. 
I find it incredible this outlet is ranked in the top ten restaurants in Kingston. I am amazed the venue is even classified as a restaurant. I am fully aware that we have at present a virus effecting so much of our lives, but for this outlet to use that as a excuse for atrocious service is unbelievable. 
Four covers for a special 80th birthday. We live locally and decided on this venue for a celebratory event. Bear in mind one of the customers has been making the finest roasts for ever and is served with quite the worst meal i've ever seen, as all of us were! This 'restaurant' should cease trading with immediate effect. Quite the worst Sunday lunch EVER! Avoid at all costs! 
We were here last September and had a wonderful meal; tried to book for Valentines Day but it was full so we went last night. Maybe it was a bad night ....everything tasted of truffles - even the bread. The chef told us he used truffle essence which was "more expensive and better than truffles or truffle oil " - but its not - its a few drops of synthetic oil in a bottle of cheap supermarket oil. I could see him sloshing it on every dish - and see it glistening in a puddle on the plate. This is a small restaurant and is usually full so they should know how many staff they need - but they did not have enough people to serve, the manager was a vapid presence ,vaguely supervising.. Awful service - took over an hour to get our starters even - but they all woke up when they wanted to close and the bill arrived very sharply. And even worse we saw two tables out of 7 or 8 complaining and sending things back. I dont think its an AA 2 roses at the moment. What a shame as it was a very classy place...but even I know that scallops have to be seared on both sides... 
I went with family for my birthday having been on other occasions and knowing it has a good reputation. Having been and the food and service we experienced, I wish I had booked somewhere else. We arrived at 7:30 drink orders and started order was taken. The food was of mixed quality, some nice and others clearly not fresh and frozen. Then the waiter was rude to my uncle who was only passing him a dish! No main order was taken and we waited a very long time. Eventually we had to ask for our main order to be taken. Leaving us waiting was clearly so that we order more drinks. I’m the meantime, they kept running smokey food from the kitchen which filled the restaurant with smoke. They put in the air con but that smelt of mould! Not pleasant where people are eating. The mains were again of mixed quality. The chicken tikka masala was mediocre for the £10+ they were charging and my partners dish was bland. There was no time for desert as it was now 10:30 so we ordered coffees. These came up one at a time 10 mins apart! A different waiter was again rude to my brother when his coffee arrived. We finally got out of there at 11:30, handing us takeaway menus in the way out! Overall I think they are riding on a previous reputation but the reality is this restaurant has gone down hill and they are too focused on the business and not customer service or the quality of their food. 
We order from here, pretty much every Friday. Can’t knock the food as it is very good, however, tonight they delivered the wrong order and when we asked them to correct it, insisted that it was our fault and we had to pay for the original order as well as the incorrectly delivered one. In addition when they turned up they charged £2:50 for delivery. Very poor customer service you should be ashamed of yourselves 
I've always loved las iguanas but I made the mistake of going there on my birthday and was really sorry. Food tasted like it was microwaved no effort and I got my main after 5 minutes it felt like the team were trying to push us out. No vibe or atmosphere with the staff. Only positive the drinks were good. 
We booked a table for 4pm on the Sunday and had been looking forward to it all day. We arrived at 3.45 and the place looked completely manic and busy... We asked if the table was free and they said it wasn’t and they would come and get us in the bar when it was free... A member of staff came over to find us at 4pm to say it was very busy at that it would take around 10minutes or alternatively we could eat at the bar.. We didn’t really want to wait at the bar so we waited and ordered some drinks. At 4.10 a different member of staff came over and said that it was very busy in the restaurant and they were not sure exactly when it would be free but they had a table which was in a section in between the bar and restaurant that should be free in 5 minutes.. No one came over in the next 10 minutes so in the end we gave up... The ironic thing is that we were offered 2.30 but were told that we would have to be out at 4pm which clearly is a policy they don’t stick to.. If you are too busy best not to book people in and then ignore them.. Having walked out no-one called us to apologise so I can only presume they don’t want our business so we won’t be going back! 
We were due to make a reservation there yesterday, when I popped in at 6.15pm to reserve a table for 7pm, I asked to use the toilet. The waiter at the door point blank refused to allow me to use the toilet.  
We went to The Shaman for the first time tonight. We did not know this Restaurant was so near to us in Selling. The food was absolutely superb. Fresh and tender. The nan bread was soft and fluffy. Service was excellent. Islam took time to come and talk to us which was wonderful. We will definitely be returning to the Restaurant very soon.  
Sorry I didn’t recognise the restaurant to which some people refer on here. 
I went for a birthday meal with my family to this restaurant, on recommendation. Never again the food was warmed up slop, we ordered the Tuesday special ribs and pork belly plus chicken wings, the wings were warm in some places and stone cold in others, and the pork belly was pure fat and not at all crispy.  
This is not the review I expected to post of a thus far decent pub. The manager failed to manage customers with young screaming kids. Food served burnt. Will not be rushing back 
We went last night and place was quiet only two tables and we sat down . Staff was not bery welcoming and it took nearly 15 min before this man came and ask us what we are eating in a very unprofessional way . The food took long to come and it was cold . Lamb was so hard and it wasn’t cooked fresh .they brought popodom and nan bred which we didn’t ask for and they charged £1.70 and £3.50 for it also service charge which i wasnt aware of .they also took our receipt away and didn’t even ask us for any desert.the guys english was so poor he kept asking his colleagues in indian language everytime we ordered. Never visit again !!!!! 
Partner violently ill down the restaurant toilets, I sat on the toilet for ages when we got home...no acknowledgement from restaurant... Won't be going again! 
We tried this place out Sunday, my pregnant wife wanted A Sunday Roast and as our local was closed thought we would try this place out. 
Sorry to say but for me people writing good and excellent review probably never been in Turkish restaurants.  
Visited last night with my wife for dinner. Standards have fallen a long way. On arrival we made our way to the bar whereupon arrogant barman no.1 told us that we could not stand at the bar and had to wait at the door, we were then told that they were too busy and should go and have a drink at the pub across the road and come back later! We had booked! Fortunately, a couple were leaving at that point and we got a seat at the bar. Arrogant barman no. 2 served us tasteless gin. On being seated for dinner we were placed in a very drafty area, which we complained about 3 times, with no effect or interest. The couple next to us also complained. Food was bland, lacking flavour. Arrogant barman no.2 decided that at the end of his shift he would lay across two bar stools (ala Reece-Mogg) drinking a pint. Not a great site for the guests. Collected our own coats and left with no nod from any member of staff. We have eaten here before and it was much better. Will not be returning! 
Visited last week with my wife. Restaurant was 3/4 empty, lacking in atmosphere. Manager was rude, obnoxious and surly. Be warned!! 
I adore Turkish food and given the reviews for this place were generally good we decided to give it a go. I booked a table for 12 a week in advance for 8pm on a Saturday night. When we turned up they looked a bit surprised but ushered us to a table. We were in fact 13 (I had mis-counted) and although the large restaurant was very quiet (maybe 4 tables occupied) I asked if this was OK. The waiter said he “would see what he could do”. Anyway we were seated – so all good there. 
I had a dinner with my friend and everything went well until we asked for the bill. We ordered just a main course each ( they were doing a promotion, set meal for £29) but we didn't want any desserts or starters. We ended up paying £20 each(the price for the single meal was not on the menu) and quite shocked we asked to the manager how it was possible. He came with a such attitude and told me that they decide how much they want to charge for people that don't join the set menu. I told him that we are into the hospitality and we never experienced anything similar because the price was not there and none introduced us the menu. He said " if you are poor don't come to these kind of posh restaurants". Said so, we just paid and told him that it's such a shame how a lovely place like that could be put into his hands. By the way, the manager if he can be called like that, was JOE. He should change job that kid! 
We been a few times since it re-opened and had a good time but today was very poor. Perhaps because it 4pm and the staff due to change or something.  
Booked a table for 5.30 , not exactly peak time. The service was very slow beyond belief. My son and I had burgers of different styles but what they had in common was they where total overcooked and dry served with chip's and nothing else. We then ordered desert but unfortunately after waiting over 20 mins and still no show we cancelled them and left. 
We couldn’t get a table until 9pm so guess they were all tired!!Several tables needed cleaning and resetting Service was slow and food very poor. I ordered squid which in itself was lovely but was covered in a nearly raw unattractive chunky red and green peppers and a salad which was totally out of place. My husband had scallops which were over cooked ( this is the worst thing you can do to a scallop) and covered in mush. My main course was chefs main of the day - lamb chops which were lovely but like the scallops covered in a mush - probably the same mush although they call it a sauce- an unappetising mess on a plate - just like the scallops! For a bill of £95 which included a bottle of wine at £17 it was very expensive. We won’t be going back!! 
Firstly we had to wait at least half an hour to order drinks. When they eventually came, it took another twenty minutes before we got to order food. When the main courses arrived, the food was at best, lukewarm. Clearly they were short staffed, but then the maitre d/manager should alert all customers to this on arrival and say there is going to be a longer wait than normal, and or keep the customers happy by offering drinks on the house. I also thought the young lady in charge that night shouldn't have been chewing gum whilst working, it seemed very unprofessional. We did relay our thoughts to her and she took the service charge off our bill, however, we then had to wait again to actually pay! We wouldn't go back due to poor service, and a lack of professionalism. It was a shame as we had really been looking forward to this evening. 
The popadom selection were the best thing about this place, coming with 3 different types. Everything else was very bland really, as in no distinct flavours that hit the spot. The vegetarian Thali was the worst I have ever had. The restaurant looks nice on the surface, being in a lovely Georgian building, but it is in need of redecorating. The toilets are particularly shabby. Service left much to be desired. Overall, the flavours of the dishes let it down. Most high street curry houses offer a lot better and are far cheaper. For traditional Indian food, there are many other places to go. You can literallt get an amazing veg Thali that puts the one here to shame for a third of the price. 100% wont return 
We first went there 11 years ago, when it was first opened, and was immediately attracted to the quality of food, the ritual welcome veg soup and the ambiance. 
Poppadoms were delicious with lovely sauces. Then everything went down hill . Ordered rum and coke got gin and coke . My lamb biryani had just 3 little bits of lamb in it and the lamb tasted like cat food. Tasteless and soft . I didn’t eat the rice as it was tasteless bland and looked like a packet rice. We will not be returning any day soon. Overpriced and left hungry. 
We were looking forward to the food here as it was award winning and had lots of good reviews. However, we were very disappointed. The food was like it was dialled down for the British palette so much that it was more like ready meal food. It lacked real flavour and didn’t feel authentic at all. All the meats were very dry also. We’ve eaten in hundreds of Indian restaurants and this is probably one of the worst experiences we’ve had for what was supposed to be award winning. 
No ambiance this time.  
Stattes were good but main course was very dissappointing especially the seabass and adana kofte, Not worth, over priced, unauthentic, will not visit again... 
Sorry Terry, this is a true reflection of our experience on the 20th Jan 2018.  
I used to eat here frequently but I recently stopped using it after I found out that they only got 3 stars out of 5 rating which is not good. 
Eight of us visited for a friends birthday. We arrived and were met with a member of staff wanting to remove one of our tables as he expected them to be extremely busy. We ended up slightly squashed but not too bad. We ordered a good tapas selection and enjoyed it. We had a bit of difficulty attracting a waiter when we wanted drinks and seven of us were served our desserts about twenty minutes before the eighth person!! None of it dampened our spirits and the whole evening was fun. However when it came to settling the bill we were asked for an amount that included a 28 pounds optional service charge. We weren't impressed with the service at all and left a tip of 15 pounds. But we were then challenged by the manager who demanded we pay the whole amount. His rudeness was inexcusable and he insisted we pay his 'optional' service charge. We refused saying we weren't impressed with the service and the charge was optional. He continued to be unpleasant and confrontational. We left. He ruined our friends birthday celebration and I could never recommend the place. 
Where to start?! 
Not sure what has happened to Shampan 3 but having eaten from or in here many times over past 10 years it has taken a nose dive. Tonight we ordered via the App.. arrived to collect meal... order had not gone through... a panic began and the kitchen was sparked into life with promises and apologies ... we waited ... then happily took our order Home only to find the meal lacked items on the special request, the popadoms were shattered in a million pieces and the food was cold and not up to the usual standard of flavour. I called to complain and was told nothing they could do... customers are all important to them but obviously not important enough... the man on the phone said to say I have spoken to Islam and I will be given free popadoms next time!! That is the type of response a cheap curry house might offer... I asked that someone bring the missing items to my house 1 mike away... we can’t... more poor excuses... it’s just not good enough and I am very surprised as previously this place has been top quality for top dollar. Time to look for somewhere new I feel!!  
I would need to write a page (if not more) to illustrate the complete dissatisfaction, disappointment and disdain that last night's meal in this joke of a restaurant was.  
Visited this evening after booking a table for the Sunday buffet. Only when we arrived were we told the buffet had finished at 4:30pm. Firstly, who wants a curry in the afternoon? Pretty much every other Indian restaurant I have been to offer a buffet or have special offers on Sundays. I have never heard of a cut off time before. But having traveled there we stayed. 
Terrible experience, amateur , poor establishment . Overpriced for few drinks that don t need any special skills , not surprised as the unskilled "bartender" with a very rude attitude forcing a fake brit accent was running the bar .Yelling and bossing was his best. 
We booked for 10 people for 2.30pm on Mother’s Day. When we arrived at the restaurant they told us our table wasn’t ready even though we booked this well in advance the week before. Due to the restaurant being busy and the fact we had 3 children and a baby in tow we decided to wait outside the restaurant. We waited outside with 3 children and a baby for exactly half an hour before somebody came to tell us our table was ready. When we were finally able to sit down not enough seats or plates had been laid out therefore we had the whole embarrassment of waiting for another chair and place to be set whilst other customers around us were having to squeeze past. Halfway through the meal I noticed something was dripping into my drink. Looked up and the ceiling was dripping water. Informed the waiter and by the time the manager arrived the ceiling was dripping pretty bad. We had already moved out of the way as it had started to crack and water was dripping really fast at this point. They moved us to the table opposite but gave no apology for what had just happened. I asked for another drink to replace the one that had been catching the dripping ceiling water and they said they would bring one over however they never did. Obviously this put us off of the rest of the meal and we asked for the bill. To add insult to injury it took them 20 minutes to provide us a bill and no discount for our inconvenience was offered. After we asked for something to be taken off of the bill and much toing and throing they eventually took some money off. We did not receive any apology from anyone at all. This was absolutely disgraceful and we shall never be visiting the Shampan again!!!! 
Mother’s Day 11/03/18 we booked our table for 2.30pm and was seated just after 3, we booked for 10 people yet our table only sat 8. Half way through our meal a crack in the ceiling started to produce water that was leaking into my food which I was still consuming at the time! We were then moved to a different table! I made sure I filmed this. We asked for the bill and yet nothing had been taken off for the inconvenience of our Mother’s Day. This is very disappointing for Shampan 3, we are regulars but won’t be coming back again.  
I was expecting a nice time here after some good reviews (barring the service comments) but have to say it was a disaster. The service is terrible, the staff seem to have no idea of how take take orders or deliver food, some of which i think had been under the heat lamps for far too long looking at the dry curled up mess we were presented with. I think they must have got the food from the local supermarket when they had a Spanish week because it was cheap and nasty in both taste and appearance. Deeply disappointed all round, especially at the prices they charged for inferior quality and service. Not for me again. 
I came to this restaurant on Saturday night for my first year wedding anniversary. 
Tried it one evening for dinner and was really disappointed. Food is mediocre, décor is very dated. The place was empty which should have been a big warning sign.The only good thing about this place is the waitress who is really nice. Other than that I would never go there again. Don't waste your time and money! 
I would like to start this review of by saying I am a Indian, who can cook!  
We tried chipotos restraunt for the first time tonight celebrating my wife's birthday started of being sat by the toilets great, waited nearly half an hour before we where asked what drinks we wanted, we ordered six tapas meals, only two arrived, after another half an hour we decided to leave, my advise is if you want a proper taps meal go to the oval sidcup which we do normally and will do again so ended being a crap birthday meal for my wife 
Had one good meal here so came back - MISTAKE !! 
I was in the area and had to write a review of when I went here a couple of months back as it stuck in my memory as particularly awkward/humorous.  
We went in December on the off chance there would be a table. Luckily, or so we thought, they squeezed us in as we were only 2 and celebrating my wife's birthday. We went as they are 1 of very few places in kingston that serve oysters. These were served not on ice and at room temperature. Awful and a illness waiting to happen. When I mentioned this, it was me that was in the wrong apparently... I had asked for a second drink for both of us which never came and when I asked for the bill as we'd had enough of the poor service, they tried to charge me for drinks we'd never have and manager gave me attitude for bringing problems to his attention. Awful service and poor hsndly of potentially lethal produce. Avoid at all costs! 
I was looking for a nice bar to head for a few drinks with a girlfriend.  
It was my birthday yesterday. Some friends kindly invited me for dinner and we decided to go to the Canbury. Unfortunately we had 90 minutes of listening to another diners small children screaming whilst their parent did nothing about it. When we raised this with staff they told us that the pub has a curfew of 7.30 for children and they would be leaning by then. They did not. No one said anything to the father, the kids were tired but we’re also ruining everyone else’s experience. The manager Dan had a really bad attitude and basically told us to suck it up. The other manager, who’s name I didn’t catch was much better - but no one in authority spoke to this parent at all.  
Overpriced and seriously slow! Wont be going back! Waited over an hour for a simple dish whilst everyone around me had dish after dish after dish brought to them! Asked for my food 3 times before i gave up and left! 
Honestly the worst experience I've ever had with a take away service. I have never had to ring up on the poor quality of food before for any restaurant. 
We arrived to a overcrowded restaurant where the air con wasn't working so it was very hot. 
We had a family meal before meeting up with friends in London 
We had booked a table for 9people today and specifically asked for a table down stairs with space for a push chair. When we arrived today, they'd placed us upstairs and had completely ignored our requirements. The food was good, apart from the waiter rushing and telling us that they were closing the kitchen and restaurant. We couldn't even order a tea or desserts. This is a shame, as Me and my family always come here and have recommended a hell of alit of people from all areas. After today's experience, we won't be returning back.  
Oh dear. I am always a little concerned when a restaurant has aspirations to the dreaded star, but I had hoped that this apparently much-loved local venue would deliver good cooking and well-balanced flavours. Sadly, it wasn't to be. 
Ordered through Uber eats initially for it to be cancelled 45 mins later and then decided to order through deliveroo and collect and the order was completely wrong and just about edible  
This is in my top 3 list of worst indian restaurants to eat at, as soon as you go in you are given an over spiced lentil curry drink (dhaal) then waiters hover around you waiting for you to place your order - within ordering your food your starters come out in 5 minutes, tastes over spiced and just generally bad quality. typical indian takeaway style restaurant - a real shame as it looks nice inside and perfect location - i'm guessing the foot fall is high as well. I don't mind paying for good food but when the food is bad quality and full of too much sugar or salt somethings not right! 
We were feeling very sorry for the restaurant businesses in Locksbottom which have had to close. So when we saw the Istanbul Grill was still offering takeaway service we decided to give it a go. ( we have eaten there previously) 
They use to be really good before, then they became bigger, and the quality dropped. On two occassion, i ordered a delivery and both times i was not happy, first time it was the dessert...it was not sweet and looked like it had been made a few days ago, 2nd delivery was today and they did not complete the order and missed some items out. I am happy to accept these mistakes if the food was free...but when you pay for it and there are mistakes then thats very annoying. I wont be ordering from them again. If you guys order from them i suggest you check your order before accepting it at the door. 
We booked table and called to acknowledge them that we were running 10 minutes late . When we have arrived upon arrival stood for few minutes at the door ... One barmen and a waitress were preparing drinks at the bar and neither of them bothered to acknowledge us .After few minutes the older man acknowledged us and sat us at the table . Despite the fact that we booked he out us in the table that was available which was fine. There was no warm smiley greeting or whatsoever just frustrated looks as they seem to be busy but the restaurant was nowhere to be full. We sat there without a wine list or bread basket or anything for about 5 minutes . What really really surprised me that the waitress run past at least 3 times and never even offered at least water to keep us busy or to just aknowledge us. The other waiter went behind the bar to prepare drinks and then to clear near by table and the third one came to the next table to us asking them questions the couple seem to be waiting for ages . I work Inna restaurant and this came to me as a pure shock ! We were looking so much forward to this date night as we have a toddler and those are rear occasions. I've been here couple of times previously and it has been really good and the food was discent.This time was like a slap in our face . We stood up and left , despite the fact that the waitress was being the bar she never ever asked what's wrong why are we living etc. If I would have to give out of 10 I would go for 0. Terrible service . You just aknowledge people with a smile as they are customers . Your frustrations and miserable faces should be left at home once you step into serving people. I was really thinking whether to leave a comment or not but because I convinced my partner to go there he agreed that I should. We went to another restaurant and within 5 minutes we had our drinks on the tables , friendly waitress , the ow we chatting to us and a friendly manager running and recommending meals . Will never return or recommend this restaurant to anyone ... Terrible experience . Left really really dissapointed 
i would love to have been able to write a glowing review of Friends Restaurant but unfortunately we never got to eat there. I reserved a table for tonight about a month ago. The reservation was for four people at 7.30. At around 7, I thought I would just phone and check the booking because they had not phoned to confirm the reservation as good restaurants today so often do. It was fortunate I did so because, lo and behold, they did not have any record of my having booked! Nothing. Zilch. Even though I had had it repeated back to me on the phone when I made the reservation.  
Yesterday booked a table - then they called later on to say or booking had been canceled - second booking attempt today with our family - they took our drinks order without informing us first there was no lobster on the menu - So we left the restaurant hungry and the Rude waitress also insisted we pay for the drinks too - what a complete joke ! 
Booked in October for 3 people ,we are regular customers ,confirmed booking in December when we there with 5 friends.Only to arrive and be told we had no booking ,and was offered nothing .At 8.30 we now had to find somewhere that could accommodate us.Went to the Welcome Inn in Hornchurch,I can't thank them enough for finding us a table although they were fully booked .Will definitely not return to Rienna 's .They ruined our New Years Eve with out any type of compensation,just a sorry . 
We went and ordered the platter of sausage and one burger each. The sausage platter was average and for £12 we had expected it better. The burger wasn't that great either as it was tasteless and the bun is way to big. Added ketchup but it wasnt enough to make it tastier. The worse was after eating we both felt very heavy and once back home we got stomach ache all night and the next day also 
My wife and I went on a Friday night. We have been several times before and Lomitos has always been brilliant. 
Absolute joke it was my birthday and I booked my table for 3:15 turned up at 3:17 because of traffic and they gave my table away then offered me to wait for half hour for a table to become free rushing another table to eat there food when they had a table made for 4 people spare the attitude of the staff was disgraceful and I work in a restaurant my self and the standard time to hold a table for is 10 minutes and then a phone call to see if still coming but nothing like that from these 
So I went yesterday and I cut through my chicken cube and found a hair, the restaurant apologised but nothing else was done. Quiet shocking and totally would not record anyone else to go here as there’s no hygiene. God knows how many hairs there was, no flavour in the lamachun! After finding the hair we was still made to pay, you would of thought the two soft drinks would of been complimentary but no. Stay away the best advice I could give. 
Hello everyone, looks like a very good restaurant but let me tell u I got 1 long hair in my rice and 1 short black hair in my salmon in the space of 2 mins, I told manager and he laughed it off, none of the Turkish men working wore gloves beard or hair nets , I told the manager he laughed at me so folks if u want hair go there you will find plenty to complain about 
Monday, you're looking for somewhere to host an event in the summer. So pop to the Runnymede. Its local, good size, easy location for guests. Arrive at 12.30 reception say one restaurant is closed Mondays, that's fine understandable, but there are two choices left. The Lounge, which was essentially a large open space with tables filled mainly with business people grazing or the Leftbank restaurant.  
Looking forward to a nice evening without the kid, lovely atmosphere inside the restaurant. However it took 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order and after half an hour of waiting for someone to take our food order we walked out. The waiter even had the cheek to question how long we had been waiting for. I think we'd still be waiting to eat if we had stayed...  
Me and my friends visit this place as it was recommended my a friend and the reviews were good , so we decided to give it a try but it was a bad idea :( this restaurant is overpriced , meat is bad and the staff needs some more experience on give a good service and you wait to long :( plus I think that what you get in this restaurant you can get it anywhere and better ;)  
Came 10 mins Before lunch service! We were Rudely told to leave with a brush of a band (like a stray dog wanting food) !  
Friday night we win with friends a night out and we choose this restaurant but was wrong choice food tasteless not flavour 
After reading the reviews my husband booked for a meal for my birthday. Was given a table right by the door and against the wall which was dark. Asked to be moved and about 30 mins later we were offered another table which was in the light but because the place is very small they have crammed so many tables in we were still right by the entrance so people waiting were standing right up against our table whilst we were eating. Had to move my drink as it was almost knocked over by someone’s handbag while they were waiting to be seated.  
I had booked a table a week before date for 4 people at 4pm on a Sunday 
I ordered a meat moussaka. It was disgusting and if I had been in the restaurant it would have promptly been sent back. The meat moussaka consisted of a base of sweet potato followed by a layer of aubergine then a layer of courgette then a thick layer of a disgusting cheese sauce. I genuinely thought I had been served the vegetarian option but then found a minuscule bit of mince. It was awful. I’ve never liked the food from there but was desperate as I was shattered and didn’t want to cook. Never again. I also ordered a portion of bread. It would have been nice to have been told the meal already came with bread so there was a bin full of that. 
Came in last month for a meal in the afternoon on my own. Walked in to not a single soul in there. No staff to be found, shouted for some bodies attention. After standing there for 5 minutes in my own I left. Very disappointing. 
So unfortunately have to give this place a poor review. My wife and myself were walking around Windsor with our dog while waiting for car to have brakes done and fancied a cup of tea and a bit of breakfast. We walked all around Windsor and we thought this place looked nice. 
My girlfriend and I visited for dinner on Wednesday. The ambience downstairs is reasonably warm and service reasonably attentive, but this establishment needs to ask some serious questions of its chef and kitchen team. A "sausage platter" platter was a bizarre dish with 4 different kinds of sausages - one completely tasteless and another completely over cooked. A rather depressing looking sun dried tomato was lain out as accompaniment to this where maybe some quality mustard would have added to the lameness of the dish. Then came our main courses. Steak was exceptionally unexciting and nothing compared to other steak specialists in the area (this restaurant claims to be just that.) Swordfish was tasteless and drab in texture. An attempt at marinating had made no impact. We were astonished to find no cheese option on the menu and a dessert of profiteroles was sent immediately back with a requirement it be removed from the bill - it didnt even have cream or ice cream and instead was a dried up nothingness. The food was amateur and a chef/s need retraining. Meanwhile there are far better establishments in the area. 
Some friends invited us round for a curry at their house. 
Just bought a bacon sandwich - not offered brown or white bread. The toast was dry toasted white bread, with crisp bacon - not toasted together. It fell apart and was so dry and tasteless. How can you do a bacon roll badly! for £5 coffee and dry roll! 
My mother and partner went into the restaurant themselves to book her birthday meal on Weds 6th Feb they wanted 10th Feb 7:30pm which the waitress pleaded to book it for 6:30pm. My parents got there on time and waited 5 minutes to be greeted, afterwards two of the waiters questioned them what time and how many people which they stated. After a few minutes later it turned out they have given the table away to another couple who came a few minutes before 6:30pm and they have to wait at the bar until another table was available, a four people table was free my step father asked if they could have that table but got told they can't as its booked..even though by their thinking its ok to give tables away even if its booked? No apologies or free complimentary drinks and made 60/70 year olds to stand at a bar. Luckily they found another restaurant called Ask and my mums birthday was a success. 
Really really poor quality food and poor preparation. Such a shame that a place like this has so high review.  
Phoned to make sure they could do gluten free before attending with work party. The waiter didn’t know what was gluten free and when asked the chef neither did they, as I was told the mash and rice had gluten in. Worked out that I would have meat and grilled veg and when it was served to me it was on top of pita bread. Needless to say I didn’t eat anything at all !! 
Food extremely disappointing and unenjoyable 
Day after bank holiday, go there to celebrate my birthday with my family and order their steaks. Big mistake. They served us steaks that had clearly gone off and were barely edible - must have been left over meat from the bank holiday. Really awful. We were practically the only people in there and I now understand why. Please avoid. 
Oh Dear!!! 
Having visited this restaurant several times and had some very good food we were disappointed on this occasion with our visit. 
Visited this establishment for my brothers 40th with a number of his friends. Spent an absolute fortune. Had prawns to start then fillet steak. About 3 in morning woke up feeling ill & from then till 8pm the following evening I was horrendously ill. Sick with continuous stomach convulsions. The worst case of food poisoning I've ever had the misfortune to endure.  
The mush on which the small amount of quid was served for starter was extremely unpleasant. I had to send back the dauphinois potatoes which were undercooked and appeared to contain no cream or garlic. They were replaced with Rossi potatoes which were certainly not crisp and soft in the centre but a pile of sogginess. We drew the managers attention to our complaints he said look around you everybody else likes it and we've served these dishes many times tonight and nobody else has complained. Very poor value for £94 for 2. We've been many times before including having a large party there. I'm afraid we won't be going again. 
We visited on a Friday evening only the second table. Slow service the olives never arrived. The salmon was over cooked with dry undressed lettuce leaves as an extra dish. The chicken thigh presented beautifully was raw so sent back .it took a further 40minutes to reappear by which time we wanted to leave 
Food was mediocre. Staff pushy and miserable. Unwelcoming. Most placed when you spend nearly £200 give you a small drink as a thank you for your custom. Not here all you get is a smarmy waiter pushing you out the door. Happy mothers day to you. There are loads of Indian restaurants in the vicinity much better and cheaper. Never again  
The food is ok,atmosphere is nice,but better don't go there as the staff is rude and non proffesional (especially Rose) 
Extremely disappointed from the rude old lady, who served us. Food and place is fine, but will never be back as the staff is unprofessional and arguing with customer. I've also been told the manager is on holiday, so no one to complain about. 
Since the refurb the restaurant and customer service has gone done In  
I went with two families and was standing around for 10mins workers staring at my face not helping in anyway. Two people walked in after me and was approached by a girl serving and got a table. I asked one worker why im standing around and no one approaches me?! He did not know what to say. They spoilt oir dinner as we were looking forward to visiting this restuarant for the first time.  
For a hotel of this quality you would have thought that they would have had air conditioning in their main restaurant. Nothing. Were there last night. Customers were fanning themselves. The staff were sweating profusely. I felt sorry for them. Even a tiny restaurant on the high street has air conditioning. The owners of this hotel are 100% taking the mickey by not spending the money to provide a proper climate for both customers and staff. They should be ashamed of themselves. And to top it all, the food quality was poor. Have been there many times over the years owing to its great location on the river and good food. Something has seriously gone wrong with this retsutramt. It wasn't the staff's fault. Management and owners are to blame. Avoid at all costs. 
We where very disappointed in here after being a few times rushed our starter which prawn cocktail I counted five if lucky and then main was rushed wine is over priced especially oyster bay in Sainsbury 8 pound to selling it for over twenty five not good far too hot too will not rush back 
when ever i phone up they always want to either give me an earlier resavation or a later one dont matter what time i ask for it is almost like they dont want small bookings as i only try to book for n2 
I think to be fair that this is a shisha place only, and that the food is a add on rather than the other way round, which basically means don’t go there is you will not be smoking and expecting good food! 
I went here the other day on a nice summers afternoon to grab some lovely food. Ive been here before and the staff were very nice and chatty. As soon as we entered we sat down but then the waiter suggested that we sit by the window. We moved seats and found about 10 to 15 dead green flies on our table. When i requested to move to another seat the waiter said it was nothing and started to blow them away. I was still sittibg there. So he was blowing some in my lap! !! When i said i still wanted to move seats, the waiter went into a strop and barely spoke to us after this. It was a crappy experience with not so good food and i will not be going there again. 
I chose this restaurants from the good reviews and was very disappointed. 
They have 0 customer service can’t deal with customers asking them anything  
Service was amazing surrounding was lovely but food was terrible nothing but frozen food maybe microwaved at very expensive prices!!! Not good 
Can you give 0 stars? We ordered our takeaway at 7:15pm and were told it would be 45mins. At 8:30pm we try to call to ask for an update on our already 30 mins late (1 hour and 15mins total). After not answering the phone for 5-10 mins someone eventually answers to tell us that they are really busy and they haven't even started cooking it yet!!! Would you like us to start cooking it now?!? No, clearly not. No apology, its funny to think when would they have contacted us? Would they have called? Absolutely shocking. Lost a customer, Paya has retained a customer 
Very disappointing. Found some of the staff a bit unfriendly. Not a great atmosphere apart from the larger groups enjoying birthday celebrations. 
I think we had an off night as this place is quite well rated. Took my Mum and Dad for Dinner on a Saturday night and my Dad had a curry flavour Moules dish which tased and was nice but he was very ill top and bottom next day. I had a butterfly giant prawn dish which i couldnt cut easy so sent it back and they didi again without issue - i couldnt word out beacause of sauce if raw or over cooked if that makes sense. Its hard to compliment the rest when the next day two people are ill who didnt share food before or after that meal 
Come here alot for Sunday lunch usually the other restaurant but thought we would try this side for my husband birthday food not good cold service not good no plates cleared had to ask had to ask for a drink no one asked if everything was ok 
On arrival we were greeted by a lovely lady who seated us and explained the buffet options. We had 2 waiter/waitress assigned to our table who cleared glassware, plates and cutlery every couple of minutes. Plates were taken away although other people were still eating. Impossible to hold a conversation as we were constantly interrupted. We felt very uncomfortable and quickly finished our food. My husband requested the bill but the waiter stood right by his shoulder whilst he was inputting his PIN number making no attempt to avert his eyes. I spoke to the lady who seated us and explained what an awful experience we had had. She was very nice and said she wondered why we left so quickly. As we were having coffee etc in the lounge area she sorted out our bill which was very nice. However, this does not detract from such a dreadful experience and paying £120 for the privilege. 
Only interested in the money and profit on alcohol .used it a lot but went down hill especially as we booked a large table which they gave to other people because of their greed an expected us to sit separately 
at first it was perfect meat, but now its lines of thick gristle eg fat so ive stop buying there I was getting it 3 times a week 
I wrote a glowing review when we had lunch here last summer. We booked lunch for 6 last week and I can't believe the difference between the 2 experiences. The choice of the buffet was nowhere near as good as last time, no prawns or smoked salmon, as an example. The food selection was very bland, at best, and some of the food on the cooked choice was not at all good. I don't mind having my vegetable slightly under cooked but this time they were almost raw, this included the new potatoes, which were inedible. I can't believe how a chef can make such a mistake. I ended up with a plate of meat and nothing else for my main course. I complained to the manager who agreed to take of the cost of our drinks, this of course is not the point, what I wanted was an enjoyable meal, as the last time we were there. I also inquired about the poor selection for the buffet and I was told that they have a better range ail able at the weekends. Ok, I admit that I was aware that the weekends were more expensive, but I thought that it was because of demand. There is nothing on their web site which suggests that the food is of a lesser quality / selection if you have lunch on a week day. We will not be returning. 
Visited last night with friends and partner  
The evening was ruined by the fact the tables are all long so you can only communicate with the people next to/in front of you, the food WAS cold, the food service WAS slow but unsurprisingly the drinks were continuous, and the attitude of the management was poor. Unfortunately it would appear they cannot accept constructive criticism either, and the old saying of 'the customer is always right' clearly eludes them! However much they wish to apportion the blame of our poor experience on us, 13 people can't be wrong! Needless to say we won't be returning, and by the way, the people from Cambridge were not the late arrivals, we were the first! 
We visited for my friends 40th birthday on 27 December as part of a large party. I have never felt this uncomfortable in a restaurant. The staff at Assos said that they were unaware of how many children there would be. They were informed that children would be there, but had not asked how many. It’s understandable that there can be mixups like this and really shouldn’t be a big deal, but they repeatedly said how unhappy they were about the kids to a number of people in our party and I’m not really sure what the point being made was or what we were supposed to do about it. The lady waitress eventually informed us that children would be charged at £14 which was half the price of the adults set menu. For this price the kids would get the same starters as the adults and chicken and chips for main course- sounds fine we thought. Our children did not get starters and when we asked for some halloumi for them (which was a starter dish), it did not appear. So we paid £14 for chips, salad, three cubes of chicken shish and a strip of pitta - drinks were extra. The adults meal was also overpriced - having the waiter dish out one ring of calamari each is embarrassing, better to remove it from the set menu. I wanted to share my friends birthday with her so wherever she wanted to hold her celebration I would have gone along. However, I don’t appreciate being ‘told off’ by a restaurant and being made to feel unwelcome - the entire time we were in the restaurant we were stared at, counted numerous times(not sure why but it was unsettling) and made to feel like we were a very big inconvenience. I feel very resentful that I parted with the best part of £150 (once drinks were included) for my family of 5 to eat here. 
We have used this restaurant several times and it has always been excellent, however unfortunately on this occasion we felt extremely let down. The food took forever to arrive and when it did several of the main courses were cold. The waiter was unintentionally quite rude to my 84 year old father but otherwise tried his best. We were given reasons to why the food was taking so long and made to feel it was our fault as we hadn’t ordered any starters. When speaking to the owner she explained that the length of time for the food was perfectly acceptable. Unfortunately it’s not acceptable when we had family travelling from as far north as Cambridge for this evening to have the evening spoiled. The compensation that was offered was as insulting as the excuses that were given! Yes it was a Saturday evening and yes it was full, but any restaurant should be able to cope with the number of covers they have, with sufficient staff and serve food In a reasonable time. It was such a shame that for a restaurant that we’ve had such great times in that when things go wrong they could not accept their errors, apologise and compensate accordingly. Instead she chose to argue and refute all complaints, very poor customer service! 
Was disappointed especially as they closed for refurbishment and when they re opened they changed the ambience which for me changed the atmosphere didn't enjoy it or the service and won't be going back 
Not impressed by the food 
Absolutely awful. Waiters too busy chatting amongst themselves to serve, chips arrived after the main course had gone cold, lamb overcooked, dry and rubbery. Place looks great but is grubby. Don't go here, its thoroughly terrible 
Went today with my mum for a lunch,staff were disinterested our main was just awful and our naan bread was stale.never going back the worst indian meal we have ever had 
Wondering if there's been a change of ownership as service & quality have plummeted & all staff new (where is Emre Tunc). Visited for first time since lockdown - was told I couldn't pay by card, cash only (which is worryingly against current safety advice). As I had to accept change out of the till I asked for hand gel which they did get for me. Staff did not wear gloves at all. Whilst waiting for my order another customer had to point out items had been missed from his. No menu or prices on display at all. Although my chips smelt so lovely & inviting I was majorly disappointed - pale & bland. Won't be going back. 
Saturday i ordered two small Cod and chips,The chips was warm and cold..The Cod was thick with batter and held alot of grease like it was battered twice and fried again, the batter was dark colour. 
We have now visited this restaurant twice the first time dreadful food, service ok but as it was a friends occassion and they had booked Asos we went with an open mind thought maybe first visit a one off.... No service was abrupt waited 45 minutes for our drink only to brought the wrongs ones ok we thought busy Saturday night but it continued to go down hill the food was of very poor quality over compensated with saturation of sauce and undercooked meat we did not complain on the evening as it would of been unfair to ruin someones else's evening so we called the resturant the day after to speak and discuss the service and food my partner spoke to the chef who was on the previous evening and we said we was disappointed by the evening but felt it was not polite to do this on the night only to be told by the chef over the telephone that we had obviously never eaten in l a place of Asos quality which was an insult to ourselves as he was getting very personal we did not want our money back or a free meal but felt that is was of poor service and quality he refused to discuss this any further and i said that we would leave a review on trip advisor as he was unprepared to listen to our complaint he finished the conversation with foul words and abusive comments then slammed the phone down... Great Customer service..... 
I have lived in this area for 18 years,I’ve been too most fish and chips shops in the Northolt area. Yes I thought I’d found the one decent fish and chips shop. Too my surprise yesterday I was given monkfish as cod, from CODFATHER. Great staff, poor food. Too think you can getaway with conning the local’s. I’LL NEVER EAT THERE AGAIN 
I don't normally do reviews, but feel I have been left with no other option than to let people know. In February a group of us went to Riennas for my mum's 60th. My mum had pre ordered a dozen oysters and when we came to eat them on the day the waitress told us that the chef said 3 out of the 12 oysters were substandard and he wasn't prepared to serve them to us. The others we consumed. Subsequently the 4 people who ate the oysters had violent stomach cramps and diarrhoea. I would like to say that the rest of the food we ate that evening was incredibly nice. 
Treated like fodder and made clear we were a problem to them as they had a bigger party to worry about. We were given an ultimatum that we had limited time at out table and made to feel very rushed. Been here before but standards have slipped significantly. The comment made by one waiter that 'time is money' says it all. Portions also seem to have shrunk. 
Visited poor boys on the 28th October after I saw a friend post some pictures of what looked like great food! We were the first people in the restaurant that day! 
I hate giving bad reviews especially when I haven't eaten somewhere! I came in with my wife at about 11:45 on Sunday for the brunch advertised as being so good here on TA. The place was completely empty and we were greeted with "I don't think we do brunch but here's a lunch menu"! 
Absolutely stone cold and tasteless rubbish food. Completely ignored our order request. 
from the reviews we decided to try it. Service so bad, time wise, people chasing their dishes and taking over an hour per course and it wasn't even busy. Pad Thai noodles hard and chicken had 'jelly like' texture. I are coconut rice and green curry sauce only. Starter was £11.95 for a mixed starter and tasteless. Back to Regional Thai Taste. You really do get what you pay for there. 
After making a booking 3 - 4 weeks before and putting in the notes about my allergies, the restaurant calls me up on the day of the booking to tell advise me that it would be better that I didn’t come because of risk of cross contamination. There was no response as to why they could not have informed me earlier as to why they could not accommodate me. This is despite eating in ‘Bills’ the night before who were made aware of my allergies 3-4 weeks before and WERE able to accommodate me. I will not be eating at this establishment and urge others to avoid if you have even a slight issue with allergies as they will not be able to make adjustments to include you. Don’t waste your time or money. 
Stopped by with my family after a day of shopping to relax and have some cake. I should have taken it as a red flag when the red velvet cake handed to me did not come from the case, but from another cake all together. It was dry, stale, and inedible. Tasted like it was days old. To think their cakes cost 2.80 per slice. It was such a disappointment. We will NEVER go back. If you value your money, stay away too, there are loads of great cafes in Windsor. 
Based on responses by the restaurant to previous negative reviews, before writing this review I tried contacting the restaurant to discuss the issue but they have ignored me. I joined a group of ten people for a birthday party, I specifically ordered a vegetarian dish and was served a meat dish. Once the mistake was realised (by me) the restaurant only offered to not charge me for the incorrect meal and a complimentary drink. They appeared keen not to bring to the attention of the other diners their error. Other than this, the service to the other diners appeared fine. 
I found this restaurant average in most ways.  
I took the liberty to try and purchase a take-away from this place last night. If you not happy to pay £25 + for one rice dish on the take away menu and one currry meal - then please do not waste your time here. I did buy a drink for £5.95 (bottle of beer) to savour while I waited, but due to the unhelpful staff member and the high cost for a take away for one, I left the beer and went back to my favaourite curry house in New Malden.  
There are two reasons one goes out to eat.... One the ambiance and two the food... On both counts Number One Thai fails... The atmosphere was depressing and the food tasted like frozen Iceland starters... Hearing the microwave constantly ping did nothing to reassure me of the quality... The only positive was the friendly staff... Number One Thai I feel underestimate the palate of the now well traveled and dined Brit! Insulting! 
Recently went to this chip shop, and ordered fish and chips. Being very busy, they obviously can't cope I had to ask for my change and when I went to put salt and vinegar on my chips the man asked why I'm interfering I then said they are my chips and I'm the customer. Extremely rude, and the fish was very oily, I will go to the one near Northolt Station in future better fish and chips and service. 
Worse valentine dinner I have ever had.Good service with a smile. At the time of booking ,I asked can we order from the menu,as we didn’t want to opt for the set menu, the answer was a stern no!! it’s only al a carte, while we were eating , we saw that the others in the restaurant were ordering their meal from there menu. 
We came to assos for our Christmas dinner . 14 of us.  
I love sutton but this place is awful. Regional thai tase or song kran in cheam are soo much nicer. Or as the title says, KFC!!!! 
Unbelievable!! Why people say this is the best Thai restaurant, we just tried takeaway, was not good. Try Original Thai in Cheam, there is no comparision 
This was the most disgusting and blatant fraud  
We ordered food but the waitress did not put the order through the till. It took 50 minutes before any member of staff bothered to check on our table. 
I was excited to come to this restaurant as I love Louisiana food, we hardly ever come to Kingston as we live far away, and were meeting friends in the area.  
This was our second visit - we loved it last time, so we were really looking forward to it. Booked for Father’s Day for the family. 
I rang to confirm we could have a table. The guy said “yes fine come down we will serve all customers ”. We arrived at 9.30pm after getting a taxi six miles from the hotel only to be turned away and told it’s full. There is very little in the area to do so we had to order yet another taxi out the area. Very unhappy, unhelpful and a waste of time and money! 
The Codfather started delivering via UberEats (at inflated prices). Put an order in and they didn't send the saveloys and when we phoned they said we were asking for tartare sauce. Told us they couldn't do these deliveries as they had 20 people at the door waiting to be served - after already taking my money! 
Me and my friends visited this restaurant and did not enjoy our experience there at all. Decor was ok but the food was very bland and you could see they were trying very hard to make a effort but I think some of the presentation was over done. It's not for me!!! 
I have just thrown my Indian Take away from the shampan In Welling in the bin. It was the worst Indian I have ever eaten. The curry was like yellow water and. Tasteless, with big junks of chicken.. Rice was bland and extremely dry. Onion bhaji and pappadums very oily. this is the first time we have had a take away from there - never again. The prices are medium up for an Indian meal. I certainly will not return. 
This place looked nice on the outside , the service was poor , the prices were the same as a place in central London and food was so poor i wouldn’t even give it to my dog . 1 star is being generous 
I visited this restaurant on 14 November 2014 with a group of friends. I booked a table for five, for 7 pm. Although the food was nice, our dinner plates were taken away abruptly and we were quickly offered coffee without any mention of seeing a dessert menu. So I asked the waiter for a dessert menu and it was placed on the table but removed before we were able to order. A short while later the bill was placed on our table and despite complaining about being rushed, we were ushered out of the restaurant door by 8:15 pm. This was a very disappointing evening. I hadn't seen my friends for a while and I felt, as we all did, that I had outstayed my welcome after being in this restaurant a very short while. 
We regularly come here, but when we presented the £15 off voucher that we were given in return for writing a review we were met with shoddy service and an aggressive manger who claimed that he had no idea what we were talking about, even though it was the restaurant who sent us the voucher in the email. The manager held his hand up to me and told me to 'calm down' when I asked what the problem was.  
Let's get one thing straight, the food is very good and me and my girlfriend used to regularly visit this restaurant. 
Went into the Beirut Nights during the afternoon to watch a game, the venue is stunning but that's as far as this place goes. 
Called them first to ask if we can book a table on the terrace and they told me yes and placed the reservation. Arrived at time and they told us that they don't do reservation so we waited for a table. The tables are too close to each other, place is extra crowded, owners want to seat as many people as they can in a small area. Service is really bad, you need to ask for everything 4 or 5 times. Food is ok and shisha is below average. Juices are good 
We are often in Kingston and after a shop at bentalls found this place and thought why not let’s try it.  
I’ve been coming here for years, cannot fault the food. However every time I visit the service ALWAYS so bad. 
This is a place that’s trying too hard to look fancy. Only if they tried a little bit to make good food and have decent service but NO NO NO …  
went to this shop expecting it to be clean considering it has just been refurbished the chips were hard fish was greasy sausage was raw person who served me was wearing dirty apron i thought he was a bullder yes thats how dirty they were needless to say i got the runs shortly after eating food avoid this place at all costs it is not cheap either 
Cramped from the beginning and as a result got burnt by coal. After one bite into starters, handed bill and asked to leave. No one said on arrival that theres a time limit or when we ordered starters mains and drinks. Paid for food we didn't even get a chance to eat. Awful customer service and an overall shambles. 
I am a regular here but disappointed with my order. Bottom of the pile chips cold and fish full of batter and thing fillet for a large fish. 
The shisha flavours are nice, but the shisha terrace is very very cramped. You won't get much privacy and If you want to go toilet it'll be a very big hassle. 
I was here early Saturday evening with a group of work colleagues to smoke shisha, when we got there we noticed straight off that the staff was very amateur and very slow to do anything! 
having had a bad experience here once before involving a pink slimy uncooked chicken shish which they didn't put right I foolishly gave them a second chance and they decided to ignore myself and five other customers waiting patiently in the queue for 10 minutes choosing instead to only serve those that could speak Turkish... I phoned to complain....the owner didn't care and the "supervisor" who was basically just the waitress that answered the phone seemed to think it was justified to ignore the English and serve the Turkish. 
Ordered a filet steak and the meat was very cheap meat ,stringy and fatty.really disappointed .the cocktail however was gorgeous .first time I went the food was great , second time was a big let down .dont think I'll be going back  
if you would like a very long wait for each meal. 
I recently went to poor boys for my birthday as part of a group of 8, the majority of us had ordered the "unlimited wings". 
It started off badly. I looked up the menu on the web before going to the restaurant, then found they had changed it when we arrived, so the choice we wanted was not available and frankly we would not have gone if we had known (I double checked after the meal and found the menu had still not changed). 
Just dont bother. The food is really poor. Vesta meets chip shop. So sorry I was optimistic before we went. The Maitre D is charming and does his best but it is a hard sell 
The service was slow . Food was so so , not aromatic, over spiced , I don't think the spices had been cooked off enough. The children's tikka masala ,my daughter couldn't eat , this is usually a dish which she enjoys . It actually tasted and looked as if a tin of tomato soup had been poured over chunks of chicken . Irish coffee ...... never seen one prepared this way !  
Arrived on Saturday evening with friends.. were asked to take a seat for a couple of minutes whilst seating became available- minutes turned into 2hours with no explanation of the lengthy delay. We then spoke to someone who appeared to be managing and were completely fobbed off! We left after a 2hour wait with no apology! 
Went here with a couple of friends during a afternoon. They had maybe 5 people altogether but service was rubbish. No staff were attentive we had to get up 4 times to get the service. Shisha coal we had to call him several times. Ridiculous, even though it was empty! Better off else where. 
I wouldn't advise anybody to spend a dime here,  
So we went from Essex to north west to see what this place was about. Customer service was awful we did not pay the service charge, employees are awfully miserable. Food was not the best, I've had better local and paid far less for quality food. Cold food, will never go back again. Don't bother doing here, save your money. Don't know what the hype is about 
Takeaway from Ask Italian was poor. Small portions - the seafood linguini had very little seafood and the lasagna tasted like a ready meal. The food arrived lukewarm. Not value for money. 
I would like to express my utter disappointment with my visit to beirut nights this time. Service was disgustingly slow. There was one waitress for the whole restaurant basically. I had taken a friend who had just arrived from Bangladesh to give her a Lebanese experie nce. She ordered a milkshake which she received almost an hour later she had placed the order. Poor her. Another friend had been looking forward to ordering desserts, but was refused and told that staffing was limited so we would have to wait over an hour. Ordering drinks was also a mission and we has to prod the waitress a few times before we actually got any results. To add to out disastrous experience, three staff members suddenly appeared out of nowhere (Where were they when we wanted our redbulls and crepes?) And told us we would have to move seats. Utter nonsense! Worst experience ever. 
Come here all the time. Food is great, but this time service was crap! Was made to get up from our table believing that we had a seat outside for shisha as promised by the waiter. But was then told we had a 1 and half hour wait by the manager. Was so annoyed as the waiter just wanted us to get up. Poor service. Been coming here for the last few years. This is the last time!!!! 
it was very bad exprience service was really bad and rice and meat was smelling we ask for tea to be served after food but waiter left it on the table before  
Was so looking forward to this & my first visit. It turned into a shocker unfortunately. Booked in advance, all confirmed by email, but on arrival - no booking, no table!  
I had only heard good things about this restaurant.  
So I was persuaded by friends to visit this place again. Where shall I start shisha don't last long, food came an hour late, waiters don't care management dont care...customer service is a joke. To top it off you know get charged 1p for tap water lol who charges 1p for tap water amazing place this is if you want to get slapped around and get ripped off then please do visit this place. 
My spaghetti had been under the lamp and my partner's pasta was cold. No apology but the worst aspect was the disgusting smell of blocked drains coming from the kitchen. We have been coming here for years and it's sorry to see it going downhill over the last year or so. 
Told to wait for 5 mins, we sat for 20 mins... 
I Would not eat here again or recommend this restaurant, which was a real shame.It was very disappointing for my daughter, as we had attended for a mother and daughter pre celebration dinner for her 19th birthday.  
Five of us had a very ordinary experience. The food was ok, and typical 'modern' Indian cuisine. 
Went for dinner on a Wednesday night. The waitress serving us was polite and helpful. Apart from that, the rest of the roz ana experience was terrible. I'd been looking forward to visiting the place from all the reviews as its local to me. Best part of the meal was the popadoms. It took them 40 min to get our wine (apparently because they were catering to a private function next door, but I don't get why it should affect customer service in the restaurant).  
Used to go to Beirut nights a lot for Sheisha & food etc, used to be a huge fan but not anymore. Went on a Friday night, understandably they were busy but firstly was given a tiny table to accommodate 7 people, followed by waiting 2 hours for our food with it still not having arrived. After complaining to the staff, instead of being apologetic started to argue and be extremely rude. Will never go here again! 
There was a birthday party booked for the same night we visited at which there were at least 40 guests.We were seated at the back next to the party tables. The guests decided it would be acceptable to stand up next to the bar and also stand in their designated area. The staff were making no effort to get the guests seated and were even serving them drinks. After half an hour I complained to the manageress, who said that the seating area wasn't ready. This was a lie as the tables were ready to sit at. After another 15 minutes I again complained and was told this time that she had asked the guests to sit down but they weren't listening. During all of this time the crowd at the bar behind where we were sitting kept barging into our chairs and the noise they were making was horrendous. 
Try this restaurant as soon as you can because it will not be there much longer! Absolutely the worse food ever. Three of us were the only diners last Thursday evening. We had egg brik to start, greasy pastry clearly cooked in oil at too low a temperature. Also a barley and lamb soup, which appeared to have substituted rice for barley; I think the bread baquette was supplied by Tesco but it was acceptable. We followed this course with couscous and lamb shank. The couscous was like soup with no flavour and the lamb was dried up and smaller than a chicken thigh. I suspect we went on the chefs day off. The couscous was reheated in a microwave by adding water, and the lamb had been reheated several times. There were no cooking smells from the kitchen where the owners son said his mother was cooking. £75 for three excluding drinks. What a shocker. 
Looked promising, no buggies, no noisy tables, subdued lighting etc. But that’s where it all ended.  
One of us has an allergy to nuts. When we spoke to the manager before ordering food, he was quiet rude about it and said the risk of cross contamination is VERY high and he recommended us not to have a meal and leave the place. He also added that with an allergy we should not be anyway eating out at any other restaurant. We found this very insulting since we didnt ask for his opinion. Living with an allergy for many years now, I perfectly know that there is a risk in any kitchen, however staff is usually nice and accommodating anywhere else. This rude man gave us the impression that they don't know what its going on in their own kitchen and clearly was not interested on the costumers 
Booked online, turned up on time and was given the choice of a door by the door or one at the back. Took the one at the back. Big mistake, initially it seemed the table we were given also came with a cloak of invisibility. The outgoing lady who showed us to the table disappeared and left us to be looked after by another woman. Waited and waited to be asked if we'd like a drink and eventually (we were two minutes from walking out) after almost 20 minutes, I caught her eye and asked if we could order. She was preoccupied at what can only be described as a bread station, cutting bread and staring into space. We finally ordered starters of fish cakes (good but a lot of potato in them) and chicken livers (served in a way to disguise the small number) and mains (the monkfish from the specials board was excellent but the fillet steak was poor and for £26 was a joke). 
Sat booked for my partner sat next to table with kids atmosphere loud and busy. Manager told me always busy and basically not to go on Saturdays if wanting a nice quiet meal for two. Food bad brushetta awful fish stew awful don't go much better places in Richmond Chez Lindsay down the road won't disappoint. 
Deceptive and HAIRY FOOD. So 4 of us all got mocktails and ordered our mains. My brother and I both got the mixed grill which was tasty but overpriced for the portion, my sister got a chicken grill but 5 minutes in she found a small hair (looked like an eyelash) underneath the chicken in the marinate (I can understand how a small mistake like this can occur) they apologised and said they'd make her another one.  
Unfortunately when I visited with my family recently the experience was terrible. We ordered 4 of the curried goat with sides for the adults, a kids burger and chips for my eldest and a portion of fries for my 2 year old. Firstly the mains came out and we were kept waiting for the sides. We had to call a waitress over because all the curried goat mains were only just warm. They were then taken away and the sides were bought out.  
I've been here a few times and I've never had a good experience, over priced, shisha is bad, bad seating (be prepared to be cramped), bad customer service. I've noticed females get better service and free stuff. I won't be going back here and there is much better shisha lounges in London that charge way more less.  
After hearing a lot about this place decided to go with a bunch of friends. 
I must say I went to dine here anticipating a nice meal with great atmosphere. Initially everything appeared to be going well, we got a nice table and got it quite quickly, the waiter appeared to be friendly and alerted us to a platter meal deal that he deemed amazing value for money. The platter cost around 20 pounds and included starters . The starters came out and looked extremely subpar, calling them starters is insulting , they were pieces of bread with some bad tasting veg and sauce. The waiter then told us not to fill ourselves up as the mains would be filling, we were subsequently shocked to find, once that mains arrived, that they were absolutely TINY!!. They tasted poor and I am not exaggerating when i say we literally had about four tiny skewers of sheek kebab between us, alongside tiny portions of chicken and a lot of bread.  
Terrible, Rude Staff, Rush to get rid of you so they can seat new customers. Dont speak much english. Dont deserve the one star atall, Made us very uncomfortable so we left. Never to return again. Not recommended 
Went there for my husband birthday. The starters were ok but nothing special. The main course was just terrible, old smelly meat and undercooked duck! We are never planning to go again! 
As a regular of Roz ana, I am a fan of the food, however a recent experience there proves that restaurants are not just about food. 
went with friends (another couple). Booked table, was ready when we arrived, nice table by the window. Unfortunately the table was wobbly which was really annoying throughout the meal. The female owner didn't even say hello once despite the fact we have been loads of times. The service was good yet apart from that everything else wasn't. The food was average, on the poor side. My liver was overcooked first time round, second was so veiny was inedible. Taken off the bill. We will never go back again as really disappointed. 
Very disappointed with this Staines branch today. My partner and I were looking forward to a good lunch and drinks. I’ve written a great review before as well. What a shame! Only to be told by the waiter very abruptly that it’s reservation only and walked away! I was there about 2pm. Most of the lunch crowd were gone. Three quarter of the tables were empty! Perhaps that why.  
Food is good but... this is a place where you waste your time. You have to wait for too long to get a table, to get the menu, to get served and even to pay. Bad experience! 
Upon arriving we were greeted and shown where to park. The room was small but had everything we required. The food, freshly cooked was really nice - snack (large portion) and breakfast, whatever we wanted. 
Decided to visit this place based on the good reviews, but sad to say did not live to expectations. 
Went there after 6 months, 1st experience was very bad harsh shisha seems like they don't fill 
Been here many times past few weeks. Shisha is always harsh. No matter how many times i go. Such a shame. Ambience is nice. Staff nice. Food okay. Shisha bad :( 
We had a nice meal here recently but tonight no babysitter... So thought take away! Looked on web ... Menu decided... Mouth watering... Phoned through... "Sorry," they said "too busy to do delivery." Ok not good... We'll have a take away then ... " too busy for that as well!" Not impressed if they can't provide the service don't advertise it... Left a nasty taste in the mouth ... Ordering from the Thai next door always great on service 
I ordered a glass of wine to go with my meal - I was horrified that at 7.50 a glass it was about a fifth full - don't take the mickey out of regular customers or may be Lomito don't care?! 
Very let down by the standard here, had a very unpleasant steak. The prawns were bad too, no taste and badly prepared. I few of my group found the experience similarly poor. Won't be returning. 
We visited the restuaunt 22 February. We waited 30 minutes before they ordered our drinks and food and then after finishing our starters we waited over an hour for our main meal. The food was awful. The meat was so tough we couldn't eat it and left most of the meal. We wasnt the only people having an awful experience that evening. One family with children were waiting an hour just to pay their bill. Lots of people were saying never again will they go back. 
Ordered through Deliveroo, it was nearly an hour late and when it did come it was cold and inedible... very disappointing but better than earlier in the week when it didn’t even arrive! 
I was at annayu today and ordered the 3 course set menu 
We thought the hotel good and the reception staff helpful and friendly. Overall we found the hotel good value but we found thid restaurant absolutely appalling in every aspect - especially the food which was the least authentic Indian cusine I have tasted for many years. 
When Saturday evening got a table for two no problem but was put in corner waited 20 minutes to get service to order still no sign of any staff had to go find some one too order,i ordered a burger came to my table super well done looked like something that was on bbq for a hour(i have posted a picture of my burger) 
Starting from front desk to billing --everywhere lacking and carelessness attitude clearly noticeable. 
Probably our worst meal ever. On arrival we were told to order 2 lots of poppadums for a family of 4. Portions were huge and poppadum stale so most of it was left on the table. My husband' monkfish curry tasted off. I tried it myself and and had to spit out the fish as I was worried it would make us ill. Never tasted something as strange a flavour in a curry. We love trying new curries...The kids chicken tikka came cold and tasted funny so they just filled up on nan bread. The restaurant recommended the lamb rogan josh to replace the monkfish curry... it arrived within 2 minutes and was also cold and greasy. My chicken biryany was okay, but as the rest of meal was so awful we were keen to leave as soon as possible. Even though they refunded my husband's food, the bill was pretty high considering the poor quality of both the ingredients and the cooking. Needless to say we won't ever be going back. I suppose that it bring an airport hotel location, that is why they don't really care for repeat business. 
My girlfriend and I were visiting Richmond after a triumphant win by Bath Rugby at Twickers.  
Tried once  
My friends and I stayed at the Radisson and chose to eat at Annayu before flying out the next morning. We booked a table for 20:30 and our table was still not ready at 20:50. We were left to wait in the door way - we could have been offered a drink in the bar next door and someone fetch is when the table was ready - but no! 
A place to meet however never again...a male bar staff was so rude that Pigs Ears have now lost us as their customers......that's 8 of us.. 
Wouldn't recommend. 
They were very accommodating pushing tables together after we arrived with a booking for 6 people. Would have been nice if this was done before we turned up. We were offered table water more or less straight away but had to wait 15 minutes for someone to take our drinks order, which was wrong when it arrived, we ordered our food at the same time , we'd been in the restaurant for over an hour before our food came. 
I am not satisfited what I got from this place. I came in with friend on sunday evening. Wasnt very busy, around 25 People. 2 waitress on the floor couldnt manage at all. Half an hour waiter for drinks is definitely too long. I pop to The bar and I asked bartender if i could take away my drinks for myself to The table cuz they are here for 15 mins and nobody care about them... food and drink were nice, i cant complain about that but service disaster. Waitress didnt do check back, I had to ran after her everytime when i needed extra drink or extra sauce etc.. and this mess around , was super discusting to see this.. staff floor should clean as they go.  
Booked for 8 p.m. In 2 hours 10 minutes one drink not two, one lotf olives, i calimari, The waitress seemed confused and people around us were leaving, In the end we walked out. OThe neighbouirng table had waited 2 hours for pizza and they gave us some and prosecco. A table fo 4 waited hours for olives and starters. They should never have attempted a 4 course Valentines meal with so many covers. The manager should be fired. We will NOT return! Far too noisy. People were leaving in droves. 
What a disaster! I personally booked in the Restaurant with the manager in charge of seating for a table for 4 at 8.15pm & spoke to her about bad reviews I had read on website. She assured me they would have many more staff for Valentine's night for the special 4 course set menu & she said all would be fine & no problem with booking. 
There was a large group of us. Approx 14 who visited ASK on Sunday. Our waitress was lovely and by the end of the meal just didn't know what to say anymore. It took over 2 hours before we received our main course. In the time we were waiting smaller tables had arrived, eaten, paid and left. We would have left but we had some small children in the group and not feeding them wasn't an option. Lol. Once the food finally arrived it was fine but nothing special. We may have been better staying in. our waitress kept trying to apologise but even then our drinks didn't come, the kids meals were wrong. It was just all a bit of a shambles. Don't go here with a group as it is probably too much for the kitchen staff to handle. 
Food disgusting....  
We ordered the jerk chicken starter for two!! When it arrived the wings and ribs were hot on the outside but cold on the inside!! We told our server who took them away a few minutes later we were given a bowl with the same ribs and wings we had before and they had just been zapped!! So we had meat that had been re-heated twice!!  
This was an unforgettably terrible experience. I was at the restaurant with a family of ten on an empty sunday afternoon and my god... to start, our drink orders were taken by an extremely rude, short spoken and aggressive waitress who when I asked if they would allow for a pint of apple juice she practically shouted, "no". And told me I would get just the normal apple juice.  
Visited TB earlier today and I would have loved to be able to experience this restaurant. Upon being seated we noticed there were many people with no food...or even drinks. Two waitress staff were really struggling to service the 20-30 people in the restaurant and the one solitary chef looked frazzled. When we asked how long the food would take we were informed at least 30 minutes but could take a lot more. Considering we had already sat there for 15 minutes without the offer of a drink we got up and left. On the way out we saw some other folks we knew who had also been told that they should probably leave if they needed to eat any time soon... I get the feeling the restaurant won’t exist for much longer based on this level of service. Not the fault of the waiting staff necessarily, who are desperately in need of some help serving customers. The poor chef may need to seek counselling as the poor guy was running around like Basil Faulty....!  
I'm very upset about my trip to turtle bay in Staines I came in on Sunday with a couple friends for some cocktails and food the food took way too long to come and when it did come the food was cold. Also when we went to the bar for a drink our order was wrong and the bar was disgustingly sticky, do you even clean the bar?  
How this place gets good reviews I have no idea.  
We arrived on a Saturday night at around 9.30pm, I asked the waiter if it was ok to still order food, he said yes it was. We sat down at a dirty table and waited for the waitress to bring us a menu. After about 15 minutes I asked the waiter if we could order, he replied "has no one given you any menus yet", we replied "no". 
My friend and I decided to go to ASK Restaurant in Beckenham Saturday night. I was disappointed and unimpressed from the beginning we walked into the restaurant. We were seated in the corner near the bar, my first impression of this so called restaurant was that the table was greasy and sticky, after waiting almost 15 minutes or longer we greeted by one of the male staff behind the bar, and that was only because I had to make eye contact with him to be noticed. I then proceeded to tell him that the table needed to be cleaned, he sent over his female colleague who came over and cleaned the table. We then were given a menu to chose from. We decided to go ahead and have the calamari, well that was a big mistake, we were not impressed by the calamari was presented and also slapped on a plate with a accompany sauce slapped in the middle of the plate, very shabby presented and made it look unappetizing.  
Went with my husband on Saturday Lunchtime.. Now I realise why it was so quiet! 
I went with my husband on a Saturday night the service was awful I ended up with icecream on my lap! The food was awful luckily I have been to other Ask restaurants and they were ok  
Today I decided to visit Turtle Bay, Staines having visited the Crawley restaurant many times and satisfied on every occasion. However, I cannot say the same for Staines. The wait time between being seated and waited on were 20+mins, this was very disappointing especially with only 2 others tables having guests.  
We took our 11 month old son to Ask in Beckenham on Saturday. The restaurant was empty apart from one other family but the manager decided to put us on a table right next to the other family which clearly made them (and us) uncomfortable. We therefore moved oursleves to a table further away only to be told by the manager that he had put us there so that all families could be together and so that we didn't put non-family tables off coming to the restaurant! This was Saturday afternoon in a very family orientated town where restaurants are full of families; so all very bizzare and we therefore stayed at the table we had chosen. 
Trip Advisor flagged this place up for me. Their web-site looked good so I decided to visit last Friday. I knew they close for a couple of hours in the afternoon so I planned the day carefully. I even knew what I wanted to order when I got there! 
Firstly i had ordered the vegetarian platter. Ince it had arrived the grilled mushroom and pepper was amazing with the mango and halloumi flatbread. But there was no plantain  
I award 1 star as the food was ok, but otherwise, the service was awful and it was a very unpleasant experience. A booking had been made in September for a special birthday and when attending in November, they didn't even have the table ready, with the requested high chairs. The waiter huffed and puffed throughout service (there were only 2 people working the floor). They lost our drinks order and it was a good 30 mins between the first 2 courses and only 8 of us and 2 babies. We had to ask for the bill 3 times and an automatic 12% service charge was added to the bill - for what, I ask? 
Booked this restaurant 5-6 weeks ago, for 8 people plus 2 high chairs and a child in a disabled buggy. When we got there table was not quite ready, and baby chairs were not in place. Food was reasonable but our service was appalling and there was no facilities for the disabled child who had to be taken home to change. It was a special birthday and it certainly did feel like that - so disappointed and the attitude of the waiter was awful and we spent a good bit of money with a bad service. Disgusted! 
We went here with our parents and were really looking forward to a great selection of beers and tasty ribs! The selection of beers is really good but the bar staff were miserable and unhelpful. You would expect in a place with 70 beers that they would want to talk about the selection and help you choose. Not the case, it was as if we were an annoyance to them. One man behind the bar also absolutely stank of BO, so much so that I had to move away from the bar.  
Amazing atmosphere, fun deco, staff not helpful, drinks are yum. And food is shockingly bad... 
Booked a table for 10 for Christmas Day. Five weeks before we had to cancel due to a member of the family not being well. They would not return the deposit paid. They have no cancellation policy and in November had not bought the food for Christmas Day. Or had they and it was in the freezer? They said that if places were rebooked deposit returned. She lied! On Saturday 19 December we rang and said that only 7 were now going to be there only to find out that 5 places were rebooked. Surely the table of 10 was still ours until told otherwise, which they didn't. They could however accommodate 5, 6 at a squeeze but not 7. No good for us. She the owner will not give us back a penny as she is losing money. A businesswoman - obviously not - as didn't even have a waiting list in November in case people cancelled. She is rude and I would never give her my custom. Be warned! 
What were the issues: 
Epic fail. Opened over an hour late. The bar tender was willing to serve us at that point but we were promptly escorted out by another 'gentleman'. Crap service. Won't go again. Won't recommend to anyone. Fail. 
It is what it is, a chain that gives the masses a watered down version of how amazing carribean food really is and that's fine, and having spent a lot of time in the west indies i know it's not gonna be that authentic but what I do take umbrage with is the fact that we ordered take out from this branch and what was delivered was insulting. I ordered jerk chicken and what arrived was a piece of chicken no bigger than a McDonalds chicken nugget along with a ton of soggy coleslaw and for some weird reason a huge chunk of watermelon. Never in my life have I been to a west indian restaurant and had watermelon with jerk and if you gave someone that portion size in a proper carribean restaurant with people that know this food there would be uproar. Upon raising a complaint with the restaurant themselves they were very offhand rude and patronising and the overall experience was dire. I wouldn't normally complain this much but the last 2 times we actually went in to the restaurant to eat we ordered chicken dishes and were told sorry our delivery hasn't turned up order something else, so theres obviously a supply chain issue.sort it out turtle bay Staines you are an insult to fab carribean cuisine and scamming your customers  
Met with friends at 7pm. Immediately got a drink and a menu.  
Something has gone drastically wrong with this restaurant. The service was poor and whilst the menu is still familiar the portions have been reduced dramatically and the prices have gone up. I've had gravlax a few times here but what I experienced this time was not smoked salmon and was watery and very thin. I'm afraid I will not be going again. They even had the cheek to charge us for a drink we hadn't have and a side portion we didn't order so if you do try this place check your bill carefully 
Not one to usually write reviews but felt I had to after such a poor experience. Arrived and as there was no front of house we were left standing around feeling ignored & 
I can't even say we had service as turned up for our reservation and were told they had no space and that we could wait at the bar. They didn't apologies nor offer us a drink. We were alone as another couple had made a reservation 30 mins earlier than us and were equally ignored. No excuse just appalling manors and management. I'm sure they often busy on a Friday and Sat but seems they have no front of house expertise. I would avoid at any time from this experience (actually the only other time i went was midweek when it was quiet and they rushed us out of the door!!). 
No services, the food was not good. The liver was not cleaned properly and it was cooked with the gristle. The mash did not taste good at all. I was not asked the reason for leaving it all in the plate. Poor quality that can only be compared to a fast food Take away. It can't be called a French restaurant! 
We booked a table for a family lunch at Beautiful South to celebrate Fathers Day, this was taken over the phone and then confirmed a few days later in person by my Mother. On arrival at the retaurant (5 minutes before our reservation time) we were told that our table would not be ready for at least an hour. No apology or solution was offered, not even a hint that there might be some gesture on their part if we were willing to wait. We were just left standing there at the entrance. Needless to say we decided to take our business elsewhere and will not be using this restaurant again. 
I visited here for the last time almost 10 years ago and have never forgotten the awful way my disabled friend was treated. The group of us who were with her have since boycotted the place. I understand it is still under the same management so we will continue to boycott. Complaints to the owners fell on deaf ears (a free bottle of wine to compensate for her humiliation? I dont think so), local paper similarly disinterested (obviously fearful of losing advertising revenue) I was a regular customer and the food was excellent but the contempt shown towards a wheelchair user was despicable. 
