Read great reviews so headed out on a rainy night and walked from Kew Gardens (a minor trek). The food was not great - never had eggplant so slimy ( maybe just me). Brought a friend who is not exactly vegetarian friendly and definitely did not sway her. The staff was wonderful, fully attentive and pleasant. The food was eh. It was a tad expensive and a bit out of the way so probably won't be heading back. 
We had wanted to visit this restaurant for a while because we like inventive vegetarian cuisine.  
We wanted to see what this restaurant had to offer. The meal was amazing but the portions for what you are paying for your meal is a total rip off. They give you such a small portions , the rice they give you in a big bowl but the curries are given in such a small bowl. Beer is was £6 a pint which is too much provincial curry house! 
I visited this restaurant by accident actually. I hadn’t realised that the same owners had another restaurant with a similar name on the same road (!), but we stayed here seeing as we had already arrived.  
I have to say that I personally found this to expensive, when I compare it to other places I have visited. Calamari is £8.95 However Calamari in ZIZI down the road £6.95. The owner seems adamant they are in line with other venues but I have eaten at many places and I just felt this place did not offer value for money. 
I visited Q Verde on my birthday, it was a Tuesday evening, and I was very excited to visit after reading rave reviews. I arrived at 18:30 and there was one diner, so fairly quiet. Myself and my boyfriend were taken to our table and given a menu and the waitress reeled off the list of specials. The waitress came to take our wine order almost as quickly as we sat down, we asked for more time and we were nicely approached again too soon. When we were ready to order we flagged down our waitress - she took our orders and we waited. It was quiet in terms of other diners, however, not so quiet due to the noise from the staff. The staff were rather noisy at the front of house and up/down stairs. The music choice I also noted was odd, not authentic Italian like the decor would suggest, but Eurovision style cheesy pop tunes.  
We were 2 couples and all had very good food. We had not met for a couple of months, so there was a lot of catch up chat. However, it was almost impossible to hear each other because of an older waiter who kept coming by shouting out orders at the top of his voice, or singing loudly. He did not heed requests to turn the noise down and it was a relief when he finished his shift before we left. We were seated at the rear of the restaurant, near the kitchen, which was probably not the best spot. 
it was a pleasant dinner at the restaurant; I liked the lasagna however I would not say it is the best I have had in Croydon. The vibe in the restaurant was not great and the staff seemed a bit distant which is a shame as the whole experience could have been a lot better had they been more attentive. 
Funnily enough I phoned to ask for a table and was originally told no problem but when I phoned again I was told by the boss the place was booked out but perhaps they could squeeze me in early. I agreed. The staff were generally charming but there were flaws- my asparagus was not tender, calves liver better but outstanding contrary to other reviews and very pricey for what it is. Also I would prefer if my table was not wiped down with a damp j cloth between courses...weird.!!! When I left an hour and 15 mins later at 7.30 on a Friday night there were 23 seats available approx!!! 
Over-priced food and drink (especially with 12.5% service charge automatically added to the bill.) I found the food quite bland and did not live up to the excellent reviews I had read about. We were at a corner table which was very uncomfortable. It is not somewhere I would return to – a disappointing evening for the price paid. 
When we booked we were told they were very busy but we were the only ones in there until an other couple arrived . We have decided after our 4th visit the food is hit and miss sometimes excellent and others mediocre. The house wine is good but no longer cheap. In fact the whole meal without desserts was £77 for two. Its too expensive for ordinary if you know what I mean. 
This should be the best restaurant in Croydon, but the pizza was disappointing. Looks good, but no taste and over cooked. Nice atmosphere.  
Ok. Good quality food. A bit steep on price though. Service was good and the place well maintained . 
We decided to dine at this Italian restaurant restaurant after having read a number of outstanding reviews, but unfortunately the place didn't live up to our expectations.  
Like others the service is exceptional as is the value for money £250 for 4 with 2 bottles of wine. However the restaurant is small, decor nothing to write home about, food hearty Italian and you won't leave hungry but doesn't have the finesse of fine dining. Wine list is limited at best. Apt recommendations by others as the candid neighbourhood Italian, stand out feature the welcoming owner and the zucchini frites. No cheese selection. Toilets by kitchen given space. Everything else is what I would call average. In an area surrounded by top notch eateries I am struggling to see why this one can't put on some of the same sheen as the glasshouse or Kew grill which have that special ambience. 
Ups and downs: some of the food was goodish, some not - the mussels were not fresh and had to be sent back (for something else). The pizza was not good. The other main courses were pretty average. The staff ranged from helpful and polite to cringingly overfamiliar; and one who stood in the way of customers and didn't move when we tried to pass. The word "pretentious" springs to mind, especially for the cost. 
We celebrated a birthday lunch here, which while often excellent, unfortunately had enough negatives to make it only an average dining experience overall.  
Having written a very favourable review of this restaurant only six weeks ago I (Pete) was looking forward to a return visit last Friday evening in the company of a recently widowed friend of mine and her daughter and son-in-law. We arrived promptly at 7.30 p.m. and were shown to a nice semi-circular table with a cushioned bench seat at the rear of the restaurant.  
Googled the best restaurant in Kew and this one came up. Told on the phone that we would be getting outdoor seating, but without any explanation we were seated inside. We weren't given a menu and were told to order drinks straight away. The starters took around 45 minutes to arrive (note we ordered garlic bread) and the mains were small portions. 
Nice interior, and good feeling. Service could have been better. My Milanese could not have been thinner and my partners Veal was tough, vegetables were good though nothing startling. If I recall vegetables were extra but we have been out of the loop as far as UK restaurants are concerned. Desert was much better. Overall OK, had better 
Came here for a busimess lunch and it was great food and drinks. The service was womderful. I loved the decor of the restaurant. 
A warm and cozy Italian restaurant with a bare-bones wines by the glass list, and not enough drinks options, but excellent pasta and lamb shanks. The appetizers are decent. Go there for the entrees. 
Went there with my friend for dinner. The italian hospitality of the owner makes you feel home.The food is fresh and tasty but I think the portions are small.  
Visited in August for a family meal. Disappointed as very expensive & food was pretty average. The garlic bread was nice but overpriced. I had Mediterranean chicken for main. Sauce was bland. Chips were frozen ones. No vegetables.  
I am all about organic food, as well as being a veggie so when I found this gem I thought it was the perfect place to host a birthday meal! (Even though it’s a little out of the way if you’re not local).  
Went there with a vegan friend, its a very nice innovative vegetarian restaurant dishes are creative but flavors weren't very impressive my vegan friend was unhappy with the experience I found it good but too experimental 
The service is excellent as the staff are very friendly and attentive. It was a bit warm inside on a hot evening and a fan might have helped. Our starters were excellent- creola and bresaola. The halibut was on special and was a little bland. The tagliatelle seafood was plentiful but uninspired. Not particularly good value 
Doosra does a limited range of excellent dishes.Both chicken and lamb mains are excellent. 
The restaurant was fairly quiet as it was a Sunday evening and we were pleased to be seated next to the window. 
After reading very good reviews we had booked our table there for Valentine's. I had high expectations as per the reviews, even though I knew their menu was limited.  
I booked a table at Doosra after reading all all the previous reviews expecting a great Date night out with my wife on Pay Day but came away surprised at the quality of service and food. Perhaps it was my fault in my research but I didn’t expect all the bright telly’s showing the Friday night game on Sky Sports, what audience are they really aiming at? 
This was our first visit. The staff were welcoming and we were given hummus and flat bread which we were advised by our waitress were complimentary.  
This restaurant is practically at the end of our road so, being big fans of Indian food, we were excited.  
Friendly, if not over-friendly staff, nice atmosphere and well cooked meals. However after 3 recent visits I left each time still hungry. The portions seem very small. 
We went on a Sunday evening when Doosra was not busy. We liked the ambience and the fresh feel of a new establishment. The toilet facilities were very bright and shiny, and spotlessly clean - no expense spared there.  
Mezzet is a lovely elegant restaurant which always used to produce excellent dishes and has been a local favourite of ours. However just recently ( and hopefully temporarily ) the standard seems to have slipped a bit. The Moutabal had no flavour ( due to undercooked aubergine perhaps) and the main dish was dry plain ingredients with no sauce to make it into a dish. The artichoke hearts were too vinegary and the chef appeared to have a positive mania for fried / caramelised onions which obliterated the flavours of the other ingredients and appeared in several dishes. I will be back but not immediately. 
The food can be very heavy but that's the thing, I ordered the fish instead and it was un edible. Really over cooked. At the end of the day this is more of a meat place so I should have ordered that.  
We used to come here fairly often as it was a cheap and cheerful local restaurant with nice fresh food. The food isn't bad, but not that authentic and no pho on the menu - odd for a Vietnamese. What has changed is the price. As a group of 6 we were told when booking we had to order both a starter and main each, which seems an arbitrary rule to make extra money. The cheapest starter was £6, most were £7 and summer rolls were £8 and mostly noodle inside. Dipping sauce was hoi sin (Chinese!) or chilli - no noac cham as you'd expect at a Vietnamese. Mains are mostly £14 or £15 if you want meat involved. With BYO corkage of £2 a head, tap water, the mandatory starter and main each and the mandatory 10% tip, we spent £27 a head. It's just too much, especially when the food is only ok. Service is pleasant, atmosphere nice, but we won't be rushing back. 
Read reviews for this and heard it was good from word of mouth so rushed there for a lovely meal. The restaurant was basic and service a bit slow but the food was very nice. I thought it was very overpriced for what was being offered! Glass of coke was £3 I wouldn’t rush back 
I will start by saying the staff polite as ever... busy .. clean restaurant... couldn’t fault the food. 
I tried to get into a this restaurant last year for my birthday, however my husband forgot to book. This year to make sure we could get a table I booked in February. The starters were nice, although as the selection was advised as suitable for 2 there was only 1 stuffed vine leaf. My moussaka was a little bland and my husband’s chicken Shawarma was very dry. I had waited a whole year for this meal and was more than a little disappointed. My visit to Mezzet Dar in 2017 was much better.  
The food was nicely presented, looked great and tasted fresh. The crushed peanuts added an interesting twist to the stir fried king prawns. The outside doesn't look great but don't just walk by it's definitely worth trying. I'm not sure how authentic this Vietnamese bistro is but the food is definitely worth trying.  
We went in on a Saturday evening having booked for my husband's birthday. We were placed at the window - not great as it was freezing out and we were chilly throughout our visit. The place was packed so glad we's booked. The maitre d' was friendly and welcoming but the service was slow. The food was fine but not especially tasty. We were disappointed especially as the food was not particularly cheap and the reviews I'd read hinted that we'd be in for a real treat. Won't be returning but doubt the restaurant will lose out as most people will disagree with our opinions!! 
Arrived at 9 pm our booked time to a extremely packed restaurant. Expected delay in ordering and getting our food due to the amount of people but was disappointed with the comment at 12:10 by waiter “did we require anything else as the restaurant closed one hour and ten minutes ago “ Not at any time during the evening was we informed that we had to be out at a specific time. We were of course in there longer than normal due to the slow service. Food was so slow coming on the table next to ours that they were given complimentary drinks.(more than we was offered). 
Nice people and environment, food was just ok, pretty good but nowhere near as sensational as the reviews would have you believe. Have had far better and tastier Lebanese elsewhere. As ever, on tripadvisor you have to downgrade the overall score as many folk think any old crap is ‘incredible food’, ‘real Italian’ etc. 
mezzet has always been our favourite restaurant of this type. lebanese. on this occassion the meal was quite ordinary but the service as always was attentive and good.. the food didnt seem as tasty as in the past but when the bill came we were shocked. it was over £50 per head, with two bottles of house wine. weve been regularly in the past when we could get a table but the cost far exceeds the value and we will not be going again. 
But not sure about the food. It wasn’t as tasty as other Lebanese food that we have had, however it might have been an off day so will try again  
To be honest last nights dinner there was dissapointing. 
Mezzet has been a firm family favourite since it opened some years ago. But lately it seems their standards have dropped. The decor is starting to look very worn, quality and portions of food are definitely less and the fantastic service that used to exemplify this restaurant was practically non-existent on our last visit. Looking through some recent reviews suggests this is a general trend. We waited over an hour for our main meals while other tables arrived and finished eating. A polite word with the manager resulted in the excuse that certain items on the menu take longer to cook. An hour? This was just nonsense as we'd ordered vegetable moussaka and grilled lamb cutlets. In the past I think the previous fantastic friendly service would have overcome this annoyance but the promise of being looked after following our quiet complaint was never fulfilled. Even just trying to pay and leave was a trial as we were constantly ignored by the many staff. I doubt that we will be going back anytime soon - if ever again. Sadly, it's definitely not somewhere special anymore. 
Having been to this restaurant numerous times before (and raved about it to our friends who hadn't been) we were a little disappointed this time. It was a Saturday night and busy but the service was not a good as we have experience before. We ordered drinks, the beers came but not the bottle of wine ordered - little reminder, in the meantime the starters came (3 out of 4 anyway) less than 5 mins after ordering which was fine only the halloumi was cold and we were still eating starters with no wine - second reminder.! The 4th starter, when reminded we were still waiting for, was apparantely on its way, it finally came after we had finished our cold halloumi. It then seemed like a long time until we got out mains. Shame as our previous visits have been outstanding but it would make me think twice about going again. 
Visited for birthday meal with family, group of six. After looking forward to the meal for some time due to very positive reviews on here I can only say we were disappointed with our evening, although busy the service we received was very slow and not particularly attentive to the point where we were waiting for drinks for quite some time and then not asked if needed more later into the meal. Nothing wrong with the food and everything tasted ok but again disappointed in comparison to some of the previous reviews. Would not rush back any time soon. 
We came her last night for some post pub food. 
We finally got round to visiting Mezzet after living locally for over a year and hearing about its wonderful reviews. We were quickly seated, ordered our drinks and they were quickly served. 
Mitigating factors - went early on a Friday so were one of the first tables in - people who came in all seemed to be local and had obviously been before which was a good sign. On the other hand - I had brought my two elder sons who are late teen/young adult stage with large appetites. We did not bring our own drink which was a mistake and we had the not cheap soft drinks on offer. Portion sizes were deemed small - food was all OK but - for the money - not fantastic and not a lot. I'd made the journey following a recommendation to try it out (have been to the Banana Leaf opposite) - I can vaguely see what people are getting at since the ingredients are definitely fresh but I shall be sticking to a local better value place in future. And if you should go, as we were might well have been unlucky, definitely bring your own drinks. 
The decor and the staff were very friendly. courteous and helpful.  
We've been here a few time but not recently. The general condition of the place is looking tired and a bit grubby. 
We visited with good friends who loved this place when we came about ago; but the food was not a patch on what it used to be. Our guest had a very odd "moussaka" consisting of a yellow curry-like sauce served with ....rice!! My favourite nutty pate starter (muhumara) lacked the subtle spice it used to have (and I found nutshell fragments in it), chicken shawarma ditto etc etc  
Trendy modern interior but tables are oh so close together that one is either being bumped by a waiter or a nearby diner and as for the noise - forget about a relaxing evening. We were close to the restaurant phone, the corridor to the kitchen and the inevitable table singing happy birthday. It would have less frenetic on a tube station platform. And as for the food we shared a couple of the fixed menu selection and were totally underwhelmed. The kebabs were over spiced and dry, the cod was strange but well cooked and the baklava dry and tasteless. Altogether most unoriginal and a massive disappoint. We have eaten a lot of Lebanese food outside the UK and Mezzet tastes did not come close. We will not return.  
went in a couple of saturdays ago. very nice food and the service was good but it took an hour for two mains to come up. the fella said something about making everything from scratch (which it should be) but really it was just too long. there seemed to be one person waiting on and one person cooking. the food itself was tasty but what i had wasnt show-stoppingly so. it's a step-up from noodle house food but it's not that big a step that i want to wait an hour for it. reasonable prices though. also it was quite noisy, as it was very busy. 
Had a 6:30pm booking for my girlfriend and I a few weeks back. 
It's a real shame. The food itself was very good, and the staff were friendly, but on a night where the restaurant still wasn't particularly busy, we were left over an hour between starters and mains, and then over an hour again before anybody spoke to us offering a dessert menu.  
Visited the restaurant on a Saturday night with high hopes after reading the glowing reviews on TA..  
We have had a few fantastic dinners here, but tonight it was disappointing! The starters were great as always, but my main was bland and uninspiring and my desert had curdled and was inedible! The service wasn't great either, for example our starters arrived before our drinks! At the end of the meal we ordered Lebanese mint tea which arrived in a very nice tea pot with fresh mint leaves (as you would expect), but on closer inspection there was a tea bag cleverly hidden! We will go back again I'm sure, so I hope it returns to its usual standard!  
We’ve been going here for about 6 months and it’s always been brilliant until our last 2 orders/visits. 
This restaurant has replaced a tired and frankly horrible Indian restaurant. We went as a group and were treated really well, the decor is fresh and the food is ok, could be slightly better and hotter. We will return, nothing bad at all about this restaurant.  
The food here was tasty and I thought the Indian Curry House had recovered from the Credit Crunch but good food can be marred by bad sevice and this was the case here.If they want to stay open in his area they should pull their socks up! 
We’ve eaten here a few times and I wood say that it ranks slightly above average in the “local Indian” type of restaurants in the area. However on our last visit I ordered the scollop starter and yes, they were obviously cooked from frozen but the chef had chosen to chop them into small pieces. My first thought was that I’m neither a child nor an alderly person who lacks the ability to cut their own food, but looking at the quantity of chopped fish on my plate it would appear be a ploy to disguise the fact they had cooked fewer scollops than would normally be considered as acceptable... not happy 
Would've great if dessert was provided. The rest of the service was great. We ordered mixed platter for starter and it was delicious. 
So what, it's BYOB? It's about food. This place is not all that, sadly. There are some nice flavours to some of the dishes but it's still generic food that is tailored to the British palette (sadly). Having been to Vietnam and enjoyed their AMAZING food and culture, this place really let me down. 
Took my partner and friends last night for my partners birthday. Really disappointed. Since my last visit the food presentation has changed from sharing platters to small individual dishes. This reduced everyone's interaction, which was much of the fun on my last visit. Staff were ever friendly and helpful but somehow the atmosphere was not the same. Food was tasty and well presented but much reduced in quantity and more formal. At £25 per head (dearer than last time) it could have been better value. Cost didn't bother me, but receiving less food and paying more is never a good experience. The real dissapoiment was that having extolled its' virtues to my friends and go on about the great atmosphere I felt deflated both for my friends but especially my partner. 
Have been going here for years since it opened and pleased that it continues to be a going concern but on my last visit we found it had changed hands and although the food was still good portion sizes were smaller and the prices higher so won't be going as often and I would like to. 
Visited evening 28th March. Visited a while back and had fab meal, can't say same tonight. Nothing awful but nothing fab either. Average. Prawn starter greasy, main of noodles with chicken, greasy, and traditional pancake with chicken and prawns greasy. How can noodles be greasy? So disappointed, where was the zing. Where was the lime, the freshness, what a shame, won't go back. 
Had to do some computer work for a friend who knows I love Japanese food. We tried to order a delivery from sushi Nara but that didn’t work so we decided to call them up and they said order from Uber eats or make a collection if we make a collection we get 10% off. We did an order for collection and I went to pick it up they said they already took the 10% off Which they actually hadn’t done and I had to prove it to them and it took 10 minutes to actually get the 10% discounted. The food was fair to middling although it was mainly on a Korean tilt. The sashimi was cut too thick and the Gyoza was deep fried and tasted of oil. The kimchi Gyoza had no spice to it whatsoever. The special rolls were amazing. It’s a hit and miss depending on what you order. I will try and order again and maybe try some of the Korean dishes but he’s not a great Japanese restaurant by any shakes.A lot of the dishes were cheaper on uber eats than they were on collection prices. To be honest I’ve got really confused! 
This is the first time we have visited the new restaurant.... 
Came in for a birthday meal with my family in late june. The resturaunt had always been my favourite in Staines. However, after hearing from one of the waitstaff that my usual order isnt actually vegetarian at all, I dont believe we will be returning in a hurry. Upon asking about the udon soup, the waitress told me that there is a small amount of fish sauce added for flavour. Even though the dish is marked with a (v).  
Living locally, and having eaten at lots of restaurants/cafes, we heard about Sushi Nara and were extremely excited to eat here.  
Just had sushi Nara with members of the family. There were four adults and two children. It was hard to get the attention of waitress to order.  
We went to this restaurant because we love sushi and it had so many excellent reviews. I have to admit to being a little underwhelmed. The food is good, no problems there, but I can't say it is a restaurant I will be returning to any time soon, I'll probably just use it for takeaway. The reasons for this are the venue itself, it was like eating in a poorly decorated storage room, and the fact that the food came in dribs and drabs so that one of us had finished before others food had even arrived. As i have said, the food is up there with the best of the other sushi restaurants i've been to but the dining experience just didn't do it for me (and it isn't cheap). 
A friendly welcome and a very vibrant atmosphere. Food good but portions a little large. I opted for the special main course, not asking the price, as most people wouldn’t, and was disappointed to find it was almost £10 more than the other dishes and at £25 for a standard fish dish was expensive. 
This is a small restaurant with loads of tables. We went Saturday thinking that they were be taking precautions for COVID and there would be less tables in there I was wrong , the table next to us was less than half a meter distance, people were crammed in and nearly all tables were occupied . Staff not wearing masks properly and 
Average food, bit disappointing. Have previous had good time there but today the food looked like it had just been chucked on the plate and was missing some things like the sauces it said on the menu, and just tasted a bit blank. Drinks took 20 minutes to come and when I asked I was just told by the waiter “they’ll come when they’re ready” and that was it. They’ve spaced the tables well and atmosphere is nice and admittedly it was busy but was just disappointed with the food and the staff were not particularly helpful or friendly today.  
Had the salmon teriyaki with udon noodles but it just tasted likely fishy soup which wasn't great. My partner had the chicken teriyaki which was equally poor. 
We went Toscana on my husband birthday, starter , main course , which are very tasty and very good. He likes a garlic mushroom, I like seafood spaghetti . They are very good. Just one thing is very disappointed. It's drink. Beer is very expensive. Maybe it's the same as other restaurant. The beer is very expensive. It's disappointed for customers. 
We arrived at restaurant at 2015, I thought the service was very slow, my friends had a starter at around 830, my main turned up at 920!!!! So I had two glasses of wine and the time my meal turned up it was not very nice. it looked bland and it tasted bland I had penne, mushrooms and cream but it was not good. I will never go to this restaurant again. 
We arrived on Friday in the early evening. The restaurant is in a place I always wanted to visit but, I think, is in different hands. 
I come here often as the environment is perfect for studying. Food is normally nice and the cakes. staff try hard but can be slow and rude. my biggest issue is every time I order an English breakfast tea its cold and not the right leaf to water ratio. Its over priced for tea so the fact it tastes gross and is expensive is really annoying.  
When we visited we didn't have a dog with us but several children, who are more unruly than dogs. Nice friendly atmosphere and simple tasty food at reasonable prices. 
Firstly, this is a very popular restaurant - you will need to book well in advance especially for a weekend. They shoe horn you in to the tables and so it lacks intimacy - you are cheek by jowl with your neighbours and it is rather noisy. 
Visited this restaurant on a Friday evening and while it was very friendly & quite busy 
I visited Wags & Tails to meet a friend for lunch with my puppy. 
I went to Sushi Nara with very high expectations based on the reviews. While the food is good, the donburi and noodles especially, the sushi is not great. Sushi Nara is slightly avobe average compared to other japanese restaurants in the area, and even in London in general, but if you expect real traditional japanese food, this is not the place to go. 
We went on the basis of many great reviews, so perhaps had high expectations. The service was great and overall it was a really good meal. Just the flavour and menu lacked the excitement and freshness and punch I would have liked. It is very much in the traditional style of Italian eateries across the country. Not a bad thing, but just wanted a little more. 
A very welcoming place. The food was ok I did think it would be better but for the price it was decent. 
We returned to this local restaurant three or four years after our last visit. Last time we were a couple sat next to a very noisy table and we thought the food was only average so didn't rush back. 
Food is absolutely fantastic and the atmosphere is very pleasant. The only down side is the waiter's lack of English language. If the waiters could communicate better, I would rate 5 stars. 
It was obvious from the moment we entered the restaurant that there were two fairly large birthday celebrations being hosted and to accommodate these parties couples like us were squeezed in down the centre of the restaurant. 
We have been here a few times over some months. Mostly for coffee. But as this is our Christmas break before going back to the grind, we decided to have a late afternoon beer.  
I've visited on many occasions because the food/coffee is great, service friendly enough (although it would be nice to have more recognition as a regular) and it is a warm and comfortable environment. I have recommended to a few local people who now often go too - the vegan/veggie food is a big pull. I have one criticism though and have given this feedback to staff but there has been no change unfortunately. The wifi access is often terrible and as a freelancer who likes to get out of the house and work in a different environment to break up my day for an hour or two, I cannot cope with this! PLEASE kindly sort this out and then I will keep coming back and keep recommending. I can't help but feel this may be intentional so solo visitors don't want to stay for too long? Really hope that's not the case as I'd like to think they wouldn't exclude any customers. 
I visited here with a friend and although was not blown away by the food it was nice but average I felt.  
Had the full breakfast, it was alright, slightly pricey at £10 without a drink. Took a while for food to arrive but the place was quite busy. Was disappointed to pay £3 for a 'freshly squeezed' apple juice only to see the staff pour it out of a shop bottle in front of me.  
I like this place but when you're waiting so long for just a coffee on 'borrowed time' with a baby asleep in the buggy I don't have all day! The other coffee shops are much quicker! 
I like that it has lots of space inside, for the buggies or even if you go with a bunch of people. 
Popped in yesterday as we only live down the road. I normally love this place however was disappointed to find the table we sat at needed a good clean. Then one of our orders (Welsh rarebit) was forgotten despite clearly ordering and paying for it. Same thing happened with our coffees! Tall guy with beard needs to pay more attention!  
I love the concept and I believe dogs should be allowed to go to pubs and cafes, I don't like this unfriendliness towards dogs age we live in...so I was excited! It is nice there and they sell beers and wines which is great, however I had a tea, water, cheese on toast and a scrambled egg on toast for my 3 year old, it came to just over £15! And the toast was so soggy and mushy from the egg it wasn't edible. The cheese on toast was delicious! I feel like the whole "dogs are welcome" thing is a novelty that you end up paying for anyway. Hopefully they see sense and make it a bit more affordable because it has potential!  
Went there last week and ordered a dragon roll, spicy maki set and several other sashimi sections. The staffs were friendly and the place was getting busier as time went by. The food was generally good and tasty, although the portions were slightly smaller than expected, and the dragon roll was less presentable than expected. Despite the petiteness, it is still good. 
our food was seriously bland. The two of us had different starters and different mains and all four dishes were seriously disappointing. If rated on food alone I would have given this place maybe just 2 stars but the service and ambiance brought the score up. My review is out of kilter with other reviews so maybe it was just Christmas rush resulting in the food not being on point...but I am not sure I will be giving this place another chance to change my opinion. 
Visited here with my family of 9 adults and 2 children aged 21/2 and 4 to 
We have eaten 4 times in Toscana and the food is good. The problem is when you ask for a drink like soda water and lime cordial and they charge you £4.40. How can they justify charging this amount of money for soda water even if it is in a bottle and not from a pump. Stay away from beer and soft drinks and your bill will not be over inflated! Really thought Toscana was a good find but we will not being going back again. £4.40 for soda water and lime has got to be the most expensive soft drink I have ever paid for and I eat out a lot. 
I tend to go to the restaurant when back in the UK, so visit about 4 times a year. We went last week and the staff has changed. The male who seems to be a supervisor is not exactly welcoming and lacking in service skills. As you bring your own alcohol to be told rather rudely "you brought your own drink, we will charge you for that" is uncalled for. The two waitresses are in attentive and disorganised. At the end of the meal we had to ask for the table to be cleared. She removed most, but not all the plates and went off to do something else. I wanted a dessert, but we eventually gave up, went downstairs, paid and left. 
Would not recommend Sunday Lunch , as a Family we chose Sunday roasts and all meats were dry and pretty tasteless. It was my Sons last day in the UK before he flew off abroad and I was disappointed in the Sunday Roast . 
have been here lots of times for business and family get together's. Always friendly staff and lovely food.  
We took some friends for their first time here two Saturdays ago. We ourselves have eaten here several times but on this occasion were very disappointed. Three of us chose the duck which was on "the specials" board but we found the duck to be tasteless and chewy. The saute potatoes which are normally crispy were under cooked. One of our party had the steak which was itself perfect. Normally our meals are faultless but on this occasion disappointing. Just a shame we brought friends for their first visit. We did say we were disappointed but were not offered anything by way of compensation. 
I went to Toscana for a Sunday lunch. The Sunday Roast menu is a reasonably priced £11.99 for a starter and mains. The normal menu and various specials are also available. Firstly the good points. The ambience, nicely busy, with good background music set the scene perfectly. Staff and waiters are good, as was the service. The starters were excellent. The disappointment was the meats in the roast. Our table had lamb and beef. Both were extremely fatty. This was a shame as the vegetables, potatoes and gravy were excellent and as it all arrived were looking forward to tucking in. I hope the management read this review and take on board, what I believe to be, fair criticism. Because of the good points above I will return one evening to sample the Italian menu, if the starters are anything to go by that should be good. We often eat out on a Sunday for lunch and I was hoping that this local eatery could become a regular. Personally I’d be happy to pay an extra couple of pounds for a really good cut of beef or lamb. Let’s hope it was a one-off. 
Its great being a dog lover that they allow dogs here. Its all too hard to find. However i tired the full english. Sausages and wedges were cold, poached eggs not cooked through properly (eggs white runny) and no bacon! For the price not worth it. Shame really 
Hello,  
Ordinary food. Just like any other sushi cafes. However they do specialize in just sushis only. May be a great place if you are looking for just sushi. Sushis are fresh. 
Nice open spaces and dog friendly, a good place to catch up with friends. Good coffee and breakfasts that can be made vegan if needed.  
The service is great staff is friendly and the atmosphere is nice too.  
Excellent waiting staff! Food is amazing. Can be a bit expensive but worth going. You must try the bento boxes! Delish! I will definitely go back again!  
The Cafe was fairly busy when we visited on a Sunday afternoon, but even so our food took too long to arrive. Drinks were finished well before we ate and the portion sizing was meagre. The kids meal was £6.50 as pictured. 
Well, we already went for Argentinian´s steakhouses before and this one didn´t impress. The restaurant is tidy and clean. Nice atmosphere. However, our meat was served at the wrong temperature. Asked for medium, came very rare (really raw). Sent back, came medium well. Food presentation was a bit off as well, they could improve on that. But the food was really good, tasty steaks and well-made chimichurri. I would go again if I lived nearby, but I wouldn't do the same trip again to eat there. The most disappointing thing was to come home and have received an email from Open table saying that the restaurant marked us as a no-show.  
Perhaps I selected the wrong dishes as I was a little disappointed ...over cooked pasta totally swamped in kale pesto . To be fair the rest of my friends said their food was delicious . The staff were wonderful and very attentive . I will try it again and select differently from the menu 
This is a very overpriced place for what it serves and how its served. The service was very laid back although it was not busy. They took 45 mins for our order. The food was mediocre. 
We dined here with two friends. The atmosphere is casual but friendly and the staff were very attentive. It was full of locals and clearly has a very loyal following. We had rather mixed feelings about the food. I had a sirloin steak which was tasty but overcooked and my wife's pappardelle with artichoke was disappointing. The artichoke was rather tasteless ( out of a can?) and over salted.There is a lengthy wine list with many interesting wines, but rather pricey. The meal cost us £40 per head for four with no deserts and one bottle of wine. Since the place is clearly very popular we were perhaps just unlucky. 
Family run feel, in a fairly quiet part of West Ken (Brook Green). Excellent staff, who are friendly and conscientious. Not a great place for fish and veg lovers despite hosting a fairly traditional Italian menu. 
Have been before with friends and was better but went on easter sunday and it was relatively quite. Ribs to start they where lukewarm. Other half had prawns where fine. Roast was nice but had to ask for more potatoes. Veg rock hard. The wine is overpriced. Dont get me wrong the the food is nice but nothing to rave about. Will not be back for a while. 
popped in for a drink one Saturday evening. Nice traditional pub food looked good but actual pub and clientele seemed very clicky. 
There are very few parking spaces at the rear of the pub and you cannot park on the road, so you may have to walk some way to get here. 
We went to this pub for something different after it was recommended to us . We ordered one of the flat breads which was delicious . Wewere advised by the waitress to order around 2.5 dishes each which we did . I like the sound of the haddock with spinach and also I love Spanish tortilla which we ordered . The tortilla was microwaved and the haddock was just flakes of fish in a very salty mornay sauce with spinach. The dumplings ,croquettes and stuffed prawns were really tasty . I then decided to order a dessert and opted for the butterscotch pancakes . When they did arrive it was 1 pancake with melted ice cream and butterscotch sauce . It was inedible so I left it ad told the waitress that it was like butterscotch soup she appologised and removed it .my husband asked for the bill which arrived a lot quicker than my dessert and was surprised to see we had been charged for the dessert . We will not be returning and I feel that thier are much nicer restaurants in Hampton where if you have a complaint it will be dealt with in a professional manner not brushed aside because you really care . 
There isn't much of an ambience in the pub area or restaurant but the food is OK. It's not amazing but it is quite decent as far as pub food goes. 
I feel like a lone voice here but I was disappointed after reading such good reviews. The starters were very much of the 'assembled' rather than cooked kind, that even I can do at home. An exception was the melanzane parmigiana which was only okay. The main courses were okay, but there were no razor clams that day so mussels were substituted, not great. Quite expensive for modest portions of unsophisticated food. The upstairs is uncomfortably cramped, and downstairs is, well, downstairs, no natural daylight. Maybe there is a dearth of good restaurants in the area which would explain its popularity.  
It's a pretty place with a nice but small garden. The menu for food is decently varied for meat eaters, unless you don't eat pork or shellfish. I eat neither so went to the veggie options. If you're vegetarian you're mainly relegated to sandwiches or a garlic mushroom pasta or a paella. I'm sure if you like Spanish food you'll enjoy it. My dad had chicken and pork ribs and enjoyed it. The portion size is generous overall. Staff members are nice. The kitchen closes at 2 at lunch.  
Was taken to this very interesting restaurant, tucked away in a residential area, the residents of which no doubt make up a large percentage of the clientele.....which I like as it means that they have to keep their standards up and the menu varied. 
Previously eaten here at lunch time and tapas was delicious. On returning for more of the same found Tapas not on on Mondays! So we chose Risotto which was re-heated and reasonably edible. We then shared a pancake dish which had obviously been defrosted and reheated and not very pleasant. We were the only people there and although the staff were pleasant and helpful they seemed keen to finish and leave.  
Good Italian, but small Italian.  
We loved the little garden,very pretty,and table clothes a plus,however the bitter was off,both myself and another customer declined it,and we were given an alternative pint.the roast beef was o.k.,gravy good,but the vegetables were a disappointment,sweet corn ,and sweet potato are not traditional favorites ,would prefer good greens,or a roast parsnip!our table was not laid prior to eating,consequently when food came with no cutlery,we had to wait for veg,and then horseradish ,and salt and pepper.....by this time beef cold.....why is it so difficult to bring this prior to the food??my rhubarb crumble was just that,and the custard,thankfully served separately,was inedible,it tasted of cornstarch that was not cooked,very unpleasant.this lunch had the feel about it that the chef putting it together was not versed in English food . 
Main courses were delicious. Sunday roasts great portion size. Large choice of food.  
The restaurant is quite appealing and converted from a terraced house. There is an upstairs and downstairs. Staff friendly. The food did not live up to expectations as the portions were on the small side compared with the price. My veal was dry even though it came with a sauce. Even the pasta portions were on the small side The wines were also on the expensive side as chose one I knew and it was more expensive than in a top class restaurant. Not really good value for money 
This is a nice pub and restaurant, it looks a little eccentric which I love and I think has been owned by the same people for a while. I took my friend along to try the restaurant and had to wait over an hour for food because they said it was a very busy night, they gave us bread and olives to say sorry which was nice but we were starving. The second time I went with my boyfriend and the service wasn't much better, again they gave us bread and olives to say sorry for the delay (I think it must be the standard now). The food is nice but if they could just get to grip on their service, the reviews on this board would be a whole lot better. It's a really lovely pub though and I will go back again to give it another chance. 
I wanted to like Enzo's as it's a independent restaurant and family-owned. We came for lunch on a Sunday. The food itself was quite good although some of the mussels in my seafood dish were not the best quality. Unfortunately we could not enjoy the experience fully as the restaurant was very cold. We sat in scarves throughout the meal and rushed our desserts so we could get home for a warm. It's a pity but next time we would choose to come in summer.  
Pretty average food, service was good. Would come back maybe if I was in the area but wouldn’t necessarily go out of my way based on the lunch we had. Having heard good things about the pizza and the fact that they have a proper pizza oven, maybe would come back to try those. 
We were two couples on a weekday eve. 
Vastly overrated..ate here on Monday on strength of reviews on here but very disappointed. Starter of prawns just ok and pizzas average. Service ok but we had to wait a while for the bill while a couple of waiters were chatting up some ladies. Service charges added but before the 50pc discount deducted which was , in my opinion, out of order. Apparently there is a specials board which no one told us about and we only noticed on way out  
Food was good, service was just ok. Its a busy restaurant on a Saturday and it doesn’t seem to have enough staff to manage 
What a shame...such a brilliant restaurant has gone backwards. They used to serve meals with fries and salad - a complete meal......but not any more it's fries OR salad, with an extra charge if you want both. Its hardly much of a salad but it makes a complete meal, especially when you are already paying top prices. The unlimited fries have gone too. No doubt the accountants have calculated how much this will save, but its a sad downgrade.  
This was our first visit to Enzo on 5th August. 
The restaurant was beautiful and the staff was friendly; however, the menu was so limited, I had a hard time finding something to eat. I ordered the lobster salad, and the salad was swimming in salad dressing. My wife’s steak was undercooked. For the price, I wasn’t very impressed. Probably won’t go back.  
First impressions were of a friendly welcome. We sat near the front but the tables are a little too close together to feel comfortable and give the feeling of a low key restaurant. The Gnocchi was over peppered for me but otherwise Ok. I'd visit again but probably ask for menu recommendations this time as neither my mate who had the pan fried chicken breast or myself were that impressed with what we ate especially at the price which we felt reflected the Windsor location rather than the food choices we made. 
Really lovely setting. Staff were amazing... shout out especially to Henry and Alice, who were both fantastic.  
It was a busy early evening so restaurant full we hadn't booked so were lucky to get a table for two. 
I had a 3 course VEGAN meal paid for by a company that I’m contracting for. Considering I’m in a Steak and Lobster restaurant, I can’t complain, it was very nice! The service by Rina and Gigi was first class!! They treated me like a prince!! Having said that, it’s a Steak and Lobster restaurant, so I definitely won’t be back!! I enjoyed the stay though, sitting on my own, wiping bogies on the seats, it was a blast!✌️ 
Pizza and pasta was average or below, nothing remarkable, though I have to remark at least as long as 100 characters. 
My last visit to this restaurant was disappointing. The food was bland and the meal was just OK.  
Soooo .. Jury's still out on this one ... Heard so much about this place was very excited to try ... Service really poor , literally had to get up and find someone on 3 occasions , we were undecided on a new Red wine and only after trying a few not nice ones and messing around did we get told they had a wine expert who then picked us a lovely wine ! Starter lobster rolls was lovely but a LOT of chilli , could not taste lobster at all ... Steak below average to be honest ( miller and carter way better ) and very little meat in the lobster shell ... so generally pretty disappointed ... such a shame cause gorgeous hotel & restaurant 
I was feeling particularly hungry last evening and I couldn't resist the temptation of having lobster, steak and fries on the same plate. 
This is a small Italian restaurant in the traditional Italian style - Pizza oven in the corner, small close tables and lots of atmosphere. Service was friendly and personable. 
Promising little cafe with lovely staff and all the buzz of Italy. A good range of dishes but we went there for pizza and it surprisingly didn't match up to some of the competition. Once a service charge was added to the bill it wasn't particularly good value for this kind of meal. 
The staff are lovely the atmosphere is nice but the pizza was a bit average. Oven looked promising but my prosciutto and fungi pizza was a bit “pizza express”. Disappointing.  
Food barely good enough - I could have put together the meat sharing plate from Waitrose, save for the wooden platter. Every piece of meat doing a very good impression of supermarket slices... 
We went to Enzos after seeing the reviews on Trip.  
We visited here on a bank holiday weekend for dinner. Nice surroundings, great fresh food however a little slow on the service.  
We've wanted to try Enzo's for a while and I have to say we were very disappointed.  
Personally I was not impressed with the service nor the food. The ambiance was nice but as I ate with my group I felt rushed by the server to just hurry up and eat. Don't think I'll bother with them again. 
We have visited many Italian restaurants and after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we booked a table to dine at Enzo’s. As it was a week day evening we didn’t need to bother booking a table in advance as the restaurant was very quiet. The tables are close to one another and we were initially shown to a table right next to another couple, we asked to sit elsewhere which wasn’t an issue as it was so quiet. The menu and specials board were shown to us and we decided to order one of the specials (calamari), one garlic mushrooms, both wanted a tasty pizza. When our order arrived at the table we felt a little disappointed as the starters were lacking in flavour, the pizza was average with minimal toppings. We decided to share a dessert which was probably a good idea as again it was nothing special for the price. We expected so much more from a ‘traditional’ Italian and were left wanting more... especially FLAVOUR!!  
We dined on a Friday night. If you enter through the outside door signed ‘Steak & Lobster’ you’ll be ignored then eventually told to stand at an empty podium at another entrance to be served. The noise level was incredibly loud, owing to the fact the central bar area doubles as the hotel bar playing host to a private function and stag parties, yet the dining area itself was barely half full. Definitely not a place to relax or enjoy the environment. 
When the reviews have this 3 of 176 it is normally a good indication however on this occasion not so. 
We were there for team dinner (approx 12 people from all over Europe) and the average opinion was that it was an OK-Italian restaurant. Pizza was OK, Steak was OK but a little to much sauce. Pasta was not really exciting. Bruschetta was a little poor and basically just warm, dry bread with tomato pieces on top. Not really what you are used to when you order Bruschetta as a starter in Italy. 
Had the sirloin steak dinner, was a decent meal but nothing to write home (or trip advisor) about. Was close to my hotel so easy access 
Came here for a birthday dinner. The food is amazing. We all got both steak and lobster and were not disappointed! The only disappointment was the service. My booking was called 30minutes before arriving and it took me at least 15 minutes to resolve, it’s a good job I’m local! I realise the weekend is a busier period to norm, but being asked for drinks before I’ve even sat down to look at the menu is a bit much. It would help if the waiters were a bit more welcoming. I think it’s really important for the waiter who served us to note that a service charge is discretionary, if a customer chooses not to pay it - that’s ok, less of the scowling because we chose not to. Even though the service was a bit hit and miss, I would recommend for the food and will visit again. 
After reading the great reviews and noting a number 2 ranking on tripadvisor, we decided to give Enzo's a go. On arrival, we were warmly greeted by the staff and our waiter was very good indeed. From a service point of view, we couldn't fault the place. Unfortunately, the food didn't match the service. Nothing you would send back but nothing you'd remember either. I had the bresola which was bland with far too much rocket and poor quality parmesan. For mains, I tried the ragu which was equally uninspiring. I don't want to be too harsh with my review as that would be unfair but you really can make better food at home.... 
We popped in here for lunch on Monday. First of all, the cleanliness and service were excellent. 
A tight squeeze on a Saturday night and we ended up with the table in the window area. Next time we go we will make sure we do not sit there as it is a little too windy when the door is opened/closed 
I was very disappointed because I order the lobster with Chimichurri sauce and not only it did have any taste but the sauce was very spicy an lacking in flavour. You can repeat on the chips and salad but is not consolation price for the small portions in the main. The pudding was very restricted. Is a place to impress with the decor but not the food. 
Lobster was well cooked but we were charged for the lemon butter sauce which appears on the menu. The waiter said the sauce is minimal so he brought us extra. I object to paying for something described as included. After we objected he took one portion of sauce off the bill so we complained again. Eventually the bill was corrected. 
We visited in December and had our work Christmas meal here. We arrived 10 mins early and were kept waiting 25 minutes until we seated. They knew we had arrived but they were clearly running behind with everything. 
Pizza is good but not cheap. Pizza price ranges from £11 to £14. Antipasti starters good but equally not cheap; the large meat mixed antipasti was very authentic but at £19 was too much. The small veg one was pretty sparse for £9. There is a theme here. Good but pricey. Also, l always find the specials over-priced here in particular. 
Bad service in steak and lobster restaurant Heathrow for Birthday lunch in Feb 2019 for 20 guests  
Tables are squashed together and jammed in. Our pizzas had soggy bases and the pasta was below al dente. Service was good. Wont go back. 
We were spending a night in Windsor between Christmas and New Year and wanted somewhere nice to go for dinner. My first two choices were both closed over the festive period so I opted for Enzo’s based on the fact it received such positive reviews and was listed as the number 3 restaurant in Windsor. We received a warm welcome but the service lacked hereafter! It took far too long for someone to come over to us after being given the menus. I like to have a drink in my hand whilst I peruse the menu but unfortunately we weren’t given that option as when the waitress finally did appear she asked if we were ready to order so we ended up ordering our food and our drinks at the same time. Our bottle of Pinot Grigio arrived promptly but was just placed on the table leaving me to wonder whether we were going to be drinking warm white wine by the end of the evening but alas, a few minutes later a wine cooler arrived! Why not put the wine in the wine cooler before putting it on the table? The food itself was good, especially the mussels and gnocchi, but unfortunately the waitress had paid no attention to how we wanted to enjoy our meal! We wanted to slowly share 4 courses so we ordered an antipasti board to start with which was supposed to be followed by mussels, then a bowl of gnocchi and then a calzone (which I have to say they did change the flavour of for us which was appreciated). The antipasti board came at the same time as the mussels and the gnocchi came at the same time as the calzone! As I said previously, the food was good but the service spoilt it for me so after our mains we asked for the bill and went to the nearby Creams for dessert. Overall I was disappointed in the service and felt that Enzo’s lacked ambience (given that it was a Friday night) – it reminded me more of a café you’d go to for lunch rather than a restaurant you’d go to for dinner. If I was in Windsor again I probably wouldn’t choose to return! 
Just like a fast food eaterie, could have been a Frankie n Bennies or Chimmichanga! 
Service was very pleasant. We had a well executed sea bass from the a la carte and an average frutti di mare pizza off the specials board. Unfortunately I found the middle 2/3rds of my pizza too soggy.  
Staff are very friendly and attentive. 
Against my better judgment I decided to try a different area restaurant last night, as I just didn’t feel up to the longer walk to Sipson village for Indian food (both restaurants are great!). My meal was fine, but a bit disappointing given the way people raved about it in their reviews. It makes me think that they have never truly had a great steak or a well prepared lobster. Anyway, this restaurant is fine and the food was of good quality, just lower your expectations a bit to just above average.  
We were surprised that Windsor has a new no 1 restaurant at Tripadvisor, and we didn’t know this? So time to check! We called if there was a table for 2 and there were plenty, which is quite different from other restaurants in Windsor. 
Food was average across the board, Pizza were very doughy they were tasty but only right in the center the rest was dough and cheese. 
Nothing in the ambience or location tells you that the place is expensive. Food is good. The chicken in lemon sauce was quite tasty but the pesto pasta was avoidable. Pizzas were good, freshly wood oven baked and thin crust. Prices are high. We paid £140 for five people with no drinks or dessert except a glass of wine someone tried.  
We have eaten here previously and hence why we returned but to be honest I didn’t feel it this time and was disappointed especially with the desert, very expensive and very tiny, steak was good and lobster ok service was average.  
My wife wanted her birthday dinner here with a group of friends as she liked a seafood pasta dish on a business dinner. I wasn’t impressed at all, niether was she. Firstly it took about 6 calls to book table ! When we arrived the table wasnt ready and we was asked to wait outside as no room inside! When seated tbe place was so rammed we hold a convo on a table for 5! I had the special chicken with tom sauce , it was medicoca and potatoes on side where burnt. Service was ok ! But they just have one loo, out side open kitchen and while waiting it looked messy and pasta been pre cookedand warmed up! 
The steak was a little bland. It was supposed to be cooked in garlic butter but this could not be tasted at all. The lobster tasted steamed and not grilled as requested. I asked the waiter to check that it was steamed with the chef and he did, but I still don't believe it was. This is not my first time eating lobster.  
This restaurant was recommended to us by some friends. 
We were excited to try this Steak and Lobster restaurant, and upon arriving at the hotel we had high hopes. I tried a couple of the cocktails (not overly impressed) and the starters we ordered several to share... the meat taco was disgusting and it was the vegetarian lettuce wraps that had the most flavour. My husband never orders vegetarian and even he agreed. The main we ordered was the steak and Lobster, the steak was very tasty and cooked as requested.... the lobster was a complete let down and seemed like there was no meat in it. We decided to skip dessert and go elsewhere to continue with dessert and a few evening drinks. I wouldn’t go back as felt it was overpriced and lacked the standard we were expecting. You can get a good steak in several places, don’t bother ordering the lobster. If you want an example of cost, we ordered 4 starters, 3 steak and lobsters, one steak in a roll 4 beers, 2 cocktails and 2 cokes and it was well over £200. We choose to dine out regularly, we wouldn’t recommend here and won’t be going back. 
Limited menu and friendly staff, that on our visit were slow to respond at first. 
Ok we was staying there. Lovely hotel and great restaurant staff lovely food was nice but...... my T-bone looked like it been reheated in a frying pan with so much oil on it.  
Good food. Asked to move table after main then inferred we had stayed too long. Informed we only had table for certain length of time. Not told this at time of booking. The bill for food brought without asking for it. Couple at next table admonished for sitting together rather than opposite each other! Will not return. 
Booked a table some weeks ago as the reviews were good. Ended up on the worlds tightest table in the window, we had to take turns cutting up our food.  
We went to Sebastians a second time last night. I looked at my last review and things haven't changed much. Sunday evening but still popular and perhaps a bit noisy. Service was good (apart from slow bringing the bill). The place feels Italian. Nice specials. Pizza bases are excellent but there could be a bit more stuff on top. Mussels linguine was also good. Chicken was good but needed a green veg to make it perfect. Table a good size. What am I not raving - not sure - but some dishes were expensive and I am always a value for money guy. 
The food was good and service was fine. Did all feel that it was rushed and they are keen to get you in and out. Also toilets are very close to the kitchen which is a bit off putting. Was very standard for the money but nothing wrong with it 
We have visited three times as a couple in the last year or so. Firstly, I must commend Sebastian's on their service, the staff are first rate and the level of service, knowledge and attentiveness is akin to that of a Michelin starred restaurant. 
We had passed this Italian a few times and the wood fired oven enticed us in for the evening. The restaurant was full however we had reserved and we’re seated near the back. We started with cheesy garlic bread to share. Now the garlic bread was a very good size and one was enough to share, the bread base was delicious however there was hardly any garlic taste and the cheese was fairly bland, additionally we asked for olives which could have come from a local supermarket and were overpriced. For the mains we had the Amore pizza again a good size, lovely bread. Parma ham tasted really good but was let down by the mushrooms and tomatoes base which were both fairly bland. Dessert was tiramisu, wasn’t bad and wasn’t good but a little over priced. Overall the price for 4 of us was slightly on the high size. Maybe we picked the wrong items as the pasta looked good with the majority of patrons going for it, however the pizza didn’t really differentiate from other restaurants which is a-shame. If they had selected the toppings from a specialist supplier and given more toppings for the base provided it would have been a lot better. 
Went will my family for lunch , very nice appetisers pizza and pasta, but I had the steak quite tasty but very small , for £17.50 I was expecting a bit more than a mouthful of rocket a small steak and some potatoes, all served up on a piece of wood, would of made a good sandwich. My wife’s see bass was very average and the drinks where expensive 3/4 if a glass of presseco I think was £8.00  
Excellent and engaging staff. Unfortunately the food does not meet expectations. The menu is uninspiring other than pizza which to be fair we didn’t order. 
Ravioli pasta was too dough’y ... appeared to not be properly cooked. They could have done a better job.  
this is a tiny restaurant, and was booked by our hotel for us, they had us down as a two instead of a four, but they head waiting/front of house made a fuss but squeezed us in, it is a bit cramped for my liking sitting all to close to other tables, so if anyone moves you are actually on top of one another. The food was good and the waitress was a lot nicer than the gut who greeted us, so that was a bonus, they run through the special board extremely fast so once you started to look at the menu you had forgotten what was on it, and it was too busy to ask her to repeat it, so we went with the usual menu, which was good, medallions of beef in a sauce with potatoes and spinach was very tasty and the meat was cooked perfectly, the wine a Pinot Grigio was a light refreshing white, panna cotta was very nice with a blackcurrant sauce, we had no coffee we decided to g back to the hotel as it was a more relaxed atmosphere. 
We visited Sebastian's for lunch, as a group of 5. Food was delicious but the service was poor and slow. One of our group took ages to be served, despite everyone else having received their meal. We had to ask for dessert menus and the waitress was far too inattentive. Other tables got much more attention and quicker service than we did. As I said, food was delicious but we unlucky with the service. 
In a narrow alley away from the tourist strip. Totally full on a Wednesday evening. Despite reservations, the four of us had to sit at two small, terrace-sized round tables. The waiting staff keeps up. The menu is half pizza, half standard Italian fare. What I liked: non-touristy feel. Price for food for four is Pst 90. The bottle of Barolo was 60. 
I have had lunch & dinner here a few times, good friendly service, you can see your pizza being made and cooked. Fish dish was very disappointing, but have had very good meat dishes. I guess it is a little "pot luck" as to what you choose and who is cooking! 
Cute setting. Nice size restaurant. Work trip which I arrived the night before. Found the restaurant on trip advisor and walked in. The reception was a little frosty despite the restaurant being half empty. Perhaps the inconvenience of single person table Not many niceties from the guy at the door.  
We’ve been to Sebastian’s 2-3x and they have a decent menu and good food but the service is perpetually substandard. They deal with a lot of tourists and seem put off by them. I suppose it’s understandable but if that’s not the sort of clientele that you want, you shouldn’t have a business in this location.  
The group comments: 
Having booked our table, we arrived and were made to wait because our table wasn’t ready and they had to rush the other guests to accommodate us! Once we sat down and ordered our food, it arrived within 5 minutes and although it was OKish, we were constantly under pressure to finish up as quickly as possible with them even cleaning our table before we’d even finished! There was no relaxed feeling and we didn’t feel there was a good customer / waiter connection. We were in and out within 40 minutes and for that reason I wouldn’t go back!  
Nice place on a narrow side alley right in the middle of town. Nice decor, nice atmosphere, nice staff. Pizza is nice as well though I thought the dough was very dry. Seems to be very popular (it was super full on a quiet cold weeknight). It's an OK option to have dinner at reasonable prices. Did I mention everything was nice? 
We often meet in Windsor and have eaten at possibly 20 different restaurants in the town. Last night we tried Sebatians. It was OK, food was OK, it was a little noisy I had the lemon chicken which was OK but too expensive for just a small chicken breast and some small potatoes, I don't think Id rush back 
No real change to my prior reviews. An excellent pizza but I find £13 just too much for a bit of dough and toppings. The specials are especially pricey. Service is good. Kids menu is £7 for a good size pizza and ice cream, but no drink. Side salad is £6 so £19 for pizza and side salad is just plain crazy to me. If money is not your primary concern and you just want a good pizza then go ahead. 
Located at the less interesting end of Peascod Street, opposite a hairdressers and health food shop is Enzos. 
The food in general is good, from the specials to the pizzas. The staff is friendly, however everything seems so rushed because the place is small and busy. Not much of an atmosphere to relax. Despite the good food, the atmosphere puts me off to come back. 
We booked for a Satuday night dinner and were seated quickly when we arrived. The menu was very good and had lots of choices. The only negative is that the portion sizes were on the small size for the price - £11.95 for 7 ravioli seemed quite high compared to other italians. 
The steak is great, but the unlimited chips and salad is no more. Apparently different management. It's not good value for money as it use to be. Damn shame because i really did like this place. Won't be coming back. Service was good.  
I am a single parent with 2 children. I booked my table at Enzos 2 weeks in advance as with children it's important to be organised. We were given only two time options- 6o'clock or 8 oclock. I picked 8 as were out for the day and didn't want to feel rushed. Having visited before, we were really excited. When I arrived there wasn't a table available. There was a table for two (a couple behind us who hadn't booked were swiftly seated) and a table for four. I felt we could have been seated at the four but we were told it was for another family. We were asked to wait at the front of the restaurant. I explained that my children were hungry.  
Disappointed with this restaurant no social distancing in place looks as if there are just the same amount of tables. Food was ok nothing special. 
Recently visited Enzos with some friends from out of town. We've lived in Windsor for a while and Enzos has been on our list for a while so we were excited about visiting! However we were left feeling disappointed at the quality of the food. The calamari, mussels and prawn starter dishes all consisted of the same tomato sauce (give or take some chillis) - which, whilst nice, got a bit boring. The bread served with the starters was also quite chewy and seemed a bit stale. The pizza seemed to be the best choice as the seafood linguine was also spaghetti with 1 prawn, 3 squid rings and mussels (and in the same tomato sauce!). The service of the staff was attentive and friendly though. 
Lovely family owned pub with very friendly service and atmosphere. Big portions and reasonable price and flavour of dishes. 
Got a takeaway - 1 chicken samosa, 1 veg samosa, onion bhajis, 1 naan, lamb nihari, sag paneer and mixed veg curry. We got a few sauces for free which was a nice touch (chutneys I believe). The hubby enjoyed his lamb dish and we both liked the sag paneer. Unfortunately, we got 2 veg samosas instead of 1 chicken and 1 veg. The mixed veg curry lacked sauce and was mostly potatoes and slightly salty. The naan was perfect though! Highs and lows, we'll try other dishes from the menu next time.  
I’ve not eaten here for quite some time but today decided to come here for lunch. Between us we ordered some naan breads, a fish karahi and a mash ki daal.  
I went to this restaurant with family restaurant was bit full they were having some party like birthday party of a child all of them seems busy  
we enjoyed the food sometimes it is better than other days 
I ordered a take away and the food was fresh and flavoursome however the curries were far too salty. I often have to ask them not to put too much salt in the curries when I eat at the restaurant. This time I forgot. The fish and lamb karahi was very salty and difficult to eat. I was not pleased.? 
Over the years I’ve noticed that whilst the prices are creeping upwards, the once impeccable and slick service and food standards have unfortunately begun a downward trajectory. 
I came here after quite some time with my dad, as we had a craving for some of their amazing mash ki daal.  
I was the first if many to try Karachi cuisine back when they bought the "halwa poori house". Had a take away from Karachi cuisine few weeks ago, order mistake (forgot the halwa and chana) with halwa poori and no body bothered double checking the takeaway bag before handing over. No apologies when I went back in, the portion sizes are smaller and they just added water on top of chana to make it a runny which made the taste and appearance horrendous - see attached. 
Visited here with a friend and the food was lovely. Not too impressed with the unprofessional staff who seemed very very young and back chatting a manager. Unfortunately this made us feel uncomfortable especially when it seemed like an effort for them to serve us. However, the female manager was friendly and professional and the roast was very very nice!  
Had rib eye steak here. Was OK but nothing to shout about. Service was polite enough, but in a going through the motions type of way. All in all can't complain, but won't rush back. 
Though I enjoyed planning, consuming, and finally eliminating my meal at Karachi Cuisine, it wasn't as good as I had expected, and the quality didn't reflect the price or sentiments of other reviewers. 
We booked through groupon and have to say the food was ok don’t know if I would rush to go back .  
My family and I tried the Sunday Roast here after seeing they were number 1 on TripAdvisor for a very long time! I felt it was just an average lunch as I'm probably more used to spiced Asian cuisine... The service was average, quite a large meal on a Sunday afternoon. Pretty average I would say...  
We finally got around to calling into the Bloomsbury properly as the past couple of occasions we'd been told they'd stopped serving food. 
Two of us went to this restaurant for lunch on a Sunday. The restaurant was quiet with only about 8 people dining at that time. 
The Bloomsbury has been rated very highly in our local area on Tripadvisor so we decided to give it a go. Several of the reviews raved about the Sunday lunch so Sunday lunch it was. The place has obviously been given a modern "gastro pub" makeover, but the decor and the 80's greatest hits soundtrack made us feel like we had stepped into a decade past. The roasts are the only choice on a Sunday so I was really hopeful that they would be special as the kitchen was focusing solely on them. Unfortunately they weren't. We opted for the lamb and beef. Both were cooked very well done. All of the veg on the plate was fresh, but it was all boiled, and not seasoned at all, so tasted of nothing. The exception were the roast potatoes, usually a favourite of mine. These were not the golden brown, crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside roast potatoes that one dreams of. Instead they were barely browned, a little hard and I suspect started the day in the freezer case. Yorkshires were also clearly from frozen. Not the full shilling I'm afraid. 
Went there on my recent trip all dishes where normal not up to mark only good was service . Will never go back again if u have so many choices in london 
Nice food, courteous waiters but a pricey for what we paid per head. The Biryani was the stand out dish. 
As a food critic, I was excited to try karachi cuisine's iftar buffet after reading about their curry awards.  
Our first Sunday lunch at this pub was outstanding. It had been highly recommended, everything was fresh, the portions generous and the staff friendly. Our second visit, however, was a huge disappointment. While the staff were friendly, the roast beef was tough as was the chicken and we both thought the food must have been prepared the day before, In fact, we left half of our food. So speaking from experience maybe it depends on the day you go as to what the food is like! 
First visit had a lovely Madras knowing that on the menu it said it had dairy in I thought well it wouldn't have much so I didn't give it a second thought really enjoyed our meal only to be really ill with IBS and being a lactoce intolance didn't do me any favours as I suffered so much on the Sunday and Monday. 
Went to Karachi Cuisine for the first time. First impressions, very clean and organised, waiters were very proffesional. We ordered, chana chaat, chicken tikka, haleem, lamb biryani.  
Although the decoration and atmosphere was lovely and very fancy. I didn’t enjoy the food much. Came here about 3x and thought I’d try to enjoy it but I just don’t think it’s the right taste for me. First time eating a steak here and I wasn’t a huge fan. The lobster however was tasty. Staff here were lovely too, served by someone named Alicia. 
The tiramisu was nice but the pesto and pizza were average. It might have been because the restaurant was full but still we expected better given the rating. 
We went to this restaurant as it was recommended by our friend. The service was great and friendly, but the experience was let down by the food. The calzone was tasteless, crab pasta greasy and structure just not right. Will try again and hopefully will be better.  
Have been here three times, twice with a group of guests invited to a party and once with the family. The quality of food is slightly better than the average Indian/Pakistani restaurants. The quantity is very miserly. A typical tandoori naan is considerably smaller than what you get in other similar places. Curry portions are smaller too. I think these restaurants have to be regulated for the size of the dishes....like 400 grams or 500 grams. You order something and you don't know what quantity you are getting. Ridiculous....and the owners take advantage of this loophole.  
We went back to one of our favourite haunts with family and friends...12 in total.  
Had our works Xmas dinner there on Friday 9th December, we were a party of 10. Arrived at 6pm, shown to our table given a drinks menu and simply left to get parched for 20 mins, had to call the waiter over to take our drinks order.  
Wasn't great tasting food and was overly expensive.  
Opened not too long ago. It is big with many tables and quality surroundings. At weekends they have a singer which can be a bit too much if you want a quite meal. Prices are on the high side. Service was good and food was ok too. 
Called in for a meal after looking at several reviews. I was a little disappointed. The starters were good but the main was definitely overpriced my husband had a generous helping of a mixed grill, but I asked for steak with skinny fries and that is what I got, but I also received a side of mushrooms that I cannot eat. The mushrooms were not noted on the menu, which was strange because with everything else on the menu you had to add to the price of your meal, including the sause. Did not bother with the desert  
My friend and I were sat in a booth and chatting for a long time before we ordered our food. The waiter was initially very pushy with trying to get us to order as he must have thought we only sat there for free water or something. We ordered our food in the end and he was nicer after that. The restaurant wasn't busy so it wasn't like 2 people sat in a booth that could sit 4 people was an inconvenience anyway.  
4 girls for dinner, two with combination allergies who were looked after pretty well. The kitchen did their best to adapt recipes and offer suggestions. Expression Martinis are good. Food is good. I had the goats cheese and beetroot starter which was really tasty and the crackling was very tasty. Steaks were cooked well. Although when charging between £30-40 for stake I think it's a little rich to charge £2 for the accompanying sauce. We had to wave a couple of times and once call out "excuse me" to order more drinks and get the bill as the team weren't quite as attentive as you'd expect. Very nice decor, clean, friendly staff and good food. Just a tad over priced and a little lacking in service so for the price you're paying, I'd have to say average for this area. Windsor has a lot to chose from. 
I took the Goat Cheese Salad which was good. After which I ordered a steak specifying "medium". Half the steak was medium and the other half "Well Done". I made the waiter aware and he apologised however without offering any solution. 
The food was good 
Very cramped,food expensive for what you get,felt rushed to finish the meal.Think more selection is needed on the starter menu. 
I am sitting at Windsor grill now food is not bad . 
Went to Windsor Grill after consulting TripAdvisor. Was not disappointed but have had much better steaks. Potatoes were not optimally cooked. Final bill contained an optional 12.5% service charge which was added without asking.  
I had dinner on my own, shortly after moving to Windsor. My visit happened to coincide with Royal Ascot. There were lots of people in the restaurant, but I didn't feel like I was part of the environment - very much an outsiders. The meal was very good, but if you're looking for a place where you feel like you're at home, this is not the place 
We went for a fathers day meal, 
We visited this venue for a evening meal at 6.30pm. We notices the early bird menu £15 3 course but not offered.  
I had high expectations for this restaurant, so a good foody-friend and I decided to try it tonight. Being a Monday didn't expect much in the name of ambience, but food good every day - in my world. I wasn't wrong ... the food delicious, but way over-priced. I'm always happy to pay for quality and service - quality was fabulous, but not wishing to be pedantic, I think their pricing is way over the mark. And to add insult to injury the waitress's response to my dissatisfaction was down to being "over my budget". Interesting, as I didn't have one ,,,, 
Service okay all in all, food average; not the best yo! Sushi we've had but still okay. The issue was the fact that the staff felt the need to hang around us like a bad smell and have private conversations amongst themselves directly in front of us. It made it awkward to the point we didn't want to have a conversation, so spent a fair amount in silence. From what we gathered, the people involved were the manager, 2 staff members on shift, and one former member of staff or one not on shift. She wasn't in uniform, but everyone knew her. 
Staff not so friendly do not fully understand wine or cuts of beef. 
We came here for my husbands birthday as he loves steak but doesn't get to eat it very often. Staff were very nice but the food was average. We were greedy and went for the pork crackling and apple sauce nibbles. It was much too hard and pretty tasteless. My hubby loved his steak but he ordered the chunky fries which were literally a quarter of a jacket potato per chip! They were HUGE! I had a burger which wasn't the best I've ever had which was a shame. Nice skinny fries though! We shared a banana and caramel ice cream which I think tasted weird and not great. I don't think we'll be going back.  
Our first experience was lovely. The welcome was warm, the food was lovely, tasty and filling. The second time we were disappointed. The service was extremely slow and uncaring. They had run out of what I wanted so I ordered duck confit. It was DREADFUL. It tasted as though it had been stewing for hours, until the sauce had boiled dry. The waiters avoided us and did not ask if we had enjoyed our food....they must have known. Also very expensive. 
I was somewhat disappointed with the the Windsor Grill. For a place that focuses on steak I found the one I had to be rather lacking in flavour. My fillet was cooked accurately and was soft and tender but just didn't really taste of much. 
Had lunch here twice in the last week. Locale is funky. Food is tasty but the variety on the conveyor is very limited, although you can order additional goodies from the menu, (which somewhat defeats the object). Prices are reasonable compared with the Japanese cuisine expectations but are expensive for what is largely self-service fast-food.  
Went for dinner last night, food was excellent- I had the rib-eye and and it was beautifully cooked, will definitely be coming back to try the other cuts and more. On the other hand, service although attentive could have been less formal but maybe it was just me. 
The food was average. I would not recommend the restaurant for the food but the service was very pleasant which compensated.  
I was spending a weekend in Windsor and had perused trip advisor reviews religiously in order to decide where to eat. I still do not understand some of the reviews, but maybe it's just me. I expected it would be an up-market steakhouse with large portions and mid-range prices but what we got were medium portions for fine dining hotel prices. 
Nipped in for a snack for first time as it was pouring with rain. Junior staff were poor but I suspect due to lack of training. Management staff were trying to plug gaps but that's not really the answer. The senior staff were very good just going about addressing the issues the wrong way. Liked the food and all fresh and can watch them preparing it. Nice touch with water taps... 
Went for an early dinner on a Monday. They have some sort of deal where all blue plates (seemed to be most dishes) are a bit cheaper. I didn't manage to work out how much by. 
I love the Yo Sushi chain and normally the service and food are good - here the food is good but you consistently wait a long time for service and have to move plates to simply sit down, they simply do not have enough staff 
I was in Richmond and looking for sushi and found Yo. Yo Sushi is average chain (overprices if you ask me) that provides running sushi.  
I have eaten here a few times and I think although the food is good, it is fairly overpriced compared to other local restaurants. I personally also felt a little claustrophobic as the ceilings are low and some of the tables and chairs are a little cramped. It hasn't stopped me from going, but now I think a little longer about booking and will usually go somewhere else. 
We popped into the Yo! in Richmond on Sunday 10th July to be gloomily greeted by whom I presume was the manager on shift. He sat us down but didn't give us menus so I went to the front and got us some myself. After a few minutes no one took our order, despite having pressed the buzzer. He came back over and looked a bit rushed, although there were hardly any people in there. I assume they were cleaning up in the evening, but as a Customer service provider myself I still didn't expect to be treated as a hindrance. It was 7.30 and the Yo! closed at 9pm.  
Food is as expected but service was slow and it wasn't busy. Also customer toilet had no paper in it. Needs a good kick to bring it in line with what I would expect from a Yo! 
After disappointment at Bill's we went there for lunch. Everything was decent, stuff reliable and food was good. It's a good place for a quick meal. 
We were on our way to London and it was lunchtime so we stopped off in Richmond. We were going to Carluccios which we knew but parking is difficult, and walking back from the multi storey car park we came across Yo Sushi. My wife decided we should go there and we had been once before in Southampton. The fact is we are not very familiar with the dishes and undoubtedly it takes time to learn, so what was planned as a quick stop in the end took some time! 
The service is slow and confused due to young inexperienced staff but in general the experience was just average as was the food, the chefs are not so much 'skilled' but more 'recipe-followers' again though for the price it is good value 
I visited this branch last night, I usually eat at the Kingston Yo! Sushi but we were in the area. Yo! Sushi is(was) my favourite restaurant, however after last night it definitely isn't! I ordered the same thing as always, chilli pepper squid, took some gyoza (lukewarm and uncovered) and california rolls off the belt. Last night I woke up and vomited everything up - which is very rare for me. I don't even want to walk past a Yo! Sushi again, which is annoying since that is where my family and I were going to eat next week on my birthday. 
Second time I've been to this branch - both times service very slow and had to ask again for drinks. 
Food is good but maybe not quite good enough considering the owner's influence....? It's in our neighbourhood so I'd love it to stay and to be successful. Staff is professional and friendly.  
Oh dear!! The restaurant is a long way from the main town centre and didn't warrant the walk. 
Where shall I start? 
I had a relatively standard meal which was fairly average, also had some sushi which was the same, but the dumplings here are definitely some of the nicest I have had 
The service was excellant and the pizza's are huge, just not really over impressed with them, also steaks etc are available , wine starts at £14:00 up a bottle and the usual beers. 
Came for a group lunch out midweek. Food was pretty good - it comes in big portions though, so two dishes is too much in many cases. 
The food was fine. I like quirky . However but all the mini figurines ( toy soldiers) along the restaurant ledges could do with a good clean or chucking out. Would suggest the latter 
A bit scruffy place . Ordered momo set , a little bowl of miso soup , a piece of over boiled pok Choi, few endomama , all tasteless and unskillful, Hardly justify the extra 2 pounds. The momo itself is ok , nothing too special. Totally 10 pounds are not worth it at all.  
Admittedly I've only tried Malaysian dishes (not sushi) to date and unfortunately I found it very bland. I lived in Malaysia so I know the original tastes. 
I’ve often walked past cafe momo and wondered what the food was like, I did check the reviews and my partner said let’s try it. I would def say the food theme is Malaysian/Indonesian. The food was very fresh and hot, I will say that and yet I was left a bit disappointed with the taste, it was OK, we ordered 3 mains, satay chicken Nasi Goreng my partner gave it an 8/10 and we shared the Prawn dumpling soup which came with salad and edamame was good I’d rate it 7-8/10 yet the olive veggie soup was bland. Maybe need to explore the menu more, but wasn’t really for us. 
We all went last night and disappointed after reading the reviews on this restaurant first the Garlic Bread was burnt the beer pump was broken so only bottles The pizza’s a little poor on the amount of toppings and again tasted burnt to me . Another person had steak which was ok but the potatoes were cold. The people who run it seem nice but food was a let down. 
I have visited this cafe a few times before and found the food to be quite good as there is a small selection of Malaysian/chinese and Japanese food. 
Nice venue, good service. Didn’t feel food was as good as it’s been in past. Beef overcooked. Meringue not home made.  
Our first impression was encouraging with a warm welcome and shown to pur table immediately.  
Sushi Nara wasnt open so we went here. The choice for veggies was great but the sushi wasn't 100%. Would go back as it was still very tasty! 
We were greeted well and shown to our table which was seated very close to an enormous birthday celebration that took up the whole restaurant. I wouldnt have booked it had I known this was the case.  
We have been to this restaurant on various occasions & really enjoyed it but on our last visit we were really disappointed with the service given to us. It first started when we ordered drinks at the bar. I ordered a Hendricks G& T and was very surprised when it came with lemon rather than cucumber in it. A good bar should know this so it wasn’t a good start. When our mains arrived the veal that I ordered practically filled the plate & when the potatoes & veg arrived it should have been left in its serving dishes rather than serve it on top of the veal. The plate looked a mess. The food was tasty but the service generally left a lot to be desired & really spoilt our evening. The two young girls came across as very inexperienced & weren’t giving supervision by the head staff. 
Pretty good food but limited menu! No sign of Ramen? 
Good service  
So I go to Momo Cafe regularly but the food is great. great for lunch. But i'm not impressed by the broken dishes. We are served food in cheap ikea dishes I would expect they could pop down to Ikea and replace the broken dishes. 
Went for lunch with my son and was very busy, the only place to sit was in front of the very large window, it was a very cold day , the sun very bright! and no blinds on our side, I couldn't see a thing! and had to eat my food with my sunglasses on! they apologized for this. Just get more blinds! Food OK but not like Sushi Nara opposite. 
I dined here recently with my parents who spoke highly of its praises. The restaurant has good reviews and i wanted to see what it was like. The pint i ordered came to the table as flat as a hedgehog on the M25 when i questioned it i was told "yes sir, its the last of the barrel"..i thought that was amusing and suggested he changed it before i stopped laughing..which he did. We picked the fixed menu which was fair value and the food was good. However the evening was spoilt by the constant approach of different staff asking "Do we want another drink, or can i fill up your glass"? We ordered some wine, and was asked at least 12 times the same question and we all found this most annoying. We had other drinks throughout the evening so we cannot be accused of being slow drinkers as i do very much like a schlurp!...Either the owner has told the young staff to focus on drink sales or they wanted the table back..i think its the former..anyway a nice restaurant but over zealous staff. 
We visited as a party of nine on Sunday 17th. A very friendly waitress greeted us on arrival and we had drinks and nibbles in the bar. We had a nice table by the window and the table looked elegant and had water in carafes which was a nice touch. 
Good, above average food at reasonable prices; service not the fastest but hey, you get what you pay for. Patronized by ethnic Indians who know good food and won't go to a place that is not good. 
some good food, lovely saute potatoes. decent dessert. 
Attended venue for a works Xmas meal.  
Great food and great Indian ambience. Golgappa shots dish is a must dish in this restaurant. Loved the experience. Will visit again soon. 
We attended the restaurant for a family Sunday lunch, adults no children. You are welcomed by the very friendly staff and seated while your tabled is prepared. You are offered drinks and order food before you sit down. The menu is like being back in the 70's and in my view that is a good thing. We all had the east lunch. Silver service was the name of the game here. The real delight of this restaurant is the sweet trolley. The best I have seen in years. The price was very reasonable. Well worth a visit. 
First time visit, food was nice enough but no atmosphere in the restaurant and decor needs updating. 
We visited the Cranleigh at the weekend with some friends and we were all very disappointed. The service was ok and the food was fine. We thought it was very dated felt like we were back in the 70's especially with the food trolley etc. I'm afraid to say we will not return sorry!  
I came here with a party of 15 for my significant birthday.  
I was staying local and this place was nearby so I popped in.  
I visited this restaurant with a friend on a quiet Thursday evening, having been recommended by another friend.  
Sunday lunch with family and friends. Good portions of food presented, by very attentive staff friendly but not intrusive. Great couple of hours. 
Came here after hearing a lot about this restaurant from friends. 
Wasn't given the warm reception I'd hoped for! The service followed in this vain. The starter was very overpriced, main was nice, service was poor enough we didn't bother with dessert. Not completely terrible but very expensive for what it was! 
7 pm start on Friday was looking forward to an evenibg of good food & easy listening.Reception & waitress doing their jobs with a arrogant air.Was told special then when we ordered 5 mins later all gone only had 4 portions ? Replacement meal was sent back tastless & looked bad.My starter of chicken livers was lovely.Lamb was ok.Singer was average..Felt let down.. 
We always come here to have Chinese food and we really like it but we visit this sunday food was really tasteless it’s really disappointing and look like chef was changed but hopefully when we visit next time will get same food how we used to have it  
since our friends live nearby, we have tried many of the restaurants in the locality and chini chor remains our top spot. We tried this place for dinner on Saturday and their indo-chinese is much better than other places in the same area but their indian food lets them down. The manchow soup and szechuan noodles with manchurian gravy was the highlight of the day. But dal makhni was below average. their nans were fresh and soft. One thing that stands out here is the level of service you receive. Its far better than other restaurants of similar nature. I'd definitely go back there again for more indo-chinese dishes. 
Stopped in for dinner our last night in London. We were happy to find it was open as the last time we tried to eat here it was closed. We started with the grilled paneer appetizer which was excellent. We then had Bombay Aloo which was good but my wife thought it was dry. We also had the chicken Madras which was spicy but had a strange flavor to it, not near as good as when we have had it in the past. The butter naan and the pilau rice was excellent. The Cobra beer was cold and excellent. Service was very polite and friendly and overall we would recommend. 
Typical indian authentic food. Portions are small with higher price. You also get charged £5 extra per every bottle of alcohol you take in (regardless of size). Overall not bad and waiters are kind but however customer service could be so much better. 
First time at the cranleigh for the new years eve party. 
Having visited the restaurant on a number of previous occasions, we returned for a birthday celebration lunch on a Sunday lunchtime and were quite disappointed that the standard of service had slipped considerably. It seemed as though management and/or ownership may have changed, Staff seemed quite disinterested and were a bit sloppy. In most cases, they were not particularly friendly and seemed extremely stressed. Dessert trolley was poorly presented and the waitress describing options was not too knowledgeable or forthcoming about availability. Presentation of apple pie and custard in particular was poor. A separate jug for custard might have helped. Quality of food however was good particularly starters and main courses. 
My husband booked a table for my birthday for Sunday lunch. We had our wedding reception there 14 years ago and he thought it would be a nice surprise to return for my birthday. We arrived just before 2.30 and had drink before being shown to our table. The choice of starters and main meals were very nice, and the sweet trolley was lovely so much choice. The food was very good and plentiful. However, we did feel that we were rushed through our courses as we did not have much time between each course and this spoilt it in some way. Overall the food was great but more time between courses could be considered. 
Certainly the best in Hounslow, starters were good chana chaat was the best . Mixed grill was good but overloaded with chicken everything else was just a pair of each. The mains were average. It worked out £15 per head which is expensive for this area. Venue was very busy. 
Very nice restaurant with lots of good elements but it's very light in the eating area which gives me an uneasy feeling , I wouldn't want to put anybody off going there but it's noticeable to me , great for parties and Sunday lunch 
Been to the function suite for a retirement party and a wedding. Very basic halls and wasnt too impressed so when i was asked to go there for dinner didn't think I would like it. However, nice English food is served with surprisingly pleasant surroundings and good service. Worth a visit 
It’s becoming increasingly difficult to find good restaurants locally so my husband and I decided to try this out.Firstly when I asked for lemonade and lime cordial,waiter said they do not have lime cordial, which if they did not have a bar service I would consider it okay.We ordered sheesh kebabs, lamb chops and malai kofta with tandoori roti.All the food was nice except for the sheesh kebabs.Why do I find that the meat a lot of Indian restaurant are using is not hundred percent lamb. I love kebabs and always feel let down by the quality of meat they use to make them.If only this can be improved I would visit again as the service was good from the waiters and the time it took for the food to arrive.  
Good quality food, tastes like all properly home prepared which was excellent, however the sauces with each main meal were excessively salty for our tastes. 
Went for dinner this evening, had Chicken Korma and Biryani. The biryani dish was not brilliant. The chicken just had an extra chewy consistency and wasn’t very nice at all. Did mention it to the waitress, she did apologise but didn’t say she would pass on the feedback. 
A group dined for a birthday occasion. Staff were polite at all times. The venue was well presented and had a relaxing decor creating a pleasant atmosphere to dine in.  
I have complained on here before. If a large group they run round the table non stop bigger tips coming they think. You find the small groups get shoved anywhere to sit big comes first with the Cranleigh. We personally will never go again and know from experience if you do complain at the time they are not interested. I do not like sitting elbow to elbow just because they have booked a large party in. Food is good but others out there do as good . 
Not good for Xmas, the dj wasn't very good and the food wasn't that good either. The only thing that was good was the drinks. I wouldn't recommend it for a xmas 
Just ordered a take away order this evening and was very disappointed with my main curry. I called and asked for recommendations of a spicy curry and I was told that the Lamb Mirchi Lagi could be made extra spicy with green chillis. Anyway I didn't see 1 single green chilli in my curry.  
Make sure you check your bills as they do charge incorrectly at times. Also if you are talking alcohol they do charge corkage fee without letting you know. Overall the food is average but the restaurant is family friendly. 
earlier this evening me and couple friends visited the cranleigh for all inclusive Xmas dinner and disco. 
Visited venue last month. From the outside it looks like a 'cheap eat and leave' place, but inside you've got proper tables and friendly professional service. Interesting menu with a little twist; definately unique to Hounslow. Best papad and chutney I've ever tasted and it was served for free too! Slightly on the higher price end, but justified.  
The cranleigh has been around since I can remember it seems to have a constant flow of customers for party's etc why is a mystery it is dire need of renovation some new menus and the staff need a kick up the behind it is very bland / boring 
i think overall its a classic English restaurant - some reviews mention contemporary i think bland would be a better description... it was just a bit soulless. Huge menu which is always a little concerning as one wonders if it is actually fresh or Brake Bros. The food was fine - the mixed veg was hilarious if i had a dessert spoon of frozen bits and pieces that was it! the sweet trolley was straight out of the ark with a glut of strawberries as they appeared on nearly every dessert! overall it was a pleasant enough evening but prices are a bit hit and miss - wouldn't rush back but good to catch up with friends! 
The staff are very friendly and attentive, food was pretty good too, only negative is it was just a dull atmosphere. 
Having a great day with my friends and we ordered some dishes as take away. The presentation of the plates wasn’t very good and they get in the location cold because they weren’t covered enough. The food wasn’t that bad but I’ll suggest to change the take away boxes. 
I recently visited the restaurant on my return to Cyprus where I live. As a seasoned customer at many Indian restaurants around the world together with cooking Indian cuisine I am well equipped to make this unbiased and balanced review of my visit to this establishment. 
Was staying around the corner so had dinner here 1 night. Very friendly place. Nice wood fire perfect for the coming winter. Food was good but found it a little salty. 
We enjoyed our meals but mine was spicier than expected. The atmosphere was ok and the service ok. I could not help but compare it to my favourite Thai restaurants back in my home country of New Zealand and to my favourite one in Battersea. If the service and atmosphere had been better I would have given it more stars. 
Saw the reviews and thought I had to try it out. Taste wasn’t bad at all, just not what I was expecting. Have tasted better fish and chips, but the service was undoubtedly superb. 
We decided to come for dinner because of the many good reviews on food served here. But unfortunately our meal was average. My fish &chip was tasteless, soggy with burned chips and my partner pie was ok. But good portion and service. Maybe time for some updating of the toilets. 
Ever since my daughter lived in Hammersmith and introduced me and some friends to the Andover we have returned at least once a year in the summer and at Christmas. 
Its a small intimate restaurant, with very attentive staff. Called to book appointment earlier in the day to no avail, but they called us back and accommodated our late booking. 
Having read great reviews about the food I was really expecting more. The food is average and although it makes a decent pub grab is by all means no gastro pub. The portions are huge and the service excellent. I had the lamb which was average and tasted microwaved to order. My companion ordered the steak which was ok. The desserts again huge but missed to impress. The ambiance is warm and cozy emphasized by a real open fire. Perfect place for a cold winter day. World definitely return but not especially for a meal.  
Decent food but a little overrated in tripadvisor. The food was oke but we expected more. The personel was a little too speedy.  
Well the food was ok, but the last time we've been there, the lamb shoulder had double the size - which by the way was way to big for two persons (!) - and was more tender. The ox cheak parpadelle were good but nothing special. If you want typical British pub food, this might be good place to start. It might be a little bit outside your typical tourist paths and a little bit more expensive, but really no bad choice 
We went for an evening meal to Dan Thai to try out the Thai cuisine. We decided to have the set meal as we felt it was a good balance to have a taster of the different foods. The waiter informed us that they did not have one of the dishes and gave me a list of what I could have instead.  
Had the Tom Yum soup to start which was one of least tasty I'd ever had, even buying a jar from a Thai supermarket and adding water had more flavour than this, though it did have 4 big King Prawns. 
We came here for a family Sunday lunch. Food was generally decent. Whilst the roast beef was tasty, as was the yorkshire pudding, the potatoes that came with it were almost inedible. Other dishes ordered such as the burger and the half chicken were fine. We booked here based on excellent reviews in the media and TripAdvisor. Perhaps our expectations were too high, but it was the type of Sunday roast meal one could have in any decent, solid, pub. Service was ok. 
Good service, that's the positive. 
I have lunched here on several previous occasions and I have always enjoyed it. This time it was a disappointment. Surprisingly, it was packed on a Monday lunchtime and I think that the kitchen simply couldn't cope: the food took a long time to come (despite the heroic efforts of the server) and the quality was indifferent, e.g. my lamb chops were very overdone and the chips were soggy. I will certainly come again but I hope that it will be back on form.  
I came over with my dad to enjoy a nice Sunday roast, encouraged by the positive reviews of this pub in tripadvisor. 
The Andover Arms has always been a special place - a country pub in the middle of London. It's the heart of Brackenbury Village and we've been so lucky that in the last couple of years its just got better and better. Improvements in food and service have brought people in droves, making sure there's always a lively atmosphere.  
Have been here around 10 times and always had great food. Disappointing on my last visit when we came as a larger group. Pies are usually awesome but chewy and overcooked this time, occasionally fatty, and luke warm mash. Chips served with burger were not great. However, lamb and burgers were good. This place isn't cheap, £25 for a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc and £4.50 for beer, for example and they put service charge on automatically which isn't normal for a pub. So it should be really good... and normally it is extremely good and worth paying that bit extra for. We will return. 
I have suggested the Andover Arms as a Saturday dinner outing with some friends, based on the excellent reviews it has got and their menu which seemed to be appealing with his mix of British pub food and Thai cuisine. 
Visited on a Friday. Massive queues. The fish and chips were high priced but to be honest nothing outstanding. Can't justify the wait and prices 
Wanted a quick lunch on Saturday and dropped in on this little gem. We never eat fish and chips so did not know what to expect in terms of quality and quantity. Not disappointed at all but those days of a cheap meal are gone our bill for 2 with drinks came to over £22. Service with a smile. If we come back to Croydon we may well visit again 
I went with a few people because I read some good reviews and taught It would be worth 
We went here as we were going to see a show at the Apollo. The rave reviews told us this was the best place to go but I'd say it was very average, though the staff were really friendly. 
Had the Chicken and Chorizo pie, nice pub food was good. Will go again and try out another dish. One thing I will say is that I had a soft drink and it'd taste good, not sure if the syrup was mixed. 
Booked a table here for dinner with my girlfriend after reading all the excellent TripAdvisor reviews. Was not overly impressed. The atmosphere and the beer were good but the food was nothing spectacular. Was a little disappointed to be honest. Average at best.  
I booked The Andover Arms for Sunday lunch on the strength of the reviews here. I was pretty underwhelmed by the experience. 
Ordered the fish pie which was really good, but not memorable. Desserts were yummy, but overall, expected a lot better after reading all of those great reviews here. Our waitress forgot to bring our starters, but they did bring us desserts for free. Had a good time, but don't think I'll be coming here again (no wow-factor unfortunately). 
Nothing special to be honest  
Had a sit-down lunchtime fish and chips meal. Staff were first class, the place was clean, plenty of room. Orders were taken quickly, and a nice cup of tea. It would be better if peas (the traditional English accompaniment) were offered free with meals rather than the strange gherkins and nibbles, or a choice of one or the other. The bread was nice. However, it seems that a lot of "cod" which is finding its way into fish and chip shops and restaurants these days is very different to the cod I know from my own local fish and chip shop. What we had here and in other places is what can only be described as a bit slimy, not firm and meaty...and as a chef myself I am inclined to think that some restaurants are serving whiting instead of cod which turns mushy/slimy when cooked too slowly. The price tag for a sit-down fish and chips meal was a bit steep, especially as the portion size for a regular fish was quite small and did not look or taste like cod. I did not feel I should complain as I was a guest of someone else. 
Was highly recommended to this fish & cip shop so thought I would pay a long overdue visit. Haven't visited the area of shops where the restaurant is sited, strange array of rather tatty run down shops and seemed to be pretty littered which is a shame, however I ordered three cod and chips got them home and the chips were a bit on the soggy side, if they used a box they would of survived the journey of just over a mile & a half a bit better. Wasn't the largest portion for the higher than average cost, thought they were ok nothing to special to recommend to friends! Have found a really nice fish and chip shop Wickham Bay in West Wickham will not put myself out to visit McDermotts. 
Always seems to be busy, The last time I went, the chips were not cooked properly, when we mentioned this to the waiter, we were told it was that time of the year, when the spuds were not at there best! 
Fish is not as big or thick as it used to be, I have never rated their chips as they are too dry and powdery. It's expensive to eat in restaurant approx £16 a person saying that it's still the only decent fish shop for miles. 
A very busy Sunday lunchtime for a fairly small pub. Not a long menu, a few starters and main course pub staples of sausage and mash, fish and chips and the usual selection of roasts. Large portions and friendly service. Good range of beers and wines at sensible prices.  
The reviews are good but its not to great inside as I found out when we visited after work. Very sloe service and the staff are not too interested. 
I went there aftera recommendation from a friend. Nice place, nice cod in butter. But i can not say its the best one i had. Pricewise you can get better deals from some other places 
This is a great drinking pub, good beer, good salty snacks, good atmosphere. 
We tried McDermott's takeaway for the first time this evening. Service was friendly and quick, despite the shop being busy. Our cod and chips were very tasty, although some of the chips could have done with a little more cooking. The battered sausage was really small compared to what we're used to, but perfectly ok. The problem was the tiny portions and cost. Their large portions of chips were about half the size that we've experienced elsewhere. It all seemed rather dear for the amount of food that you actually get, which was not enough. Shame as it really was tasty.  
Chips too chunky, not the best kind of potatoes used. If there is option of french fries, I will be happier. 
The Thai food was typical and the price modest though not cheap. But sadly there wer no other patrons. This is true of most Indian, Chinese and Thai restaurants that bother to open for lunch. Sometimes I wonder why they bother. 
Having come from Birmingham where you can find a good fish and chips for under £5 I was surprised to get very little change from a tenner. Your order is cooked fresh as you enter which I thought was good although having got home some of the chips were not thoroughly cooked through which was disappointing. My biggest disappointment is that they don't offer salt and vinegar. I was actually really surprised when the server just wrapped my order up and put it in a bag. Isn't salt a vinegar a necessity for fish and chips? There are condiments on the side that you can use yourself but you have to open the bag that has just been wrapped to do it. Being a busy shop I understand asking if you want salt and vinegar will add a little extra time to each order but having already waited in an already quite long queue, the extra 10 seconds wouldn't have made any difference at all. 
Food is very nice however I would not buy the kids bites again they where just bits of left over fish with too much batter.  
after coming here for our Christmas lunch for the last few years we were really disappointed in both the food and the service this time - so will find somewhere different next year. 
Had previously eaten here a while ago and had a great dinner. Unfortunately we didn’t have the same experience this time. So the food arrived and looked nice but it lacked the finer details.  
 So I live locally to the Andover, and was desperately keen to visit as it had reopened. I read good reviews and was expecting good things. I just think that given their reputation they could do a little better. Steak and chips was okay, but steak was small and came on a plate slathered in balsamic glaze. I thought that had gone out of fashion in the 90s. My fish pie had lots of fish and was okay. My mate has the steak and ale pie that looked like the pick of the orders we made. There was no one else in the pub eating and yet somehow it took us a long time to get served. Maybe we got it on a bad day?  
I didn't agree with the other gushing reviews. It was a nice dinner but nothing more than my local good Indian restaurants. Despite this, I would certainly come again, if just for its convenient location to some Heathrow hotels. One thing I wish I would see again is restaurant-made pappdams. The ones here looked and tasted like mass-made. I felt quite bloated the following morning. 
Used this takeaway on loads of occasions, never let me down until tonight, the fish was all batter and not very nice fish. Perhaps Saturday night is the wrong night for fish and chips, see what happens when I try it on a Friday night. 
The restaurant lacked atmosphere, no background music. Slow to take our order. Brought the wrong wine. Green Thai curry wasn’t that tasty. Mixed vegetables were pretty basic, lots of carrot and broccoli, no baby sweet corn or water chestnuts. 
Tasty Indian street food but my usual favourite dish was a little too soggy - it would be better if they separated the pattis from the chick peas to give it texture :) 
Had a lovely meal but the prices on the menu are not what your charged on the bill at the end 
their food taste is very nice proper Indian authentic. But customer service is so poor that you will hate to visit next time. Don’t want to name and shame. Hope it improves.  
Good veg food at a reasonable price.  
I came here with family over the weekend to grab a quick bite. The good thing about this cafe is that the food comes out promptly and it's very cheap.  
The vada pao was only £1 and good.. 
This fast food place has Mumbai Street food varieties. Great value for money. Very casual sitting arrangement also does take away. 
A family of 4 heading out from Heathrow. Food was good, but I've certainly had better Indians. This one is also relatively expensive, especially for rice and breads. £2 for a chapati is robbery! As is £3 for a portion of rice. On top of that the portions are on the small side. 
This place was pretty average. Food ok. Staff ok. No parking though as its bang on Bath Rd. It attracts all the lonely souls that work at and around Heathrow during the week and who are on their own in the evenings. 
I have been here twice however there is nothing to fancy about. The food, decore and everything else is mediocre. If I seriously crave and dont want to drive till Pinner road or Harrow, I would get in here. Otherwise SKVP serves much better food. 
I was on dinner here since I was staying in hotel nearby. It was empty in the evening. It is nice decorated restaurant and service is good. Food is good but I think overpriced. Overall average - food taste is good but price push those feelings little bit down. 
After reading the rave reviews on TripAdvisor decided to give to this place a try to meet up with some friends, after our experience we are left wondering if we are missing something as this place does not live up to the hype and my local Indian is far superior. 
Had to wait 35 mins for our table even though we had booked and were 5 minutes early for the booking.. and the explanation wasn't very good for it. However the good food did soften the blow. I probably wouldn't visit again 
The restaurant is clean and nicely laid out.  
I can’t comment on the service as I had a takeaway, but the staff seemed very friendly. 
Came here instead of eating at the hotel. We had the mixed grill. Bit small for the price. Other starters ok. But average. 
Visited this restaurant when it first opened wasn't that impressed but because of good reviews thought I would try it again I thought the ambiance was great with the water feature but alas food was not that great and quite bland and got cold very quick  
Went as I refuse to pay Heathrow hotel meal prices. Went early and as the title suggests everything was fine. I had expected better due to TA reviews but have been to many similar establishments. I would return and recommend compared to many others in the area. Service was friendly. Slightly annoying was the kitchen door bell to advise staff food was ready. 
Smart modern restaurant, very nice inside, good efficient service, restricted parking, decent enough food but small portions and a bit pricey. Does not offer real value for money compared to many other similar establishments. Maybe they charge more because of airport location (tourists/business people). 
Good for quick snack but the only thing i found good was the Vada Pau only. the other dishes are average or bit spicy 
My first comment is that the prices on their website are outdated, so the prices were a lot higher than expected, well over what I would expect to pay in the locality. Arrived fairly early at 19:00h, a few dinners were already tucking in but speed and quality of service was spot on. Clean environment with minimal fuss decor, the water features on the walls providing some nice ambience. Mixed grill and lamb chops were well cooked and flavoured, the chicken dansak whilst having a decent chilli balance lacked flavouring to some degree. The king prawn Balti and chicken biryani were the stars of the evening. The prices need to be adjusted downwards by circ 25% for food and more for soft drinks to make this place a balanced offering. Close free nearby parking post 18:00h is a bonus. I would strongly recommend that the chef samples a mixed grill at the 'prince of Wales' in southall and a chicken dansak from the ' palace tandoori' in west Drayton to get a view on what is available in a stones throw with a view of making Kaniz the place to be! 
Good food, but need to work on ventilation and hygiene! The cafe really smells of oil (from cooking) and we noticed what we thought was condensation on the walls (from the heat) but it actually turned out to be fat / oil that was dripping down the walls and solidifying. Eugh. A bit grim.  
Enjoyed the brunch we had. First time going there myself. Had to get the black pudding as an additional. Could smell the fried bacon on my clothes by the time we left though. Very nice and polite staff. Dog friendly from what I was told and seeing a dog in the cafe.  
Maybe the food is good, the working stuff is cold and unfriendly, I felt uncomfortable with them and my boyfriend, who follows a gluten free diet, said that the choises for him weren't enough. When we received a wrong food, the waitress told me that maybe I ordered the wrong dish but I am sure I didn't because I never liked what I received instead of my real order. Sorry. At least they changed it,even if it was clear that she was annoyed. I don't think we will come back there, even if we live very close.  
Had dinner here as alternative to eating in the hotel again. Was last here about five years ago and seem to remember it was a bit better then. Maybe that's just me. Not that this was bad; just very average and slightly old-fashioned, as Indian restaurants are 20 years ago, still using standard catering sauces. Service was on the grumpy side.  
Two of us went there for dinner the evening before we fly. Food was quite good, everything was tasty and spicy. Service was fine and the place was nicely decorated. It was a great deal more expensive than any other urban Indian we have been to (I have been in London all the time since 1987 and currently in Barnet), and then the actual price is a huge amount more than the restaurant website. For example a King Prawn curry would be £12 in reality, advertised on the website as £9, a massive 30% difference. The food is good but expect to dig deep for a half decent local urban Indian meal. I am not sure if this is fair. 
Visited with my wife for breakfast. cute little place, we really liked the shabby chic look and the furniture. It has a cute little garden bit out the back too. But the service wasn't great and the food didn't stand out to us very much either. I think if they worked on these two things a bit then this little cafe would really do well! 
Big disappointment when I went in to have a cup of tea. I asked if there were any cakes ....and I was told the one portion of a less attractive carrot cake on a cake tray was all that was available on Monday! Unbelievable! I assume they must be awaiting fresh deliveries ...and who knows "how old" that carrot cake is!  
Went here specifically because it was gluten free friendly and had great reviews. My monty breakfast was just about ok but the hubby really enjoyed his full English. The staff were friendly and it's pretty cheap. It could have been cleaner in there, I probably wouldn't go back. 
Hi, I'm a first time visitor to this place, it was my friends choice as it was her birthday. 
Nice breakfast although beans served in a jam jar ? Less than warm cappa and someone lost the recipe for toast or just didn't turn the temp up on toaster. 
I’m a local to this place. The food is amazing but service is yet to be desired. Grumpy waitress and almost felt as though we were hassling her. A shame as the food is amazing  
I really want to love the Red Onion, as I'm all for local businesses, but I'm afraid I don't. Some good points are that the portion sizes are generous, the food is quite nice and at the back there are seats outside, should you be lucky enough to visit on a sunny day. However whenever I have been in I have found the staff quite rude. I ordered my lunch however I was almost finished my lunch by the time the drinks arrived, even though I reminded the waitress several times. That said, I would still visit the Red Onion again. 
The meal was really delicious, we opted for the fatoush salad, baked aubergine and mixed grill. We couldn't fault the food as it was superb. However, with covid-19 the tables weren't really socially distanced as we were quite close to the table next to us. As well as some waiters didn't have a mask on or did but it wasn't put on properly which didn't make us feel comfortable with them serving our food. Maybe the restaurant needs to adapt more to the regulations in a proper manner which would see us coming to eat here again. 
This cafe has a great location, right in the middle of Ruisip high street, and could be an absolute gem. 
I went here one afternoon with my friend. The staff were very impatient and didn't seem to want to serve us or take our order. Eventually once I placed my order we sat down. We had to wait a while, to be told that my order of a jacket potato had run out. However a lady that came in afterwards and ordered afterwards managed to have the same meal? Seemed very discriminatory.  
Food was well cooked but the quantity was a little small. Had to order extra rice. 
My wife had a full days work in Ealing so having researched I thought this would be a good option for dinner once I picked her up. Unfortunately, I have more negative comments than positive for this visit. I suppose I was psyching myself for an experience similar to that of dining at Faanoos on the Chiswick High Road as the cuisine seemed comparable. The feeling on arriving at Leila's does make you think you are in for something special but I have to say that although the food was ok it wasn't anything special by a long shot. Bread was uninspiring and the cold Meze starter was lacking flavour and just seemed to be of poor cheap quality. Even the mayonnaise was tasteless and watery! Service wasn't brilliant given that they weren't busy and needed a fair bit of prompting. The mixed kebab meats also lacked flavour and felt like they had been dusted in a spice mix rather then any marinating going on. All a bit frustrating as I'm sure that with just a bit more effort and care plus better ingredients it could be a really fabulous place. 
Lovely little cafe with great service, it's a pity they got the order wrong, but once pointed out they tryed to rectified they situation but unfortunately I couldn't wait another ten minutes especially as my son had finished his breakfast, still would recommend hopefully my next visit will be better and yes they do a great coffee 
Not that there's anything wrong with a greasy spoon, but the menu (and the name) made me assume it was more of a modern/veggie/organic type of cafe rather than the usual 'beans on the side' type of place. 
We were nearby and saw what a restaurant is here. The Services is nice and ravine was not bad at all but there it stops. Starters, soup, Moroccan tea nothing special and interior same. One more minus that the credit card reader didn’t work so I had to walk to withdraw cash  
Quite small. Fast service but food wasn't great. It was too oily. Pani Puri wasn't great it was average. Probably wouldn't go back again  
Food is tasty but a bit overpriced and portions are not that big .  
This restaurant has a pleasant vibe & decor but the lighting is awful - much too bright in some parts ... glaring down on you in a most unflattering uncomfortable fashion. 
Went here last night with a small group of family. Shortly after we arrived we were informed that we only had the table until a certain time as it was booked for someone else (we were not told this on the phone) and there felt an immediate sense of rush to the meal. We ordered a set menu to share and the food itself was really delicious however the portions were confused, not enough starter for 4 and not enough chips/ rice yet a huge portion of meat for the main course. The restaurant should have been worth reviewing much better than I am however the things mentioned above just took the edge off what could have been a very enjoyable evening. I will put this down to experience and may try again, but with so many similar restaurants in the area I doubt I will need to. 
First impressions, mildly warm welcome. I felt allowed to be there, as opposed to feeling at home. Really good food, but I wouldn't take a lady there. 
Decent food but over priced, you can get equally good Lebanese food for less in central London. They take the liberty to add a 12.5% service charge and don’t mark it as optional. It’s steep, and service should always be at the discretion of the consumer. I don’t get why restaurants feel entitled to demand a service charge, it’s their bleedin business to provide a service. Does a bank demand a service fee for using their ATM? No. Does a clothing store charge you a service fee for buying from them? No. Does a pub charge you a mandatory service fee for pouring you a pint? No. 
Firstly the food is good. Tasty, extensive menu and well cooked. The staff are friendly and helpful.  
Me and friends visited here one lunchtime for there set menu and to be honest I didn't think it was great value the portions were very small, Wish we had just stuck to the main menu, The food was of a average standard for this type of restaurant, would not visit again 
I went to Hisar with a couple of friends for a catch up dinner. The food was pretty good and they have a pretty varied menu that should cater for most tastes. The only thing that really let them down was the hit and miss service. On previous visits we've had really attentive and knowledgeable waiting service, but on this occasion it seemed to take them a while to cotton onto the idea. 
I was the only one in on a Saturday lunch and was shown to the worst table in the restaurant. A table of one facing the wall. Not a good start. Food and service ok. Hummus good but did not like the oil they brush on the bread. Just made my fingers oily and did nothing to the taste. Falafel poor, really crunchy and very dry. Main of chicken shish decent size and tasted good once I'd seasoned it and added some chilli sauce. Chips and salad both good. Rice portion very small but tasted ok. Service could be a lot better. If your the only one in the restaurant it's best to show you to the best table not the worst. £33 for one with a Coke and small bottle of sparkling water. I left a tip as my lunch was ok. 
I came here with some friends for a birthday and found the food to be nice but the service, for me, seemed a little off. Perhaps the waiter didn't fancy looking after our table - who knows! 
The pomegranate juice is NOT fresh it has food essence. The mansion grill plate is tiny and not enough for one person  
Visited restaurant for lunch as yoshi sushi next door had a long queue and greete by friendly staff and given choice of tables. Ordered a Peroni beer(over £5!) and tabouleh, hommous and lamb left a kebabs with rice. Tabouleh and hommous not very flavoursome compared to other nearby Lebanese restaurants and kebabs too undercooked for me, although rice was freshly made and nice. It's expensive and came to just under £40. Overall not worth it and will go to other nearby Lebanese restaurants in future.Pity as they have a nice location and comfortable place. 
I'm unlikely to just pop in for coffee at £3.50 plus service charge which is added to bill making £3.90. 
We went for lunch with the Moroccan set menu in mind but the 10£ deal was more reasonable however the waiter covienced us to stuck with the set menu. For those who tried the authentic Moroccan tagines and starters before, would definitely see the difference. To make it short it doesn't worth paying 40 £ for such a fair food. Maybe the Lebanese dishes have better taste but I'd rather try it somewhere else. 
We had a hot and cold meze. Service was absolutely first class. 
We didn't exactly expect the red carpet when we booked our Groupon deal (£19 for 2 inc wine) on a Tuesday lunchtime, but we didn't expect such a frosty reception. We felt very awkward and unwelcome, was freezing cold and had to ask for a heater. The very grumpy waiter brought 2 glasses of red, didn't ask what sort of wine we wanted, then disappeared. After a while appeared with moutabal, hummous, vine leaves and salad, with no conversation. Told him we were vegetarian, asked if that was a problem, to which he grunted and disappeared again. The food so far was nice, but we felt incredibly uncomfortable, if we were so unwelcome, why bother opening? 
Restaurant was quiet as mid week dinner. Male waiter didn't ask my friend if she wanted a drink, even though she was was there by herself for 30 minutes prior to my arrival, and he asked her where was the other party during that time. He also left us, mid conversation, while we were still speaking to him to welcome new arrivals..... 
Only just discovered Hisars and have visited twice in two weeks. Food is fantastic large portions! Second visit on Saturday night although booked for two well in advance was allocated very poor table close to toilets and high traffic area. Not good!!! Average rating on this occasion only! 
On my first time using this restaurant the food was okay, service great. Same with the second time using this restaurant, food better even that time in fact. Third time using this restaurant, well thats when it all changed. The food was bad and the service even worse. Got a take away and found out when I got home that the order was wrong, called to return the food. On my return they were clearly annoyed and repeatedly said thats what i ordered, of course it wasn't. I really wasn't happy with this type of service, they demanded more money for the actual item I ordered which I was happy to do, but just the attitude was really bad. Not going to this place again. 
We'll appointed seating and nice staff, 
Food  
This restaurent has excellent decor, the food and service is good but it is relatively expensive. You can get better middle eastern food in town for quite a lot less money if you know where to look. 
Went with my wife for breakfast. We are both vegetarian and she had scrambled eggs on toast and I had the vegetarian breakfast. The food was okay and about all I can say really. The surroundings are nice and the service was good. 
We arrived a about 7-8 minutes early for our table, and shown immediately to it, great, our drinks order was taken, but my husband eventually went to the bar after around 20 minutes to ask where they were. We were then asked for our food order before the drinks had still even arrived. Moving on, my husbands dish was a crab pasta that was so hot with chilli you couldn’t taste anything else, I chose the prawn and scallops, 4 prawns and 2 scallops for £24 accompanied with some cherry tomatoes, not terribly impressed... Nice decor and very friendly staff, maybe something behind the scene is a problem, as the service and value for money were a bit off kilter, sad to say we won’t return  
We went for dinner last night - our main course was slow arriving an hour and 20 mins after we arrived.  
We visited to celebrate a family birthday. The service was solicitous, warm and friendly. Food came quickly- rather too quickly when our mains arrived whilst one person was still finishing their starter; mains plates whisked away as cutlery was put down. 
Visited for a friend’s birthday. We were a large party. Overall the restaurant was very accommodating, the serving staff very good and the food much improved from my previous visit. However the host’s jokes, most notably asking for an extra tip, fell a little bit flat when several of our own drinks reportedly went missing, including an expensive bottle of red. In subsequent enquiries, the restaurant proved intransigent. Three possibilities emerge, the first of which (we collectively lied about our drinks) we know not to be true.....  
Went there with friends found food ok but overpriced for what you get I think because Gerrards Cross they think they can over charge which is average Italian fare 
Booked about 3 weeks before for 7.30 and due to our party reducing from 4 to 3 we found ourselves stuck right by the door! A bit disappointing even though they close the door as soon as last customer arrives! They certainly squeeze people in!!! This was after a call to change our booking to 7.45! Was apologetic but it started on a sour note! 
Quality of food was good but unfortunately same.cant be said for the service,.which let's it down and sadly s rhe reason why my friends and I wont be returning. Although all credit goes to the young boy who served us for a short while. Felt hassled to order, starters just cleared and mains arrived! Plates cleared while some still eating (pet hate, its rude). Final straw, bill thrown on table with a waiter saying we close in 10 mins!! It was 10.50 pm.  
Visited here last night on a recommendation from my boss!! Bring your own alcohol. 
Good food, reasonably priced with very attentive staff tho some very odd customers !!! Specials offered and a large choice of dishes on the menu,also a set menu.  
We came to Chez Pascal for lunch a few months back and thought it was very average. It is a tired looking place with quite basic food really. I was expecting French cuisine but got Italian. It was fine but nothing to write home about. 
On arrival We found the restaurant welcoming and the staff were quick to take us to our table, and given a menu which showed a good choice. Sadly the food quality which whilst quickly delivered was not. It was passable but not what I would consider to be of the standard I would expect from previous posts I have read. Perhaps we were unlucky but I doubt that I will be returning. 
Tonight we had the most amazing food. Portion sizes were very generous and very tasty indeed.  
Perhaps our expectations were running high having read the previous comments. The positive - Pascal is very welcoming and funny. The place itself is nicely decorated and with interesting bits around. The food was hot but slightly lacking in taste, especially the escargot. For two courses and one sweet we paid £50 so reasonable price and good that you can take your own wine etc. No creme brulee which we would have liked to have seen on the menu. 
We dined here last night as a family of four, and were looking forward to it after seeing many good reviews. The evening got off to a promising start, we had the scallops, snails and calamari for starter and all were good. The mains (prawn with black risotto and Dover sole) were disappointing, the seafood didn’t seem fresh and there wasn’t much flavour. The decoration is a bit over the top and in hindsight probably is a warning sign that they haven’t got their priorities right.  
We came for dinner one Sunday evening. The starched white tablecloths and crisp setting promised an Italian foodie adventure that just didn’t deliver. The dishes we chose were mediocre in flavour and just didn’t deliver on the fresh tasting Italian dishes we expect. 
We had a lovely evening with friends, albeit expensive. The portions were quite small, I still felt hungry when I came home. 
It took just under an hour and a half before our starters arrived. We were in a party of 6, had I been dining as a table or 2 we would have walked out and gone to the Thai Restaurant next door for something to eat. In the end I finally cracked and had to get up to enquire whether we were ever going to see any food. 
Very disappointed with the meal we had a couple of weeks ago I had a veal chop that was fatty and served cold and my friends had dover sole which was no bigger than a large sardine and they were also served cold. 
The place is quite nice. Food is ok, I had the big prawns with vegetables. The waiters may be rude sometimes.  
It's okay but nothing special. I find the food quite bland and average at times. Friends of mine love it there but personally, I wouldn't go there out of choice. 
Yes, the service is really good here! 
Went here for an impromptu special occasion meal after hearing so must about the place for so long. I like the way it is decorated, quite authentic French style, and the staff were very attentive, but was dissapointed to find the food nothing to write home about. 
The food was good I would call it English Italian! The waiter was very attentif but then there was only one other couple in the restaurant making a total of 6! I enquired if it was normal to be so quiet and he replied it was busier in the evenings. When leaving the restaurant we saw that it was one of 3 restaurants, next to each other in this side road in Gerrards Cross. So he needed to be extra good to attract clients! 
We have had some great meals here but our last one was disappointing. The fish soup special can be great, up there with the very best, but on Saturday had either been left on the Pass too long or warmed up, the mussels, for example, rather tired looking with a taste to match. The black ravioli starter had a similar look of being left too long on the Pass, too dry and the balsamic looking smear caked on hard to the plate rather than fresh. The service was perfunctory - for instance, the dessert menu being brought to the table before the main dish had been served. Sad and maybe our fault for going early in the evening on a busy night but then there were not that many to serve and get it right. The veal chop special was good. 
Walking through the door the restaurant has good appeal.menu is comprehensive- no pizza! 
The staff were good and pleasant. They were welcoming without the overbearing Italian theatre some restaurants indulge in. They were professional and dealt with food allergy (gluten) in a sensitive and attentive manner. Only niggle being we were a party of 10 and for some reason they could not remember who ordered what; they simply resorted to shouting out the dish and expecting the guest to do the work of remembering interrupting their own conversation. Given the eye watering price you expect better. 
We went with two friends - two of us really liked the food and the other two (Including me) were less enthusiastic. Gavin's risotto with scallops should have been renamed risotto with scallop as there was only one in it. And the wine he ordered, which was a gold label winner, on arrival was not the right one. Wrong year and therefore not the one that won the award. When he queried it he was just told they had run out (but they didn't explain that it was a different wine). Now that I think about it, we probably have checked the price. Anyway. My starter (scallops, but at least there were two) was tepid, and my main course (veal) was tepid and too salty. The saute potatoes were dry, a bit undercooked and not crispy and yes, you've guessed it, tepid. On the plus side, my husband loved his seafood linguine, and Sally loved her sea bass. (These were both specials on the day.) The service was very good, very friendly, but we thought it expensive for what it was, about £175 for the four of us, two courses, one bottle of wine and a G&T (so not exactly pushing the boat out). 
The food is nice but the restaurant is really stuck in the 1970’s. It is a place your nanna would like and remind her when italian restaurants first came out. The menu is hardly challenging, mains cine with roast potatoes, carrots and runner beans. Wine is reasonable priced, service is ok, prices are ok. No pizzas. La Palma in iver heath is better. It is nicely decorated, all white table cloths and in a nice location. Parking on the street no car park but not a problem as Denham is a tiny village. 
I have been to this restaurant/cafe a few times for lunch and brekkie. I find it is very hit an miss, went in for a take away salad today was charge £5 for a small box , asked for a nicoise salad and what i actually got was a prawn salad with a over cooked tasteless boiled egg, very disappointed as i paid top dollar for a tiny box.  
Starting with the naff cliched flirting italian waiters which I suspect they play up,to the benefit of the mainly elderly clientele. But irritating when they neglect to take the order correctly and forget to pay attention to service it became irritating... 
A friend and I turned up one morning for the 7am breakfast, not open, in fact, we walked to look at other local places, and by the time I walked back past it at 07:25, it was still not open. 
Came for a meal with friends on a Friday night, was packed out so a good atmosphere. Service very good and friendly. Starters are huge would suggest sharing if you want a main meal and dessert too. I had the calamaries, they were ok but not very warm and quite rubbery. For main I had the salmon pasta, again lots of it and I couldn't finish it. Nice enough but not amazing. Shared a dessert with a friend, we had the mango cheesecake, again nice but nothing to rave about. Would definitely come here again but without the high expectations.  
Was really looking forward to this as the reviews were very good. I was disappointed and really did not want to be. This restaurant can't seem to decide if it is French or Italian. The sauce on the steak was too thick and did not taste as if it had been homemade (in my opinion and I make a lot of my own sauces). 
Food was good, service good, but there were two issues. "Gratuities", a whacking 12½%, apparently do not go to the staff. Of more immediate concern to the diner is that wine by the glass is eye-wateringly expensive. One small glass of red and one small glass of white (we asked for Merlot and Sauvignon Blanc but those were not the names that appeared on the bill) came to £18. That is just ridiculous. So enjoy the food, but stick to water. 
I had a business dinner here with a group of 10-15 people. Service was great at the beginning, but at the end it turned out the waiters could not handle special requests (eg no cheese...). The food all in all was great, a bit overpriced though. Though service fee was included the staff expected a tip and it was explicit. Amex is accepted. 
Have been here several times in the past & as always the food was good.  
It's very strange to say that we've lived in this area for over 20 years and this is the first occasion that we've visited this restaurant. Perhaps it's not been Di Paolo for the whole period, but it's still a very long time. Even for this area, its menu is quite pricey, but on the positive side it isn't one of those menus that takes 10 minutes to read. 
A very pleasant Italian restaurant in the centre of Denham Village. It is good to visit restaurants that have not changed. A nice menu with helpful service. 
Reasonably good Italian food. Very pricey for what it was. My partner's ravioli was a small portion and my veal was over cooked. Staff very attentive... over attentive if you ask me. You were always aware of their presence, which didn't make them any more efficient or friendly. 
First visit, been living in the area for more than 25 years. 
Good food, well served at a fair price. The staff were unfailingly helpful. All in all, a fairly good meal. 
Attractive restaurant in a lovely village. 
For starters, Millefoglie di melanze (aubergines, with melted mozzarella cheese, tomato and basil, £7.95) was good, if not exceptional. Prosciutto di Parma e melone (£8.50) had very nice quality Parma ham with melon, though unfortunately the fat was removed. For main courses, Fegato di vitello con pancetta (calves liver with grilled bacon and roasted onions, £17.25) had tasty, lightly cooked, calves liver. Sogliola alla griglia (Dover sole, £24.50) was properly cooked. However, the vegetables were disappointing, with severely undercooked cauliflower cheese, overcooked green beans and under-seasoned sauté potatoes. Dessert from the trolley was a decent Strawberry cheesecake (£5.95). The wine was a delicious Pecorino Golden Fleece (£25.50). Nice atmosphere and friendly service. Total bill for two including service was £98.60. Overall the menu is rather retro and predictable and needs a dash of inspiration, but of its kind it is among the better examples. 
Visited the restaurant for first time which is nice inside and not too busy. They seem to have a waiter for every aspect. So one seats you, another gives you menus and explains the specials, another takes your order a fourth cleans the table after each course. It was a bit weird but main issue was delays and what felt like they just ignored us. In the end we paid up and went somewhere else for dessert.  
The food and service generally was very good, however there were a couple of alarming instances. Firstly we were advised there were additional special choices that were read out to us and wernt on the menu. On enquiring how much these were we were told the prices would appear on our bill! We didn't choose these, but were still amazed by the 12 1/2% service charge that was automatically levied onto the bill!! 
The food was very tasty once we finally got it. The restaurant had a rush of nonbooked customers and it seems they were quite unprepared for this. They did however apologise and explain they had an influx of walk-in customers. 
We were given around 45 minutes to ponder the menu before someone bothered to take our order, (they had a private party which was obviously MUCH more important than our table of five). 
Pleasant atmosphere, attentive staff and nicely cooked food. Felt a bit like a retirement home though, the clientele was on the mature side and the place itself was like stepping back in time which is why I've marked it overall as Average. That said, it was a very nice meal in a nice village oasis away from Uxbridge. Couple of very nice pubs close by so a drink afterwards would have finished the experience off! 
I the food was as good as the water described it over the top or the chef is his mother 
Food was okay but took a very long time to come waiters were also not very awake. The. Food came in very small portions 
I will agree with the reviewer who sqid the expectations weren't fulfilled. Very high score but the food isn't something special. We tried 4 appetizers and 4 main courses as well as desserts, none of which was special, I wouldn't even rate them as very good. The food is however well presented, staff very polite and prices quite OK. 
Came here for lunch on mothering Sunday. Spinach & ricotta tortellini was delicious followed by fantastic lamb shank and forest gateau after. Service was good but felt rushed due to 2 hours sitting restriction. A lovely Italian in a quaint Denham village but parking can be a problem. 
There were 7 of us for Sunday lunch we all had the set menu at £15.50. We only had a soft drink each, 2 coffees and once service was added at 12.5% it worked out at £21.00 per person 
We live in the area and going to Di Paolo is always a treat for special occasions. We have had excellent meals here but the one we had in August was not the best. 
Couldn't fault the food, it was absolutely delicious. The service however was something else. I guess the problem arises from the fact they have two sittings. Having said that the time allowed to finish your meal if you happen to book the first sitting was ample. What I found most annoying were the waiters "hovering about" during each course of the meal to see how far along we had got. Also the speed at which course arrived - within a couple of minutes of finishing the previous one.  
This is an ok place the food is very dated the accompaniment was ridiculous very 80’s. service was good. Could do with being brought into 2019. Food tasted ok nothing to write home about. And reducing their menu down. Would I go again probably not.  
It's okay ....nothing special to write home about , service was rushed , food was average . I think if I had been Sean Connery or Roger Moore the meal would have been to die for . Should have got a pizza from Sainsbury's and stayed in the cottage , and watching repeat boring episode of come dancing or bake off . 
This restaurant is in a lovely village and is one we have visited for several years. Unfortunately on the last occasion it was disappointing. The starters were generous and tasty but the main dish fell short. The service was good and the setting pleasant but the main dish unattractive. 
Went with family members nice old fashioned panelled walls silver service. Most of the food was nice I had rack of lamb I expected more meat also very fatty & almost completely raw even when sent back I do like things medium but this was not nice in fact it was a extremely difficult to cut. Wine was warm they did give us an ice bucket but would have been better with wine sleeve as they work almost immediately. They were very apologetic & did offer free drinks at end. Would go back and try again. 
Parking not easy with three pubs offering food are also situated in this small village. Good welcoming from staff and attentive. Comprehensive menu offering typical Italian & English starter and main course followed by a good dessert trolley. Prices a bit steep. 
This was such a huge disappointment. We booked for 7pm on a Saturday as told there were two sittings and must be off table by 9.30. The service was so fast that we had eaten our starters and mains by 8pm. Then huge party came in so this explained it all. It was expensive and food seemed to be no more than okay and mine was tepid. 
We have been meaning to try De Remo for a while so this was our first visit and we were looking forward to it. First impressions were good - we received a warm welcome, tables are well spaced so you are not sitting on top of other guests and the service was very efficient. However I can only say the food was average. The scallops were well cooked, however the Beef Fillet Medallions were quite tough and the chicken supreme was a disappointment. The sweet trolley (everyone's favourite) was a real treat. So in summary I would say this was an average dining experience, and not a cheap one. 
We visited this restaurant with family. Portion size small, food taste average, only good part was the rice dessert. Service average. Ordered 3 starters, fish platter, 2 desserts, 2 juice and 2 wine. 
I am a resident in Denham so have frequented Da Remo on many occasions. I have been with friends and the meals has been quite good, recommended to my husband and the meal was awful. The restaurant wasn't busy and they had adequate staff so I think the issue was the chef. We had the pate; can't really go wrong with that but the mains were awful. I had the veal and that had no taste but very oily. My husband had the steak, asked for it medium rare, it was pink but tough and very fatty. We did comment but it seemed to go over the waiters head. I also emailed the restaurant and to be fair they did offer another meal but we did not take them up on the offer as slightly put off. Went there again recently for a big family meal and out of 12 meals ordered 3 were returned hardly touched. Da Remo needs a bit of a shake up and the lose the microwave and get back to how they were a few years ago. Don't mind waiting if the food is good. 
I was a guest here on a Thursday lunchtime. Located in the beautiful Denham Village there is a good choice of competitive places to eat. The inside is charming, clean and well appointed. Crisp white table linen and crystal glassware enhance the tables. Complimentary baguette, and bread sticks are of course available. The wine list offers a good selection and includes a large proportion of Italian wines. We drank an excellent Pinot Grigio. 
We visited last night as a party of 4 and were seated by 8.05 pm. The orders were taken by 8.15 and the first course served within a few minutes. Seemed like everything was already plated. The melon was awful and clearly there was no quality control. Plates were cleared by 8.30 and the second course served very quickly. Seemed to us like everything was rushed. We were asked only a few minutes after finishing the main course that they were round again with the dessert trolley. 
Service very good, food not always consistent. Yesterday potatoes very nice, usually soggy. Nice friendly Italian restaurant 
my work colleagues and i visited here for lunch, the restaurant is very well decorated with great attention to detail. the menu was good, although we were not offered a lunch menu as advertised on the website. The food looked amazing, however some seasoning would have greatly improved the overall flavour. The service between drinks orders being taken and food order being taken was quite long. Overall this was a pleasant experience, but quite pricey compared to similar local restaurants. 
Had the most peculiar Nicois salad I have ever seen, not only was the tuna over cooked and chewy but there was not a bean in sight nor an egg! Until they brought over a poached egg on a plate. I explained that it was supposed to be boild eggs. They were very apologetic but I would not order that again. 
Really is like going back to the 1980s and the flock wall paper restaurants of comedy sketches. Food was bland in the extreme I asked for spicy and they assured me that food was spicy and it really wasn’t. Two of our party ordered lamb dishes and were given chicken. Decor consists of pictures of thatcher and the local MP. I won’t be back. 
We had high expectations with this place, after reading reviews and etc. Went for the banquet choice and it was good value but if I had gone for the a la carte menu, I would be very disappointed, as it is not worth it. 
Went one Wednesday evening. Pleasant ambiance and busy with people on ‘Wednesday buffet’ night. Service good throughout and well priced wine list. Starters were good and tasty and my friend was happy with his Korma. The chicken tikka biriyani however was really dry, even with the sauce, the chicken chopped up into little pieces, and very tasteless. The reviews for this place had raised expectations that simply weren’t delivered on the night. Poor!  
I've walked past Melisa several times and it always seems busy, which, in my opinion, is a good sign for a restaurant. So I popped in on Friday for lunch. It has a busy, bustling atmosphere although getting a table for one seemed like a bit of a task, but with a bit of persuasion I managed to get seated. I ordered a pizza Napoli and a cold beer. I have to admit that, for a local, the pizzas are a little on the pricey side for lunchtime (£10.45), which is fine if you boast about the organic pedigree of your ingredients and the sour dough pizza base, but not if the pizza served is soggy and not really edible in the centre. I was given the excuse that the mozzarella lets out water and that's why - rather than an apology. Apart from the middle of the pizza, the rest of it was quite tasty - but Melisi, you need to deal with this as we're all paying to eat the whole pizza - not just around the edges! 
Was really excited to try Melisi as the reviews were amazing. Service however, was slightly disappointing, staff took our order for drinks and food at the beginning of our meal and then never returned, despite our best efforts to catch their attention. We probably would have ended up ordered a bottle of wine, but by the time they revisited the table, we were just looking to get the bill! Food was good, but a bit heavy on the chilli for my likely.  
Reading the reviews we thought we'd give it a go and was left disappointed. After mentions of the brunch we arrived and found the place with little or no atmosphere and service lacking. The food was over-priced and not as tasty as we hoped.  
Normally go to brick lane in the East end for curries but decided on a night in Romford for a change. Came in here after a few beers and found staff to be polite and friendly. My friend and I ordered three poppadums with pickle tray, main course each, shared a rice and naan bread with a bottle of kingfisher each. Bill total 58 quid!!!!!! 
Food was ok. However the prices arent the cheapest. For what you pay, the service we received was notworth it. I would strongly recommend a renovating the place and adjusting the prices to justify it. 
First time been there ordered tuna salad and pizza , the salad was ment to have feta but forgot to put feta on but put it on when went back and told them , salad for the price was small portions of tuna and feta for the price should be lot more , pizza was lovely no problem with that very tasty and fresh , under decided if go back again  
Restaurant empty, warm welcome, nice food - they put chilli in the mint yoghurt sauce ( too hot ruined it) told Waiter who then got a mint yoghurt sauce made minus the chilli - very pleasant meal - only criticism is Staff spoke in thier own language in our earshot - Personally I find this VERY RUDE - they clearly understood English  
We have been meaning to try this restaurant for a while as it always seems full and bustling when we drive past & we hoped to book for a family evening with about 20 of us as it's local & looked good on paper.  
In our attempt to discover a new 'favourite' Indian restaurant, we paid Bekash a visit over the bank holiday weekend. The restaurant was about a third full. Service quick and friendly, though perhaps a little too efficient as the poppadums were whipped away before we'd finished them. 
The service is very good and I really hoped this would be a good Bengali restaurant as they rave about themselves on their signs outside  
Very nice curry good service overplays the pomp a bit with the awards and all that but nice and clean and would go again  
Very helpful staff but the first courses lack choice and were bit expensive and aubergine dish was dry. Can tell they use very good ingredients but bottom of pizza was soggy. Shame really as it could improve. 
not impressed average food and staffing 
Visited this place for lunch with a friend as I'd seen it was new to Ruislip and thought we should give it a try. The service was initially good, really prompt and friendly. However, as the restaurant quietened down, the staff turned the music up loud. Luckily we saw the funny side and had a joke about it. But when it was clear we had finished our food and drinks the staff didn't move to assist, even though we were the only ones in the restaurant by this time, in fact they were sat on a bench outside the restaurant enjoying the sunshine. However the food was good and very reasonably priced, they just need to work on their professionalism when serving customers.  
I've had experience of both dinning in and ordering a takeaway from here. Our first meal was a sit down family meal. Very polite very nice. I enjoyed my food and i must say the lamb chops were cooked perfectly and not overcooked and dry like most places. It was pink in the middle and succulent. I did not like the fact the an Indian place doesn't do the traditional mango lassi. Not at all. We didn't want to drink so we were left drinking fizzy drink. 
As a vegetarian I have not enjoyed the brilliant red Tikka nor the horribly salty spinach dish I had on previous occasions. Playing safe I just got potato, onion and peas called a vegetable curry which yes I could eat. Disappointing in the extreme. 
Came here after reading good reviews and overall found it pretty average compared to others.  
My husband and I absolutely LOVE Italian food so are are on the hunt for a fav! Decided to try Melisi based on trip advisor reviews, so here goes..... 
Ok food but I’ve eaten better Italian in other restaurants. Too much garlic in a few dishes and also we were shocked that they refused to change any of the dishes to accommodate some of our party. They will only serve what’s on the menu. Saying that it was all fresh and they had a real wood died traditional pizza oven. 
We used to like this restaurant, but it has become popular and the venue cannot handle the noise. I measured 85dB in there; that is the level at which noise can become harmful if you are exposed to it for too long. So if you fancy having your meal in the middle of a very busy street, say in Manhattan, this is just the place for you! 
I ate here twice in the same week. I like good indian food but this was only ok, maybe I have been spoiled living in Birmingham. 
not as nice as next door.. tasteles and chewy. had better food else where. hope it can improve. maybe go back one day 
Ordered a takeaway , it was average at best the chicken tikka was dry , the pakora was too spicy to eat it was covered in a lumpy powder that ruined the flavour. The naan was delicious though.  
I've recently eaten at Bekash Tandoori in Romford after reading their reviews and viewing their very interesting website. Upon walking in, it is blindingly obvious that the establishment takes great pride in its achievements and famous encounters, which only fuels the idea that their food must really be "something". In all honesty, I cannot fault them on their profession as it was very tasty and left no stone unturned when it came to authenticity and appearance. The only real let down of the night was being almost cornered into leaving a tip. Although thought of as, "the done thing", I am a firm believer that, no matter how nice something is at some stage of the evening, the overall experience should be of an equal quality, which it was until that very moment. Judging the food, the restaurant was great, but the service and a little too much self pride spoiled the evening somewhat. 
Ordered Paneer Gravy and it's not soft and fresh like it used to be in Punjabi restaurants. Price wise neither cheaper nor too costlier.  
Although the food isn't too bad at this restaurant, it's more to do with how many photos of the proprietor has with famous people. 
Went to this restaurant as have read some great reviews and to be honest, I didn't see anything special about it whatsoever. Service was fine, food was fine, price was fine. But that's the point...everything was as you expect and nothing really jumped out at us. If I was to have a little criticism, my naan was slightly burned as was my partners tandoori chicken. Can't see why the reviews are so great...there's a lot better in Romford. But also a lot worse. 
Open late and better than expected. Food was surprisingly spicy an interesting contrast as I had malabar prawns as a starter having recently had the same in Kerala. These were hotter, but also good. 
Dined here with a group of friends. Nice food with good size portions. Main Dishes were priced at around £10 which is probably a few pounds more that what can be found in other places taking into account these are regular curries not specialty curries.  
food is nice , portions are a decent size, however I think it’s over priced.  
Had lunch here  
careful research went into picking this restaurant being new to the area and there are at least half a dozen Indian restaurants within a few hundred yards of each other. With Trip Advisor awards and other commendations on the door, and a picture of the owner with the Queen on the wall, I had high expectations; the owner himself was in attendance greeting diners. However, I was slightly disappointed with the service and felt a bit rushed but that was probably because we were early. I was surprised to find it quite busy even at that time and it soon filled up so its obviously very popular. The food was very good and there was a nice, cosy ambience. There's tough competition in Romford so I would say, give this a try. 
I’ve heard much of this Restaurant, all positive & after many years This was my first visit.  
Food and service were both very good, however the setting is quite cramped. Left wingers best avoid... Local MP and Thatcher portraits adorn the walls. 
Very slow service, restaurant very busy ,, cannot here each over talk hard to hear if you have a conversation .food ok  
Went there last night with my wife after reading some good reviews, well the food was ok, but when the waiter threw the cutlery on the table as he was shouldering a phone whilst taking a take away order i wasn't impressed...wont be going back 
Had a nice meal but nothing special - If you want a more memorable meal, try Cardamom Lounge in Collier Row or Caraway in Gants Hill instead. 
I literally live 2 minutes from this restaurant and have been on several occasions. Its always packed with people. The food is nice but not as spicy as I would like. So for me it was just average. Good service however. 
Sipsons was my first Indian food / British Curry experience in London. Friendly Service, Good ambience.  
The restaurant is very dated. 
Lunch for two. Very attentive service. Nice foie gras cut from a block and a roquefort salad with way to much cheese for starters but two horrible chicken chasseurs followed with a hint of a burnt flavour. Not a good dish at all, looked unappetising too. Maybe leftover from Sunday as this was Monday lunch? 
Not quite as good as before as chicken tikka jalfrezi was very charcoal tasting so not nice at all but in fairness everything else was fine and they took the jalfrezi off the bill without any prompting from us which was good. 
Quite authentic Italian. But, my better half had a pesto pasta dish which was too saucy and gloopy. We asked for some bread for dipping and rather than fresh, rustic or crusty bread it came it little pieces, some of which were still frozen! Mozzarella and tomato had tasteless cheese and limoncello cheesecake was tasteless too. My calzone was ok. Best thing was the Montepulciano wine. Very small space with a cafe type feel. Ok but won’t be returning. Bruschetta at Pizza Express is better!  
Came here with family for my mum's 70th birthday meal as a group of 8. We chose this place on the basis of reviews from this site. 
Went with 8 family members as heard the reviews were great. I had booked 8 days earlier, only to get a call on the day to advise, they close at 2:30pm our booking was for 2:00pm They had several days to contact us. 
I've had a take away from here a few times and have also dined here a few times too. Each and every time the food has been fantastic. Full of flavour and good sized portions. I think the service is attentive however I went there one lunchtime with a couple of colleagues and the restaurant was empty apart from us. We arrived at 12.15 and we didn't get our food until 12.55?! Why the long wait? 40 minutes for three curries, a rice, a naan and a paneer and we were the only people in the restaurant! That's appallingly slow service. Also, unless you specifically order a small drink you get served your drinks in pints and your drinks by the large bottle - we ordered still water, sparkling water, a coke and a lassi. So we got a bottle of still mineral water, a bottle of sparkling mineral water, a pint of each respective drink. I mean, who the hell orders a pint of lassi with their meal? It's almost a meal in itself! So, because we were inundated with drinks our lunchtime meal came to close to £70?! Which is nuts! So be warned, great food but slow service and beware of the upsell because it'll add a shedload to your bill. I will return but I will be more specific with the waiter next time. 
Having visited with business colleagues, the restaurant ambiance is pleasant and welcoming with great service however it stops there. 
Been once but left hungry! My friends and I visited here, they all had pizza and I chose a crab pasta, it would be an insult if this dish was a starter, it was so tiny I was left hungry which is never good. Not a cheap dish either. If this can be rectified and a decent portion offered I will be back. 
Ok not great very pricey friendly beer to expensive few good dishes. I had better experiences at other eateries in the area 
Not too sure why this is ranked number one or why so many reviews for a newish restaurant - but yeah its ok and you must book as its very small and can not seat many people  
We found a restaurant which was this Indian and it had very good reviews and was near to our hotel in Windsor but once our main meal had come one of the meal descriptions was mild but came more spicy. They swapped it quickly but then one of us ordered a drink and the wrong drink came but it was the same price so it was fine. I guess it was quite busy but apart from those little problems the meal was very nice and everybody enjoyed their curries!  
The food is good. The restaurant is tiny and a bit cramped. The service is good and very Italian. 
The atmosphere and service are good, I ordered lasagne, I make a mean home cooked one, the sauce was nice, but the portion size was laughable for £9.95. This is the second time I have been to this establishment and both times I have come home hungry. Even with pudding. Sorry but it simply is not good value for money when compared to other restaurants in Sidcup ... 
I have eaten at Mario's Pizzeria on three occasions now and this is my first review. The food is really good, ingredients seem fresh and there is ample choice on the menu. The pizzas are truly authentic and I love the fact that they are baked in a wood burning oven. The staff and owner always seem friendly but not too overbearing. One observation I have to make is the fact that some of the staff, including the owner, have regular cigarette breaks outside the front of the restaurant. Not only does this look unprofessional but it also makes customers feel uncomfortable, especially when wafts of smoke blow into the restaurant. 
I agree with other reviewers that whilst the food is of good quality it wasn't well presented and the portion sizes for the main meals were so small we left hungry. Having said that there was a good atmosphere and the staff were very friendly.  
Been going here for a few years & mostly very good. Tonight though not so good. Service was friendly though very slow & most disappointing the food,when it arrived was tasty but lukewarm at best...  
Unfortunately, after visiting Mario's twice now, I can only say its average at best 
Every single item was served today was absolutely normal. 
Intimate cafe, goes head to head price wise with PizzaExpress though, and a bit pricey on wine too. 
We read the reviews on this restaurant and decided we should go and try it out. What a disappointment! Whilst the food and service were alright, we thought it would be so much better. From Antipasti for nearly £10 for 2, which consisted of some salami, mortadella and jarred vegetables to a very thin pizza bereft of topping (yes we know traditional pizzas are thin but this was like a wafer) and a toilet directly off the kitchen, it wasn't what we expected. Nice staff and an Italian Cafe feel but not at Italian Cafe prices. 
Four of us visited for lunch last month. 
This restaurant was booked full when we first saw it, so we assumed that it would be worth a reservation. 
We dined here on a Friday at the end of our week's stay in Hampton Court. The food was mixed - the escargots were reasonably good, but the steak tartare not so (far too heavy on the capers, too chunky, not well seasoned). My wife's chicken was excellent - crispy skin and juicy meat with a mild blue cheese sauce. For dessert we shared profiteroles which were sub par. 
I left feeling bad for this place. It is a beautiful restaurant and has a French menu so far up my grandparent's street that me, my sister and our partners decided to take them there when they visited on a Wednesday night. 
Food was excellent but at £25 for a very small steak tatare we felt it was overpriced. Also the restaurant busy so we were told there would be a 30 min wait for our meal and would we like some bread while we were waiting. We had bread and when the bill came they'd charged us for it. No complaints about the meal but with the number of restaurants on that road they've ensured we won't be coming back again 
Went to Mario's a couple of weeks ago this was the first time that I have been as I had been recommended this restaurant by a friend, I had the meatballs just like mama makes according to the waiter but I was very disappointed with them as I found them very bland and the same as the limoncello cheesecake which hardly tasted of lemon which is a shame as it had a great atmosphere but for me the food let itdown. 
We visited Le Petit Nantais for the first time along with good friends. The restaurant is in the busy Bridge Street which is a lively night spot near Hampton Court Palace. There are plenty of choices of restaurants of different cuisines.  
I found the wordy description of each of the day’s specials at the table really pretentious. We were told it would be a little naff to have the specials written down anywhere and so the owner instructed us in the various dishes. It was like being at school or in one of those 1980’s French or Italian restaurants, where everything was ”fresh and flown in from France this morning”. There was not really anything on the main menu or the specials that appealed particularly and let’s face it, if it was genuinely fresh it would have originated in England, not France.  
Had starter and main within 30mins of ordering! Booked before going to Hampton court festival, and found out they had 2 sittings before the concert started. Over priced duck @ £21.50, and expensive for a " quick dinner". We were hoping to relax there and stay for 90 mins or until it was time to go but it wasnt possible. 
Always liked this place and the owners are charming  
Quite expensive for average food. I don't think fresh home made spaghetti was used. We were say by the door which was open - bit chilly! Nothing special. Not my favourite local Italian. 
We visited Mario’s on a gloriously sunny Sunday afternoon and sat outside at the front. The staff were welcoming and professional and atmosphere was appealing. Unlike many pizzerias at present, this is actually run by Italians and we eagerly looked forward to having a couple of real pizzas for a change, although these did not quite meet our expectations (a little too thin, not particularly interesting and not particularly substantial – we expected a lot more for £10.50 a go). However, the Montepulciano D-Abbuzzo house red is reasonably priced at £15.50 a bottle and, although drinkable, was not quite as fruity or nice as others we’ve tried. The complementary drinks at the end of our meal were a kind gesture.  
Would rate more than average- would rate good.but no option when asked for rating! it allows average then jumps to very good .. however there are things when i go out to dine that i thought most restaurants provide?! Not sure why but on presenting you with a wire bread basket you are left wondering if butter knives and side plates will follow! They dont! its a pick up and butter in your hand job ! Service by two staff good when they were engaging at our table,, but slightly slow 
Very average at prices that expect a much higher standard of cooking. Overcooked fish dry and tasteless, likewise vegetables.  
Had visted the restaurant on holiday a couple of years ago. Expensive but good. Now on a low salt diet I advised the waitress accordingly. The food was good but salty which meant I failed to enjoy it. The owner/chef visited our table later and I mentioned the fact that the food was too salty - he said I should have mentioned it to the waitress - I DID! Turns out she's his daughter! A shame because all was OK otherwise. 
This is a small, friendly restaurant near the station in Sidcup. It only seats about 20 which makes for an intimate atmosphere. The owner is very welcoming and service was quick and efficient. My wife and I both had pizzas which are freshly made. Mine was very spicy, just how I like it.  
I have been here before and the food was much better that time! Had the special starter of foie gras both times, very good loved the wasabi parfait but the main special did not live up to expectations! The mussels were far too small the prawns were over cooked and still had the poo sack left in and I thought that one and a half new potatoes was really tight for the price. Shame as it does have some lovely food. 
I've been to this restaurant couple of times already and to be honest it's very difficult to recommend it as the food can be really nice, like we had for the first time... beautiful fruit de mer or really bad... steaks not cooked correctly and served with strange Asian style sauces... restaurant is very cosy and magical but my partner found it dated and cheap. But most of all I love the old lady playing the accordion on some nights!! Nice glass of wine and you feel like in France. And you know what? I'll be still going there even if the food is not always up to good standards. 
My partner invited me for a nice birthday dinner and I chose this restaurant because I had had a nice business dinner a couple of years ago and thought it would be good to try it once again. Having reserved via phone and mentioned that it was my 50th Birthday all was in line and my partner also organised a special dessert treat, she thought. It all started with a rather harsh reception and the bloke didn`t even care about a reservation or name, we chose a table and released it was drafty a really cold so we travelled to the next a little warmer table, ordered a bottle of Champagne the food etc. I must say the service was really lousy unfriendly and it was`t really very obliging. To make it short, food good but not special, there was not special unique selling point so that I can`t find anything why I should come again. 
Very good food but poor service. My meal was great but had to keep trying to get the waiters attention for drinks and finally waited about 45 minutes for the bill so ended up walking upto the bar to try and pay. I would go for Achari up the road instead as I found the food better and the service a lot better. 
We had 4 cakes (two vegan, two regular) and tea. We went in because of good reviews (and the promise of vegan cakes) but we were disappointed. Place was not very cozy. Staff was very friendly though. 
the food was excellent but the service was not great as it was very long to be attended and served. I had to skip the dessert as could not bear anymore the wait.  
Excellent if slightly formal service. Wine list a bit pretentious with limited list but still modest to ridiculously priced wine (£300 a bottle) Food is good but to my mind trying too hard to be clever and original rather than getting simple things done excellently. Wouldn’t rush back.  
Quite mixed views about limes. They were really friendly and have bags of choice on the menu. We got a lovely table for 6 of us.  
This didn’t live up to the reviews for us. The food was very well executed and the staff were attentive but the overall attitude was inflexible. When we asked if there was another vegetarian starter or main (only one vegetarian main on offer) we were immediately told no and that we should have let them know in advance - which we actually had done! It started the lunch off on the wrong foot really and was an unusual response for somewhere which presumably prides itself on both food and customer service.  
Fab location . Not to many covers . Lovely range for each course. 
Belated return to the Glasshouse after a few years. Fixed three course menu 57.50 (plus extras for certain things). First of all, do think this means you have to have three courses which isn’t ideal (could not finish the excellent cheese). With wine the bill for six of us was 115 per head, which for the standard of food (bland and lacking flavour) is very high even compared to some of the best in London. The service was professional, but our wine waitress was unfriendly and disinterested. Rather disappointing on balance and would not be returning. 
We decided to seek this little cafe/bakery,out after seeing the reviews on trip advisor. Short walk from visit to Windsor castle for lunch and we decided to sit inside. It was very quiet, and probably only one other couple sitting on the seating provided outside the cafe.  
The food tastes fantastic, no issues with what is happening in the kitchen. There were minor glitches with service - our starters arrived without the sommelier having spoken to us - and the various members of staff varied in demeanor from warm and friendly to cool if not brusque. 
A good place for a cheap and quick lunch.  
My wife and I have not visited the Glasshouse for at least 6 years and now I know why .The entrance is cold and unwelcoming .You enter via an alleyway straight into the hub of the restaurant . 
The family took me to the Glass house for my birthday. We have been before and it was excellent on that occasion. This time we all thought the food was average. My food was almost inedible. The staff dealt with my complaint very professionally but it meant the other diners had all finished before my main course eventually arrived. 
My wife and I dined here on 28th December evening. The Glasshouse has been our ‘special-treat’ restaurant for almost 15 years (once or twice a year) but this latest occasion proved to be the least special experience for us.  
Crowded & noisy. Good accordionist created atmosphere.  
Moules a la creme: sauce had split but was still served, tasteless. Garlic bread over toasted. Champagne and wine both nice, service fine, location lovely. There are other places where food matches location so give this one a miss 
Came here for an anniversary celebration with high hopes. Overall it was a really nice experience with excellent service, but the food had some flaws. The starter of lamb sweetbreads had too much going on, though really nice peas which is something I never thought I would say. The sweetbreads were also a little undercooked for my liking. The main course of lamb should was a disappointment because the meat was tough and barely warm, with not enough gravy to keep the dish going. I ended up leaving the meat as it was an effort to eat it, but the vegetables again were lovely. Finally for dessert I had the strawberry delice and this was a dish that matches the expectation I had for the restaurant. Everything complemented each other perfectly and I was left with the almost guilty feeling of eating something so sumptuous. Overall a pleasurable experience but certain issues with the food and perhaps the long waiting time for the food convinced me not to give a higher rating. 
We had dinner here recently. Fortunately we had booked since it was completely full. The room is attractive but the tables are close together and we were distracted by one of the couples next to us who were speaking loudly. The service is generally attentive although on one occasion they arrived with the next course before the previous course had been cleared away. The food was all beautifully presented but we felt lacked the last degree of subtlety in bringing out the individual flavours. The wine list is very strong but also very expensive. Dinner for two with wine will easily set you back £200 and considerably more if you have drinks before or after the meal. Our overall view was that we could have found a better alternative for that kind of money. 
Sandwiched between a bank and shops in George Street, this was a surprisingly good place for a snack lunch. It is open at lunchtimes on Friday and Saturday, but otherwise only for evening dinner. Climbing the several steps at the entrance, we found "snugs" against the wall, each housing a table for 4.. There are no Virus procedures, but we felt safe and secure. Off the snacks menu, we had a goats cheese and pear salad for my wife, and two pancettas for me. All good to eat. Basil and Grape is more a bar with a plentiful display of drinks. Economical in price. Friendly service. 
Was somewhat disappointed by my experience here at the Glasshouse, a month or two ago I was at the Tap on the Line across the road and had a far more rewarding evening out. The atmosphere is a bit sterile and the food was not all that I had heard it too be. 
Food good, service not so good table booked 6-30 took some time to take our order. starters came, mains came after a long wait. When it came to desert we had run out of time so we couldn’t have a pudding as they had an 8-30 sitting, we argue the point because it was down to them for not coming to take the order and having to wait for them cook it. If I do go back it won’t be at an 6-30 sitting. 
My friends and I booked the wine tasting here, where you get to taste 6 different types of wine (3 red, 3 white) and get a platter of cheese and meat with it. 
Not a lot of choice on the Lunchtime Menu, needs to be more varied and origional, apart from that, a nice place to go. 
Ate here with friends last night. Overall found the service disappointing. Taking our coats appeared chaotic and then they brought the wrong ones when we left. During the meal we had to constantly call the waiters for service and the restaurant was probably 50% full only. The wine waiter and the front of house just stood chatting and I had to stand up and go and get him at one point to order some wine. Took over 20 minutes to get a cocktail and we ended up drinking those with our starters. All felt very rushed. The food was good although the cod dish main course and the passion fruit meringue desert were slightly disappointing. Overall La Trompette and Chez Bruce in our eyes are in a different league. This is local to us and we will try it again as we were hoping this was a just a blip especially reading other positive  
Second visit and the food is good. But it was very busy and the service suffered. Went with friends to celebrate a birthday. The table was at the back of the restaurant and the noise really built up which wasn’t helped by the loud background music so really difficult to hear each other, the starters came fine but the mains a disaster. One persons veg came and 10 minutes later their mains and food came at all different intervals. We finished and had such a long wait we couldn’t be bothered with deserts or coffee’s. not sure if we’d bother again. 
Some of the dishes were delicious but others average 
Disappointing that michellin star is perhaps an excuse to serve average tiny portions. Service though is as one would expect.....excellent.I expected much much more from the food................absolutely not worth the price even though fixed price menu. 
Pleasant restaurant with a nice feel. Sadly the food is only mediocre and we all felt the portions were very tiny.  
Booked for anniversary meal having never been before. Lovely restaurant, the food really was delicious, great choices, wine list extensive and I liked the variety of half bottle options. I would love to have given this place a 4/5 but ultimately the portion sizes really let it down. I can only liken it to eating from a 5 plus course tasting menu only you were missing 2 courses! Felt a £6.50 supplement for cheese was a little unnecessary considering the tiny amounts we were served. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and as I say cannot fault the food itself, but a pricey evening and you want to feel satisfied when you leave! 
I've only given 3 out of 5 because this place does not live up to its michelin star billing. I went here for lunch with a friend as a bit of a treat. We were offered a small table jammed between two other small tables occupied by large loud chaps, even though the restaurant was less than half full, and AT LEAST seven quieter and better situated tables were free, which moreover, remained free throughout the whole of our visit. As we booked for quite late in the service why couldn't we be shown to a more pleasant situation? Is this a case of hoping for better customers instead of taking care of the ones they have!  
Have been coming for some years but each time there are high lights and low lights. It's never a completely perfect experience and given the expense it's disappointing. Starters generally very good but the mains let it down. Desserts average. Why do I go back because I hope it will improve. But it has never been perfect. 
Visited here for dinner on the Sunday of the bank holiday weekend. The food was immaculate, superb lobster tortellini that was full of flavour with a beautifully matched sauce. Incredibly tender pork fillet with delicious belly and another amazing sauce, rich and packed with The flavour of apples In the form of cider. The deserts were delightful to look at and tasted even better. The service however had been weak, small things like not moving the napkin, having to request butter and no one coming to check to we were happy with our food which was disappointing when the chefs were clearly putting everything into every dish they produced. When the bill came I advised that I wouldn't be paying the service charge (I still tipped, just half the amount and in cash). I then had the manager come over to ask why, with the bill in hand. This was awkward for my fiancé and I felt, a bit rude. I understand he wanted to know what had gone wrong but his manner came across as more just wanting me to pay it. Next time lets hope he only asks why after the bill is paid rather than embarrass his paying customers. Shame as would have gone back for the food. 
Well prepared, pretty food but too safe. Had 3 courses, all very pleasant but nothing to excite the taste buds. Had to go home and have 3 crumpets to fill up and I am far from being a big eater. Poor selection of reasonably priced wine. Vast selection of £30 plus wines. One available from Waitrose for about £20 being sold at £69 plus 12.5% service. Sort of restaurant that tells you they serve their lamb pink and that is OK with you. Untold staff wandering around not doing much but perfectly helpful when required. Pleasant evening but could not recommend and will never return. 
Have been coming here for a while and singing its praises to most people I meet. The last two times I visited in the space of one week - one a quiet Sat afternoon, one a busy weds evening, there were two major issues with my bill. 
Went in there last night to have a look and ended having some wine. 
Only real good thing about this place is the location. Otherwise it's just a glorified pub with average for. 
Michelin star restaurant went on a saturday booked for 6.30 had to wait outside with elderly mum for the doors to open ok its great if you like nouvelle quisine at 550pounds but open the doors on time loved the selection of cheese on offer fab anyway my advice is to eat during the day 
The atmosphere of the restaurant is quite good, candles on the tables, warm light and not too noisy althouhg this could be improved, the food is nice although it misses soemthing to make it being remember and the price tag is too high for plates that require a little bit more of thinking, staff wonderful and very friendly. 
Went with a few friends and the menu was ok and the food was quite nice. Each of us had a couple of drinks but all thought the bill was on the high side. Seemed to me it was an Essex restaurant but with central London prices.  
We arrived at the restaurant on time, but unfortunately our friends arrived late. We were told we only had just over an hour so we could only have a main course as the table was booked for another set of clients,. The staff said it very rudely.We ordered starter and mains and were told to finish quickly. After finishing our main course, the staff came up to say that it was ok to continue to sit at our tables. The restaurant was not that busy at all and there were plenty of empty tables. 
Lovely food, good little local place. Beautiful menu and quality food stuff. friendly staff and a nice night out. 
My wife and I booked at table at this restaurant for our wedding anniversary on 17th August. We booked well in advance, and they had tables available. It is clear that they had overbooked, and sat us on a table for two directly in front of the entrance door. This was unpleasant as people were coming and going and kept leaving the door open. I had a very good view of the traffic! 
It was our second visit to this local restaurant on the valentine's day. We received a warm welcome and ordered the food. The food was very delicious as it was during our first visit. We had to ask for the dessert menu after finishing our main course when no one came to ask. Eventually we had the menu but lost the apatite when no one came to take the order. I must say we had to leave the restaurant very unhappy. It ended happily after having satisfied by great dessert in Barkingside's SWEET. 
The initial feeling for this place was nice and welcoming with a good bustle and cheerful friendly staff . I’m no expert on Portuguese food so can’t speak as to the authenticity of the meals but felt the food was perhaps a little uninspiring. I may have made some bad choices on my meal and other people with us certainly enjoyed their chicken espetado...I think I should return and try some other options as the welcome was so friendly and the “rabbits wheel” red wine very enjoyable. 
Walked in on an already heated situation where staff were shouting and complaining with another customer - didnt set the tone unfortunately and the dish i was super looking forward to - the octopus - was dry and rubbery 
Food plentiful. This was our first visit. Staff need training. Six of us visited two of whom ordered different type steaks they were each served the others steak, when nearly finished realised they didn’t have what was ordered upon telling management her reaction was they were delivered to the correct tables and no apology or customer service ie perhaps free coffee by way of accepting their mistake. 
We came to this place for the first time to have a really nice and Italian experience. Unfortunately we didn’t have it.  
First time visit to this restaurant which came highly recommended, whilst there was no real issue with this place it was the small things that let it down, the fact it was a busy night could have played a factor. 
I feel a little confused about all the previous reviews about the glowing service here as my experience was not like that at all. We arrived and were told to wait and find a better table for us (as I was on crutches). This was a good idea but whilst we waited we were kind of just left in the walk way, standing (not ideal on crutches). I suggested sitting at the bar as happy to wait but didn’t really get a reply. Eventually we were seated, then moved again 5 minutes later. Not really explained why. It was fine, but not ideal when the spacing was small and hopping in between the small areas. Eventually we were served. Our starters came out in sections. Olives, then the bread. Non of which had plates- which we then had to ask for plates. The same happened with the main and having to ask for cutlery and napkins. The service was just disappointing as we spent a lot of time in the meal trying to get the attention of staff to ask for things such as this, or drinks when we were empty, or the bill, or when we paid. It was pretty constant and no one really seemed to be aware or apologize regarding the poor service. A shame as the pizza was good!  
We had been to Kew Garden Christmas Trail and decided to book this restaurant before we caught a train home. Inside is nice and cosy and the menu read well. The wine list was amazing.Although seated straight away, after ordering some wine we had to wait long enough to have to remind them. The food arrived and was delicious however the service throughout the evening was appalling, and when we question this, the response was 'they were busy' which truly is un-acceptable for a restaurant of this standard. Even getting the bill took so long we missed out train! All in all , all 4 of us were not impressed. 
Firstly, for a restaurant in Croydon I felt that we were paying central London prices. Secondly, the service was a bit hit and miss, although they did score a hit when a waiter ripped the cap off a bottle of wine for another table and I got splashed! Thirdly we were persuaded to have a Pinsa pizza which we all found to be a bit stodgy. On the plus side we started with a Suprema sharing platter which seemed expensive at £48 but it was impressive, and combined with the bread baskets, meant that we only needed one pizza afterwards to share between the 4 of us. So if you do order the Suprema don't order anything else until we have completed it. In summary, the meal was OK but I wouldn't rush to go back. 
Opened the door and impressed with the interior, a friendly greeting, we found a booth which reduced the sound of the loud music. 
We visited again last week in the hope that the first time was a one-off disappointment but sadly not. 
Came here on a Sunday evening- about 70% full. Nice atmosphere etc. Havnt tried the food yet as I write. But the service is way way too slow. Given a menu 20 min ago and nobody's bothered to check on us yet.  
The food is truly amazing, no question but....... Let down by staff and service. I am dairy intolerant and they do not take this seriously. I asked if one of the desserts contained dairy and the waitress checked and told me absolutely no dairy in this particular one. I then asked another waitress to double check as I didn't feel convinced. Yes madam there is dairy in this dessert. If someone has an allergy they need to take this seriously. I then ordered a non dairy dessert and it came with a chocolate stick in it for decoration that yes that had dairy! They also need more staff as it's a very busy restaurant. We went and got the dessert menu's ourselves as we couldn't find a waitress. Also we sat next to the wine coolers and we all had cold knees, the owner came along and asked if we were ok and we told him. His response was "no one else has ever complained in 5 months". What happened to apologies, would you like another table. We won't return. 
We went to restaurant, booked a table for 8 but came with 9 plus a toddler. Manager was very rude from the beginning. We understood that this may have inconvenienced the restaurant and did apologise, but would have expected a better attitude. Service with a smile, even if your really annoyed with the customer. It's part of the service industry.  
I must admit I was disappointed as I 
Great first impression to this place, from the interior to the menu. Overall result a bit mixed though. Starters: mixed sausages a bit plain, while the pork pieces in white wine was really tasty. Mains: mixed grill was good, but the cod confit disappointed. I love bacalao, but the fish too salty, too many bones and really needed something to cut through the flavours. Probably will come back though and hope the blips have disappeared  
Telling the staff that I have a nut allergy is always challenging. Firstly, I am met with staff which 'huff' at the idea of having to handle someone with a nut allergy. They tell me that a manager will have to come over 'to deal with it'. Then I am greeted with a manager who loudly says at my table 'who's go the allergy'... Then passes me a book with all the allergens and stands there whilst I check my order for allergens. This is not a way to treat a customer with a life-threatening allergy, and it puts a huge dampen on the company at my table, when the manager of the restaurant ,behaves in this way - making me feel that I am a pain. I do not think this is acceptable service for such a popular restaurant, and staff members, and also managers need to be better trained at politely responding to customers with allergy requirements, they claim to accommodate. 
... had to send back the Chilli Squid which was obviously not freshly cooked, and had the appearance and texture of cardboard. The replacement dish was fine. All other food was good. On receiving the bill was surprised to see that we were being charged for both portions of the chilli squid. This was rectified on pointing this out, but no apology received. Not over impressed! 
We got in just after 2pm which seemed a good time as the lunch time mums with prams were leaving. We decided to go for several small plates and share. This was a mistake, the cataplanya had two tiny bits of monkfish, my wife blamed me for eating all the fish, the prawns were scarce, the pork wasn't too bad. I really think they should review these small dishes I realise others have made comments. I would advise going for the main courses. Overall the food is good. The service wasn't great if being totally honest, our vegetables were forgotten, we had to remind the staff several times that we had requested water and bread. The staff are friendly though. We were so looking forward to Capricho but left a little underwhelmed which was a real shame. Maybe we will give it another try at some point. 
This place is lovely, decor is pleasing to the eye, feels as if u are away from home and relaxed. 
The food was ok but not the best, and when we asked for the bill he said “sure not a problem” then they just took forever coz they were just standing there chatting about random stuff and they can’t say that they were busy because there was no other guests apart from 1 in the restaurant  
We have been fairly regular since it opened. Not easy to get properly spiced curry in this area. Usually the food is OK, nothing exciting but particularly good breads. Lamb can be a little sparse and hard but as I said it is OK and handy. However last time we went we were charged 2 quid for a chappati. Anyone can make a mistake so I questioned it as the menu states 1.50. They insisted they cost £2 each. We paid and it may sound trivial but £2 is ridiculous. We are not even charged that in Central London. We will not return. 
If you are in a hurry and want to eat well, this is a good place to go. Large menu to navigate but the waiter will advise you. Reasonably priced. 
Everything lacked salt, the tarka daal had no salt in it at all. It all looked nice but alas tasted bland. I’m not from this area but if I was I wouldn’t order from here again, sorry.  
So as soon as we sit down after five minutes one of the staff came straight way to ask for drinks and food so we say we didn’t been ready yet so I said I want some water while I am waiting, then I asked her when we ready so we order and food arrive in 10 minutes, was alright but mine was not that hot (just ate because I was starving) and taste was alright!  
Good quality food all tasty. Attentive service too. Fair price if looking for a quick meal with friends. 
Usual great food as you get in all Wagamama's , but a long wait as they forgot our order. 
We visited having seen this restaurant advertised and when driving through Brentford. The service was exceptional and cannot be faulted in any way. The restaurant was pleasant inside and with modern, smart decor. The dishes were unfortunately a bit of a let down. The chicken chaat puri and aloo chaat puri wrere a bit lacking in flavour and depth. The Naga Paneer didnt seem balanced and the Royal chicken was like an overly sweet korma. Its such a shame as if the food had have been good on the night this would be a 5 star review. We did really appreciate the service though which was amongst the friendliest and most professional of any restaurant. Hopefully it was a one off with the food not being up to scratch during our visit. 
We went to this restaurant as it was walking distance from our friends. We hoped for a real Indian experience but were rather disappointed. The interior of the restaurant reminded us rather of a cafeteria or snack bar. The food was ok but without any 'wow'-effects or surprises. Solid but uninspiring. 
Lots of reserved tables early on Saturday night and also a brisk takeaway trade. 
This place offers cheap curries but you can unfortunately taste the price. The place itself is a BYOB and clearly isn't a high-end restaurant. Curries start from less than £6, hence good if you look for a cheap eat. But the taste is not memorable. The korma we had was so sweet that I thought it is a dessert - I felt sorry for the chicken being drowned in this. Our second curry was better but still not bursting in flavor. The popadoms were served 'dry', i.e. without chutney or similar. The lassi was an instant one. And the naan tasted like from Tesco. For two, we paid less than £30 but I would most strongly recommend asking for £1-2 more per curry and do it tasty. Two stars for the taste, but the cheap price pushes this to just about three. 
Only customers on a Monday evening and surprised to find they didn't sell alcohol, so atmosphere was obviously rubbish. 
I tried this place a few days ago. After reading all the reviews extolling the dishes I expected quite a lot, However the food was really average. I will say the prices are low and the helpings good but the zing factor is just not there. 
We visited Positano on the strength of some of the reviews it got on Trip Advisor and I have to say I'm losing my faith. 
Positano has been consistently good since my 2013 review, and now I've given it some time to bed in with the new owner, visited 4 or so times, to give a balanced view on the current picture.  
Good food and entertainment. Great staff, very friendly . Good atmosphere. Would recommend for a night out 
This place was the jewel in Surbiton's crown for years. Fantastic authentic Italian food and friendly service. It's by no means bad now, just not as good as it was. The pizza was slightly greasy, with too much cheese, the ingredients just don't taste as fresh. Great service and still far better than a dominos, just sadly not what it once was. 
We hadn’t been for 2 years as Da Lucia was so much better . Sadly Da Lucia had closed so we duly went back . Owners have changed but menu hasn’t ( unfortunately) . Starters . Calamari.. limp and served oddly with fried carrot , courgette and parsnip ... partners soup , minestrone watery. Mains ... my rigatoni with blue cheese sauce was very creamy . Partners lasagne super tomato based . This place could be so so much better but it caters for a suburban crowd who are budget conscious . We won’t go back . To stand out it needs to really make a statement , and it doesn’t ....  
I booked a table at Positano to celebrate father's day. We were 2 adults and two children. When we arrived the young waitress greeting us at the door gave us a lovely table nearby the window and I appreciated it as the rest of the restaurant seems to be more in the dark. Unfortunately she was reproached a few seconds later by the manager who came to tell us that table was already reserved (no sign on it!) We settled for a different table but I wasn't happy with my first impression of the place. Having said that they were quite polite and kind to accommodate the children needs. 
Having been meaning to try for a while, we visited tonight after going to the cinema. The place was busy and clean and staff polite, if not a little miserable. The food was ok, nothing special and having to ask for cutlery if you were not great with chopsticks did make some of the party feel 
Nothing particularly wrong but nothing exciting about this restaurant. We had some starters, pasta and ice cream. Portions were ok but overall the taste was missing. 
Been to Wagamama in Staines many times , always had good food , staff helpful . The only problem is they are all so busy you have to ask twice for anything as they seem to forget the first time .  
Friendly staff and god prices, food is average, not the best quality. I'm sure for a family outing with children it would suffice well and the food isn't bad but as someone who likes high quality Japanese food, this is not the best place. Try Sushi Nara instead. 
Usually love wagamama's, same taste and flavours and good food wherever you go. Staines is really different every time we go! Too spicy and/or just tastes different every time. The point of a chain restaurant is that it's the same and you go for the food you enjoy/crave. But the Staine's branch seems to be really bad at turning out the same dish twice. It doesn't make for the most enjoyable experience when you go because you really fancy a certain dish but it's just different to the last time you went and very different to other London restaurants.  
It was very busy but fitted our reservation in, food was OK. Family friendly, varied menu, small restaurant so a bit cramped. Staff very attentive to the regulars 
We have been to this chain in many cities and have always enjoyed it, until we went to Staines. Although we were first in and there were 4 staff on, it seemed like an inconvenience to serve us they were too busy chatting. We had to plates of Gyozas, 1 chicken and 1 pork. Pork was disgusting and unrecognisable as Pork. Also had Korean spare ribs that were so fatty and full of oil, but very tasteless. We definitely won't go back there. I feel sorry for the person who owns it. I fell it will lose a lot of money. 
I am a Wagamama fan in general and as I live near Staines I was very excited when this Wagamama opened in 2016. I have been several times since. The service is very friendly, no problems there, but I have to admit the food isn't quite as good as most other Wagamama restaurants I've been to. Quite a few times they've been a bit too conservative with the sauce which sometimes makes the meal a bit on the bland side. It's still nice, but it's unfortunately not quite on par with the various other Wagamamas I've been to in the UK and abroad. 
Came to this restaurant on a weekend afternoon for a lunch with my boyfriend. 
Very busy, friendly and relaxed place. The food is old style and basic but very reasonably priced. The staff - a mix of very experienced and learning on the job - are lovely and clearly remember returning customers. You get the feeling this place has a loyal following in the local area. Not for those looking for high end, but non the worse for that. 
Recently opened in Staines. The location and décor are excellent. You know what to expect with the food - tasty, fresh, healthy, quick. Poor service, though. Maybe the staff are all a bit new but we did feel invisible on several occasions despite the place not being busy. 
Restaurant and menu all the familiar feel of any other branch. 
My friend and I decided to go here as a meal in the evening. It was fairly packed when we got there, which I wasn't surprised by as it's quite a new restaurant. The tables are quite like long benches which sort of feels like you're sharing your dining experience with a ton of strangers...not the most comfortable experience, but fortunately my friend and I got a two-seater table at the back. However, it made little difference was so incredibly noisy that at times I couldn't hear her speak.  
Tasty food, small portions. Quick service but staff not very alert. Had to ask twice for cutlery. Otherwise fine for a quick lunch. The lollipop prawns were very nice. 
to be fair there was nothing wrong with this restuarant, just felt they need to move with the times and bring things into 2014. I know it has been going for a while, and i agree that if it is not broke then why fix it, but i had thought the days of loud musicians "entertaining" the diners was a thing of the past. 
Expecting big things after all the reviews but ended up a little disappointed. Food was good but not great, our Italian friend said he would prefer pizza express(!). Service was a little erratic but overall Positanos had a good family run vibe, but did feel a bit like an 80s escapee. Slightly odd note when a load of laser glitter balls lit up the place, bit hard not to be distracted from conversation..... Overall it was fine, but I would not go back, which is a shame as we enjoy supporting small local restaurants. 
I used to enjoy eating at Wagamamas usually go to the Richmond Branch. Unfortunately the food this time was tasteless and the fried squid was inedible. Not sure what went wrong the squid was like eating cardboard.  
Perhaps it was an off night as everyone else seems to think this place is wonderful. Food average with main courses all coming with small portions of bland vegetables. Having said this my wife thought her ravioli was good. 
This was my first time at this restaurant with a work party. The food was ok with some meals better than others. My baked aubergine starter was delicious. The staff were welcoming and the service efficient and it did represent good value for money. 
Starter was out of this world. Main was so large it was for 2 people. Crazy light show for I have no idea what reason. Extremely loud live music so you can't talk to the person sat next to you. Fantastic at the same time dreadful 
This was my second visit. Dined here for the first time in January and loved it, however this time around was a bit different. The food I had, mushrooms to start and ravioli for main was lovely but that's about as far as I can go with the good comments this time. The restaurant was very loud with 2 singers playing the accordion for about 20 minutes. Not only was it deafening but at the end they came and shoved a cap on the table for you to put money in! This didn't go down at all well! There was a long wait between starter and main. My husband said his spaghetti tasted like it was out of a tin. And yes the lights dimmed and happy birthday was sung with the disco lights accompanying the singing and dancing owner! 
Nice sardines, rather disappointing orecchiette and bog-standard panna cotta served with a smile at a fair price. So OK, but not special. 
The food was good and well presented. Unfortunately the service is quite poor and needs much improving, specially since the decoration expresses fine dining. 
My wife & I was accommodated due to a cancellation, so We were both looking forward to our evening as we had received good recommendations but left thoroughly disappointed, we were sat in the corner by the entrance door not a problem as we had been allocated a table at short notice but the famous dirty dancing quote “don’t leave baby in the corner” was what happened we had long intervals between ordering our courses, 4 different waiters, my wife ordered sea bass it came dry no sauce’s, I had the rack of lamb admittedly not too bad edible, the noise din from another table was horrendous not that the restaurant can be held accountable but as a whole a very bad experience I’m sad to say!!! 
I only like chicken tikka so that’s what I ordered to takeaway. Considering the great reviews I was disappointed as the chicken was very dry and not very tasty. The pilau rice was a bit bland but onion bhajis were very nice. Food was hot and ready for collection when I expected. Staff were very friendly and helpful. 
As per another review on Christmas Day lunch; we fully concur  
Place has a general feel of being just a little tired. Toilets are poor. But let’s get to the food , popadums were oily and not properly cooked. Pickles were average at best and amounted to 3 bowls of tasteless green, red something but little mint or chilli so hard to say what they were. Cheap mango chutney and an onion mixed with a chilli jam perhaps? 
Not quite sure why I would need half of an uncut onion in my chicken madras. 
Disappointed Christmas Day dinners were not served hot they were Luke warm and sent coffee back as they were also served Luke warm this cost a lot of money one would expect the food to arrive hot 
I moved in to the area 2 years ago and this is the 2nd time I’ve eaten in Caspari. I’m not normally a big pasta fan but the chorizo bake I had was very tasty. We had white bait to start which was slightly overcooked for me but perfectly acceptable. Worth a visit if you are a fan of pizza, pasta dishes. There was other meat dishes but none of our group chose so can’t comment. 
Staff and feel of restaurant is authentically hospitable and relaxed. Nicely random lived in feel. The ravioli was excellent but in general the dishes were a little bland and safe.  
Went for lunch in cafe with two friends. People who arrived after us were served before. 
We went for dinner and it was very busy so glad we booked.Reasonable choice of wine but not the cheapest. We ordered food and asked for extra chilli for the penne arabiata and also for a pizza. The food was ok but my liver was tender but luke warm. The surprise was that when we were given the bill we were charged £1.50 twice for exta chilli !!!!! and this was not mentioned when we ordered it. We paid and left and will not go back. I wonder if you asked for no chilli if the price would be reduced by £1.50 
The starter and pudding were good, however the main course was served without the vegetables which took a further 25 minutes to arrive by which time the meat was completely cold. The students were charming and whilst they continually told us the vegetables were coming the delay was unacceptable. 
My wife and I attended today, at lunchtime, for the Buffet. At £8.50 pp, for a three course meal, one should not complain, but I have to be honest by saying I will not be returning. The young people serving were learning their trade, but as you would expect in a training environment, some lacked confidence. However, all tried very hard, so I did leave a 10pc gratuity as they did try hard. 
Christmas meal with a group of friends. Food was from set menu and was tasty. Service was good and quite quick considering how busy restaurant was, however if we had realised it was live music night think we would have gone another night. The music very good but very loud so couldn't chat , everyone in the place was shouting. Next time will double check and go on a quieter night if we want a catch up. 
We've been here numerous times and rated the place well in the past. However, the last few visits have not been as good and last night has prompted this review. 
Service was as attentive as usual and the few additions to menu are welcome. I'm less keen on the interior changes, the restaurant is struggling for an identity. Wallpaper, mirrors, lighting and book wallpaper are all misplaced and the placing of food ratings on bar area needs to be reviewed. This is a good value, family orientated Italian restaurant, just doesn't look it! 
As real traditional curry lover. This was a let down. Portions were small, food was bland. Naan were burnt. It was too busy so there excuses for the poor food. Not sure how this is number 1 something doesn’t make sense. 
Got a takeaway and it wasnt nice poor absolutely no taste in any of the food tandoori meat was fresh but no taste rice was hard and there was very small prawns in the king prawn biriani I was disappointed think we all was.would I go back no it was very very average food Iv eaten in many Indian restaurants and this was 5/10 for me 
Having heard such good reviews I was taken to BR6 for a birthday dinner. We chose 3 courses as we thought this would be adequate. How wrong can one be! 
I ordered our first meal ( take away) from Jaipur on 3rd this month, following a recommendation. Looking forward to a nice Saturday night meal. Asked for a delivery slot on the order of 20.00-20.30 , as my wife would not be in until 20.15. Order was delivered at 19.10 . Had to microwave an hour and ten minutes after delivery when my wife came home. I am sure the food would have tasted better if delivery was at requested time. Shame. 
Maybe i'm being biased, i'm an indian and i expect authentic, the food wasn't spicy enough for me. The service was fantastic, but the food could be spiced up abit more. 
We went for a meal with some friends on a Saturday evening. Service could be improved and the staff seemed inexperienced. We asked for a jug of water when we were first asked about drinks. Nothing arrived and so when the starters came I again asked for some water. Nothing arrived so I had to eventually get up and ask again at which time we got some. Water should be put on the table as a matter of course.  
Having had some great meals our trip this weekend wasn't as good. 
Having given this restaurant a glowing review previously we were very disappointed with our experience tonight. Although the food when it arrived was good, we had an extremely long wait. It was busy when we arrived but there were two spare tables. Obviously they were short staffed ( and later it was explained they were a delivery driver short ) but after more than an hours wait, when we asked how long our starters would be, we were told they had been sent out as a takeaway order by mistake ! Our meal eventually lasted more than two and a half hours, other people came in and were served before us. Although some apologies were forthcoming we found our bill for £80 for 3 people had nothing taken off to reflect this. We were then told they would look after us next time - well we would be preferred to have been looked after this time actually! I'm not sure there will be a next time now. 
the potatoes needed a lot of seasoning. very poor for desserts only 2 choices.only offerered water or wine.could have offered tea or coffee or something else hot 
The food was very well presented, the menu was a limited but it is a college restaurant and th8s makes it impossible to do a variety of choice. The portions were small but I wasn't hungry later so the size was quite deceiving. I found the lighting to be a little to bright for the occasion. But in the end the food distracted you from this fact. The staff who are all students learning the traid were at times a little over keen, but it was nice to see young people engaged. It was a lovely evening. 
Maybe it's just me but I prefer sopranos just down the road... Wife and I popped in after a few beers, she had steak, I had pasta. 
We came here invited by some friends. Typical english italian menu' but I need to say the presentation of the food and the decor of the restaurant is very good. We had the risotto with Gamberoni and the rice was overcooked and the penne primavera, nothing special but not bad. Bruschetta ok and the wine was not bad for the price. I did not try the pizza. The service was excellent but the food needs to be more tasty and not only nice to see.  
We thought we would try this as we were in the area, and the reviews looked good. The place itself is beatifully decorated and feels generally good inside. However both the wine list and menu were poor with very 'English' dishes rather than Italian which rang alarm bells! Olives were from a jar, calamari was frozen rings!!! Pizza wasn't much better and all felt very 'shop bought' or frozen.... My advice is avoid it, if you want a good Italian in Surrey go to Osso Buco, it's our favourite! 
Won't set your world on fire at all 
We've visited Caspari before and were very impressed. The service was just as good and friendly this time round but the food wasn't quite as good - I wonder if it was a less experienced chef on a Sunday evening? We still had an OK meal but it wasn't quite tip top - shame, because I think inherently it's a very nice place. 
- Great food  
Location is good, main dish was tasty but onion bhajis and starters were not so good, a little disappointed.  
Nothing wrong with place. Just really not sure its anything to write home about. Fairly standard curry house food. Still using a lot of oil, ghee and colouring. Friendly service was welcome though. 
Having recently visited this restaurant I would like to ask the proprietor why, oh why do you use a cheap margarine (one molecule off plastic!) instead of butter when presenting the bread basket - bread is always delicious by the way!!??? I'm sure you could run to it. Also, the bruschetta tomatoes are cheap, tasteless and straight from the fridge! They should be ripe, fleshy and oozing with juice at room temperature. 
Good value for a buffet lunch. Needs to add a few things like tomatoes with salad instead of just a few lettuce leaves.  
Just before Christmas I went for an evening meal. Four of us. My wife, son and his girlfriend. We booked for 8.00, but more of that later. We arrived 15 minutes late and bumped into friends outside who were just leaving.  
What a shame ! 
We went for a meal with friends and were disappointed by the main courses. The starters and puddings were good, however the mains were all dried out and appeared to have been in the hot cupboard far to long. Perhaps it was because it was the end of term because previous visits were much better 
Visited for a glass of wine recently and decided today to pop in for lunch. Decided to have a sandwich expecting it to be made with the lovely looking bread being sold. I was very disappointed to be served a sandwich made with basic sliced white bread. I did ask why they did not use their own bread and was told that if something went wrong with the bread they made they wouldn't have any to make sandwiches! Well, local supermarkets sell very nice bread. I presume the sliced white comes from somewhere and is not made on premises. Service was good, as was the coffee (as was the actual filling of the sandwich). 
In the square in the Walnuts area, diagonally opposite main entrance to Sainsburys. 
Had lunch here. The waiter was excellent on arrival. Restaurant near enough empty. Menu was limited in my opinion. Ordered toasted sandwiches and waited ages. When they turned up they were barley toasted and they were luke warm. Cheese had not melted inside. Not done in a proper sandwich press. Just toasted bread with filling just put inside. Very disappointing. Shame because the restaurant was very clean and had heard good things about the place. Will not be returning Im afraid. Hence average rating. 
Great location with plenty of nearby parking, the restaurant is bright and welcoming. I ordered a Tandoori Ki Shaan which is basically a mixed grill but with king prawn and salmon.  
I went there with my club. It was a set menu which I wasn't to keen on but I had the Hog and poached egg for started unfortunately the Hog was tough, for mains I had the roast turkey which was really tasty, it came with pork which I don't like, pig in blanket, the meat came up first so we had to wait for our vegetables which when they came were lukewarm and rock hard. The black forest gateau which was very nice. No one seemed to know what they were doing. It's not a place I would go back to. 
This is the second time I have been here but had forgotten when I visited this time. I chose it based on the reviews and came to exactly the same conclusion as I did last time. The food although cooked well is lacking in flavour. I had the meat Thali and although well presented the flavours were really lacking.  
In conclusion, the food was good but not mind-blowingly great; dearer than my usual Indian curry order but not better; my order was either taken down wrong (two of five items ordered were wrong) after not one but two detailed corrections; miscommunicated; or misread by the kitchen chef(s); delivery driver was either given the wrong house number; or misread it; then failed to pass on any kind of word from the restaurant; or even show his face. 
Note, there are two B and K salt beef bars. I ate at the one in Edgware, but the address didn't populate to the review when I clicked it. Haven't really enjoyed a good salt beef sandwich since living in the States and I had high hopes. They weren't met. The meat was too dry. Not bad enough to warrant complaining but not moist enough to warrant a return visit. Service was fine and while this is not a place to go for atmosphere, I had no grandiose expectations. Next UK visit, I'll be returning to a hole in the wall on Regents Park Road that does it better. 
At the Edgware branch we were told that the £12-50 lunch special was only available at the Hatch End branch. The B &K website is completely misleading on this implying it's available at both branches. For what they were,our salt beef and latkes (just one!),and particularly the chicken, chips and peas were grossly overpriced. No return visit planned! 
Yes it's not fancy but oh my goodness, this place takes you back to comfortville in a flash! Almost like you're grandma would've made. Generous servings. 
Next time, management should give us a countdown timer clock to put on the table. Nothing quite like being rushed thru’ a nice meal by giving 4-5 reminders to hurry up. 
I know pizza is a fast food but who wants to go out, spend a reasonable amount and be back outside in the cold within 45 minutes. It's such a shame because this restaurant has such potential. The pizzas are good but there are no real starters. Yes I know, there are sharing platters with bruschetta and garlic pizza bases but with pizza for main do you really want pizza bases or bread to begin? The desserts looked OK but by then we thought we might as well grab the bill and go home. So great if you want to grab a quick bite but not if you want to make a night of it. 
I do love a Deli ... my love of New York and LA have encouraged that, but here, oh dear. 
So this is quite new to the village, a welcome relief to the Indian restaurants. Whilst small inside, there is room around your table. The service good, prompt & polite to begin with. However trying to get the bill & to pay by card took ages. I think having had drinks and two courses, 'they thought the 'job was done...  
I had delivered a pizza from this place. 
We went here for a family 30th birthday meal. 
I decided to come here while I was in Bromley as I like spicy food and I had heard that this place served spicy pizzas. While the hottest pizza wasn't as spicy as I had expected, it was still spicy for a pizza and it offered a nice alternative from the norm. The pizzas here might not set the world on fire, but they are certainly enjoyable and this place is worth a visit if you like pizza and are in the area. The homemade ice cream appears to be another main draw to this place, but I found this to be somewhat inconsistent, so you should pick your flavours carefully. Being tucked away down a back street in Bromley, this place doesn't seem to be packed in the way of custom. Therefore you should be able to get a table, particularly since several customers choose to take away rather than eat in. 
...food. Clever and interesting combination of ingredients and flavours but fussily prepared with smears of this and blobs of that. We settled for the two course £15 set menu. My wife mentioned to the waitress that the pork belly was a bit too chewy and we were then given complimentary desserts. 
Lovely atmosphere and nice location granted. Food, whilst looking wonderful, wasn’t very tasty. Seemed like it was very under seasoned (but I’m no food critic). I left the place wishing it had been better. Possibly a one off judging by other reviews but having really wanted to like it I unfortunately won’t be returning.  
Having heard about Fireball I've been itching for an opportunity to try it being fairly local to me. 
My title says it all: it's ok... 
After reading all the excellent reviews I expected the pizza to be amazing. Unfortunately I thought it was just okay as the the base was over-done for my liking. Some of the garlic bread was also burnt.  
The Chatterton Village residents are lucky to have an authentic pizzeria on their doorsteps. 
Complex dishes, ambitious range of flavours in each, superbly put together. The food is the star turn here, and I can't think of any other restaurant in the locale with such a combination of high quality and excellent value...as others have noted, £30 for three courses. 
No 97 is a six minute walk from Surbiton station on Maple Road close to The French Table. First impressions are great. This is a small open plan restaurant with about 20 covers around two sides of the room and another ten places around a bar area looking into the open plan kitchen. The welcome and service was really very good and the menu whilst short was interesting. 3 starters, 3 mains and 3 deserts plus cheese. And a very very reasonable price, approx £20 for three courses. It is also a bit of a gin emporium with an impressive choice that I'm guessing must run to fifty different brands. We visited on a Friday lunchtime in no hurry whatsoever and looking forward to seeing the evening trade arrive !!! The wine list is very good and I can recommend the Framlingham Pinot Noir also reasonably priced about £25 from a hazy memory! I had the ham starter which came with a shot of homemade cider. Ham was very tasty but had a thick layer of fat, too thick for some. The cider was more like a slightly sweet vinegar and was not only unpleasant but completely ruined the white wine. My main course of two types of beef was pleasant enough but the knob of beef really need a little more tenderising and seasoning. We twice had to ask for the music to be turned down as it became an intrusion. Why do restaurants feel that on a lovely lunchtime slot they need to play music. Perhaps it was for the staff. I actually think this restaurant has a lot going for it and could be very good and would guess it has a real buzz about it in the evenings. I would recommend you go and make your own mind up. 
We visited for breakfast when near by as great reviews on here. We arrived and the location and place itself is lovely, nice decor and breakfast was really good but the service let it down. I waited 5 mins at least before anyone even acknowledged us walking in and it's not a big place! We were then seated but our breakfast took a while and the staff just seemed a bit aloof and not attentive to the tables which just let it down but great good, nice place, please just improve the service! 
Had high hopes, restaurant looks great, everyone friendly, starters were lovely, looked forward to next course, what a letdown! Meat was tough, both meals, and just not interesting, like a meal you would make at home when you can't really be bothered to try very hard! Desserts - one enjoyed, the other indifferent. Surbiton really needs good restaurants, this did not live up to expectations. 
Met up with some friends on Saturday with really high hopes, the menu online sounded fab but was dissapointed to be told that they only do a brunch menu on the weekend. Rather think this should have been mentioned when booking. Seems like they're missing a trick here as we would have spent far more money on a normal menu. I had crispy chicken and waffle and the portion sizes were tiny, I received an ok crispy chicken breast, approx. quarter of a normal size waffle, 4 blueberries and 2 raspberries all covered in maple syrup. It was quite bizarre and at £11.95 also very expensive. The orange juice that was supposed to come with it arrived at the end of the meal, freshly squeezed but with huge ice cubes (i.e not much actual juice). The muffins and poached eggs were also on the mean side. Cocktails were ok but not stand out, I should have chosen from the extensive gin menu as they sound awesome. I would probably come back for a drink but sadly not for food. 
We had a takeaway in January and it was great but on Saturday we were dissappointed... we ordered the scallop starter which was expensive at ~£9.95... we got 1 large scallop and two small ones! The small ones were cooked OK but the large one was not cooked enough... so sad... 
I ordered Mutter Paneer curry which is peas with cottage cheese. There were 5 pieces of Paneer and handful of peas (which were raw and were not fully cooked) and lot of gravy. The taste of the curry was fine but when I make mutter paneer at home as the name state it should have peas and paneer in equal portion with little gravy but what I found with this one is it was full of gravy and charging a fortune for 5 pieces of paneer and handful of peas. 
We got delivery tonight, three curries, one tandoori chicken, poppadums, and some naan. Poppadums were great and the naan once re fired on the stove was excellent! The tandoori was well loved by my mother in law. BUT. 
My friend and I had an enjoyable evening but found that the food was underwhelming. The portions are very small and just not very tasty. The cocktail menu is great, also great Atmosphere. We won't go back to dine but will certainly return for drinks. We paid £70 each for a cocktail each, bottle house champagne and food.  
Whilst this place has a lively atmosphere and pleasant staff, I am not convinced that the 'small plates' dining concept quite works. Although, the food is freshly prepared and well presented, the portions are not enough for sharing and the dishes are on the expensive side. The experience is akin to having morsels of a few starters and not quite getting to the main course. Perhaps it is better approached as a place to go for a drink and having a little something to keep you going. I would rate this place as 3.5 stars. 
Tried this 'small plate dining' and I'm not sure that I get it here. I love tapas but the whole point is that the small plates are priced reasonably so that you can get a selection and also feel sated in the process. The prices in this place are very high and I'm not sure that the food was of a good enough quality to warrant it.  
Let me start by saying the food was lovely.. really nice.. and the service attentive. However, I do agree with another reviewer when they say it is all a bit pretentious and may I say not cheap.. Firstly, I do not get tapas outside of Spain, and do not 'get' small plate dining. We were recommended to order 3 plates each. Of course, when it comes it is like a tapas, enough really for one person, a morsel on a plate,.. so by the time you have all dug in to it you have barely savoured the wonderful dish you have ordered. 10 pounds for one prawn? Admittedly a large one, and really delicious, but picked apart by three people, you are left with barely a mouthful. The pork belly was delicious as was the octopus.. I wouldn't say don't go there, but be prepared to spend well over a 100 quid if there are four of you and for that be prepared to go home hungry. I walked back to the car past Da Lucios and felt like popping in for a pizza! Just a bit 'up itself' for a side street in Surbiton.. 
Tried this place out in the morning...hadn't liked some of the reviews - the pretentious ones. Might I say that it is no competition for the French Table just 20 yards away. The coffee/tea was in very small cups and the croissant did not taste like it had been made that morning. The staff were pleasant enough but the service was a little slow. 
Visited 97 for brunch a couple of times, enjoyed the atmosphere and staff were super friendly/efficient.  
Have had a few good takeaway meal a from here 
We went here for drinks and tempted by the tapas style menu decided to order 3 plates each. The food is delicious and expertly presented, but we were so disappointed with the teeny tiny portions and at £7 plus per dish, it makes for an expensive meal, especially as we were still left hungry. The side of bread was awful, just one roll cut into 3 slices. 
Same as most pizzas nothing really special. If I can remember correctly the base was soggy and the cheese really stringy so not to my liking. Every body to there own I suppose. Not a hot chilli in the place. 
Good tasty food besides the salt beef sandwiches. Friendly staff. Limited seating area. Parking is a problem.Nice pastries as well. 
The food is great, definitely in my top 10 fish and chip restaurants in the country. 
Have been couple of times and always been impressed. 
A lovely location, smart modern well kept establishment. Shame about the food. l had grilled cod and chips with mushy peas - my friend had the battered cod. My cod was more grey than white. My friend's batter was most uncrispy. Will not return. 
The first time we ate here we were impressed by the freshness and scope of possible selections, especially the skate. Upon returning, quality has taken a turn for the worse. The batter is frequently overcooked and the waiting staff are utterly miserable, monosyllabic and downright depressing. It is very unlikely we will be back as a result.  
Lovely professional friendly staff. The seating arrangement was comfortable and the ambiance great. I was expecting the food to be slightly better quality but the fish lacked flavour and the chips could have been cooked a little longer. 
Went in for Sunday brunch. Ambience and service was very good - waiter was friendly and informative but get food was average at best. Prices weren’t too bad.  
This salt beef bar does what it says but no surprise. It has done so since the 1960s in Soho. Hot salt beef and tongue, good salads and if you have room afterwards, the schtrudel is yummy. The starters are okay although, for me the soups are delicious but too salty. 
I've left good reviews for this place before, in fact im one of their first customers. Let down this evening though. Arrived at 6.30 pm when it still was fairly quiet. But by 7.15pm more customers arrived and whilst 
Visited here a few weeks' ago with my son and it has a very cosy and welcoming interior.  
I went here with a couple of friends recently. The food was of a good quality and I enjoyed my cod and chips. However, the toilet really isn't pleasant. It has that distinct smell you don't want to experience and there was a pool of water on the floor. And when I washed my hands, the urinal overflowed. Such a shame. 
We had dinner at Pier 1 with 4 other couples. The atmosphere was very simple. The food was fresh and good. Everything was served grilled or deep fried. I think everyone in our group chose grilled. I had calamari, followed by Dover sole. My wife had scallops as an appetizer, then giant prawns (that were not so giant). Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. 
The restaurant was overcrowded and despite 2 metre social distancing signs we were seated between two other dining couples who were only 1 metre away from us. It was a hot humid evening, everyone was sweating, but the air conditioning units were turned off. Thalis were average but expensive. Not Covid safe. 
Went here on recommendation of some colleagues. Pizzas were good and comparable with other well known chain pizzas but the decor was strange. Goblins on the shoulders of the waiting staff and slightly weird interior decor which was a put off. 
The fish is not good quality and They use lot of butter and fried or tempura style dishes..ok price goodbye Richmond 
Came here with work collegues and found the price to be a little high for what it was. This is probably because the eat in price is quite high. They did have lots of options on the menu including Halloumi for vegetarians. 
Disappointed there are no saveloy but good and filling, and inexpensive meal. Would go there mainly for chips.  
The staff were lovely and the service good, they all wore masks. Our table was outside which was lovely as it was so warm but it wasn't cordoned off and people were literally brushing past our table as we were eating. The food was nice and authentic. If I went again I would definitely ask for a table nearer the restaurant. 
Overall this is a good fish restaurant I just found the chips a bit too much grease on them, though fish was good, portion not too big but was more the quality which showed. 
We really enjoyed our choices (haddock & chips and scampi & chips). The portions were not excessive and they were very tasty, however I feel that £42 for 2 portions of fish and chips and a bottle of wine was overpriced for a place that is more of a cafe than a restaurant. 
Really decent fish and chips. Other menu items trying to feel a bit fancy we felt but all of the basics for a sit-in or takeaway were great.  
For the price of sitting in their restaurant and takeaway was quite a big jump in pricing. We ended up doing takeaway. Chips were not homemade chips more like frozen chips and cooked. Waited sometime which was surprisingly annoying as it was around dinner time! 
We came to Pier 1, which is highly recommended by Tripadvisor, for an early dinner at 5:30 pm. The restaurant, fairly large and brightly lit, was practically empty. My wife had the grilled salmon, whereas I had the haddock fish and chips. We did not have to wait long, and the fish was fresh and very good. I don't care for soft chips or mushy peas, but the restaurant should not be blamed for those; I presume they are what British customers expect to be served. However, the service was not attentive: My wife's water glass was never refilled, I was not asked whether I wanted another drink, and I had to get the waitress's attention to ask for another serving of tartar sauce. Of the two waitresses who served us (both young and good looking), the one who brought the food was friendly but the other, who took our orders and brought the bill, was rather indifferent. 
It's hard to understand how this restaurant scores as No.2 in Richmond. Saying they serve the best fish and chips available doesn't make it so. It's a bright pleasingly decorated room and the service was OK. Whitebait was overcooked and seared scallops were the opposite - a little too close to raw. The batter on the huge fried haddock portions was reasonably crisp but the fish lacked flavour and texture and the chips were nothing special. I've eaten many fish and chips in a long life and I can get far better in my local chippy - and many other places I can think of. 
Having read the reviews I was really looking forward to eating at Pier 1 - at the time of writing, the most highly rated of 140+ restaurants in Richmond.  
The food is good. But the way that waiters treat customers feel a bit dodgy. If you go in for lunch, they firstly give you more expensive dinner menu. You have to ask lunch menu. They always try to find ways to charge you a bit more. 
Service was good but food wasn’t wonderful. Avoid the calamari, clearly frozen, very chewy. We sent back and got chicken wings instead, they were ok. Everything else was ok but not great. Nice bottle of wine and staff very friendly. Probably would not go back because food was disappointing. 
The fish was not as tasty as I had expected it with all the publicity of this place. The portion was ok. I have had much better fish and chips at take-aways. And there is no wifi in the restaurant. 
Instead of take away we sat down in the restaurant. Service was ok although only one staff member serving. The food was good basic fish and chips but overpriced. Noise levels from other customers and from food preparation area made conversation difficult at times 
Have been now twice, its ok but not fantastic, ate in and found the experience very ordinary if a little pricey for fish & chips, it was all cooked in front of us but there was poor customer interaction,if in the area its ok 
I decided to go there based on all the great reviews as I love an excellent fish and chips. For my taste, it is ok fish and chips, nothing to say much about. Good for a quick bite on a warm day. 
Maybe it’s just us. The place was busy, the service was cheesy but attentive, the food was mediocre. Maybe it thrives on its location but frankly, we found it forgettable. 
Stayed over in Richmond for work and tried this for an evening meal. Good simple food and a reasonable price.  
Went for a meal with a friend, and was surprised by the inconsistency of mask wearing by staff. The lady on front of house wasn’t wearing a mask and didn’t observe appropriate social distancing. She leaned across me and made me feel very uncomfortable. She also served us our food with no mask on.  
I was expecting much more from the Michelin star place...especially on my birthday. 
I’ve been dining on and off at La Trompette for many,many years after reading AA Gills fabulous review way back. 
Yummy yummy yummy food!! 
Ate here on a weekday as a party of 7. The restaurant was quite busy, there was at least one other large group.  
We’ve been faithful supporters of La Trompette for many years and have always been very pleased with the meals we’ve had there, including one as recently as March this year. So it’s with a feeling of genuine disappointment that we offer some negative comments on our most recent dining experience there. The a al carte lunch menu remains an attractive mix of meat, fish and vegetarian options. We variously chose the fillet of plaice, backed up by with crushed Charlotte potatoes, mussels and samphire; the cod loin, partnered with grilled octopus, borlotti beans and grilled aubergines; and the lamb, with galette, chard and garlic. The lamb was not as tender as it should have been. Had we not been in a hurry to make a timed slot at an exhibition later in the afternoon, it would have been returned. The two fish plates were excellent in conception, beautifully cooked and presented, but the quantities of fish were very modest, and there was really little more than a hint of octopus. We couldn’t help feeling that the very frequent offers of bread that punctuated the meal may have been a tacit recognition that perhaps the quantities of food on offer on the menu dishes were a bit short of the mark. This prompted a further thought, which is whether the restaurant has been afflicted by the curse of the tasting menu. As far as we’ve been aware, this hasn’t been offered at lunchtime on previous visits, but it was on this occasion. We’ve noticed at other places where both tasting and a la carte menus are offered, there is a tendency to bring the quantities on offer on each menu into line, at the more modest level appropriate to the multi course option. A few final comments. The dessert of gooseberry crumble souffle was one of the best we’ve tasted, a truly wonderful creation. There is an attractive selection of wines by the glass, but prices are pretty steep. And, finally, the service was very prompt and attentive, although we did have to wait a long time for the main courses. 
I’ve been here for lunch a few times. It’s expensive but the food is excellent and the service is attentive and friendly. On 5th July my husband and I came for dinner. The restaurant was packed and although the service was excellent the food took a long time to appear. My lamb was tasty but contained a lot of fat which was hard to cut with the extremely blunt knife provided. 
We were recommended this place from the where we were staying in Windsor. I had checked the review here before we went and all looked promising.  
Got the tasting menu and was blown away by the food, really special and good. Don’t skip the cheese, the selection is amazing! The wine pairing was fine, maybe a bit overpriced. What I thought was a let down was the time we had to wait between courses, up to 30min... it resulted in almost a 3hours diner.  
I don't live in the UK anymore in hadn't eaten here in about 15 years. I'd heard such great things but found the food ordinary, the exception being the Rhubarb crumble souffle which was sublime. Service was well intentioned, but slow. I wouldn't rush back. 
I've been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time and I was left with a feeling of disappointment. The service was slow and the food was nice enough but nothing special. I'd been to a central London 1 star the weekend before and was looking forward to another fantastic meal, unfortunately there was no comparison. 
I have been to many Michelin starred restaurants and this one by far has been the worst. Lack of creativity on the dishes, boring atmosphere, poor service (we had to wait 30 minutes by the bar where they collect all the empy bottles and glasses) because the didn't have the table ready and 30 minutes between each dish although it was the 10pm service... 
Lovely decor and masses of very attentive waiters and waitresses ( I think we saw about 7- one for greeting, one for menu, one for bread, one for wine, etc etc so hard to get any kind of relationship going), My friend ordered a mojito which was full of fresh mint and lime ( good) but not enough sugar to balance it ( not so good). The suckling pig starter was out of this world on flavour, but when the turbot came it was raw in the middle. One of the staff said "This is how we serve it" - since when do you serve turbot cooked on the outside and raw in the middle? They very quickly did it again and were apologetic and took the supplement off when the bill came. A lemon pip in the sorbet confirmed my take on a place which didn't quite hit the mark for the price and I won't be celebrating another birthday there. 
Nothing special, but Decent authentic Moroccan food in a relaxed environment with friendly staff and service. 
I was disappointed by my visit. I thought the menu choice (the starters in particular) was somewhat limited and perhaps I should have reviewed the menu beforehand. I ordered the duck and asked for it medium expecting it to arrive as what I would define medium rare. I had to send the duck back as it was rare. When the plate returned the presentation of the dish was lost. Felt like the chef had gone into a sulk. Not at all what I would expect from a restaurant of this standard.  
We visited at lunch time. I was no busy and we only order one dish and 2 drinks. After we paid we found we were charged the drinks more than quoted on the menu. 
We went to celebrate my friends 50th birthday. The ambiance was very good, service excellent and attentive, the wine list is also very good. 
After 16 years of living in Windsor and hearing good things about Meimo, my girlfriend and I finally decided to try it out last night to see if it lived up to all of the great reviews on Trip Advisor. While the service was great and the waiters were very friendly, unfortunately, we were both disappointed with the food, especially for the price you pay. 
The four of us revisited this well.regarded establishment during the week following New Year’s Day...as previously, the initial impressions were favourable although we were a little surprised to see that the restaurant was not full. Three of us began with a partridge and foie gras pate which was disappointing while our other companion enjoyed the squid she had ordered. My rack of lamb was poor but the partridge shared by the others was deemed to be ok, with the 2 bottles of Argentinian Malbec good enough if expensive; both crumble desserts were fine. Our first visit was good this third time less so......and sadly not fair value for money.Sorry to say but not as good a lunch as we would/should have expected it to be. 
delicious pizza. Unfortunately they prioritise deliveries/Uber eats/deliveroo over anyone in the restaurant so don’t expect good service!!! Waited nearly an hour for pizzas but saw the deliveries flying out the door 
From all reviews I was expecting the pizza here to be amazing. The toppings were generous but we found the sauce to be a little watery, which caused the base to be soggy, instead of crispy along the bottom as would otherwise expect.  
Definitely a busy place, the decor a bit too traditional. On the pricy side. The menu looks very inspiring, there's doubtlessly some effort in presentation. There's also plenty of staff around, very attentive. I am not convinced about the flavours being harmonised as well as they could be. I would have loved a bit of tartness to balance the veloute. The main dish was duck and I believe the side and sauces overpowered the duck which in itself was a tad chewy - maybe too rare, not my call though. However, the biggest let down was actually the desert for which my taste buds were trembling in anticipation: banana soufflé with passion fruit ice cream. Unfortunately, I could actually taste the eggs in the soufflé and it just did not go with the ice cream. I will try the restaurant once more as I like to be objective. 
We have stopped going since the new manager came to boss around. Never again. Good pizza but we have found far better real Italian place close to Ealing. 
The staff at this establishment were attentive but certainly not intrusive but there was discontinuity and a lack of cohesion between being served drinks and food.. We were staying in London for a few leisurely nights and I chose this restaurant for our final night based on Tripadvisor reviews. Odd things like an amuse bouche arriving at the table before aperitifs which we were still drinking as the starters arrived didn't really set the tone. The wine than also arrived and so both my wife and I had three drinks including water at our disposal.  
I been to this restaurant Few times, 
Visited this restaurant with a client last week as had been recommended to us. Couldn’t fault the service, lots of staff on hand and the restaurant was quiet for lunchtime, yet they appeared to be all busy. 2 things that I noticed when we were seated, (1) a very strong smell of cheese, totally overpowering. Perhaps they should look at that, not everyone likes that smell. (2) a lot of flies around, I know these can’t be helped when the windows and doors are open but it was off putting 
Not to its usual standard sadly, fish dish was very bland and lamb dish very gloopy, the strawberry dessert was very watery with soft strawberries and bland, the burnt was good. 
Staff were excellent, service decent, pleasant atmosphere but the only let down was on the food front.  
The dinner was a disaster with the first course of Mackerel was too salty and poor presentation. The Risotto with morels was good, the main course was Lamb cooked in two ways witha citrus sauce which was overpowering, the dessert was a fruit cocktail which looked as if prepared by an person cooking for the first time 
I must be a bit diplomatic, but this review of Chiswick's 'La Trompette' is written in the context of my having eaten excitingly at a restaurant elsewhere that has lost its precious 'star', and that my previous Tripadvisor review of this popular West London restaurant - which has one - was written about two years ago. Outright disappointment this time round? Well, no, because the standards are still fairly high, but certainly not too much excitement, perhaps, in that both I and my wife had a strong feeling that 'La Trompette' was not only coasting on its reputation but seemed bereft of a clear idea of purpose or direction. Nothing too tangible overall, perhaps, with delightfully presented plates - but flavour definitions seemed to be rather tame, and my own main course even had to be sent back as the result of careless cooking. Split, oily sauces infusing the taste an entire dish do not enchant me, alas, and I've always believed that beef should taste of something! Admittedly the kitchens were under heavy pressure of serving a Sunday lunch to a full house, but mistakes of this elementary kind at this elevated level of cuisine should not appear. The restaurant was more than apologetic, and I take no particular issue with this single lapse - however my wife reported that her dessert of an intriguingly titled malt tart tasted distinctly ordinary, with rather a bitter dark pastry beneath. The taste she offered me was confirmation enough. Overall then, I have no doubt the restaurant may still hit some high spots, but our own recent celebratory visit was rather 'ho hum', alas. I have shown what I have written to my wife, who wholeheartedly agrees with me. 
I went to this place largely on the strength of its exceptionally high TripAdvisor rating which seems to rank it in the top 2- 3% of restaurants in the whole of London! 
Great atmosphere and nice decor.  
Our friends booked a table here for us all on a Thursday evening. They built up our expectations by telling us we would be able to get the best steak we'd ever had. Unfortunately this wasn't available the evening we went. It was very quiet with few customers so lacked atmosphere. The food we chose was ok, the service was fine and the price reasonable. 
This is a very small restaurant so you do feel cramped when sitting down. 
Standard Italian pizzeria; I cannot underline any specific detail to suggest any tried pizza. Service is good in any case. 
We went for a late Valentines meal ( the day after) and was far from romantic. The food was good though huge but the atmosphere was cold, lights on full and to much attention from the waiters. Having said that though, we will go back. 
Really pleasant attentive staff, but sometimes a odd issue with catching their attention 
It was our Anniversary dinner and we looking forward to it. We were both really disappointed. My meal was fine, but my husbands was not so good. His steak was just ok and the chips were terrible. 
In the run up to Christmas a popular restaurant is always going to be busy and on arrival this place was packed - always a good sign. We had pre-booked a table by phone, but on arrival it was apparent from the expression on the staffs' faces that they did not know that we were coming. Luckily their was an available table albeit one place short of what we had booked (luckily one person could not make it). So not a great first impression. 
I visited L'Oro di Napoli this evening and I have to say, I am slightly bewildered by all the fuss about this place. Drab surroundings. Small place without any atmosphere, situated on a roundabout.  
I am sorry to say that, after much anticipation, i was extremely disappointed with my meal here. My partner and i shared two pizzas, a fried one and a regular, both of which were cold and a bit soggy. I think this is due to the poor service on that particular night which i believe it must have been a one-off, considering all the great reviews. 
The website looked better than reality 
A spur of the moment decision to visit Lugana for lunch after reading the numerous positive reviews.  
Food was very average and a two hour wait for our main courses. 
The fact that we ordered pizza for delivery and it arrived late, uncut and at room temperature, detracted from what would have have been an outstanding and authentic Neopolitan pizza. Ours was topped with arugula, prosciutto de Parma and cherry tomatoes. The flavor was really good and had a delicate sweetness to it. I know that L'Oro di Napoli is worthy of a better rating, but I can only go by my experience. Message to L'Oro di Napoli management: you need to work on and improve your delivery capability, or get out of delivery and just focus on eat-in and pick-up.  
A good Sunday lunch with friends, the restaurant was a little noisy but it was the weekend. Service was good, food plentiful and tasty 
Been trying out similar restaurants around the area of late and found this one to be the least appealing. Staff were exceptional and restaurant was very clean however, no atmosphere and the food and drink is by far overpriced in comparison to the other restaurants we have tried. 
Tuesday evening family night out.  
Food here was pretty good. However the premises is a bit noisy at weekends, with customers hanging around on the pavement outside. This is because the restaurant sometimes puts on entertainment and is more like a trendy bar at the weekends - together with the food. 
I have heard good reviews about this restaurant and although having lived just up the road from it for many years we have never visited. One of our friends said it was a great Italian restaurant and as our favourite Italian is a drive a way we thought we would give it a go. We tried to book for the Sunday lunch but it was fully booked (good sign) so we booked for the evening. Although it was 6pm it was maybe half full which again is pretty good for late January and the service was very good, the decor is a bit old fashioned, a large painted mural on the wall!? To start we had the fried squid and butternut squash soup, both were ok, but quite a small portion of squid, for mains we had the seafood linguine, spaghetti carbonara and seafood risotto. The carbonara was the star of the show and was very good. However, the risotto, although cooked well, lacked creaminess and a depth of flavour to the sauce. The linguine again lacked depth to its sauce, both had plenty of seafood. For review purposes we shared a tiramisu which again was just ok. We were desperate for this to be our new favourite Italian restaurant but it did not come anywhere close to beating our current favourite in atmosphere, flavours and authenticity. In fact Lugana is not the best Italian in Beckenham so it looks like we are still going to be driving, shame. 
We went here on the evening before my son's wedding because we wanted something low-key but good before the celebrations to come. What more suitable than an up-market Fish n' Chippie? The meal was a disappointment. I had a Whitebait starter that I had to send back because the fish were leathery and chewy. They gave me a fresh serving but the fish were in the same condition. so were not eaten. I'm informed by a fish merchant that the probable reason why it was like this was that it had been kept too long and had lost its tone. So the main arrived - Cod & Chips. The cod was unfortunately dry and not in the least moist and succulent. I used quite a lot of tomato sauce to moisten it. 
First time to this restaurant, attended a hen night celebration, I was a little disappointed with cost of the meal. £38.50for 2 courses was a little expensive. The website showed dessert to be included, however this was not offered. I had ordered chicken and lamb combo, not a lot of meat, just lots of salad, rice. 
A very decent place to eat and try some Calabrian food.  
We have been coming here, once a year, for several years now, as we have always found the food to be yummy. There was a hiccup last year, in as much that they lost our advance booking, so we had to wait for ages for them to accommodate us. But we came back this year (12 of us) for our 8 pm booking, only to find our table occupied! But to be fair they did soon clear the people away and get our table ready. I started with the "Melanzane della Calabrese", which was divine, but then sadly the "Pollo funghi e asparagi" had very tough / overcooked chicken with poor seasoning and insufficient sauce. Some of the food is expensive, such as the Bresaola dalla valtellina at £12.95. But worse are the drinks - going on for £5 for 33cl bottles of beer or Prosecco at £33 a bottle! Yes the beers were good ones and I am sure the same is true of the Prosecco , but if a restaurant is going to have expensive drinks on the menu, they should also have cheaper equivalents and not trap people into having expensive drinks. I do feel that this restaurant has lost its way and I really hope that it can get its act back together, as it used to be consistently great - sadly not now. 
Always in search of good local restaurants we tried this italian a few minutes drive from home- interesting rustic styled interior, 2 seat tables a little cramped against the wall. Drinks were on the pricey side - no excuse for an italian restaurant not to have a good reasonably priced Prosecco- by the glass as well as the bottle- it is NOT champagne. House white good. Food was mixed - my husband's seafood pasta was delicious if a little spicy, my chicken breast in a tomato sauce with avocado and mozzarella incredibly ordinary- the sauce lacked richness and depth of flavour, the chicken dry and overcooked. Perhaps stick to the pasta? Our search continues.....  
Used to be a regular for a couple of years. In this recent year, after the revamp and change in menu, the standard of food wasn't as good as before. The portions were significantly reduced too. Quite disappointed. However the service is great :) 
Recently revamped, with the old beach-shack structure at the front now replaced with a decked al-fresco eating area (pity it's also been hijacked by smokers). 
If u want a chat with people don't go here if u like noise then this is the place, food mediocre, quite cramped  
Great Italian food in a restaurant with lots of character, including the waiting staff. Portions were generous and my seafood linguine was hard to finish, even though delicious! A bit overpriced for what it is but a nice place to drink good wine and eat good food. We wish they hadn't run out of tiramisu though, our Italian dessert of choice!!  
The food is average in my opinion, I had much better Italian food before. The portions are also too big, I was already full after the starter. The waiter was very friendly and the wine was good, but my chicken in white wine sauce with artichokes as well as the squid was a bit dissapointing. I also found the most of the food was overpriced. Would not go back. 
I've walked past this place many times and always been put off by it's ramshackle appearance but a friend recommended it so I gave it a try... I won't be going back. 
We only visited because we had a discount of 15% off the meals,so we thought we would give it a try,there was 4 of us and booked for early Sunday evening. There was a nice welcome and had the choice of seats as it was quiet. The meals were well presented and tasty,I thought the starters were small.. I thought that the wine wine at nearly £20 a bottle was a bit too expensive and the same for the house red at nearly £18 a bottle. Ha icing 4 bottles 2 of each it added up. Again the mains were well presented but I thought the price a bit expensive.My wife thought it was good but I'm afraid I would want it to be a bit cheaper. He did offer us 15% off again for a return trip from Sunday to Thursday on meals only. I may think about this but I would have a good drink before going again at the wine prices for an ordinary Turkish Restuarant..a very small point I noticed when leaving no one came the door and opened it for us. So my wife and friends would good again I'm not so sure I would want to go. May be my but I think about £ 14 a bottle would be reasonable priced. I think they may well struggle with the prices that's why I would only give 3 stars. 
We visited as a party of 16. The staff were extremely polite and helpful but the food was extremely average in my opinion. Starters of Calamari was nice but cold. Person sitting next to me had squid which was overlooked and very rubbery. Main course was not what we ordered. Asked for chicken shish lamb kofte mix but got chicken shish and cofte. Was tepid and dry and had to ask for a bowl of yogurt dip to moisten it up. Belly dancer was very good. We had a good night as we were a large party with great company but would have enjoyed food from our local Turkish takeaway more. 
Always a bit suspicious when lots of reviewers have only 1 review and lots of helpful votes but never the less I like to speak as I find. Starters were nice, we had lamb kofte and taramasalata only complaint was the bread, it was extremely dry and hard. Main courses were lovely, kleftico nice and tender (some veg would have been nice) to accompany the dish. Lamb chops were delicious, tasty and tender - big thumbs up. Staff were pleasant and friendly. Price very reasonable with the tastecard. Would return. 
I visited here purely based on the reviews and was frankly quite disappointed after the hype built up on here. I went with my children and my other half and we were all of the same opinion.  
Just dint get who is reviewing this place....they all say its " amazing" but we found it rather bland !! The food was a bit samey tasting...the wine was that which you would get in supermarket...im sorry to say but this has been three different places in the past year and not one has been any good . Shame as I was looking forward to it. 
I'd heard about TC, so went recently and were quite disappointed. Manager was busy with his regulars and felt like service took a particularly long time.  
Firstly I have to say atmosphere and service was good-ideal for a work party. However, pizza was lacking in flavour and a bit measley with the toppings! A bit of a shame really. 
We were very keen to visit this restaurant having heard recommendations and read good reviews. Despite it being a cute, authentic place with excellent service, the food was just let down. We ordered two staple dishes, lasagne and a pizza and neither impressed. The lasagne was really nothing special. The pizza had no tomato sauce, instead it had some cherry tomatoes. It just wasn't to our liking. We had hoped for better but may well give it another chance. 
Went trought the ingredients list when ordering again the same pizza and was a bit surprised that there supposed to be a fresh basil as I did record it from the last ordered. We ordered 2 the same pizzas and I had a look at the basil. No wonder I didn't noticed it. Not that I pernickety, but I think an Italian pizzeria should have a fresh basil as must. 
Managed to barely get a table in the restaurant as it was almost fully booked, and the Mrs. and I ordered pizzas. The main courses and desserts of those around us looked amazing -- very professionally presented and looked delicious. Our pizzas were fine, but nothing particularly special compared to other Italian restaurants. 
A bit put off. 
Charming place, attentive owner, good location but average food at best. Pasta too ala dente, dessert disappointing, wine too expensive. What a pity. 
We were really looking forward to a visit after all the great reviews. Sadly the experience was forgettable. The waiter couldn't really understand English properly and struggled to relay some minor changes we asked for.  
Having read the reviews here I had very high hopes for Little Mumbai – and having now visited can confirm the food certainly is very good, albeit a little more expensive than some other local curry houses, but in view of the quality this was understandable. Where the restaurant let itself down, certainly on our visit, was the service. Despite it not being very busy we didn’t feel particularly welcome and were a little rushed, the waiter taking plates away before others had finished, including my curry dish which still had sauce in it (and we had Nan bread left!). In a town with so many curry houses, it’s the little touches like a welcome, a goodbye etc which can be the differentiator when deciding where to go! 
Average food very very mild. Would like to try a bit more traditional mumbai food which will have normal spicy taste.  
The food at this Italian restaurant was very good, but on a fairly busy Saturday night, was very slow to arrive. I am quite happy to have relaxed service (some places really seem to want to get you out asap) but this was not acceptable (the main course took over 2 hours to arrive). I do hope that this was a hic-up as I enjoyed the feel and there is reasonable wine list. 
Having pre-booked a table for 5, we were seated next to the till where we enjoyed half our our meal with the backsides of every takeaway customer hanging over our table.. water was served having asked 3 times. Despite all that the food was pretty good . 
Its been few weeks since I have been there with OH for a rare date night. I am a self-confessed foodie, albeit a vegetarian one, and love Indian food if done right. Sadly this was Indian food done wrong, so wrong in fact that I had to post this review after all this time.  
I have loved the food from Little Mumbai but things are changing. Just not the same flavours and freshness as before. Hopefully just a blip but wanted to post a review as several people have said the same thing to me recently. Come on Little Mumbai let’s get back to being amazing again.  
God was pretty average to be honest, papadums felt like they were packet ones, rice very yellow and not great. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in Twickenham better  
We dined here on recommendation but frankly were disappointed as we failed to find the 'wow' factor. Nothing particularly stood out and whilst nothing wrong with the food, service or deco it was just average. Quite a small restaurant that was quite noisy and normal conversation not always possible. Drinks expensive. 
Although the food and service can't be faulted, the popularity of this restaurant makes it very cramped and extremely noisy to the point that conversation at normal level is impossible. The car-park is very small and alternative street parking is lmited 
Id heard this place was amazing although service not great. The latter was true but i was totally underwhelmed by the food. Just standard stuff. And not much of it. Nice people but have no reason to go back.  
This is a very small curry house and the service let it down. Lots of hype about how good it was but the front of house service was very poor. The food was good quality but the time taken was too long for service and there was a pressure to eat and go so that they could re-set the table for the next customer. The main problem was the main waiter, who seemed to alway be telling off the others and not letting the staff do their job. 
We ordered from this restaurant because of the great reviews on here, but we were left slightly disappointed. Small portions (there were only 3 pieces of lamb in the lamb bhuna) and it was pretty expensive. The poppadoms were stale but the rest of the food tasted pretty good. 
We had a takeaway for 5 people early on a Saturday evening. The restaurant only had a table of 3 when we went to collect it, so the kitchen shouldn't have been under too much stress.... 
This is potentially a great restaurant and the quality of the food is excellent - there’s a “but” here though - as with most small local restaurants, the owner favours his “regular” diners and will spend some time in conversation with them to the detriment of other people. Also, again this is fairly typical, if you’re shown to a small table at the edge of the restaurant, you’re being “parked” and your service will be much slower than at a centre table. The owner needs to watch for this as we left without ordering desserts or coffee and left no gratuity because we were ignored for a good 40 minutes after our main course plates were taken away and were not offered dessert menus, the waiter being far more concerned with a larger party on an outdoor table. Nite to the owner; one good restaurant at these premises has already failed because of poor service and a declining clientele, don’t fall into the same trap by offering good food but flaky service to couples or non-regulars 
Went on a Friday evening and it was half to two-thirds full. It took us 10 minutes to be served a drink and another 40 minutes to get the mixed tandoori meat grill starter. Flavours were good but most of the meat was cold. The mains came more quickly and both our curries were very good and hot in temperature. Rice and dhal were also excellent. Service was OK but rather uninspiring. The owner did come over for a chat and was pleasant and took constructive criticism, admitting staff were still being trained etc. My partner wanted rasmalai for dessert, but none was available. No offer of a free drink or money off etc, which would have been a nice touch. When they iron out the problems, it could be a good restaurant - the chef certainly knows what he is doing. May go again in the future 
Table for four and all were reasonably happy with their food choices. However, my starter was set on flatbread overcooked and tough. Spaghetti Vongole was good with fresh clams and loads of garlic. Restuarant was full to bursting but the noise level was hard to bear and we probably won't go there again - at least not on a Saturday! Cost £170 for 4. 
The food was tasty, wine good and service excellent. The restaurant is tastefully decorated. However, the only let down was the music. It was loud, rock type at one point and you had to shout to be heard. Such a shame. Otherwise very nice 
Having heard so many good things about La Palma, I left the restaurant last week bitterly disappointed. 
So OK only.... great to meet up with friends but the food I am afraid was pretty average. My pizza was probably the disappointing and my husbands Fettuccine was drowned in far too many mushrooms. Dinner for 4 @ £80.00+ not sure we will be back, sorry :-( 
Visited with friends for celebration, good quality but quite limited choice, all pizzas are 12" unless you order a child's portion which is a mahgerita. Side salads quite expensive at a fiver a head. 
Visited with a friend. Warm welcome. Shared a starter, 2 mains, 2 desserts and a couple of cocktails each. We were surprised to see our bill come to £60 each! Food was average but good enough for a local but way overpriced. Shame as the area needs some reasonably priced local restaurants. At these prices there's better Italians in Denham, Uxbridge and Gerrards Cross.  
The restaurant looks nice, the staff are good and the menu also looks good. The one thing we both found was the food was quite bland, it wasn't bad or inedible, just severely lacking flavour. I see most reviews are very good but there are a few others saying the food lacks taste so I wonder if there is sometimes a different chef and that is the difference. We may try it again, but aren't going to rush back. 
We used to visit the old restaurant a lot, as it is well placed between the Windsor Theatre and home. However,last night was a bitter disappointment and we won't be going again. Perhaps Saturday night is a problem, but we arrived shortly after 7.30,and sat down in this over noisy restaurant. Requests to turn down the volume of the pop music were ignored, but the manager told us that the staff liked it!  
Ok so have had 2 nights here with adults and it is fantastic, staff very attentive, food excellent and overall great atmosphere although a bot squashed!!! Been here with kids under 6 and it's just not that sort of place for this age group, they didn't even have squash! My opinion, nice for adults only special meal venue ......not with kids (tiny ones)  
We have been diners at The Palm Suite (as La Palma was until recently) for many, many years and were naturally intrigued, excited and concerned in equal measure when David finally closed The Palm Suite and new owners moved in. An authentic Italian restaurant right on our doorstep - wow, something to look forward to. 
We were looking forward to trying this fairly new local restaurant but ended up quite disappointed. It was very noisy with tables too close together, difficult to hear well enough to talk easily. Slow service, had to ask for drinks menu. I was given plain potatoes instead of pesto spaghetti with my main course, manager eventually apologised but very harassed saying that pizza oven had broken. Didn't give a good impression on our first visit. Food was reasonably nice, but not generous portions for the price. I was offered a free glass of prossecco by way of compensation but ended up feeling quite fed up with the service and atmosphere. 
I was here the other day for Lunch, first time. 
Nice enough restaurant with good food in a very handy location. The service was pleasant and efficient, however it is quite busy on a Saturday night with take aways, which means that there is s constant traffic of people through the centre of the restaurant. 
Very disappointed , food was very average the pastas bravas were terrible far too much sauce. 
Went for lunch Sunday 13th August. Walked in, at 1pm. Empty apart from us, Young man, didn't even say Hello, just gave us menus, we ordered Fishcakes, and Soft shelled crab for starters, my crab delicious, but fish cakes very disappointing, just 4 tiny slabs that really didn't taste of anything. We then order Pad Tai, and marinated beef, with Papaya salad which were both very good. Our waiter was on his mobile entire time were there , and on leaving didn't say goodbye. !! Having been to Thailand several times this is not typical of Thai people. As we were still only ones there when we finished, just lacked atmosphere. 
Not sure what the hype is. The food was edible but definitely not top (first?) thai food in London! The prices are okay, but not cheap at all. The lamb chops were fine but nowhere near amazing. Bit disappointed since I came here after reading great reviews. Paid around £50 for two.  
Good décor. Busy & popular new eatery in fashionable Barnes. Despite the irritating name of the over-abused Americanism 'Awesome' I thought I'd set aside my prejudice & give it a go. Sadly, despite the hype it was not a good experience. Chicken satays were dry, tasteless & not enough peanut sauce. The aubergine dish was so, so. The lamb cutlets were overcooked. On the up side my friends prawn curry was good, the egg fried rice was great & the deserts were excellent. The Singha beer was served nicely chilled but authentic Thai it is not. There weren't enough waiting staff who were rushed off their feet with no time for pleasantries. Luckily the bill came in less than we had imagined but still not worth it. Awesome it ain't. 
What has happened at this previously wonderful restaurant? All the regular staff have disappeared, and the food which would usually be five star would now struggle for three! 
Nice people, nice setting, good service but overall pretty average food. Desserts also disappointing.  
The dishes are acceptable but would be better is served on normal plates and not fancy slates etc. Much too noisy for us but staff are very pleasant and helpful 
The restaurant is very popular with locals. It is not surprising as the food is good and well priced. The staff are very pleasant and the service is of a high standard.  
Been to this place after reading lot of good reviews  
From the moment we arrived at 7pm we were told we would need to vacate the table by 9. We were then told over the course of the evening another 4 times by the waiters that they needed the table back. The restaurant wasn't full - they had tables free at the back. I have to say it spoilt an otherwise lovely evening. The food was good and interesting (not cheap) - courgette flowers at £8.50 for two! It has good options for vegetarians. We ended up leaving reluctantly at 9pm and extending our evening in the pub as it felt too early to go home! Such a shame. Management need to abolish the time slots - people want to linger and when people linger they are happy and spend money. 
Given the rating and enthusiastic support for this restaurant we have been wanting to visit for some time. Four of us ate on a Wednesday evening and told we could have our table for two hours. 
Cute place with excellent service. Unfortunately food while okay was just not spicy enough. We choose Thai cuisine when we want to eat something spicy - this was just sweet and sugary. If you can't take spices and want Thai this is the place for you. Not for me! 
Been here after looking at the fine reviews  
Ate here on Friday 1st July. Was sat in a very cramped area of the restaurant (towards the rear) where the waiters/waitresses are constantly walking with food etc. We had no problem with that & the service was very nice & the staff were very attentive. The food is a mix between Spanish & Lebanese cuisines (but primarily Spanish) & is a Tapas restaurant. Nice menu with both meat & vegetable Tapas but I really don't think the Tapas were that great. I have an apartment in Spain & eat Tapas in Spain on a very regular basis & I'm not really sure what the Spanish may think of this establishment as it really doesn't resemble Spanish Tapas. I can eat fantastic Tapas in Spain with at least a bottle of wine & a 'drink on the house' large Brandy etc for £30 in Spain whereas this restaurant was £75 (for 5 x Tapas & a small Carafe of White Wine) & it really wasn't nearly as good. I appreciate that this is London & you are paying top Dollar & whereas it was an OK meal, it really wasn't great & I certainly would not rush back. Sorry if I sound harsh but I'm just being truthful. Truthfully....nice enough but this restaurant is charging 3 times what you'd pay in Spain & the Tapas in Spain are just so much better 
I have to be fair to AT: Having lived in Thailand and Thai food being one of my favourites, and with family out there, I am extremely difficult to please when it comes to Thai restaurants. The food is nice but - at least for me - truly nothing special. On the other hand service is friendly and efficient, atmosphere very enjoyable, prices reasonable. So is it a destination restaurant? No. But is it a nice restaurant to have nearby 'just in case'? Yes, absolutely. If you are hungry, want a pleasant evening, some good food, with nice people, without fuss, and dont want to remortgage the house for the courtesy then this is a nice spot. 
Don't know what all the fuss is about. Have any of these reviewers been to Thailand? 
Had a quick lunch here on our travels, enjoyable green curry and noodles were excellent as well we all enjoyed our food and would go back to try more things on the menu, 
We visited Messet Dar for a Sunday lunch. We had a lovely table and the service was great! However the food we found was a very mixed bag! We loved the halloumi with pesto and scallops. However the pork cheek came with cold mash potato which wasn't necessarily pleasant to eat. The chicken stir fry cones had two tiny pieces in the bottom. The worst was by far the black squid rice, it came last which meant that it had nothing to mix it with. I feel like I would give it another try with a new menu as clearly they do produce good food just didn't experience that with our selection.  
After reading such rave reviews about this restaurant, I was really looking forward to our visit. When we arrived we had to wait near the entrance almost hovering over other diners. There are tables either side of the restaurant then tables for 2 in a line over what might be a natural walkway. Everything is quite close. We were seated after a few minutes and our coats taken. Our table was right by the bar and telephone. The decor is eclectic and I am not sure that it works. Some wood panelling but not particularly Thai style, multicoloured flashing LED icicles hanging all around the restaurant and one side has large lightbulb shaped light fittings. The restaurant was busy and the service was a little slow. That said the staff were warm and friendly. There was 'elevator' music in the background, but what disturbed me the most was the constant trilling of the telephone. Not just a ring ring. The same annoying ring that my home phone has. It was constant. The restaurant is obviously popular for takeaway, and from our vantage point close to the counter there was a busy stream of people perching on the adjacent tables waiting. This was a little distracting. We both had the soup starter (I think mine was Tom Yum Hed). It was nice enough, but not particularly fragrant or anything to write home about. I had a veggie dish of Aubergine and the coconut rice. Again, nothing unpleasant about it but to me it was lacklustre for a Thai meal. I also had the banana fritters and ice cream for dessert. The fritters were nice enough but the ice cream was definitely from the cheaper end of the spectrum. However, I suppose at £3.95 you get what you pay for. I love Thai food, think Thai Square is overrated but by comparison to this would give them 4/5, and particularly like Suk Suran in Wimbledon which offers light, delicate, flavourful food. So where I would give Suk Suran 5/5 for food, 4/5 for value (its not cheap) and 3-4/5 for service, by comparison I rate this as 3/5 for food, 4/5 for value and 5/5 for service. What I did observe here however, was many regulars warmly welcomed, and lots of smiles from the staff, so what it lacked in some areas it did make up for with friendliness. It is possible I am more fussy these days, as nights out are rare (due to babysitter costs), so I really want to enjoy the moment. I wouldn't rush back here, but plenty of the people of Barnes seem happy with it, so who am I to argue? All I would say is, if you love Thai and want to try something really exceptional, go to Suk Suran in Wimbledon. It is gourmet Thai dining. 
Tasty food but not very special - the lunch box is quite small and not particularly good value I thought. The restaurant was a bit quiet at lunch time on a weekend, so maybe it was lacking atmosphere which impacted my experience. The service was a bit lacklustre and I just didn't feel like the food blew my mind. I have had much better Thai food in 101 Thai Kitchen in London. 
As far as a local Thai restaurant goes this is good. It would be unfair to suggest this is 'very good' as there is nothing particular that stands out and certainly nothing that has the 'wow' factor. 
stops serving at 10pm which is perhaps a little early. little crowded and stuffy, but food good and staff very attentive 
By reading other reviews I was expecting more!! I think that was the Main problem ( they had a lot to live up to ) but have had better and has been a better price , They did get my order a little muddled up and was not as hot as I would have liked . 
The staff are amazing friendly. I first time me and my partner tried Awesome we were blown away by everything. If i was writing this last year it would be 5 star but for some reason the food does not seem as good as it once was? Everyone I recommended Awesome to and loved it last year have also shared the same view. It's still good but i can't recommend it till the food gets back to what it was last year. Will try again maybe in 6 months to see if it's back to normal and give a better review. 
Another meal at Dar last night. It is one of our favourite local restaurants and we've enjoyed all our meals there...until yesterday.  
I had high expectations of this restaurant as I had been to Mezzet many times. It was under whelming . We had a few starters which were over cooked and very salty ( tapanade). The main tapas was very poor. All the food tasted deep fried and very uninspiring. No sparkling water, expensive wine . We sat at the back on hard seats. Expensive on top of that. 
Went on a Saturday night and based on the reviews was looking forward to it. What did we experience? Perfectly pleasant service in perfectly pleasant surroundings. But the food? Meh would be generous. The spring rolls tasted exactly the same as the ones you get in Saibsburys, so did the sweet chilli sauce for that matter. The Tom yum wasn't bad but the fish in pandan leaf (one of the chef specials) was actually rather repulsive - too soft and mushy so very unpleasant to eat.  
Went for lunch thought it was average as starters were very good but main was cold. Ok tho defo not 5 star service 
I had high hopes based on the fantastic reviews but left disappointed. The food is definitely tasty but not exceptional, and there are better Thai restaurants in London. The portions were also small for the price. My main dish, a Thai classic, was starter-sized, and was pretty stingy on the meat content. The hosts are very friendly and the place is nice... Can't fault that... Maybe I had the wrong dish, but I can't see what all the fuss is about. 
I had been before to this Thai restaurant soon after it opened, and had been a bit underwhelmed by the food.  
Sought this place out based on the trip advisor community making it the no. 1 Thai in London. It isn't. Nothin was so bad it was worthy of complaint, it just really wasn't good. Menu quite uninspiring (and physically hard to read!), King prawns and rice were bland, Chicken in cashew nuts gloopy akin to a Chinese version. To finish things of, the slow return door takes forever to shut, and when the delivery guy is in and out like a yoyo, and it's snowing outside, it's freezing inside too! Service was good (if you are used to being timeslot managed as a lot of thai places do!). 
It is clearly brave to call yourself something like “Gino’s Excellent Italian” because it can only raise expectations. And this is not awesome in any way that contemporary parlance implies. Nice people but very average Thai food. The starters are rough and the main courses standard to low end fayre. And it is not a bargain. No return is planned. If you are hungry for lunch go to Arte Chef 50 metres down the street. 
Boded well. Clean, reasonably busy. Good TripAdvisor rating. Service was indifferent and that is being kind. Of the two front of house staff the man was borderline rude...almost like we were doing him a favour, (the woman was as one would hope, welcoming and engaging). Drinks served. Beer exceptionally cold so things looked on the up. Started off with a chicken satay (x2) for each of the kids...delicious. Green mango salad...no chilli kick at all, no flavour that suggested fresh punchy Thai flavours I had wanted; massively disappointed. Main course came. Kids wanted chicken noodles; got chicken with rice. I remember the guy took the order with no pad. Fine if you get it right, but risking too much and it was a simple order, and I sent it back only to have to face some incredulity that it was me (or the children that were wrong). As it happened we kept it because they were too hungry and didn’t want to wait for the noodles. As for the dish...bland, no freshness or zing. That pretty much described my dish too. I ordered beef with chilli...no chilli, no robust flavours that had been anyway near a Thai flavour dictionary. Just couldn’t be bothered to make any comment when asked in a cursory manner if the food was ‘ok’. It was ok...but only ok. I asked the kids if they would come back. A resounding ‘no’. One from me too. Thai101 on King Street kicks this place into touch; out of the stadium in fact. A good sauce from the supermarket beats it too. Onto other establishments to spend my money. Won’t be back here anytime soon. Shame. I prefer local places, but will steer clear when looking for somewhere next time.  
Good for cocktails & little snacks , friendly atmosphere, bit expensive, but good for quick snacks & cocktails  
We had the seven course tasting menu which was okay, not really blown away by it. 
Been recommended by a friend. Food was ok.... average. Been to better restaurants In The area which are more value for 
Eaten and enjoyed the Tudor Room since it’s first inception.  
Went for a birthday meal with my wife. Had tried 9 months back for a special occasion but had to cancel last minute so was really looking forward 
After reading reviews and mention in Times we gave it a try.  
Well, the truth is I 'quite' liked it. If someone said they had booked it, I would happily go back and eat there, but I wouldn't book it again myself. 
Our pizzas were nothing special and the drinks were quite expensive. Service was just all right. It is a very cosy place to have dinner with family and friends.  
Well the food in here is okay. Nothing particularly special about it as is normal Italian chain food fayre. However there is nothing wrong with it for a moderately priced place out for a quick meal. 
Nice menu and good location. Staff are not very knowledgeable though. Food is tasty and they do a good breakfast- only criticism is that they should train their staff on menu descriptions and then would be a five star review 
The service was poor for the price of the food. The food is definitely great, but it took about an hour to arrive. Some of the dishes are surprisingly small (salads!). Good food but not second place is Uxbridge.  
Table for four this evening, service and attention was excellent from the staff. Drinks were reasonable value, other than paying nearly £3 for a Diet Coke. Food let it down. My pasta marinara had 5 tiny muscles, 3 prawns and a squid ring, complemented by lots of over tomatoey spaghetti. It wasn’t that tasty, other than the tomato. Other dishes were also not overly flavoursome. Place was clean and tidy with good loos and as I said, really nice staff, but I wouldn’t recommend it for the food.  
Meal was good and staff very helpful and polite although thin on the ground and under pressure. Background music was a little bit too loud for my liking but didn't seem to bother other diners.Not my best dining experience but it was very busy so obviously appealed to a large number of people including families. 
We went on Saturday afternoon and asked for the Italian Feast menu which the Deputy Manager brought. We placed our order with the waiter who quite rudely said "who gave you this menu?" Long story short - the menu wasn't on offer at that time, but we said that as we had been given the menu by a Manager they should have honoured it. They didn't. There were about half a dozen tables if that, taken, but the food was left on the pass while a group of three waiters huddled down one end chatting. They were all quite rude, including the Manager and for the first time ever I think, we didn't leave a tip. I have given Bella Italia feedback, as our experience was spoiled. Won't be going back to this branch. Windsor, our local is brilliant. 
Good food but, appalling service.When the waiter first arrived at the table to take the order, he was distracted by his manger and left the table to speak to him on the other side of the restaurant, ten minutes later he finally returned. Thereafter it was a constant battle to get his attention, it became apparent that on several occasions he totally forgot about what tables he was serving!!  
My husband and I got married at Great Fosters in August 2016 so this is a very special place for us. We booked a romantic dinner at the Tudor Room as a special treat for my birthday. 
The service on a Sunday was terrible, I was told it’s a 45 minute wait. The waiter we had is very rude and ignorant, I felt he provided no professional customer service. Food was lovely, but the service is rubbish.  
Not sure this was a bad day, but this place was so noisy it was unpleasant. Location is good. People very nice. Food decent, but without being the best Italian food ever. Noise level terrible. All in all not bad but not very good. Fix the noise.  
We had high expectations of this place, and really wanted to like it. 
Average food in my opinion and far too slow service for early on a Tuesday evening. Having more than one person serving would have helped. 
Seen this on internet, and gave it a try , got served by a Irish girl who knew nothing about the menu or the food.we picked a chicken tikka masala and a lamb Biryani . We did order starters but they were forgot about , the Mains came , chicken biryani not lamb Biryani then the starters came ,it was funny ,comedic , food was ok ,average , , lot of improvement needed in mass methinks 
Read the reviews of this place and was looking forward to my friend's birthday meal. The Dosa's were superb but my Chicken Malabar was quite bland and un-interesting, so I was a bit disappointed. Service was excellent though. 
After reading the TA reviews, I expected more. In all honesty, I’d read about Little Mumbai down the road and when I went it was rammed or reserved tables - so I continued to Kochi as the reviews also seemed pretty good. 
Had a takeaway here earlier this week and was not up to their usual standards - watery soup-like sauces and that included the tadka dhal. A real disappointment.  
We had quite a nice meal but pretty average and there is no way this is number 3 in Richmond. Pasta was well cooked but otherwise all flavours very average. Wine also very average but draught Morreti was nice. 
I ordered a delivery/takeaway for the first time from Kochi at 7.45pm...it arrived at 9.30pm and we only live half a mile away! I had been told that we could expect a 40minute wait which is pretty normal but had to chase twice to find out where our food was. This, and the fact that no apology whatsoever was offered was a real shame as the food was very good...if a little cold by the time it arrived. If it hadn't been for the really long wait and the impolite bloke on the phone I'd probably have given 5 stars. 
We used to live in Southall with its predominantly North Indian and Pakistani population and restaurants to match, and really loved the foods. Having moved, a few years later we went to a Kerala restaurant in Twickenham, and we now more generally will seek out South Indian food. Sadly the restaurant (Pallavi) in Twickenham went out of business - the pizza shop next door caught fire and Pallavi’s premises were damaged, causing them to cease trade for almost a year and from which they never recovered. 
We were really looking forward to our meal here after reading reviews, but were left a little disappointed.  
I went to The Green Dragon today after having read all these great reviews. The pub itself is really nice and there is free parking. The staff were friendly and helpful too. However, the Sunday lunch itself was a disappointment. I had the pork belly roast lunch. The portions were small and the meal was quite bland. My wife had the beef roast, and she also said that it was quite bland. For £16.95 I would have expected better quality and a decent portion size for a Sunday roast. The total bill for 6 adults and 2 children was £233 including service. 
Normally excellent, but unfortunately the pork belly was overcooked and difficult to cut, let alone eat, even with a steak knife. Such a shame. Would stress though that it's usually excellent. 
When Cochi first opened I was told they were the same restaurant group as the sadly missed Pahlavi, which became the Ragam 2. These were superb South Indian restaurants and I'd hoped Kochi would continue where they left off. Sadly it has not. 
There is a whole new trend for expensive Pubs - often with the added pretence of, oh dear, being a Gastropub - offering a slew of beers that you’ve never heard of at prices you certainly wished you hadn’t...if this place isn’t tied, as in a free house, I’d suggest 4.75 for a pint of draft cider is bordering on greed. While there is no single explanation for the demise of the great British Pub a pricing policy like this doesn’t help... 
Visited 3.30 Sunday. Obviously at the end of the Sunday lunchtime rush.  
Just had Sunday Lunch with my friends and I feel very disappointed. I’d booked for 2pm and when we arrived we were introduced to ‘our waitress’ who would look after us. After sitting for 30 minutes I called somebody to take a drinks order and 30 mins later did the same to get somebody to take our food order. The lady who came laughed and said ‘your being forgotten as your tucked away in the corner !’ I was by the window and was kept busy swatting bluebottles much to the amusement of my friends ! 
Ordered steamed momos and chicken chow noodles. Momos were nice specially there 5 different sauces with them and noodles was not bad as well but the chicken doesn’t tasted fresh so just 3 stars.  
Three of us had lunch this week, and although they were not busy the service was poor. Meals were ok but when it came to ordering a sweet I had to find someone to take our order. It was the same when we wanted the bill and to pay it, no one around. It’s a good size pub so no idea how they would cope when busy. 
We had a quick - 1 hour, family meal here, 5 main courses, 2 desserts, 1 bottle of wine - £160. They added £15 tip. The food was good, my family enjoyed their steaks very much. The fish and chips was apparently very good. I was disappointed with the vegetarian main as it was all deep fried and very sickly. It was the only option and I wouldn’t eat it again. Staff were efficient, friendly and the service was quick, we did feel adding £15 tip was excessive, given we were there with our family and were in and out in one hour. Nice place would consider returning.  
Arrived for a quick lunch with friend. Firstly I have to say, i didn't enjoy the slightly medicinal smell. This could be easily overlooked, however no one then came to offer me a seat until I walked through the pub a couple of times to catch some attention. The staff seemed stressed and it was all a bit underwhelming.  
Called in on a Thursday at the very end of lunch servage. Partner enjoyed wild boar and apple sausage. Peppered steak pie was excellent but strangely served with chips - actually French fries. I would have been happier with a side order or say carrots or a green veg. 
Did not book table, this restaurant wants you to reserve and if you haven’t you cannot sit where you like even if it’s not reserved. Food good if fish, not good if it’s a burger (very poor quality). Very bad fries, suggest they change the oil they cook with. Will not return here very arrogant owners. 
I come here every so often for lunch and dinner but this was the first time for a Sunday lunch. 
I visited here with my friend for a quick Sunday lunch. We only had a starter with a side for lunch as we were in a rush. The food and service were good although we left quickly as a birthday party arrived and it was hard to have a conversation when they arrived. Would go back again though 
Excellent lamb and beef, veggies and potatoes perfectly cooked and plenty of everything, but 2 starters, 5 mains, 2 desserts and 6 drinks for £165? This is Barnet, not Hampstead and nice as it was this is by some way the most expensive Sunday lunch in the Barnet area. Will probably not be returning. 
My family and I went for a Sunday roast  
When we booked for this Taster Menu I anticipated lots of small samplings. It seems strange to say it was just too much, but it was! Lots of meat, a rather peculiar patty that looked like raw minced pork, two large helpings of different pasta, two fish dishes, roast pork and potatoes, a mushroom dish, meatballs, pudding. I gave up on the third of the nine courses. Would have much preferred smaller portions of a more delicate nature. Vegetable fans beware - they are thin in the ground! 
If you close your eyes half way and listen carefully you might think you can hear your Venetian aunt shouting 'il cibo è suk tavolo' ... But it's an impersonator, it's not real.  
We have had some really good food at the Green Dragon before but last night it all went wrong.Due to the snow the chef couldn't be there and the kitchen would just be offering the week menu.There was only 1 special and the burger we ordered was not "pink" but more "hard" and dry. 
Unfortunately this place did not meet expectations. Most of the courses were nice if a bit erratic in the way they came out of the kitchen. A couple of things stood out as good - the prawns and scallops. The meat balls were very average. The suckling pig was dry. There were 2 pasta courses for some reason which was a bit much. Dessert was a very small amount of soft fruit with a sugary syrup. Very expensive for what it was and don't like places that ask for £20 per head deposit. Michelin starred restaurants don't do this. There is no wine list to choose from and they don't like serving wines by the glass or half bottle as was apparent by the attitude of the woman serving us. 
visited here for a friends birthday dinner .most of the things we choose from the menu were not availabl.in the end we asked the nice waiter to tell us what was actually available which was pretty standard pub food with restaurant prices `.  
Al Boccon is a very homely cosy friendly restaurant. 
Visited for a birthday meal. Quite pricey , nice food though. Benches are very awkward to sit in as very tight  
I was really looking forward to go and try, and so I did with my wife. I don’t know how to define it because there were some really good things and some others were not so nice. For instance: the place is tiny, so you are really close to other costumers and a little bit cramped. This is quite embarrassing because you are overhearing all their conversation even if you don’t want to. The meal lasts more than three hours, which doesn’t make any sense at all but selling bottles of wine (I honestly think this must be the only reason). Some of the plates are there just to fill the time, but they make no sense and are quite bland. You don’t know what are you going to eat, which I’m not sure it’s something good or not. Most of the food on average is good, but any of the plates we tried had the wow factor. At the end you are served a lot of dishes, so I wouldn’t say it’s expensive. They clearly make money with the wine. The staff is nice. Maybe it’s one of those places to give it a go and if you enjoy the experience repeat. Unfortunately this is not my case.  
We have been here several times for lunch as they do a set menu and never been disappointed. However today was not the best , we ordered our food and staff were friendly as always. The starters were nice but sadly the mains were below normal standard especially the minute steak which was chewy and had a strange flour coating , managed to eat half of it but left the rest. The plates were taken away and we were asked if everything was ok with the food, it was mentioned that the steak was not the best, the gentleman shrugged and walked off...never to be seen again . Hopefully this is just a blip as it wasn't what we are used to here . 
The first impression is poor as the car park is unkept and the paintwork shabby. There is a £9.95 midweek lunchtime menu with good choices, but spoiled by the best options on this menu plus the specials having a supplement. 
The car park of this pub on the side I parked on was almost full so I was expecting a full pub but it was almost empty so why has everyone parked up? People were standing in the car park talking and sitting in cars...weird! 
It's okay. No phone signal can be annoying. Would be nice to have free wifi. There should be a separate room for women that laugh loudly!. 
The menu here is mainly English with some fish dishes. I had the crab and mussels. The mussels weren't the largest but to be honest we both ate a three course lunch with wine and it came to £50 including a £5 tip. Great value for money as the food and service was super. 
We ate at the Green Dragon on a Monday when it was the fixed price menu. It is a la carte at an inexpensive cost for 2 courses. Steaks and desserts are extra. The atmosphere was warming and friendly. Service was good. The menu was basic, wholesome food. I had fish and chips. Fish batter was soggy and not crisp, fat chips were good. My wife had a steak, which was good. Our friends both had the steak pie, which they said was lovely. The ladies had desserts, which was plentiful and tasted good. We had a nice bottle of wine at a reasonable price. All in all it was good night. We will come again. 
Very welcoming host(s) and the atmosphere vibrant and fun - even a violinist performing in-between courses prompting song and cheer in the restaurant. Many courses are served which started off excellently (cured meats with olive oil, bruschetta, roast artichokes and courgettes and lovely breads) but as the various courses were served, the quality as the evening progressed became notably poor with one course being "sausage and beans" akin to school canteen food / slop!  
The food was very good but no draft beer expensive bottle lager the staff was very friendly. But it is not very American diner inside, the walls are full of one dollar notes with a few pictures of USA this does not give you a American diner experience no 50 and 60s music if there was very quiet no booths no neon pink lighting no juke box, these things are what you expect 
Maybe it was because I had such high expectations after reading all of the reviews but I was very disappointed after my trip to Madison's. The service and atmosphere were good but unfortunately the food can only be described as mediocre at best. The food was either bland or relying on spice that was simply very hot rather than flavoursome, it was also obvious that the guacamole and salsa were not homemade. I will say that the meat did seem of very good quality. It’s a shame as I really wanted to like this little family run restaurant but I will not be returning. 
This review may divide the countless people who have dined here and written glowing reviews. However, it is all about personal experience and mine was not as expected. Firstly the restaurant is very small and when we went as a large group on a hot evening it was stifling, cramped and that did not start the evening off well. 
I booked a table on a Saturday night here. They were obviously short staffed and it was quite busy, but they had ran out of hot wings at 20:15 on a Saturday night. We waited over an hour for our starters and they were just average,absolutely nothing special about them at all. Very nice staff and very helpful. I will be trying Madison's again though. Hopefully next time they will have some hot wings. 
luckily my daughter had booked well in advance as you have to do. we were seated at 7 pm and the whole restaurant was served at the same time .the courses just kept coming.One taste delight after another absolutely fabulous .This meal would rate right up with the best food I have tasted.It was supreme.There is no menu and everybody gets the same courses .Make sure you don't have any food before hand as this was a substantial meal of Italian at its very best.A truly gastronomical delight.Very friendly staff and highly recommended 
This is somewhere we have been about 4 times, and it's become progressively more disappointing every time. The owner is a pretty arrogant guy, and although the rest of the staff try to be as friendly as possible, it's clear that they're all pretty much terrified. 
Dont get the rave reviews, just go to your favorite small family run Italian restaurant and order 4 times more than you can and ask them to surprise you....very average, and expensive 
Nice food but didn't appreciate being told they needed our table in 30 mins! albeit we finished our meal 
Went for my 9 yr old sons birthday so they knew it was going to be louder than usual as we took 4 of his friends . The whole time my child and his friends wee asked to be quiet, which I didn't like as they knew it was a party booking. The food was ok but nothing special. 
service excellent from start to finish. However it is definitely a case of quantity rather than quality and I hate waste! Found the sight of so much food immediately reduced my appetite. Lovely ambience, but please give people an option over portion size! Also give some thought to the quality as steak overcooked. 
My GF and I recently dined here having read numerous reviews on TripAdvisor. We both agreed that it didn't quite meet our expectations, but admittedly, it struck us as the type of restaurant that might perform better on another night. The food was plentiful, and around 8/9 dishes were delivered sporadically throughout the evening. Some were entirely forgettable and bland, with others really hitting the mark (boar pasta was as close to how my grandmother used to make it as I've tasted in any Italian restaurant). The main attraction, roasted suckling pig, was served dry with confit potatoes, which was bordering on unpleasant. The atmosphere was a little subdued, which is the gamble that you take with a small restaurant like this, as we had hoped for the livelier 'cooking at home with mama and the family' style of dining any good Italian restaurant should capture. I'd like to hope that we caught them on an off night, as the fixed menu/communal dining concept is a good one, when delivered consistently, 
Very prompt and cheerful service. 
The food wasn't bad, but I'm really surprised this restaurant is voted as Bromley's #1 on trip advisor. Staff were nice, if not a little too attentive. Food, in my mind, was average, but that could be because I'm spoilt for choice living in London for this kind of restaurant. I wouldn't return if in the area. 
Firstly I want to say we had a good evening at Al Boccon but that was mostly due to being with good friends and defiantly not the food ! This place sells itself on no menu you eat what they choose which is a great idea if you're not a fussy eater .... It would have helped if everytime a course was put in front of you they told you what it was but no ... We had 3 pasta courses in a row and I had no idea what any of the sauces were .The food was ok at best nothing special.Would I go back ? No - There are much better places to eat in Richmond. 
After reading this place was listed as number 1 place to eat in bromley we decided to book a table for 7:30 on a Friday night. The food was lovely, albeit the potato skins (which could have had a bit longer in the oven) but very generous portions and nice tasting food. However, we weren't actually shown to our seats until 8:20 and were told to stand and order a drink (or three!) at the bar whilst we waited for the table. I felt they lacked a sincere apology about this and it was only after 30minutes that they addressed us waiting and told us it wouldn't be long. The main meal was pretty slow at coming out and the waitress did apologise and let us know there were two tables ahead of us, which we appreciated her honesty. If it wasn't for us being amongst people we had just met, and the conversation flowing (thankfully) I would have mentioned something at the time. However looking back I feel the manager could have at least given us some free soft drinks or some sort of gesture for having to wait 50 minutes to be seated at a table we booked! We were there for 3 and a half hours and didn't even have dessert. 
Was a last minute decision to go and as usual the staff where charming and couldn't do enough for us. The food was nice and there was plenty of it , the only criticism is its abut pricey for what it is baring in mind the location. 
Great staff, very welcoming and efficient, but the restaurant is small and bit dark, the table tops have all been coated with a green gloss paint like you would see in a dodgy pub. I high expectations for the food after being recommended Madison by a friend, but my wagu burger was greasy and had a mushy consistency, while my partners fajitas were nothing special. No draft larger, no milkshakes. Obviously highly rated by the locals, probably for for happy hour cocktails and the nice staff... but if you want a good burger go to Byron, much better. 
We have eaten here regularly but not too frequently over the last several years. It is always a noisy fun experience particularly for the first visit. 
We have eaten here quite a few times but not since May. 
An unusual menu, this place is always packed, so no good for claustrophobes! Charming, eccentric waiting staff navigate a surprising menu and very little space with a big smile and a lot of warmth. 
Food - The potato skins starter was a good starter, not too big and decent-quality. For the main, I made the foolish mistake of trying the OMG Burger, which is FAR bigger than the menu description suggested! It was essentially 1 8oz patty in a bun, on top of a bacon-topped bun with another 8oz patty and a chicken breast, along with a LOT of mushrooms. I got no more than 2/3rds of the way through before giving up, and that was without touching the salad and chips (which were both much bigger than the normal portions). Must admit that the couple of chips I did have weren't the greatest, but there weren't any complaints from the rest of the table. The burger patties were OK but not up to the standard of places like Byron. 
We went for a Mother's Day lunch because some of our party fancied a burger and the reviews had been quite good. The restaurant probably looks better in the evening - it was quite dark in the middle of the day. We had main courses only (we were too full for dessert!) and the whole table rated their food as 'nice' but not out of this world. Personally I had the burrito and given how massive the burgers were this was a small portion - bulked out by a million chips! It was great tasting - just not enough of the core meal.  
we chose Madison at bromley to celebrate my daughters 18th birthday . Very friendly atmosphere , having booked for 35 people with a £5 deposit per person so £175 deposit was paid in which will be deducted from the food bill . Unfortunately 7 of our party had illness and were unable to attend the evening .Well this was good for all of us that did attend, as we would have been crammed like sardines, !! We had already informed the restaurant that morning 4 will not be attending for the evening . The friendly staff removed the over spill of folding chairs and the 2 seeter table on the end !! Which the restaurant did fill with other customers . Very disappointed with the entertainment which we were very much looking forward to !! Much more disappointment when paying the bill of £1500 they would not waiver the deposits for the 7 that were ill !! Amazing after they had actually put other customers on the table, and with our huge drinks bill and 10% service charge they obviously needed the £35 !! We would NOT book this venue again for a special occasion . 
I booked a XMAS Work Meal here, food was good, atmosphere was good, drinks had to be charged per table rather than per person, then the next day, found a 10% service charge that I hadn't known about on everything, leaving me well out of pocket, contacted Restaurant, who said this was non refundable on XMAS Meals for more than 6 persons, our party was 19, left a bad taste and ruined an enjoyable evening... 
Had a delicious meal with friends having booked an outdoor table because of COVID19. However, our waitress didn't wear her mask pulled up properly when she was right next to us, serving drinks and food, and also we had to queue to pay inside the pub building as apparently there isn't enough signal outside for the card machine to work. Maybe that could be addressed? 
Good food with generous portions, and reasonably priced. However, too much on the down side: the music was way too loud to hold a conversation, we had to wait half an hour to be seated as someone else was still using our table (that had been booked well in advance), the waiter was over-friendly to start with but we were later not offered dessert menus or even coffee - the waiter had become the "live music entertainment" by this time, plus over half the restaurant was being used by an 18th birthday party. I'm sure they all had a wonderful time, but we felt ignored. Might give it another go mid-week, but a Friday night was not good for a catch up with old friends. 
Staying at the nearby Hilton and called in here for a Takeaway. It's a bit dim and miserable looking inside, but the Staff are friendly  
This is the top voted restaurant in Windsor on TripAdvisor; that really surprises me. It is not even the best Turkish I have had in the last 12 months. Shame because I have wanted to come here for ever.  
Good family restaurant. Upbeat atmosphere. The staff are the big upside. Super attentive and friendly.  
I’ve been wanting to go to this place for such a long time and finally got to try the food.  
We went there as a special treat for my partners birthday. Went based on reviews on here. But to be honest felt very let down. I can’t knock the grilled food. It was fresh. Cooked and seasoned well. But that was it. The house wine was very expensive. The starters were horrendously expensive. Over £7 for a cold slice of cheese. The decor was very plain. More coffee shop. Over £60. For a meal for two and 1 drink each. Food was ok. So go. But don’t have high hopes. Basically as a dining experience..... it was bad. If you check my review a Turkish in Ipswich. You will tell the difference.  
Not sure why so highly rated. 
Restaurant was full with families and friends, but atmosphere was quiet, could've done with some music. They were slow to serve but friendly and helpful when they did. Food was tasty but very basic, I had the chicken and lamb mixed shish, 3 cubes of chicken, 3 lamb, a pile of iceberg lettuce, 1 tomato cut in half and some bulgar wheat. I have been to Turkish grill restaurants previously and there was bread and dips and dressing on the salad, and chillis etc much more exciting. We had the shared starter which was pricey for what we got. It was pleasant but not amazing. 
Arrived 2030! Offered a main meal only! Owner had a long day! Come all the way from Germany and very disappointed! So sacked it! Not customer service at all!! Especially closing so early on a Saturday night  
This was a last minute stop after a walk through Windsor, the reviews looked amazing and to be fair some of the food was pretty tasty, however we weren't overly impressed to have our starters before our drinks had arrived. Although the restaurant was very quiet we still seemed to have a fair wait for any of our food. We ordered an extra side of rice to accompany the meal, but it was under cooked, had no flavour and tasted like it had come straight from a microwave packet, so we returned that promptly and it was removed from our bill. Also no complimentary dips as we've had at other Turkish restaurants. Overall a quiet atmosphere and the food was nice. Probably wouldn't return as there are many other restaurants in Windsor to try. 
Basic service basic decor 60 ponds for three food ok but have had better owner went to great lengths to tell us how long he has been there si maybe should have been better oh well 
kebab and brass have been nice. Salad and turkish bread disappointing, cannot be compared the original in Turkey. Much dough and few pawn.... 
Ate here on Tuesday evening 25th June. Service good and very helpful. Food good without being exceptional. Vegetable meze tasty. Main course tasty very tender lamb but chicken a little bland but tender 
Well, here is a case of Tripadvisor being a less than trusted friend. Went with a friend to Wembley for the England/Lithuania football match, and expecting eating in Wembley to be busy, phoned to book. We were the only customers. The owner, Mr Young, was affable and welcoming, as was the other member of staff on the floor. The owner recommended the set menu, which was just about OK. Tasty enough, but both of us had bad headaches afterwards and felt less than 100%. Didn't think to ask whether/ how much MSG was in the food. We had two beers each, but were presented with a bill for 6 at the end. Queried it, and the bill was amended.  
Have eaten in the past and very good cantonese cuisine however very sad to realise only open on Wembley Stadium event days. 
I would say this is overpriced for what you get. Service not that brilliant really and struggling to understand this is no 3 in Windsor.  
With this being one of the top rated independent restaurants in the Wembley area, it is a place I have been meaning to come for some time. I was unable to get a table last year though, but I had more success this year. I left with a mixed opinion about the place as while some of the food was good, some of it was also bad. There were some inconsistencies as the sauces were the best part of the meal for the starter, but for the main courses one tasted like vinegar while another was far too salty. The meat used in the main courses was also very cheap and processed, which meant that it didn't seem like meat at all. The duck, which preceded this, was proper meat though, which again meant that there were inconsistencies. Despite the food being all over place, things ended on a high with dessert, which was by far the best thing here. The value here is definitely the worst thing about the place as, based on the quality of the ingredients, you don't receive anywhere near your money's worth. The desserts are also overpriced as, despite their quality, you don't get enough for your money. 
We ordered some beef, pork and chicken, plus some soup. It was very obvious there was lots if MSG in the sauces accompanying the meat. The soup was fine. My wife had an immediate allergic reaction. 
Food was okay. Basic dishes are okay the rice did not seem very fresh. Sweet and sour chicken was not in batter which was a bit annoying. Wouldn't go back despite kind management and attentive waitress. 
I was recommended this resturant for being a quiet, with family abeince, how ever it was ruined by a family with four young brats parents made no attempt to control them.The whole experience was ruined . There were other customers were aiso consered on the next table. did get an sort of apology but not good enough. Also there is a 10 percent charge which is slow.Overall good but could try harder. 
We have been to this restaurant twice and have always loved the food. Its at the higher end of price and the quantity is small of servings but the food is absolutely delicious. They do need to work on their service a little and it gets quite HOT specially as the kitchen is right there. Its not wheelchair accessible so thats an issue. The dishes they offer are unique and the owner can 'sometimes' be very helpful if hes in the mood :) 
We came here as the reviews from trip advisor were so good.  
I’m not sure all the reviews on here are genuine, with the rating given we expected a better experience. The service was very good, but some of the food could have been better. Three of us hardly ate any of our main course, but no comment was made by the staff. We wouldn’t go back again. 
I had a lovely dinner with friends here. I chose a meal and asked about an ingredient which I was told wasn’t in there. Unfortunately it was and I had an allergic reaction later with my tongue swelling.  
One of my favourite restaurants but has been disappointing the last 2 or 3 visits;wrong orders(my party and another group same night);plus waited 1 hour after ordering to be served after mix up with other groups order;the food which is normally wonderful was just average which is not how I would have described Sensi;s food;left me wondering if they have a stand in chef or change in the kitchen. 
We went for a family dinner looking for god Turkish food. The Meze starters were good as were the prawns. The lentil soup , Moussaka was very average. My dish came quite late as they forgot to cook it. Im a fairly chilled person, so I wasn’t particularly fussed about that. However, the chips were half baked and the fish a little burnt. I wasn’t going to complain, but just saying as it is. Overall it has a good family feel, the service is attentive even if a little laid back. 
Food was not bad but a bit pricy to be honest. Four of us spent £110 for lunch. Personally I don’t feel it is worth the money. 
Broccoli was disappointing for £4.50. Was something I could have cooked easily myself. It said the broccoli was sauteed in the menu but it seemed only steamed or boiled. Mushroom fricassée was nice. Potatoes weren't very crispy. The two sides werent any better than what I could prepare at home myself which was a shame as they cost a lot more. 
Right before I begin let’s set the record straight. I’m not some big munter who expects a sheep to be served on my plate. I’m a medium portion kinda guy ! 
Good food, bad service, and dirty place... 
First visit to Voujon and not overly impressed! Perhaps due to the great reviews? 
The rice was ok and for nearly £12 they gave us just 3 pieces of meat - there was just a bit of meat on the bone. Definitely not worth £12 !! 
We had a decent meal but paid handsomely for it. I would not say that the quality of the food was anything much above average. The restaurant is also on the small size and was very noisy. We came close to shouting to make ourselves heard. One thing that is in its favour is the service which was very good! 
Are you suffering a nut allergy? Stay away. Otherwise, you will be prompted to choose between mash and salad though steak is why people pop in. Apparently the chef slaps everything into a nut-soaked oil they cook with. 
Starters were Not as expected but main course was delicious. Drinks were good. Service provided excellent and taken care of customer  
We decided to go for a meal one Saturday as the trip advisor reviews looked good and fancied a change. 
This restaurant is in the middle of the country-side and was packed on a Friday night. 
The environment of the restaurant is ok, wood and dark lights which create some effect. The meat was great but the starters were bad-worst than the ones in a pub! The calamari overpriced, yet frozen with horrible egg flavour... 
I’ve been using the Voujon since it opened and I’ve always had a fantastic meal. Last night however I was extremely disappointed. 
First visit and unlikely to return...ordered the sharing steaks for three...nearly 90 pounds for four fair sized steaks dumped on the table and left to serve ourselves off a plate. Surely someone should be there to serve up/explain/present the food. Standard of the meat was good but hardly an enjoyable experience..disappointing  
We often visit your restaurants this is the 2nd time they tried to charge us full price when there was an offer of 2 for 1 on the main courses when we had 2 starters is this a coincidence? 
I am not sure I can concur with some of the rave reviews for The Voujon.  
Arrived to a virtually empty restaurant at 1300 on a Friday. 
After our favourite steak restaurant closed down.. We needed to find another and decided on one close to our hotel as opposed to in the centre. 
This was one of those occasions I wondered if we'd come to the right restaurant. After reading the reviews on here, I had high expectations. 
Overall a positive experience, the food was good at a fair price. Nice atmosphere, most the staff friendly. The waiter that served us seemed to want to rush us at every opportunity. Not much time to order with only 3 menus for 8 people. They did however make it mostly pleasurable for my wife who’s birthday it was. One steak was very fatty, they did eventually remove it from the bill. The restaurant is ok and I would probably return, some of the staff do need customer facing training. 
I am a huge fan of Dosa's and it is hard to find a decent local place. I saw that these were on the menu so ordered them. I was disappointed, although the sambal was lovely (stingy portion though) the dosa was so greasy that I could taste the fat! The semolina pudding was good though, took me back to my childhood. 
Food was very basic and nothing to get excited over  
Good location and food fairly priced. 
A rather stereotypical steak House nothing more or less. The interior is dark and has a cowboy theme. If you like steak you will have no problem here. The menu does however, have a range of additional items. We went with steak and they were well cooked but under seasoned for my taste and the sauces lacked punch. Service was good and experience overall was enjoyable. 
My husband and I went there for dinner. The decor was nice and the service was great, very attentive and fast without being pushy. The wine was nice as was the nan bread and the tandoori roti, however both our main meals were quite bland. My husband ordered the garlic chicken, with had no depth of flavour, just garlic, and I ordered a lamb Xacuti which was supposed to be medium so I asked if I could get it hotter as I like my curry spicy and it came up mild not even a bit of spice, so this was a bit disappointing. If they could work on their flavours more this could be a god restaurant. There are better Indian restaurants around. 
My husband and I went on Wednesday evening. I'm 6 months pregnant and ordered my steak medium. The first half of it was but the rest was rare meaning that I couldn't eat it. I mentioned this to our waiter (Giovanni) when he came to collect the plates. Whilst he agreed with me that it was not the usual medium, he didn't do anything to correct the situation. We also felt there was considerable up-selling by the waiting staff which became annoying after a time. 
Food: The fillet steak was excellent. However, everything else was pretty bad including the tasteless prawns, oily side fries, boring wilted salad, chewy chorizo and dry churros. Also, I asked for medium rare and my partner for medium and they were both the same. 
Friendly staff Large portions and food was good Had the Channa, Gobi and paneer Garlic naan was ace. 
When living in Queens, NY, that has a vibrant Nepali dining scene, we became addicted to momos which are a steamed soup dumpling. So, we went on the hunt to find some good ones in London. We found this place and decided to give it a go. The staff was super nice, but the service was slow and a bit chaotic. They were very busy so I hope that was just a one off. We ordered a plate of momos and some Nepalese platters (aka thalis). The flavoring of the meat in the momos was good, but the skin was too thin. The skins broke and all of the delicious juices were lost. The thali was pretty good, but it was missing the green veg found in traditional Nepalese thalis. Also, the lentils were more like the Indian tarka daal instead of the watery brown lentils we’ve had in other Nepalese restaurants. Food was average to good service too slow, so the hunt is still on for good momos in London.  
It wasn’t a planned trip. We used to live in Harrow decades back and we remember when Eastern fire first established how good the venue and the food were that time. when we passed by we stopped and called to check if they have table before walk in. The lady who answered kinda pretended that they were busy and had a long pause then she said she has a table for us. We did walk in with big expectations tbh.  
This place is not bad but it could be better... Meat was really nice and tender but Chimichurri was tasteless and too much Oil in it thats why the lack of flavour...Empanadas were amazing but waitresses a little bit annoying....but the overall experience was not bad.... but very expensive... 
I've been here a number of time: still a great place for a good steak. The menu covers a fair bit of ground, but at the end of the day you come here for the steak... friendly service too, so little to complain about. 
A quaint restaurant with grand decor. Lovely intimate place that was friendly and delivered on charm and service. Despite forgetting to cook one of our main course dishes, the food was delicious.  
In with friends and booked by email which gave us a discount- good start. 
We have ordered several times from Eastern Fire. The food has varied. Typically we enjoy the food, it's well priced, not the most comfortable environment, home delivery has always been good, shame about the added delivery charge despite ordering lots of food! 
Plenty of variety of "snacky" food and main meals if you're looking for a cheap quick meal. Even though spoke to the manager/chef explained didn't want too chilli when Malaysian dish arrived it had extra raw green chilli as well as the rice being chilli ! Tasty food but needed drinks. Plenty of custom so must be doing well in Rayners Lane since the area is full of these snacky café not really a cosy restaurant. Maybe this is what people like in the area but go to the Rayners Tandoori for a more traditional décor and atmosphere. Not keen on places that state they cook Chinese food, as it tends to be Asian style Chinese best to go to a Chinese restaurant. 
The owner is very friendly, extremely proud of his home country and has interesting tales to tell, when he's not busy in the kitchen. The food tend to be on the spicy side, so check when you order, just in case. The noodle dishes were cooked well and has the 'fragrant wok' aroma.  
We went for a meal and were sadly disappointed. The steak was covered in salt and I had to send mine back as I found it inedible, by the time they served a new steak my husband had finished his, not really an ideal situation. The manager handled the situation reasonably well, but suggested I mention I don't like too much salt when ordering, I have never really had too many problems in the past, but I am getting increasingly fed up with restaurants that cook or cover (prior to serving) food in too much salt.  
Always has space for our large family get-togethers! 
Went here a couple of weeks ago for a meal with some friends. After seeing the reviews did think it would be something a bit special but to be honest was just ‘nice’ no wow factor etc. We all felt that the food was very overpriced for what it was and portion size wasn’t that large either to help make up for the price. Staff Were not too friendly either which is a shame. Would probably not recommend to others or visit again ourselves, as I have mentioned we felt it was very overpriced and with so many other restaurants in Hornchurch its not like we are not spoilt for choice. 
It was our first visit to the Tandoori Lounge. 
Decided to try TL when passing through one evening after seeing good reviews on trip advisor. 
cosy restaurant. I swear the food was better before. This time i rate it as average. Well if you dont know moroccan food you should definitley ask about some items. The item that was new to me was the bastilla. its covered in icing sugar, not one told me how sweet it was for a starter with chicken!! not my kind of starter. 
We visited last night the menu was very limited but the food was good quality and the place was very clean and modern. The staff wont accommodate any special requests or differ from the small menu and it was so noisy in the restaurant we were shouting so the waitress could hear us and to each other. 
I went to dinner with friends,the restaurant is very small and cozy.My friends took cous cous and tagine and they liked their food but my grilled chicken was quite sweet,not gnammi!overall not impressed 
We were staying in Chiswick on business and saw the reviews on trip advisor and decided to try the reataurant. We didn't book and had no trouble getting a table though it was Tuesday evening. 
Attractive small restaurant with tasty traditional Moroccan/Algerian menu. The staff were quite attentive but a little impatient and they could have been friendlier. It was busy so they may have been a little stressed. In general I would recommend it.  
I went to this restaurant recently with my partner, and while I think the food is overall good, the price and slow service let the restaurant down. 
Service was good, Knowledgable waiter who was keen to help us make the right choice. We both had the lamb, which was huge and so hot it actually spoilt it for me. I could not eat it for about 10 minutes, so i kept picking little bits off. Its a very small restaurant so it can be difficult to enjoy if as on this occasion a large group of men are also dining and they are not so much talking to each other but keep making and receiving calls and joking about high giving each other. It was not a romantic quiet night thats for sure 
Food was good but overpriced. We had a takeaway delivered on a Friday night and it took over an hour to arrive. Good quality food but we felt it was overpriced. 
Worth visiting for their tagines. We went there for my husband's birthday and he really liked his chicken tagine with almonds and raisins. The service was mediocre. Not very friendly to female customers. 
Reading the reviews, we were looking forward to trying something different. And while the menu is different form the usual fare, our overall experience was slightly disappointing. 
We went there on a Friday evening with Friends. The tajine was good, the staff were very friendly. (they even offer us shooters at the end as we were the last ones to leave). It was not the best tajine I ever had but it was very good. I recommend this restaurant for a nice and friendly dinner with friends. 
Restaurant itself very nice and service very good. However we all struggled with the menu. Starters on average was £10 per head. Portions were not over big. They charged us £10 for sag aloo ! The bill was presented in a diamanté box and we were stung with a 10% service charge. No liquor drink on the house which you normally get with an Indian. The only thing we got was a WERTHER’S MINT. Will never return, we will go back to our local favourite. 
Good and friendly service from waiter and cheft. We did not like the food much but this was our first experience in a Morrocan type restaurant. 
Very attentive service but unfortunately the food didn't quite meet our expectations. As for The tangines, the slightly hot and spicy Constantine is possibly the best choice. The others are either too sweet or too bland and two of our party later had slightly upset tummys, which may or may not have been due to the food. The mezze were nice but each plate was not quite enough for five people to share. Don't think I would go there again. 
I can't believe your previous reviewer waited 4 months for a table! There was only one other table occupied when we were there last night. This was a real disappointment: there was none of the charm and fabulous cooking Gordon Ramsay raved about, and I would rate the food as acceptable, no more. The tagines were re-heated to boiling point, the carrots barely cooked and we had to order side dishes of couscous for them. The merguez were tasteless and the portions huge. Service not good, and we had to wait and wait and wait until someone finally got off the phone and accepted payment of the bill. I wouldn't go again. 
Azou is a local restaurant selling honest food in warm, intimate surroundings. It's situated on the no-man's land between down-at-heel Hammersmiff and posh Chiswick but there's a bus stop outside and it's easy enough to get to from Ravenscourt Park or Stamford Brook Tube stations. 
We went here on Saturday night. The food is excellent, very tasty and good portion size. The only thing that let it down was the service. We waited a long time for a drink and the waitresses are constantly squeezing past the tables. I think as a customer you shouldn’t notice the waiting staff going about the business, this is also partly to the odd lay out of the tables. 
Modern Restuarant lovely decor & bar, enjoyed the meal especially the Masala Popadom’s, staff nice but a little overbearing, only gripe is that a service charge was added without my knowledge & I also left a 10% tip, would have been nice if a drink was offered. Will try again! 
The starter of the day, buffata on rocket with figs was excellent. However, the fetucini with home made pesto was mediocre. The wine and limoncello were OK. Service was alright, not especially attentive. 
The décor & food was very good & staff explained the difference from normal Indian food we are use to, but the service let it down, ie not being shown to table, just pointed in the general direction & waiting a long time for to be served drinks. But the biggest bugbear was the service charge added onto the bill, we were a group of 6 people, not a large group, we didn't complain, as the food was good, but the service wasn't. It made the meal expensive! 
Had dinner with girl friends. Menu is perfect, something for everyone. Service was awesome and staffs was very accommodating. Also, very beautiful sightseeing nearby. Will be back definitely! 
Quite good food and service as the restaurant is run by the staff that are inmates of Sutton prison learning centre for their NVQs 
We were looking forward to the tasting menu as we enjoy gastronomic experiences. Perhaps we were expecting too much from an hotel restaurant, after all two nights ago we enjoyed an amazing tasting menu at a Michelin started restaurant in Amsterdam. We love the hotel and were excited to try the chef’s best. Our experience started on a low note, when the wine I wanted from the ‘ by the glass’ portion of the wine list was unavailable. They had it, but couldn’t open the bottle. I settled for what was possibly the most bland gewürztraminer I have ever tasted and my husband’s Malbec was so bad he refused the glass and he loves Malbecs. It’s not so much the food was bad; the mushroom bisque that came with the amuse bouche was delicious, but the amuse bouche was itself forgettable as was most of the meal. Each dish was either missing acid or seasoning, and in most of them the separate components did not make a composed dish. The pigeon was chewy and the lamb cutlet undercooked. And two very sweet desert courses with similar flavor profiles finished the meal. While there was no *bad* dish (just bad Malbec!) there was nothing memorable or exciting about the entire menu... except the mushroom bisque. I will have to add some lemon the next time I make mushroom soup. A tasting menu should give you new flavor/texture combinations, something new and unique. I would recommend Chef take some time and experience his menu in its entirety and try to find that perfect bite. As his menu is now, I doubt he can. 
It was a really cold winter day and we all kept our coats scarves and boots on but it was still draughty and really cold, so we didn’t really appreciate the food just wAnted to get back to our cars and heaters. We were not impressed with most of the food, not great but the waiters were very attentive 
No question the food is wonderful. My wife and I had a starter and a main that were Michelin star standard. The service was impeccable, the food was perfect, the ambience was relaxed. And all this in one of the busiest airports anywhere.  
I ate at the Sofitel's casual restaurant a couple of years ago and was struck by the politeness and enthusiasm of the team of young, mostly Indian, waiters. They were almost tripping over each other to be helpful. That, plus the many positive reviews on this site for La Belle Epoque, makes my experience all the more bewildering. 
Well if you were looking for something a little different, this may fit the bill. Based in High Down prison, customers are given a little lecture and then taken through the the restaurant area itself. Surprising nice venue. Food was pretty good, but nothing particularly special. Service was excellent. The lack of wine and the airline cutlery is a bit disconcerting I suppose but overall a quite expensive but pleasant lunch 
Although the service was good the concentration on presentation has probably gone too far. The meal lacked substance and overly seasoned with salt .  
Part of the Clink Charity Group, the original location within the walls of Her Majesty's Prison Highdown. Please visit the website BEFORE going as there is vital information that is required - for security reasons. Once inside, you will be escorted so no fear of any confusion or losing your way. For the mobile impaired, there is a wheelchair ramp but some of the doors are quite narrow to access. Once inside the decor transports you away from the misery of incarceration, you would believe that you are in a normal restaurant aside from the fact that there is no alcohol and no metal utensils. The food can compare to higher range eateries but be sure to ask how you wish your meat to be prepared - as some meats can be quite rare!  
An interesting and different experience for ladies who lunch! Limited menu but uplifting conversation with the attentive waiters and chef. 
 This restaurant had been booked for an business meeting and was convienent to the Sofitel. The tasting menu had been chosen for the meal. There are some people that will spout superlatives about this type of food, but in reality most people in the real world find it poncey and pretentious. Which is what quietly most people around the table were saying.  
Great look to this restaurant though food is a bit ambitious (too formal) and service can be a bit..erm.. Informal. But not bad!  
Once you get over the initial strange feeling of being locked in, it's a nice place! Really good service, delicious food - I had all vegetarian - and good value. The portions were reasonably small - I'd recommend some vegetables for the table to share. The house mocktails were also very good. The place has an atmosphere, but it's not exactly relaxing, partly because it's a bit gloomy. Definitely worth a visit though. 
A friend and I visited the Clink restaurant for lunch mid-week. The signage was not good and we wandered around not knowing where to go. We were eventually pointed in the right direction and had our photo and fingerprints taken. We were then escorted across the car park then through various gates and corridors to the restaurant. It was very impressive in appearance and service friendly and fast. The menu changes seasonally and the vegetables and chickens home-grown! My first course, the ham hock, was tasty but had obviously come straight out of the fridge as it was exceptionally cold. The rest of our meal was good, especially the apple mousse. I missed the wine and 'proper' cutlery, but the waiters were efficient and helpful. 
The food was very good and the experience once you are in the restaurant is very good but booking and getting through to the actual point of the restaurant is quite a performance. I am glad that we went the once but I don't think I would want all the hassle to repeat the food experience. 
We visited when staying at the Sofitel the night before. It was a last minute booking but it wasn't busy. 
We decided to eat at this restaurant and it was lovely and the food was good (but not outstanding). The major downside was the slow service. Our meal lasted almost 3 hours due to slow service. And you cannot tell me they didn't see us waiting and waiting, there are mirrors in all directions. I would have liked to enjoy my stay at the hotel more than in this restaurant but oh well. I can see utilizing this restaurant for business use but I wouldn't recommend otherwise. 
We had a family reunion at this hotel and decided to dine here. The food was exquisite and beautiful presented. Service was very obliging and the flavours were blended with creative flair. Portion sizes are fairly conservative. We dined with a toddler and the high chair was a little dirty from a previous occupant. However, overall we had a lovely meal. 
This restaurant is staffed by prisoners at High Down in training for a catering career on release. Let's just say a visit for lunch is "an experience!" rather than a culinary pleasure. 
I think to start with, it makes good sense to separate the charitable intention from the eating experience.... 
Was invited to attend this place for a special meal prior to it being launched. The décor and ambience were excellent. I was impressed by the professional manner in which we were treated by all the staff - better than other restaurants in some instances! The food was top class and I left feeling humbled and grateful for what was an incredible and unique experience of "eating out" by "eating in!!" 
We have visited before but today we were very disappointed with the food choices and portions could not get any smaller. Come on £11.00 for 3 scallops as a main ? I paid £10.75 for 5 raviolli in some soup. The starter was so awful we did not eat it and sent it back .. it was supposed to be a breakfast .. Cold plates is another bugbear and as for charging £7.00 for tap water in a bottle. We wont be visiting again, its too expensive, where are the veg choices ? Waiter was slow and it was all a bit painful. Went home to a cheese sandwich and glass of wine. 
French style high class food, but i thought that there were too many ingredients in each dish, and theyt could not offer a simple piece of well cooked fish ! 
The food is good, the service was ok but felt frankly speaking we were put off by the main courses at £29.50, So now i feel compelled to nit pick because of the overpricing - the pan fried sole - wasn't really a main course in size, it was certainly not a whole sole....and the sausage like shrimp mousse - lets not go there. the assiette of lamb - could have been described a bit better - i mean a spring roll doesnt do it justice. sorrry guys dont like leaving negative reviews but $$$$$$ 
Bit disappointed due to existing rating of 4.5 made us think food would have been better. The lunch time menu was very restricted and was mainly geared towards people that prefer a meal containing fish products. 
went to il vesuvio for my grandsons 10th birthday treat but was very disappointed this time round! 
Saw the good reviews on here and gave this restaurant a try on Tuesday night.  
This restaurant has nothing to do with Bristish food! It is a very high standard French cuisine, that is celebrated here. The interior design is remarkably beautiful and the menu has a nice choice of food and wine. 
It was my first time visiting and I'm not sure it's for me! The staff are lovely, however the food was a bit of a let down. I shared some starters with friends, as well as a pizza and some pasta. The pizza was quite doughy with a sauce that tasted overpoweringly of tomato. The sauce in the pasta dish was a bit sickly and the pasta itself was rolled too thick so hadn't cooked well. I'd say overall the food feels quite old-fashioned. The restaurant could do with fresh decor as well as a spice up of the menu - the colour palette screams cheap hotel restaurant to me and didn't help alleviate the quality of the food. 
Went here with three work colleagues.  
A nice enough place and the food was good, but a bit disappointed with the service and the booth we were seated in was very high and felt we got a bit forgotten. Once we ordered we didn't have to wait long for our food. Just the initial order of drinks took forever although to be fair it was very busy. If we go back we will sit elsewhere. 
We were excited to try this new restaurant as it is a wonderful break from the take over of chain restaurants in the area.  
COVID expectations were up to standard with social distancing and barriers. The staff was friendly but the food was underwhelming. The steak was poor and bland and the crabe was cold and overcooked.  
We had the 12-7 daily menu. A reasonable choice but the Steak Midi was not really good value, quite a small portion & very thin. The fries were just standard & nothing special. Bottled beers a bit expensive but then Richmond is an expensive area. the service was average also. Will probably not return. 
went here for lunch, food was of reasonable quality but portions were on the small side, which made the lunch quite expensive, not sure I would return in a hurry 
Chiswick Bitter (£3.70) was a great discovery on my first visit to The Beehive, lovely bitter, just right on a sunny lunchtime.  
So nice to be served decent beer and food that has really been prepared in the kitchen. Burgers were excellent - well cooked and in a nice (not pappy) bun. Chips good. Chicken schnitzel was very good too. Perhaps the side salad was a bit dull - could perhaps introduce something a bit more adventurous and interesting. But inside it's a bit cheerless. 
We've been to this restaurant on multiple occasion over the years but this past few months and since the lockdown and including this evening (New Year's eve) was a serious let down. Lamb psanda, lamb buna and chicken corma were awful. It was watery, very little flavours, portions were smaller and food arrived well in advance of the agreed time. Its like the chef hasn't showed up for work. Zach 
Popped in for an early booked December dinner and was given a pretty bad table - with a draft coming from the front door and a constant flow of people walking past. 
Very friendly waiter but food was disappointing. Restaurant look very tired. Plates not very warm. Galettes much too thin and very bland. Not like the crêperies I have been in France. The fruits de mer galette was very watery. For dessert I had a Normandy caramel apple galette but the caramel was non existant. What a pity. Next time Will try la côte French brasserie across the road as food is better. 
We ordered a takeaway from Namaste Gurkha a few weeks ago, having read really good reviews. With a high rating in the area and a five star hygiene rating, we thought it was well worth a try and were really looking forward to our meal. 
After all the write ups, the food was OK but not fantastic. The moules and pate were fine but the calf's liver was leathery and had veins through it which made it less than pleasant. The medley of fish was well cooked as was the salmon and the front window seat was fun though you are conscious of people coming and going. The staff were fun, very attentive and quick to react to any requests. I would like to try Chez Lindsay again to see if I caught the Chef on a bad night. The bill included a mandatory 12.5% service charge which I hate. I would rather be the decision maker on tipping. 
nice rustic place , very french pity that the food was not at his best ,, the gallettes were not impressive , and seemed microwaved , could not taste the roquefort ,,,,, the french onion soup was bland , not hot , and i doubt it was gruvier on the tiny toast,and luke warm , should it not be with beef stock and red wine ? the lamb was ok but again was not hot at all ,, thank god the service was good , 
Distinctly average. Went alone which seemed to be frowned upon. Service very rushed as if they couldn't wait to get rid of me. The food was acceptable but so rushed the courses overlapped. Not relaxed at all. 
Ordered a chicken dansak which is one of my favourite dishes. Just average no sweet element to it at all and not even that hot. Slightly disappointed. Side dishes were average Kathmandu aloo and gurkhali Bhaji. Won’t be ordering from here again as there are plenty of nicer Indians in the areas.  
After reading the amazing reviews was expecting a bit better.  
admittedly i didnt eat in, but ordered a delivery as had read the great reviews. I was quite disappointed. portions were quite small and chicken tikka didnt come with any salad as it does with my usual place. wont bother next time 
Overall nice little restaurant. The table we had (for two) by window was tight - when you get glasses, plates, etc ., not much room left. 
We visited Chez Lindsey with friends and came away a little disappointed, both with the range of French food on offer and the service which was quite unfriendly - do the waiters ever smile? The restaurant itself is a pleasant venue with large windows, though it is small and the tables are, therefore, close together. The food was a large selection of galettes with various toppings and mainly fish for mains. My partner and I chose the seafood sharing dish which consisted of a few pieces of white fish and some mussels - disappointing. Crepe for dessert - bland. Wine - good selection. The saving grace was the fact that the prices were very reasonable - I wouldn't have wanted to pay more for what we had. 
We are coming to this lovely restaurant very often. And we really love it the food is fantastic the service is very attentive and warm. France par excellence!!! 
Nice meal for two on a very cold night. The very fact that I was given the wrong main course didn't bother me. House wine not so good and also expensive 
Lovely building, friendly welcome and it was a busy lunchtime, but the service was constant and good from taking the orders to serving the food. 
Dinner with my wife, son, and his girlfriend. 
We had decided to go out and avoid the high street restaurants. This little place seemed very nice especially with such good reviews. We found the service average, the manager had a very bizarre reaction when we said we didn't want any desert or coffee, the food was not particularly what we expected. The portion size were a little small, I have asked for bread (you wouldn't have too in a restaurant were they usually serve bread...) it was a shop bought baguette. I didn't get any butter with it as other tables had some. In reality my husband was keen for a desert at the beginning d the meal, after the first course we weren't that keen, the main course decided us to leave. In all £47 for the food and wine seemed very expensive for what we had. The cherry on top was the £5 bill for service, I hope the staff keep their tip! 
Situated in central Richmond on the road leading up to the park a very small Persian restaurant.  
I have just visited here. I'd been keen to visit - I'd read about it before- and tried to come before - but it had been closed. I am disappointed - there were quite a few dishes off the menu (ok, it was 2:30 ish) so we ordered a salad and a chicken sausage dish.I then had a watermelon juice with ice and a rose lemonade. The bill cost £38.50 - which feels on the pricey side to me The salad was very largely lettuce, with 1 egg, a few pieces of watermelon (slices generous), some walnuts etc a few pomegranate seeds and maybe 4 small ish slices of feta cheese for £12. I didn't feel like I'd had enough for it to cost £12. But most of all, I felt cheated. This restaurant positions itself as a family run restaurant- the genuine article-so I felt cheated when I was charged 50p for ice! I had hoped that this would be a lovely local restaurant which would become a favourite. 
Great local gem very interesting food but at ridiculous prices considering the main and sometimes only ingredient is eggs! Grumpy and unfriendly owner... an egg breakfast can set you back 25£ 
I first went here having heard great reviews and wanting to support a local Iranian business. Unfortunately, being Iranian seems to peak no interest and you actually become less important than all the other patrons. The food is good, a fusion of contemporary and traditional Iranian breakfasts which is great to see a representation of on the current London food scene. However, the menu is quite over priced, I don't mind paying above the odds for my food and drink, I understand how the restaurant industry works but these are pushing it a bit. The space is quite small and cramped so it's understandable that they need to flip tables during busy times but even this becomes a bit rude when staff are trying to push you out. Credit where credit is due; I would definitely recommend trying their breakfasts, their teas and coffees are good too (albeit over priced). I'd recommend going during off peak times and be prepared to pay above the odds. I don't think I'll be taking my poor family again. If you do decide to go at peak times beware if you have prams, you'll probably have to fold them up and leave them outside.  
Average experience to be honest. Unfortunately, one of the chicken burgers in our party of 4 was undercooked (my 15 year old daughter) which we sent back and, eventually, after the rest of us had finished eating, a replacement arrived.  
Visited for Sunday lunch, food could not be faulted , but sadly customer service was was at best average, could not wait for you to finish, collected plates before each diner had finished , it made you feel hurried. 
Very nice food that is well presented. The staff are very friendly however waiting for 90 minutes for food is appalling.  
This is a nice little restaurant offering authentic Italian food and it is family run, adding to the homely feeling. 
Decided to pay an impromptu visit to our go-to Morden Italian after meeting a few friends for drinks at our local, having been there several times before.  
I hadn't been here since we had a dispute with them over charging twice the price for cheese and crackers that they charged fora main meal and only went because Verona wasn't open on a Monday. No reflection on our manager who was kind enough to take us to lunch but we waited a while for the food yet it was only half full, my colleague's lasagne was over heated and dry and the pizza just average. Neither the food nor value was on par with Verona. 
This review is based on the bistro- gorgeous setting with a lovely feel to it. The food is delicious too! However, unfortunately, the imperial arms is hugely let down by the slow and forgetful service.  
We went for Sunday lunch both having the lamb it was fatty and quite tough, peas carrots and broccoli all well cooked but wasn't exactly worth the£14.95 price tag overall very under whelming,staff amazing 
Good value sandwich lunch in a traditional pub handy for Chislehurst station. The sausage rolls are particularly tasty. 
It is a very friendly restaurant where the staff go put of their way to be helpful. The food is typically Italian. 
Waited an hour for our dinner to arrive,not surprising though as people who arrived after us by 20 minutes had pre ordered,which their food was cooked first.When it arrived it was good,but did not need the comment"Look this was worth waiting for'Far too long a wait for me,threw our sunday afternoon plans out the window. 
Had booked a table and we were greeted cheerily by staff. Staff were friendly and attentive throughout visit .We had lunch which was tasty and well presented but not exceptional. The menu was varied and reasonably priced. 
Good local pub in nice location, good food, in summer its up on the heath to watch the cricket the a walk down old hill to the pub, drink-eat good end to a lovley day 
The menu is very varied. The food is very tasty however the service is not great . Pleasant surroundings. 
I have visited this pub on a few occasions think it's average to be honest. The decor is way over the top and for such a small pub feels very dark and dingy, going back to a natural country pub feel would be far more befitting than the tacky wallpaper plastered all over the ceiling (bit like bbc's changing rooms gone wrong!) also there is no atmosphere (v. Dull each time I have been). you have to pay for music via the jukebox for songs, so you can imagine it's on at an intermittent basis. It would be far better to have a good album or even radio playing in the background. We're not asking for booming music but some nice background classics wouldn't go a miss either to improve the silence . On the plus side , the bar staff and management are very nice and helpful (always accommodating each time I have been), the beer is good quality and not a rip off like other local establishments and finally the food is always excellent when I have ordered so this pub is worth a look. If the decor and atmosphere is improved, then this average pub could be something special. 
Myself along with a couple of friends went to this restaurant on a weekday afternoon. It was fairly quiet, but had a pleasant ambience about it. 
I had high hopes for the place considering its position as number 1 but unfortunately it did not live up to expectations. I thought the service was friendly but not the most efficient. We did have to wait a long time for our order to be taken and then for the food to come. I also did not think the food was freshly made and did not justify the price tag. Nice location and good busy pub close to the caves. 
Myself and my partner decided to visit the pub on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, we have previously dined in the courtyard on a number of occasions and have always enjoyed the delicious food and spot on service from the staff. However we both left feeling very disappointed on Saturday. After arriving for our booked table we waited around 10 minutes and still no member of staff had been over to take our drinks order, the pub was reasonably busy and so my partner stood up and walked to the bar where he placed the order. He then came back to the table and sat down to continue looking at the menu to decide on his food. The bar man then shouted that our drinks were ready and left them at the bar for my partner to get back up and collect them from the bar, considering this is table service we were not impressed. We were also advised that there was a 20 minute wait on food, this was no problem for us. After 55 minutes of waiting for two burgers and having no update on our order or apology for the delay my partner once again had to get up and ask at the bar. 
Let me just start by saying that with the few times I've been to the Imperial its been very good, the food has always been excellent and the service too. 
service was very good as was the wine. 
We ate in the wine bar part of the pub. Fab decor but zero ambience. A few really drunk (like falling off their chair drunk) people came in later and sat at the small bar with the staff. It all felt a little awkward. The owner was pleasant though.  
We went here for a saturday lunch, having seen the excellent reviews. When we arrived, we were surprised by how old fashioned and slightly grubby the inside seemed. So we thought we'd check out the courtyard instead, which was nice but very small, and totally smothered in the smoke from the barbecue. We decided to just have a drink, and eat somewhere else. It might be good, but really wasn't to our taste. 
Parking here is difficult, the car park and road where full but inside there were on 2 other small groups.  
Had the scallops to start but for 3 at £10.95 they weren't cheap. Then followed this up with a seafood risotto which was fairly bland and a reasonable smoked chicken pizza, okay but nothing special, was fairly busy however on a Sunday night 
Great, buzzy, atmosphere. The staff were really friendly and the pub has a good vibe. The starter was delicious. We think there was an issue in the kitchen as our main course nearly 45 mins to come. The chunky chips were very tough, so they may have been cooked in advance and then heated, the scampi was fresh and tasty. We felt a bit let down, but would try again and we had the feeling it was just an off night for some reason. 
Thought we would give this a try. Just three options for the lunch time menu, a chicken, pork or vegetarian dish with a choice of rice or noodles. Beer and wine are also available. The food came really quickly and as my chicken was on the dry side I think it must have been precooked and didn't have the freshness I expected from Korean food. 
Food at this place is nice been here three times out of which it is only the service which is going downhill with ignorant people at the till area who don’t take notice of you waiting until you prompt them. Overall the experience at this place is a good one just be weary of the ignorance at the bar area you have to put up with. 
I have eaten at the pub several times and the Sunday Roast is fab however my most recent visit was quite disappointing. The pub has a great menu but is very noisy on a Fri or Sat night. The wine bar is another option and has a great setting but the food menu is rather limited, leaving really only steak as a main meal option. The steak was not a good quality, quite fatty and greasy (too much butter) and very thin, if you order steak, be prepared that you will not get a nice juicy steak but instead, steak frites (supposedly) and not presented in a way that I have seen in the past. Love this pub but not sure I would return for the food outside of a Sunday roast. 
Another reviewer mentioned that this was a restaurant with a big heart. It wasn’t beating when we had lunch though. There was a faint pulse, but you had to search for it. The food was good. Everything else was a bit weird. 
Friday night: Understandably busy but due to high volume of take away collection and table layout - there was a continuous flow of people walking past which felt a little intrusive. Obviously this is a personal preference. Service and food was good - perhaps smaller portions/cheaper price would mean you could order 2 dishes and experience more of the menu? Maybe choice of small or large size? Would go again but probably at lunchtime. 
Food wasn’t as expected, all hiped up, special mixed grill had the biggest fish, could’ve had small portion of fish and added other things, Chicken Karahai was too spicy think chef had too many chillies lying around, overall not as expected and very expensive for what we ordered, £2.25 for 1 naan is ridiculous!! Won’t be going again.  
The mixed grill was good. And the curries were OK. The chicken noodles were a poor effort. Lacked taste and 90% was uneaten unfortunately. Parmesan chicken was also not great. The milkshakes lacked any of the key ingredients. I has the ferro Roche and I'd find it difficult to believe that they put more than one ferro Roche in the shake. If you come here it's best to stick to the grill and curries anything outside these become a bit of an experiment for the chef and the chances are he/she won't get it right. 
We had a lovely welcome. We were given a lovely table for six. I cannot fault the service and attention from the staff. A big shout out for our waiter named Mo. You were excellant with your service. The food overall was OK. We decided that if we were to mark out of 10 we would give 7 and that was mainly for the ambience and Mo. Will go back to try the English menu but a no for the desi food. 
This is a great little place with a very limited menu but the food is delicious. My only gripe is the exorbitant corkage (£1.50 per bottle, including a bottle of beer!) That seems a bit cheeky when they don't even have a licence. 
So I have been eager to try MyLahore after receiving good reviews about the food. Managed to go when they were offering the 50% off. Tried the combo platter which was a small mixed grill and a Samosa which was ok, I’ve had a tastier mixed grill elsewhere. Also had a fish Pakora which was quite nice and flavoursome. For mains I ordered a desi stir fry with pilau rice, and it did not taste amazing at all. The chicken lacked a lot of flavour the rice was the only decent thing on my plate. Had to leave the rest of the food. The restaurant was very hot, mobile fans were placed near every part of the tables which was blowing out hot air, flies everywhere!  
I went today for lunch at this restaurant after I was attracted by the overwhelming excellent reviews on TA. I came in because I saw on the menu that they had one of my favourite dishes the Malaysian Char Kway Teow. The ambience was very minimalist. I sat down and I asked for the menu but the lady said that there were only 3 dishes on the menu which were Szechuan chicken, barbeque pork and a Malaysian chicken Curry. (On the internet it says a choice of several dishes at lunch and the full menu is only available in the evenings). Several is a bit indefinable and I would have expected more choice. Anyway once there I went ahead and ordered the Malaysian curry which wasn’t to bad and then I also had the barbecue pork which wasn’t bad either except that half portion was fat. I think it’s important to have fat with the pork but a bi,t not half the portion. Once the friendly waitress asked how it was I said it was ok but there was too much fat and she just smiled at me, I expected a better reaction than that! At the end it looks more like take away food and to be honest I didn’t experience the wow factor like most of my fellow’s reviewers that seem to rave about it, unless in the evening it undergoes a radical transformation. Sorry but being 5 the highest score rating I only use it for the perfect or near perfect meal. I think in this particular case the rating has been used too liberally. I also noticed that after visiting a few Pan Asian restaurants recently usually is a Chinese restaurant that includes Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese, Malaysian etc… in their menu! 
Been here twice now just to try different dishes. nothing spectacular i would say its worth a visit but fairly average flavours. 
We have had take away because of our friend ranting and were slightly disappointed. It was good however it was more like a friend cooking you dinner than anything than WOW. Would have again but not in a rush, 
Visited meluccis in bexley today, had lovely takeaway sandwich but was shocked at lack of plans in place re social distancing etc. It is a small shop but large number of staff. Kept brushing past customers when coming from kitchen. No hand sanitiser in shop, tables not cleaned between customer leaving and next customer sitting down. Plastic menus given to customers did not seem to be wiped at all. It was like covid did not exist just normal day sorry did not feel safe in there today, 
Although you can take your own alcoholic drinks into the restaurant the price of the food is excessive. In general the food is nicely cooked and the staff are very pleasant but the cost and the portion size would prevent me from going back. 
Ordered on justeat. Asked for no Paneer in the Sag main as I’m allergic. Even called to confirm after order was made. Turned up with Paneer, couldn’t eat it. Shame as I’ve ordered many times before. Putting it down to a blip, but it is quite serious if people have allergies, I thought I was helping by calling to confirm. Otherwise rest of food very nice.  
I always was wonder why all the fuss about this place located in Bexley high street, everyone recommended, good reviews etc, so we went for lunch and seriously the only outstanding a the service. The staff is very nice and polite.l, but the food is been seated in display, and when you order they re-heated in microwave. How is it get 5 starts in TripAdvisor? The food taste good, but it's not fresh and you feel like a fast food restaurant. If you want a decent food is ok, but if you appreciated quality and freshness no way. 
The music is nice and also the atmosphere. I'd suggest this restaurant for couples. About wines I like the choice (not huge)of wines with cork. I tried Nepalese dishes expecting to eat more meat and less sauces. Easy to spend 70 pounds eating nan with sauces and wine. They have opportunity to improve to deliver something really amazing .... I cross fingers for them to listen customer voice. 
I have deliberately held off from writing a review for this place for so long because I don't get the same positive vibe that others do.  
Often call into Melucci's for coffee with friends; on this occasion we decided to have lunch but was not very impressed 
This is not the first time I have been disappointed by a restaurant given top billing in TripAdvisor. My suspicion is that the gushing reviews are not altogether kosher. 
Visited on a wet Friday night with friends. Warm welcome. Seated immediately as had booked, no possibility otherwise. Poppadoms came straight away then the slow slow service started. The staff were working flat out always smiling no fuss but everything was slow!!! Was not a particular issue as chatting but could be so much better.  
I've eaten at Melucci's a few times and it's been pretty average. It seems people love it there but I find it quite cramped, the staff either ignore you, are arguing behind the counter, or making awkward jokes about baps. I could forgive all of the above, but the food just isn't great either. It's really just a sandwich shop that cooks a few extra bits. I'm not saying it's bad, just certainly not the best food in Bexley. 
But an overstatement to call it 'very good'. This is High Street Indian / Nepali cuisine done with care and pride, served by an eager, willing and friendly team. The restaurant is a welcome addition to all the other ethnic choices along the road. One major gripe though: this restaurant has adopted the awful and immoral practice of adding a 'gratuity' option to the printed bill when the service has been already automatically included. Please let this stop. 
The café is situated in a traditional delicatessen and offers a simple but attractive range of light meals and café refreshments. 
This place lacked atmosphere really, there were very few here and there wasn't much urgency. 
Decor is "colonial" type quite impressive, staff are very polite and helpful. Food is ok but not the best I have ever taste especially when comparing with their neighbours round the corner .There was no air conditioning or ventilation therefore all our clothes smelled of curry. We had 1 samosa each : dry and not tasty. Veg Biriani : more rice than veg. Chicken Madras plus rice ...1 glass of red wine 2 small waters : the bill came to £53 : to be sincere I think the price did not match the quality . Disappointed. 
A pleasant enough experience, but nothing very special. The setting is nice, perhaps a little dated. The service was very good. The food was acceptable - nothing wrong, but nothing really stood out either. I would go back again. 
Good food but how long the food keep up during the day? also there is no time check up? but some food is not fresh. 
Overall we enjoyed our meal here. The place was a bit quiet for a Friday evening and the interior a little gloomy, which did not help with generating any sort of atmosphere. But the service was pleasant enough and the food very good in places. We especially liked the aubergine (baigon), but as a main dish the portion was tiny (we asked a couple of times if they had served us a starter portion by mistake). It's also not the cheapest restaurant in town. 
I have read a lot of reviews on how good this venue was so I decided to take the plunge and book a table the other week. I have to say I do not get it - I was expecting the wow factor and it never came.  
We’ve ordered dinner today from haweli. It was good but to be honest not the best indian cuisine in this area, at least not for us. 
We were looking for some place for dinner, away from the rush of southall. Found good reviews about it and decided to visit it. Around 6:30 it was deserted but we thought it was too early for dinner so people would come. Ordered food which was served in around 20 minutes, not bad. 
Having read reviews on this place we decided to give it a try. Shame it did not live up to expectations! No atmosphere at all certainly no Italian background music! We were seated between an empty food display cabinet and a cold drinks fridge Food was pretty average and overpriced. Given the fact there are some wonderful licensed restaurants in Bexley I would recommend you give this a miss!!!!! 
Well let's start with the positives as the are many off them,  
My wife and I booked a recent Saturday evening dinner reservations based solely the raving reviews on TripAdvisor which were mostly excellent reviews. We both love a good steak and seek out restaurants that have a good quality selection. In fairness to the restaurant, my wife and I were hoping for a quaint, romantic setting but found the ambience to be similar to what you would find at Nandos. The service was good; more business like. My wife and I each ordered the sirloin and it was good but we certainly have had better steaks elsewhere that were certainly much less expensive. 
We ordered sushi and sashimi. Their sushi looked beautiful, fishes are fresh and tasty but it was ruined by rice which was very hard and unsuitable for sushi. We also ordered a bowel of rice for sashimi too then it was hard again and not tasty. It’s a pity while their fishes are great:( 
Husband and I dined here on Thursday Burger night where we had pretty average food but very good service. 
We went there late afternoon as a party of 6 for a Mother’s Day meal, we phoned a number of restaurants in the area and this was the only one that managed to fit us in which we we grateful. They had run out of burgers so a couple of us had steak and which was fine but not exceptional. The other food was ok, service was good but it all seem to lack the wow factor. 
Booked a table for 8 30, they weren't ready for us until 9. Ordered the churasco de lomo which was okay, but a little tough for fillet steak. Have had this dish elsewhere and it melted in my mouth.  
Booked a table here based on all the reviews however it did not live up to the reviews at all. The previous steakhouse was much much better. 
Food was really good - steak was very well cooked and seasoned. Desert was fantastic.  
Saw all the good reviews and thought we'd give it a shot. Staff are all very friendly. Sushi was fresh and relatively well presented. Restaurant was a little cold, but we did arrive just as they were opening. Biggest disappointment was the £2 charge for the use of a credit card ! No sign up inside or on the door warning customers though. 
Having received good reports about the quality of the coffee and the range of cakes in this restaurant, we tried it out today. I asked for a flat white and my wife a latte. The staff said they could make any type of coffee! I did not get a 'proper' flat white nor did my wife have a decent latte. There were only two types of cake on display at 11:15am today. 
Great customer service and the food was typically Peshwari from what I have been told by the Mr’s.  
I was there for dinner I previously visited and I had the best lunch ever vegan burger sooo yummy !!!  
perfectly adequate breakfast but definitely nothing to write home about. I had the English breakfast. Everything was of good quality but I would not rate it as exceptional in any way 
We came because of the TripAdvisor reviews and were not disappointed . We were staying at wild thyme as much as we can 
We have eaten here a couple of times and whilst the food is tasty and well executed, the overall concept is a bit dated and could do with refreshing for 2018. The atmosphere comes across a little staid rather than relaxed. The service is by the book and delivered as it is meant to be but is lacking in personality and genuinely personal touches. The price is at the top end of things. 
We had been looking forward to our visit to the French Table for months, unfortunately it did not live up to our expectations, the steak was very rare and chewy, despite requesting medium. Maybe our expectations were too 
We arrived early on a Friday to a quiet restaurant and as a result had lovely service, as the night went on and the restaurant got busier we were clearly forgotten, we’d ordered desserts and drinks and waited 30mins before anything arrived, desserts came but one, the special (chocolate soufflé), was half cooked... the drinks didn’t arrived until we had finished desserts. When cleared, I informed the waitress my dessert wasn’t cooked and she’d speak to the chef. She never came back and only found out she’d taken it off when we got the bill. I felt sorry for the waitress as she seemed to be the only one serving downstairs, however for the price I paid, Iexpected better.  
Every Friday, the little room next to the restaurant served a set meal. Places are limited. It starts at 7:30pm. The confit de canard is served with mash potatoe or lentils. It’s a small portion but rather delicious. The fixed price is 14.50£. Expect to be be hungry after your dinner with no bread. Passeteries that are usually sold for 2:70 will be served at 4 or 4.50£. All is all it was good. A dinner for two at 40£. 
I have to admit the food was really good and tasty but found it pricey for what it is. There are so many high end restaurants that you can get same or better quality of food or service and pay less( and probably have more on your plate). I really do not mind for paying for the good food and the service, but it needs to come with the right atmosphere. The tables are so close to each other ( that is if you book a table for two - like we did) - it feels like you are having dinner with the rest of the guests! - oh well - I guess that is a choice thing, but I don't think we will visit again. 
The welcome was lovely, the ambience OK, but one or two loud-voiced pretentious people were sadly present. 
Perhaps my expectations were too high, having seen the multitude of awards listed on their website, and others reviews, but I'm sorry to say I left rather underwhelmed.  
We have been many times to this restaurant and always really pleased with the food but last night was not up to the usual standard. We chose the taster menu which we usually have which is £52 a head. The crab course only had crab that was no bigger than a 10p piece ! The course with monkfish wrapped in bacon was very dry and the sweet course that usually has several small puddings to share consisted of a small plate of pear helene. Usually every mouthful is a delight but it wasn't like that last night. What has happened to my favourite restaurant ? It is not a cheap meal and I will think twice about returning in the near future 
This is the second time we've been and I won't go back after most recent experience. The up stairs of the venue felt a bit disjointed from the main restaurant.  
Food at Umi was very tasty. Staff are polite and the atmosphere as a restaurant is ok. The one drawback is the cooking smell from the kitchen needs to be ventilated by opening the front door which is not conducive to a cosy vibe. Other than that it is a good restaurant worth a visit on a warm day. 
I have been here 4 times in 2016 with work.  
The service was excellent from the manager but the person taking my order forgot part of it. The mistake was apologised for and a free beer was given to me. As I am not a fan of deep fried dumplings I opted for the steamed Suimai which in my eyes is Chinese and not Japanese. The uramaki was just ok nothing to write home about but the sashimi was great. The mochi which I was told was grapefruit tasted very much like yuzu. It took about 30 mins to receive my order even though there was only a table of 2 occupied before me. I may try it again but I have been to many better places. 
A return visit for my husband and I after a good lunch last year was sadly disappointing. We booked well in advance for a Saturday night given the popularity of the restaurant but won't need to again. Service was dreadfully slow. Really stupidly so. The gap between courses was 20-30 mins. I hate to be rushed but this went in the opposite direction and is simply not good enough for the price of dining. Additionally tables are very tight. We could hear all our neighbours conversation including on one side their unpleasant asides about other diners! I sat there hoping not to overhear something about us! 
I went there for lunch and had chicken burger. Affordable prices and lovely staff, although the hygiene wasn't good enough as is easy to see through the kitchen curtain. 
Nice atmosphere delicious n this Café, many options to try and the staff are friendly and attentive.  
A good selection of sushi a and sashimi reasonably priced 
A Local Japanese Restaurant - promising much food wise - a good varied menu. 
We found this place after looking for somewhere local with good reviews. Unfortunately we did not have the same experiences as its reviews. The food was okay - their fry up was quite average but okay if a traditional fry up is what you want. The problem was the complete lack of hygiene especially post-pandemic.  
If you're looking for an instant heart attack breakfast then you'd need to order three breakfast to get the same portions as a 'greasy spoon' cafe. 
The sushi was excellent and service attentive and friendly.  
It’s the first time we’ve ordered from Dolce Vita. We’ve made it our mission to support local restaurants during COVID. We ordered pizza, garlic pizza bread and arancini through Uber eats. It was delivered on time however all the food was cold. We could tell the food had good flavours but we were disappointed the food wasn’t warm.  
I have eaten at this restaurant a couple of times and I enjoyed my experience. Takeaway was a different story. The Pizza was so doughy and I would class it as below average. shame as it used to be good. 
Came with husband and had a pleasant evening sitting in back garden on a warm night. Food and wine were good although the seafood spaghetti could have had more seafood. A few (small) mussels and clams but no prawns or any other fish. I see from the photos on this site that there used to be prawns in the dish. Service was a bit slow to start as there were only two waiting staff for the busy restaurant but we were not in a hurry, and our server was nice. It needed an extra person to help. 
Went in with my husband today as my friend told me it’s nice. The atmosphere was very good, the staffs were really nice but the food was so mediocre.  
Visited on a Saturday lunchtime recently where I enjoyed a lovely lunch. The food was great and so was the service however it didn’t reach it’s full potential which ruined my trip. The female workers where often treated unfairly by the boss and the chef to the extent that you could hear swearing and shouting from the kitchen. It’s definitely creates uncomfortable and unpleasant atmosphere. It’s a shame otherwise I would’ve been more inclined to have returned. 
Popped in for a quick coffee (which was excellent and comparable in price to Costa/Starbucks etc) Wait staff were keen to upsell food (which looked v nice from sneaking a look at others plates, good sized portions) but I wasn't hungry. Wait staff also rather keen to add gratuity at till, politely declined and was told no problem, but I don't like the implication when I've only had a coffee..)  
The food itself was good and they have a good choice of pasta but the price was definitly too high! For a starter of Bruschetta 30bze plus taxes is way too much. The music was so loud that you could not talk to eacht other in a normal way. 
As it was so hot we booked for the rear garden on a Saturday night. I really do not like leaving reviews that are not glowing ones but I do have to be truthful. 
Went here after the great reviews...was a busy restaurant for a Sunday bank holiday evening which was nice. Our glasses of wine weren't terribly nice and quite acidic. We had the beef carpacchio and bruschetta to start. Carpacchio was ok, although could've been more thinly sliced and seasoned more. The bruschetta was soggy. We had to order the fettuccine with speck and truffle oil (both tables next to us also ordered it and it looked great). I was unfortunately underwhelmed by it and the temp didnt help with it being like warm. My friend had the sea bass which was also just ok.  
After reading all the good reviews we booked her for 6 people for my birthday meal with some friends. 3 people ordered the pan fried seabass and what they got served was steamed plain seabass with soggy skin and had never seen a pan it its life. I had the lamb loin with roast potatoes and spinach. Whilst the lamb was tasty the potatoes were about 5 new potatoes roasted and the smallest amount of spinach. I finished the meal starving. Tiramiso was lovely but the apple struddle was again soggy and heated in a microwave. Waiter even admitted his own mum serves it cripsy but it's the way they do it here. So one of my friends had soggy fish and pudding. Worst thing for me though was after the meal going to the men's toilets which were filthy and clearly not that days mess and that shocked me. Over priced for for quality of food served and unclean toilets. Not going to make me want to go back I'm affraid  
We were a group of 4 visiting the restaurant and walked to and from the restaurant on a balmy warm first weekend in September evening. 
Went for a birthday meal after seeing the great reviews of this place but my partner and I were just left a little underwhelmed. Coke was flat, pizza bread looked good but tasted a bit doughy. Chicken was nothing special and the calzone for me wasnt the best. Owner contacted me to apologize and invited me to return to the restaurant. Very passionate and clearly loves his restaurant. All the other reviews cant be wrong, maybe just wasnt for us. 
We were here a couple of weeks ago for Saturday dinner. 
Really wanted to love this place - its local and really lovely service. 
Food is good. There’s no denying, but it’s overpriced and the place is cramped. Didn’t feel comfortable in there from the off.  
My husband and I visited here as we are fairly new to the area and as this is number 1 on TA we felt it was time to try it. I’m afraid I was a little disappointed. The food on the whole was OK nothing more. I had the scallops to start and the OH had the mussels. The scallops were cooked perfectly and tasty but my husbands mussels were definitely over cooked. I don’t think 
Visited this restaurant on someone’s recommendation, I spend a lot of time in Italy and in Italian restaurants so for me, food-wise this wasn’t what I’m used to but can appreciate this is a nice local restaurant with a good atmosphere. I think the customer service here is great, the guys that run this place were amazing - all very friendly and helped make the evening memorable.  
I have eaten here several times and have usually been satisfied with everything, but this was not to be this time. The blood pudding starter was really good, but alas the mains let it down. My pork belly was tough and my friend’s burger was very dry. Wines were fine. 
Masa restaurant used to be a very nice place to visit for authentic food. But unfortunately it seems to have lost it’s charm. Service is poor and unfriendly it it seems that they can’t cope when it is busy. However Lamb kebab is still delicious and cooked perfectly.  
One of my irritations is restaurants in which the quality of the food is so inconsistent you never know if you can have a good meal. I have only tried it for a quick takeaway lunch, on both occasions we ordered in advance.The first time I ate here it was quite good - not amazing but quite good. The next time, I ate here it was so poor it was almost inedible, The chicken breast was under-seasoned and dry. The bread was burnt and there was no salad. This makes me cross, if a meal is not fit to eat - you don't serve it. Needless to say, I won't be back. 
The interior of this place is pretty cool and they have ample of space up and downstairs for large groups. 
On Bank Holiday Monday in Chingford there was very little open to have dinner, so we decided upon Spice Station. It is a contemporary Indian restaurant whose décor is really good and very appealing from the outside. 
Me and my son used to eat here all the time once or twice a week friendly staff on the ball with the service good food my son loved the Chicken Korma i tend to go more spicy ordered madras came up with untold amount of chillies in it blew my 'Y' fronts off!! but still left tip because everything else was good. So we go back order same again but ask them to ease up on the chillies, again to many chillies it filled the rim of my plate up all the way round. Being a glutton for punishment we go again thinking third time lucky no chance. We now eat in the Indian 2 doors away with no problems you need to listen to your customers more to keep their custom chaps . 
Went with my family. 
the team here are really friendly and try to make your experience good. I find the food a bit greasy for me, but some of my friends love it.  
We visited with family. It was so busy that we were seated on the staff table as no spare table. We ordered lamb chops. Mixed grill. Mantoo. Lamb Karahi and qabli pilau. All of which were so tasty. My one gripe the lamb chops were tough and chewy. That’s why I have given 3 stars. 
Have been eating here for a couple of years, always had good service and food has been good. However bit shocked to see that they only have a good hygiene rating of 1 meaning major improvement is needed and this was on their last review on June 2014. Makes me think twice about eating here being quite OCD about cleanliness!! 
Located towards the outskirts of London, this restaurant has a simple family run appeal. Providing Afghan inspired meals. There is nothing particularly outstanding, though you will have a fine experience for a reasonable price.  
I went for dinner with a friend. Good was very good. Staff very attentive. When we first got there it was fine apart from the very strong smell of some sort of airfreshner. When more people arrived it was quite uncomfortable as the tables were very very close together. It would be much nicer to not be inches away from the next table. 
Had visited previously and really enjoyed so I suggested a return visit with work colleagues. We visited for a 
I will come back here as the food was good. However, despite going on a quiet Sunday afternoon the level of service was disappointing. The surly waiter had to be asked twice for water (there were only 6 other people in there), which leaves you wondering whether they enjoy having new customers or not. The food was tasty though! We had both the smoked aubergine and spinach dip which were very fresh and zingy and the flat bread it came with was exceptional. The main course was a mixed grill with chicken wings and lamb kofta, which were quite good, though I find similar dishes in the Turkish restaurants I frequent, use better quality meat. The mantoo were excellent and comforting as good mantoo should be. So I will visit again, as they have lots of different dishes I am excited to try, but I hope they improve their service as it's such an important part of the customer experience. 
Food is a bit hit and miss so you really don't know what to expect, the kebabs are for the most part very tender and succulent. The mantu (afghan speciality) however is consistently bland and raw with too much onions. 
The place is nice and the staff are nice too.As italian lover and pizza lover i was expecting more about the quality of the pizza but i guess If was fine. 
We visited masa for a family meal. The table was booked for 7pm. We waited to be seated because the staff were too busy to speak to us. We then waited for about 30 minutes for someone to take our order. The toilets both male and female had run out of paper. The vegetarian food I had was good but the meat curries ordered by the rest of the family were just ok. We arrived at 7 and left at 9.45 having eaten only one course because of delayed ordering, slow cooking etc. I think the restaurant had taken too many bookings with not enough staff or cooking facilities what a shame. 
Much better then our previous visits. On one of our previous visit my son’s Margarita pizza had Pepperoni on it. We explained to the waiter that, it’s the wrong order and we’re vegetarian. So the waiter takes the pizza in the kitchen takes the Pepperoni of the pizza and brings it back. We could still see small bits of Pepperoni still on it. 
Popped in at round 3.30 today 12/9. 
I busted here with my children. We’d been given vouchers for £30 andcthiygyt wuthvthecthree if us we’d have to pay maybe £10-15 more.  
Food is good, but poor service lets the place down, they don't have an alcahol licence, but you can take your own, which makes it reasonably priced to eat out. 
We had a treat night and went out to dinner with my husband & 7month old son. Our meals were hearty and had a home cooked feel (which is surprising for such a large chain). Our waitress was sweet but quite new (may have been her first day) however she was well supported by the other staff. 
Seeing the other reviews I thought that service would be excellent. Perhaps we went on an off night but we did not have the same experience. We visited on a Wednesday night - so not bank holiday or weekend. 
Went in after an exam to get a quick meal. The service was very nice. I ordered a Classic Margharita and my friend ordered a pasta dish. Upon the foods arrival, the food looked pretty bad. Aesthetically I was not pleased. My pizza had very little cheese and was dry. Not my fav. My friends pasta was also very dry. Although the service was nice, I would not recommend going there for some satisfying Italian food. 
Looking at recent reviews which claim that Lentil is best Indian restaurant in area i visited and ordered takeaway. I must say i was not impressed and food was nothing special from other standard restaurants, portions seemed light and flavours nothing special as claimed by some reviewers. Prices are reasonable and staff friendly but i wouldn't visit again.Asked for Mixed Tandoori grill and was told that none was left and this was at 8pm on Friday night which suprised me. All in all a very standard restaurant and not worth the hype 
Went for the reviews but not great. Food didn’t have much taste. Won’t be back. 3 stars is pushing it.  
Very pleasant meal here with great service - the curry was tasty and so was the fish. 
A wonderful Nepalese restaurant located in Ealing. The food is of a high quality and the staff work hard. The only compliant is about speed whether it be taking your order or getting the bill. They could get more covers by dealing with customers in a more efficient manner.  
We have now tried Lentil three times and the service has been slow on each of them. On our most recent visit, we had to wait over an hour for the main course. I don’t know whether it’s because of takeaways taking preference that customers in the restaurant receive such poor service. Having given the restaurant the benefit of the doubt on the first two occasions, we now won’t be returning. The food is good, but not worth the wait. 
It is fine to go for drinks but food is really average. Nice service and amazing place just next to the river  
Went on saturday evening. There were only 2 other tables with guests. They seated us promptly, but did not come for another 15 minutes to take our order for drinks maybe. Had to call a waiter to take our order. He said 20 minutes for the appetizers to come, it took 30 min. We had the garlic naan, some chicken and the cheese appetizer, which were all very tasty. after an hour the main courses came. I ordered chicken biryani. The rice itself was cold, the chicken pieces were hot, which suggested the chicken had been added later to it, which is not how a real biryani is cooked. I would give the chicken biryani a 5 out of 10. very boring taste, lame color. would not order this dish again from there. We ordered also 2 other chicken dishes, which were ok. nothing to die for.  
So many 1st timer reviews, all mentioning staff by name. Would not go near this place ever. Just check the reviews. 
We visited on a Friday evening as somewhere to go for a quick drink or 2. We arrived and it was pretty busy but took us a while to get served, the cocktail menu has plenty to offer but I wouldn’t suggest these are the best available in Richmond. It was okay but that’s about it. Seating area is a little all over the place we didn’t eat there but see others ordering food.  
Pros: location. Wonderfully light dinning room and bar. Very attractive clientele. They welcomed my friend’s large dog.  
Our first visit since lockdown, and the greeting was warm. Covid-19 precautions have been taken, but are not as convincing as I have seen elsewhere. Tables were more widely spread, there was hand sanitiser at the door, and staff wore face shields. Unfortunately this just directed their breath towards customers who were seated beneath them. Staff also leant across us to deliver and collect plates, so social distancing was not adhered to. Service was friendly and speedy, and some of the food was excellent. Unfortunately my chicken was overcooked and dry. 
Cosy little place for good quality breakfasts. 
Went there with my SO and the food was really good, the portions are huge! The waitress was lovely and very kind, always smiling. The only downside of the visit was the owner, a rude guy who seemed like he couldn’t tolerate the clients and looked angry all the time. He became even worse when we asked for the Eat Out Help Out discount. We are honestly thinking about not coming back because of him alone! 
I was waiting for much more I got. This place has got quite good scored here in TripAdvisor, but my experince wasn’t so good one. 
Visited this place more than few times, they offer decent food but the service and space will let you down  
Three meals Luke warm. Bacon dried up as was tomato. Sausages tasty. Nice bread with poached eggs - also good. Fried potatoes lacking in seasoning.  
We, a party of four really enjoyed the tasting menu and was pleased by the good service. The only reason my rekommandations is not a higher score is the bad choice table location!  
My husband and I have been to quite a few Michelin star restaurants and this was not that. The ambiance and decor was outdated and the room temperature was slightly chilly, the service average and the food definitely did not meet expectations. We opted for the 3 course dinner and had advised of our dietary requirements upon reservation, unfortunately this was not really accommodated. As our main contained an alcoholic jus this was omitted and no replacement given, therefore the dish lacked a sauce bringing it all together. The only dessert we could have was the hazelnut souffle, this was taken off the bill after I voiced I didn't like it, however, that left us with a course down after waiting a while for it to arrive in the first place. My mocktail was served with a plastic straw (did not expect this from a Michelin star restaurant) and the dishes we did order were all uninspiring. However, the amuse bouche was tasty and we enjoyed the refreshing rhubarb palette cleanser. Overall though, I would avoid spending your money here, there are far cheaper and tastier restaurants in London worth your time and money. 
The Makan Restaurant serves some good Malaysian food with many vegetarian options. They do a lot of takeaway business and serve many entrees from hot trays behind the counter. 
Positives: nicely decorated restaurant, reasonable prices 
This French bistro is located almost in front of Parsons Green tube station. The location is quite good and pretty nice neighborhood. 
Three of us visited and a lovely friendly waiter took our order. I had French Onion soup as a starter. Sorry but it tasted like a cup of Oxo with a BIG whole onion cut up and chucked in until softened - so much onion that there was little liquid. Just do not believe it was cooked "to"a French Onion soup recipe due to the strong beef extract flavour. Main course sirloin steak - nice - but the so-called sauce was a highly watered down sauce with very little flavour. I didn't say anything because my friend had arranged the night as a treat. Usually (Covent Gdn) I dip my frites in the Peppercorn sauce as its so yummy. This watered down liquid just ran off the chips! Its a shame some cafes water down or cheat on food - I wont be returning nor will I recommend but the loss is - the waiter was an asset to Cote. 
We came here as we spotted in on the high street and it looked lovely from outside. Inside was clean and impressive. It was vibrant and almost full (being a Sunday at 12pm and fathers day it was expected) 
Went to plum cafe for breakfast on a Saturday morning with a friend of mine visiting from the States. The atmosphere was really nice and customers and staff very friendly. It all seemed to be very relaxed and not rushed so that was definitely a plus. I had been at the cafe a few years ago and remember a really good breakfast. Unfortunately food did not meet expectations this time, the egg benedict came very quick but they were a bit bland. Maybe a re-think on the menu, ingredients and cooking methods could benefit the cafe. 
The food was quite authentic but a bit on the pricey side and the cafe grubby. The shop windows look like they haven't been cleaned for ages. I was a bit surprised that the lady topped up the cold water dispenser container with tap water (see photograph) instead of pouring out the stale water from the previous day. 
This used to be such a great Malay/Singaporean haunt and it was always so busy when we were Weekend regulars a few years ago. However we returned this weekend to find that all the prices have crept up to more standard restaurant prices and the place felt so much quieter now.  
I found curry puff. £0.80 per each great !  
We went for a light dinner and ordered a starter and few italian pasta dishes. Quality has detoriated over the years. Pasta was of average taste and small portion size. I had very nice experience in the past.  
We went this this place in the afternoon. Although I would say that this is more to CAFE than a restaurant. The food is fresh and authentic Malaysian food. We had mixed rice with beef and veggie, a little bit greasy and the portion is too little for our lunch. Don't expect any presentation on the food as everything is all in one which means everything will be put on the same plate. 
Mmmmmm. Not the best compared to many other Michelin star restaurants.  
This is a Malsysian Cafe/Takeaway with a vast range of dishes both vegetarian and meat  
Having been there a few months ago and had a much improved meal, we decided to return. It was apparent that the team was without a manager today. Being led by their sommelier. Evident good restaurants need a leader. Lobster was slightly over cooked but was of very good quality. The best dish. The beef slightly too aged for me and cold, not tepid but cold. Then the waiter asked me if I had ever had a soufflé before, as he was serving. I felt this bizarre. We had the soufflé last time, 2 months ago.  
Friendly greeting but went downhill from there. Glass of champagne was warm, not much better the second time, service too pretentious, duck dish was very poor just a nicely cooked breast of duck with a mound of orange segments and half a teaspoon of jus. Rest of the food was ok but really nothing special; very poor value for money. 
We visited here on a week night as it was located in the same street as our hotel and appeared to be busy inside. We were surprised that the waiter wasn't very courteous to us at all but was very attentive with the local diners. 
Have always been loyal to persian palace but its gone down hill 
Very nice looking inside & out right opposite the Riverside Studios. Went there for breakfast with high hopes but was greeted with unfriendly service & a luke warm breakfast. The coffee was hot & good though. 
When I am in London, I tend to go to Middle Eastern restaurants. They serve dishes that bring back memories of the island where I was born. 
My husband and I got married 3 months ago and we were gifted a Virgin Experience voucher for a set meal. We booked it following the procedure and arrived at the restaurant.  
Very friendly staff. Simple menu and very authentic dishes. Ordered a banana button and Char Kway Teow. Both were, i would say average. The banana button would be better if there were more real bananas instead of banana extract. The Char Kway Teow was not bad at first but the oiliness became a put off and we were struggling to finish it off. 
Been going to this place for a number of years, recently stopped going though as the food still remains good, the service charge is really beginning to annoy me as some people claim they don't get charged this. Also the price of soft drinks is like £2.50 for a can which is ridiculous, you can buy them for 70p across the road in Morrison's! 
While I'd love a cafe like this up the street from my house, I'd be asking them to revisit the relative quality and value of their vegetarian breakfast.  
Nice little cafe. The sort of coffee shop that wouldn't have been out of place in a 90s Hugh Grant film. Or the sort of cafe you wish you had at the end of your road. We popped in for a lunchtime meeting. I ordered a latte but what arrived was cappuccino which had (I kid you not) at least 4cm of froth. It wasn't the greatest coffee so saved my calories for a Starbucks later in the afternoon. CP redeemed itself with its granola fruit salad with yoghurt which was possibly the best I've tasted. Lots of nuts and a good selection of fruit although a bit pricey at over a fiver.  
We had the paired tasting menu which was nearly 500 pounds for us two and expected a much better experience. The food was generally good ( but the duck dish could have used a crustier skin for better texture and the salt levels of the dishes were a little inconsistent- crab was very under salted and the prawn sauce over salted) but the service was BAD and this really made the overall experience a bad one. They clearly overbooked the 730 time slot and so we spent a long time waiting. Often with no food. No wine. No waiter checking in to see if we needed anything. The servers were all male and several seemed more interested in having fun prancing about then making sure their customers were tended to. One waiter ended up knocking over and breaking water which went flying on a patron. We all had to watch the staff for 5 minutes clean up the mess. A waiter made a joke about this to us. Not funny. The restaurant is not worth it and a shame to those who really expected more for a Michelin rated restaurant  
We had lunch there recently. The restaurant appears to have expanded in size and it also looks like it is under new management. Service was efficient but the food was mediocre at best. We were there around 1 p.m. and the restaurant was virtually empty. Hmm. 
I've been at this restaurant twice. One with friend, another one with family.  
My boyfriend took me here on his recommendation having eaten here previously. I'll start with the good points. Friendly greeting, seated straight away & the service was quick. Maybe too quick. Our starters arrived before our mains. But no matter. The food was delicious. I've not eaten meat so tender! I had the cubed lamb & chicken. As we left, the restaurant was already half full which for a Wednesday in the middle of January is quite something! The portion sizes are massive so defo ask for a doggy bag. We did! So, the bad points: the restaurant smelled like a toilet. That weird musty smell with overtones of toilet cleaner. Slightly off putting. And there was a hair in my rice. Probably won't visit again just for those two things but it wasn't bad enough that I wanted to walk out or complain.  
Have visited this restaurant on and off for several years now usually opting for the chicken or Lamb Kebab combinations. Restaurant is busy with very friendly service but unfortunately the food doesn’t quite hit the mark. I think they used too much bicarbonate of soda in the Kebabs to make them larger. This causes a drying effect in your mouth making you thirsty. 
It's easy to turn into Craig Revel Horwood when reviewing a restaurant which should be 5 star but doesn't quite make it. 
Quick pit stop en route to catch a train and was impressed by the fast service. Beer, meatballs and a quick pizza.  
reasonably priced, good menu choice, service OK, but that's it, convenient, it does what it says on the box. I had risotto and glass of wine, and no issues, probably will revisit at some point. 
Main course comes in a very large place that can be shared between 2 people 
Ate here for lunch. I would definitely recommend trying a bunch of the starters, and their bread is fresh cooked. However, one person in our group is vegetarian and there weren't many entree options for her besides starters. 
I've stopped by this place a few times over the past few weeks. The first time I had the roti canai for breakfast - I wouldn't say that it's authentic, it looked and tasted like the frozen packs you would find in some supermarkets that had been pan-fried. Good roti canai back home is so much more springy and tasty - it's a bit hard to explain but I'm sure those of you who have tried it would agree. 
All in all dining or having lunch in this restaurant is not a bad idea. The food is of good quality. Te place is clean and spacious with nice & friendly staff. Nonetheless I think there are at least one or two persian restaurant that offer better for the same money. 
My wife and I went to Petrus as we had been given a “Taste of Petrus” voucher for a wedding present. I was really excited about going, but ultimately I left feeling slightly underwhelmed. Don’t get me wrong - the food was excellent, and delicious - but the venue itself just didn’t do it for me (for example, the gents’ loos are tiny) and the service was not quite as polished as I would have liked. Finally, despite having the food covered, the bill was still pretty punchy! I’d go back again for the food, but in all honesty only if someone else was paying. 
We ate here as it was close to our hotel and offered a 'Local' 20% discount off food. The server was quite pleasant but seemed rather stressed, given that we arrived quite early in the evening before the restaurant became rushed. We very much enjoyed our Rosemary Bread with Olive Tapenade Dip, but were surprised when another waitress arrived with our main courses before we had finished the bread. Our server asked her to take them back. Of course, we wondered if they were just stuck under a heater to keep warm until we were ready for them. When the mains came they were warm and tasty. However, there was far too much penne pasta in my dish which I had chosen because it was supposed to be a 'small' portion. The 'Pink Smash' gin cocktails were delicious. A nice meal spoilt by the general atmosphere of staff rushing everything.  
We walked into this restaurant to blaring music. Our waitress was rude, we had a voucher which we had given as a Christmas present, it was not cheap, our waitresses attitude stank as if we were the poor relations. We were then goven a different menu, not a lot of choise and the deserts did not cater for one of our party who is a Diabetic.  
Every detail typically has to be very special for a restaurant to earn a Michelin star. Maybe Pétrus was once like that, but no longer. This is not to say that dinner wasn’t good, it was. It was OK. But it was well below what I was expecting. We started with Foie Gras, which was a generous size, but thick and terribly under done. Virtually raw. 
Average all round. Some of food had to be recooked and was dry. 
Went here for breakfast. 
We have been here many times. We have two older children. The restaurant is well suited for families with kids whilst providing suitable food for adults. Our favourite dish is the steak & fries but their fish pie is also quite good. Locale right off Parson's Green is good too. There will be many families there however...be warned. :-)  
Fairly valued. Food is just good.  
A family lunch on a budget. We chose the fixed price lunch menu (2 courses £10 3 courses £12) and added a few appetisers. The 12.5% service charge on top was not unexpected but I nearly opted not to pay it. There were loads of staff doing very little and certainly customer service was not a priority. We each paid £2 extra to have steak frites which would have been ok if the steaks had been less insipid.  
A very well run restaurant with welcoming professional staff, and very good value lunch menu at about 11 quid for two courses. My risotto was however not up to scratch, but not bad enough to send back. As others have said, mostly reliable, and I would return. 
I went for breakfast with my teenage children . The food was good the service was friendly . 
We went to Cote during a busy weekday night, fortunately with a reservation. Still had to wait. Maitre 'd was clearly overly busy and barely had time for necessary politeness. Ambiance was lovely, unfussy and very crowded. My companion ordered the set menu (very good value!) and I opted for cassoulet. Food was well executed, minute steak perfect, chips crispy and cassoulet full of flavour (thyme, tomato etc). Thoroughly enjoyed. Now here is were it gets tricky- I decided to save half my cassoulet for the next day. The waitress informed that they do not have takeaway containers and it will be foil wrapped. Ok, I guess. Desert was pretty ordinary and we were ready to leave only to remember that I had takeaway. Upon asking the waitress was very doubtful and told us that they had forgotten it. She did not offer any compensation. To end the dinner on a good note the Maitre'D fully comped the missing cassoulet. Like I said mistakes happen and I will probably try another branch of Cote. 
Visited here for quick meal and found the restaurant to serve ok Italian food . Starters of prawns and calamari tasty. We had pizza for mains and good to. Staff very friendly and helpful. Wine list is very poor for Italian restaurant and only four res and four whites available. Overall good for quick turnaround. 
Good for an early evening meal but the food and service average. We had a pleasant bottle of Riesling and main course of cod. 
We only had coconut cake, cookies and tea here but they were good value! The take away curries looked good and a lot of people were ordering them! 
Or the previous reviews are works of fiction.  
the food won't blow your mind but you shouldn't expect that anyway from the price range 
I was there with a cousin and nieces. The dishes looked so yummy but instead of having rice with the dishes we decided to have Seafood Laksa and Fried Kway Teow. Big mistake for the Laksa. The gravy tasted different from the Laksa that we usually have. It was quite thick with the coconut milk and Laksa without the Laksa leaves are not supposed to be called Laksa. The seafood which was prawns and squids were frozen seafood. The fried Kway Teow was quite good. I leave it as benefit at doubts coz we didn't try the other dishes. 
Comparing it to other similar 1-Michelin restaurants, we felt that Petrus lacked the ‘wow’ factor. Everything was objectively good from the service to atmosphere to food but there was something lacking. I would have been surprised to find out the restaurant had a Michelin star if I hadn’t already had prior knowledge. 
Average brasserie food. Same as any Cote, wherever you would be. Nothing specific, nothing strikes me there. Really noisy ( bad isolation so amazing resonance). I should not have gone. If you like Cote brasserie, then you should like it. Staff made mistake in our order, on top....waited for 3 person to be served, of course 2 others were cold by then.  
This chain restaurant located near Paddington station is nice, clean, and has good food, not great, but I wasn’t expecting great. They have a wide selection of Italian inspired foods. The manager was terrific. It was convenient and often that is important to a tired business traveler. It’s an easy walk from any of the hotels near Paddington. Also very reasonably priced. 
good place for family dinners, decent service. Very similar to surrounding restaurants, Reasonably priced. 
First off, the men waiters were exceptional, made us (party of 6)welcome and relax.  
Have to say it was a bit disappointing. I've been to several of Ramsays restaurants, including the original, and this is the first time I've felt ripped off. Great food but small portions at enormous prices. They also seemed to do nice little tours of the kitchens, but even though we were one of the first tables to sit down, apparently we weren't worth it. 
We have visited several branches of Cote and were very disappointed with our Sunday brunch at Parsons Green. Ordered the formule ( i.e full English). Bacon had hardly touched the edge of the pan and was flabby and unappealing. Had to ask twice for the toast and apple juice. Waitress not particularly helpful. Nice coffee and good atmosphere but would always go back to the Wimbledon Cote in preference. 
This place is cramped for space and gets so busy on wknds service is quick but doesnt compensate for the average food and tight tables im afraid 
Every year my husband and I go on a "foodie break" to sample the best of what London has to offer. To be honest, we have often been disappointed with some of the Michelin-starred restaurants and have wondered how our experience must have been so different to the Michelin assessor who allocated the star. This is one such case. There was no problem with the food, although the praline soufflé was rather "eggy" and if I had made it, I would have made a few adjustments to the recipe before serving it to guests. We had the 3 courses for £85, so thought it a bit mean to add £10 for my husband's turbot when the ingredients on their own wouldn't have even been £10! Portions are small as is to be expected at such establishments - for example my starter was just one scallop and my main just two small medallions of venison, but that is no surprise, as it is quality over quantity. However, the biggest disappointment was the service. When we ordered our aperitifs, I asked if they had any Vermouth. The waiter didn't seem to understand so just handed me the drinks menu where Vermouth wasn't included, so I was just left waiting and no one came back to take my order. My husband was served his drink (he always asks for whatever lager they serve, as London beer isn't worth drinking if you are from the North!) so I asked for the wine by the glass menu. He eventually brought it, but didn't come back so had to flag him down to order. When the food menus were brought, he didn't bring the main wine list so had to ask for that also. Then when we placed our order we were asked to choose our dessert as well as the starter and main, which is most unusual. When we got up to leave, we found our coats just draped over a chair at the entrance. I have no problem putting my own coat on, but if you are paying Michelin star prices, you expect Michelin star service, and this wasn't it. It was a Monday night, so maybe they dumb down on that day. They apparently have a dress code, which we had abided by, but the man on the table next to us had made no effort at all, compared to his girlfriend,and was wearing a white T shirt and jeans, so do they have a dress code or not? I am afraid that this restaurant is on my "not worth trying again" list. 
It was my first time in a Persian restaurant with friends. 
Went for the dinner with my family who were visiting London. The restaurant was busy, but not full. It took us more than 15 minutes to be able to order our drinks and after another 15 minutes we still didn't have them. When we asked the waitress about it, she answered in a very blasé way that she would bring them when they were ready and then started going on about how the restaurant was busy and she was working by herself. Honestly when I complain about service I expect an apology and some kind of reassurance, don't want to hear about the establishment's problems.  
The place it nice, and very busy I have eaten here twice, For the Money you do get very big portions, The Staff are very welcoming. The only grip I found was that my lamb chops I orders seem to taste a bit bland and have to eaten without sauce.  
The restaurant was busy - mid-week evening - but the staff were able to provide good and friendly service. You won't go hungry as the portions are large, but I would say that the food was fairly bland. I don't know if that is just what you should expect from Persian cuisine or not! 
Been here several times and the food is lovely. The minced lamb kebab is the best.  
On a late, sorry darling I forgot its your birthday visit, I took darling Mr H to Persian Palace. Parking was opposite right by Molana's restaurant ( 5/5 restaurant!) I've heard loads of great things about Persian palace and how lovely it is.  
All the signs are good - smart comfortable restaurant with a menu that would suit most tastes - loads to choose from. Service efficient and friendly. Starter for my partner scallops - large good quality scallops but they were undercooked - nothing worse than scallops that have been over done but these were large and raw through. We both had a Boeuf Bourginon which was really bland - sauce lacked any depth and even seasoning was lacking - no richness in colour and meat didn't melt in the mouth as it should - pieces small and scrappy - this was a very poor interpretation like a insipid stew. Had gone there on recommendation so maybe this was a bad day.  
Had a £9.95 for 2 courses lunch. Food was good but microscopic portions and not particularly friendly staff, unfortunately. Maybe they're better and more welcoming in the evenings. 
Very expensive. Unfortunately because we had a group of 8 they limited our menu choices on the ala carte menu to 2, which I thought was ridiculous. The service was attentive. The beef main course was mediocre at best. The folks who had fish enjoyed it. Very small portions. Surprised a Gordon Ramsey restaurant wasn’t superb. 
It has been 3 years since my last visit (and review) here, with a change of Chef I decide for a return visit. On entering, the lighting is subdued, so you feel like your entering somebody's front room and it feels like it. The dining room is well worn and looks shabby, time for a full refurb and brightening up. The receptionist was polite, and the start of an interesting service began.....first, the receptionist and waiter couldn't decide who was going to take me to the table (almost a verbal argument ensued!) 
We booked a table for five people on Monday evening. I had had positive reviews from friends and was looking forward to dining there. Am afraid I won't be returning to the Parson's Green branch. 
Food's tasty nothing special. The seatings very cramped. The size of the tables are very small for how big the main course plate sizes are.  
The menu at Cote focuses on good interpretations of classic French brasserie dishes like moules frites, steak tartare, and steak frites. During the summer they sometimes have live music, usually jazz, which adds to the buzzy atmosphere. Cote is very good value in general, and even more so if you come for lunch or an early dinner and get one of their prix fixe menus. Service is friendly and efficient. 
There was an excellent atmosphere in this contemporary Breton restaurant when we ate here on a Friday evening but the service was not the best. Our starters appeared very quickly and were fantastic but the mains were very slow in arriving and although the steaks were good the chicken was overlooked and very dry. To be fair they didn't charge for the chicken but it spoilt what had promised to be a 5 star meal.  
I went to Persian palace with my family again after long time on Friday 22 Jan as it was weekend night place was really busy we were luck to find the table quickly staters were soso and dry but main mix plater was nice staff was helpful you can try this place once If like to have Iranian food I will go Alunak in base-water Queensway  
Our first time here at Petrus for my husband and I. Firstly the service was very good and the restaurant has a lovely ambience. We opted for the tasting menu which was quite mixed in terms of things we liked and didn’t. The starting courses were just ok, the mains were good and the desserts were so so. All were very well presented. Great selection of wine and our Chablis was beautiful. They brought down a little chocolate surprise for my birthday and a card which was a nice touch, we also got a tour of the kitchen which we really appreciated. All in all it was a nice evening but for the price we wouldn’t return again. 
Visited petrus for for my wifes birthday lunch. First impressions were not good as front entrance you are greeted by some snot green utility fencing and a hole in the pavement right outside front door.  
I had meatballs to start which were delicious, however the main meal let the whole experience down. My seafood pasta was really bland with hardly any mussels in the mussels shells. My partners pizza was also very tasteless. Service was okay.  
Arrived there as dropped in. The first service giver was kind and smiling when he showed us the table. But the order reciever was hard talking, unkind, critical and unflexiable. 
It was a very hot evening in the Paddington area and unfortunately the small outside seating area was filled around 7pm. We ate inside where there was no air conditioning which is normal for London. Service was great though slow prep by the kitchen. Food was good and filling. Would return. 
We dined here on a muggy night and there was no air conditioning. We found the service slow but the food was tasty. 
The service atmosphere did not help the experience. 
Food was good however I opted for smaller pasta portion with side salad which came with no dressing so a bit plain. Girl serving struggled to understand us and I think she was new so was at sixes and sevens. Ordered olives which never came but were on the bill and had to chase wine. Coffee was luke warm. 
Came here a few months back for a birthday, and loved the deco and the general feel of the place. It was buzzing with people.  
This is good value for money. Pretty good service, but slightly lacking in taste. I would go back again however. 
The mixed rice plus the dishes (nasi padang) were good, although it could be improved with services from the queue and space. The teh tarik was good, not too sweet not too tasteless. Overall a good joint for stopover after a good walk of Portobello Road Market. 
This place is so tired and would benefit from a major refurbishment or a move. Great cuisine and service but nowadays that is not enough 
Been going to Cote for quite a long time and I used to absolutely love their crab mayonnaise, but to my surprise, for some reason, the management have decided to remove it from the menu, so I am on a crusade to get it put back on again. Meanwhile I am reduced to eating kid's sausage and mash, as they don't offer it for grown ups. 
The first thing I noticed on entering was the buzz of conversation among the diners - nice to come in to. Our orders were taken promptly, only one drink forgotten but quickly rectified, and the children's meals came quickly. The adults' food followed fairly quickly, and was quite acceptable without getting anywhere near the WOW factor. Our waiter did the bare minimum, but never tried to engage with us, and in fact we had to go hunting for him in the end to ask for our bill. So, in summary, food and drink okay, atmosphere buzzy, but service not up to standard. 
Yes, the food is cheap. 
Firstly ... I've been here loads of times and used to love the kebabs on bread. Had it this time and was good but not as good as I remembered. I would have given it four this time (and five on previous visits) but it only gets three as my wife has a reaction to onions and was told the soup definitely didn't have onions/leaks/shallots etc ... yet my wife was ill afterwards with all the symptoms. I will visit again myself but not with my wife 
Ate here last night with my wife.Service was fine no complaints but not outstanding.Starters my wife had humous I had aubergine with walnuts.They made really nice fresh bread but you had to purchase this seperatly.One portion between two was enough.Portion was generous ,we could have shared a starter. 
After reading several good reviews about this restaurant, I decided to visit them. I had the chicken satay and rice with meat options. The chicken satay was bone dry and no flavour. Even the satay sauce was not able revive the dry chicken. I asked for the murtaba, but they did have anymore left. The meat options were ok and compared to other Malaysian options not so great.  
We had an excellent lunch there and enjoyed the environment, it was just a pity the waiter we had was either inept or poorly trained. 
Made a booking for two adults and a child, specifically requesting a high chair. Upon arrival, there was no high chair at our table. No biggie, I asked the hostess if she could bring one, and she said yes. Ten minutes later, still no high chair, and I've got a wiggly toddler on my lap this whole time. I flag down our server and ask him for a high chair. He says yes. Another five minutes go by, and no high chair. (Mind you, the restaurant was only maybe half full.) Finally, I got up to go get one myself. There was a whole stack of them near the front door, right next to where the hostess and another employee were leaning up against the wall chatting with one another. When I picked up the high chair, they just watched me do it, and I carried the chair myself back to our table. Was a bit annoyed about that. 
The ambient is cozy, fine. The food is not so great as the place in itself. Nothing specially good or remarkable. 
This place got very busy on the evening we visited. Popular with the local Iranian community, many of whom bring their children for an evening meal. If you don't like buzz and noise this restaurant is not for you. 
Visited yesterday and I’m not quite sure what we ate...cassoulet?! Beans swimming in water with a burnt meat (duck?!) and one tasteless sausage...? 
good to spend a family lunch with children. Good service and pleasant atmosphere. It also has other branches all over London that are also worth trying. 
We found this place through Travel Advisor, positive & negative comments were 50/50. 
I had lunch there today with my Singaporean wife, and since this place has been here years and looked busy we had higher hopes. I ordered Singapore laksa [with chicken], and my wife had fried kway teow with prawns. Placing the order and the food arriving was swift/fine, the waitress friendly (and table and place as a whole seemed clean). The dishes were around £7-8 each. Chilled water and cups are available [free] on the counter for those who want it. I'm writing with from the experience of having lived in Singapore for 4 years. My wife's kway teow was authentic, complete with the lovely slightly smokey wok fried edge to it. It was a good portion too, luckily, as I ended up eating about 1/3rd of it. My laksa didn't turn out as well for me. It was made with vermicelli noodles ['angel hair'] which isn't right, laksa noodles are rice noodles that resemble spaghetti in size; a lot thicker. The soup [aka 'gravy' to a Singaporean] had a very good flavour, but was too thin. It would usually contain more coconut and so be thicker, and also rich. There was also too much gravy, so my dish resembled a bowl of soup, with noodles etc hidden on the bottom of the bowl. Eating the soup was difficult as rather than a 'Chinese soup spoon', or a western soup spoon, they had small western dinner spoons. The laksa has a looot of soup to try and eat with a small/shallow spoon like that. The soup was piping hot, so I had to take some noodles out onto a separate plate and let them cool off before I could eat them. The soup aside the quantity of noodles and chicken was quite a lot smaller than expected. It was when I was staring at the enviably large other dishes being brought to surrounding tables that my wife offered me some of her kway teow. To make the laksa more authentic [IME] it could have perhaps 1/2 the soup, twice as thick, use laksa noodles, and be more generous with them. - I also had a bowl of laksa at Phat Phuc Noodle Bar off King's Road recently, and they show it can be done authentically in London at a decent price. We will eat here again, I feel I just got unlucky so won't order laksa again, as said the Kway Teow was good, the other dishes I saw appeared generous in comparison. 
Good grilled chicken and lamb but they need more spice 
We were hungry so popped in for lunch. We had Thai green chicken curry, rice and vegetables. The chicken was cheap and salty, it was more a chicken ham, watered down and cheap tasting.. However, my other half had lamb curry and loved it. We also wanted fresh mint tea but they didn't have it.  
Nice place to sit in, cutlery and table look clean, service is poor for some reason also noticed on several occasions staff only speak to arabic or persian families the rest they do not really attend too and keep you waiting so no tips for you! 
Really good place to spend some time with friends, and one of the good things of this place is that you can bring with you the alcohol :) because the don’t sell alcohol. Great place.  
After a long queue we got a table. Ordered a platter which usually has four types of skewers, salad and rice. It took 30 mins for them to bring out... 30 is a normal average time for any restaurant but watching other people having their food who came after us piss u off.  
Generally the food was very good, my problem was with the choices. We went via Secret Escapes and therefore had a very restricted menu which did not change during our stay. The main course offering was one meat dish and one fish dish together with two veggie dishes (plus a steak if you wanted to pay extra). That's fine if you are there for one or two nights but any longer becomes difficult. I suggest either a meal of the day in addition to the menu choices. or making the restriction a financial one by saying you have an allowance of, say, £25.00 to put against any choice from the main a la carte menu. 
Stayed at the hotel between 23rd - 26th August 2019. We enjoyed several drinks at the bar during our stay. The staff were lovely and friendly. 
This is not fine dining. Its good value, good food for hungry people who are not concerned about customer service or having to sit close to other diners. The place is crowded and has a bit of a cramped feel to it. Not a problem unless its very busy. Good for a cheap family eat out. Do not expect to much in the way of customer service though and expect long waits on busy nights. 
Managed by malaysian, malay dishes n their favourite drink teh tarik n kopi O.Located towards end of Portobello Road. Always full on Saturdays, since restaurant located within Bayswater/ Queensway/NottingHill - frequent by malaysian tourists.Taste is ok, advise stay away on Saturdays as too crowded n "cook" may rush in preparation, thus the ok ok taste only. 
Look it's geneally reheated food, not a restaurant fresh cooking as such.. But good, warm food- at round £7 a dish. The curries are nice to eat with some mee goreng noodles, or nasi lemak rice, a beef rendang stew. It'll be reasoble price by Notting Hill standards 
To start with, when we got in they didn’t take our jackets, I knew then it wasn’t up to my expectations. A couple of nights ago we went for a casual meal in Shoreditch and we were both asked if we wanted to leave our jackets. (They will probably justify this with some Covid nonsense) 
Great food. Me and my wife got the tasting menu and since she was pregnant they quickly replaced each course she couldn’t eat. We were catered to extremely well upon arrival. But unfortunately the longer we were there we became forgotten about. I ordered the wine pairing and the worker took my wine glass before I could get wine. We were given desert menus despite the fact we ordered the tasting menu. So many people in the restaurant looked confused or did not have a clue what was going on. Everyone kept running into each other. Our server did not come to our table after the 2nd or 3rd course. Our food would be waiting on the tray with the red coat employees and the red coat employees would end up serving it. This was not the issue. The issue was our server saw this but decided to ignore it and move on. You do not go to Michelin 1 star restaurants and spend that amount of money and expect to be ignored. It was sad and a huge let down. Great start but terrible after that. Luckily the food was good but probably will not return.  
Visited last week a group of four of us we all ordered different dishes, 2burgers, fish and chips and a veggie bake apart from the bake the other 3 dishes tasted so bland that if you closed your eyes and tried each one you honestly would not be able to tell the difference. How the chef managed to produce 3 such tasteless meals was just weird it all looked very tasty but tasted of nothing. 
6 of us booked for lunch on a Saturday  
Quiet location used by students who were working away on their laptops, outside was a pleasant area to sit and watch the world go by 
Went for Sunday lunch. Food portions were large with a good selection of veg, but meat was disappointing. Beef looked like it was pre-sliced and reheated. Chicken was big but did not look like a roast. Side orders were disappointing. Cauliflower cheese was cauliflower in white sauce with cheese melted on top. Crackling was inedible. Staff were friendly and decor is good so overall ok, but food nothing special 
Visited for Sunday lunch with the family. We went straight into the mains: my wife and son had the Sea bass, I had the fish cakes and my daughter had the smaller size fish and chips portion from the main menu. 
Nice setting, conservatory where we sat, and outdoor area too. We have been many times before with excellent service and good food but other than the young girl who served us, offhand attitude. Food not great either, fish wasn’t cooked properly, wouldn’t rush back. 
Used to visit lovely old Robin Hood regularly as did my friends.Chefs recommendations were the dishes we used to go for great selection of meat or fish with various potatoes and fresh vegetables,sorry but the main menu can get in my local the Plough in Cuffley as most pubs around where chefs cannot cook appeared fresh food.Have been back twice June only suitable dish was supreme of chicken was delicious potatoes and veg in sauce only dish worth ordering. 
I went with my friends on my trip to london, because we don't have Michelin rated restaurants in Brisbane. Maybe my hopes were too high in terms of food, because I found the foods average with nothing special about them except their saltiness. The only food I found the flavours interesting was foei gras parfait, but it was also salty. 
Carbonara linguine were OK, burrata didnt have any taste and the restaurant got really chilled as they were receving some deliveries for 30 minutes, the whole time that we were there. Service was very friendly otherwise. 
Stopped for coffee on a Monday lunchtime. Only 1 other table had customers so almost as many staff. Coffee was nice & hot and served in clean cups. Lots of free parking. 
I'm not usually a complainer but sadly this experience was not good. Slow main course service - one hour to serve, then after 1 hour 45 min I had to ask for desert menus because nobody attended or offered help. Deserts served fairly promptly but no cutlery provided until asked for, then the waiter just dumped a pile of spoons on the end of the table. The staff did threir job but in a seemingly disinterested way. 
Went out with friends for the first time. Tables were very close to the next person on the table, I ended up knocking elbows. Felt quite up close n very personal. 
The restaurant is quite large and often busy, particularly weekend evenings (I have eaten here a few times). Every time I have been the welcome at the door has been very subdued, it makes you wonder if they want the business. The tables are pretty squashed together and as the restaurant is busy it's really noisy. The last time I went, my boyfriend and I were placed on a table pretty much joined to either table next to us and behind a large group of kids, we literally sat down and realised this wasn't going to work as we couldn't hear each other speak! We asked to move but it seemed like it was a big hassle to the waiter and a waitress came over to me and told me they're fully booked despite there being about 10 tables free! They eventually moved us to somewhere a little less invasive. The waitress that served us was lovely, I wish they were all like that, she had a smile on her face and was very helpful. The food doesn't take long to come to the table and is pretty tasty, can't say it's the best food of this cuisine I've ever had, in fact I know two other restaurants that are much much better in quality and service! But the price is ok, we paid around £40 for 2 main meals and a meze starter (no alcohol). The atmosphere is good in the restaurant, it's buzzy and has good vibes. But the service of some of the waiters/waitresses lets this place down big time! 
The interior looks great with various Persian decorations, and the crack team of staff dressed in snazzy uniforms are friendly. The mournful tones of Googoosh’s brilliant music provide the soundtrack to your ample meal. Large portions befitting of a Zoroastrian feast greet you and for good value prices. No alcohol licence however, but the 60p cups of tea will keep you suitably refreshed until you can make your way to a nearby boozer afterwards. My only real complaint is the lack of vegetarian main courses, although the okra dish is very pleasant. I would suggest the addition of ghormeh sabzi to enhance the otherwise fine menu. 
We were supposed to be in Dublin for a weekend break , except the Great Air Traffic mess up grounded us in London ! So we ended up in Persian Palace as ,by our experience ,you don't necessarily need a booking ! That's is logically means either way of the scale too quiet or too busy. Pleased to see a fair queue of people pressed up inside the the entrance next to a "Nuclear" oven churning the hot delicious Persian "Taaftoon" Bread. I immediately realised this is a authentic copy of Iranian Eatery Restaurant which means Great Food but in a conveyor system of service mixed with fast pace sit eat leave as quick as they like you to do it ! So we waited ; didn't take too long to get a small table for 2. The starter platter arrived as quick as lightening and yet again had to ask for more ice to cool down the Coke from boiling Temperature ! I went for safety in numbers aske two of the Ant like waiters and one pleasant young girl finally came back with it. Btw this is a BYO but I won't bother no time for corking or pampering! 
This was our second night at one of Gordon Ramsays restaurants, having been at the Maze Grill on Park Walk the night before. The food and service was excellent at the Maze Grill so I expected more of the same this evening. 
Visited this restaurant as a party of 8. The food was delicious as you would expect from a Michelin starred restaurant. Expensive yes, but you don’t come to a restaurant like this expecting a cheap meal! The portions were extremely small, but this is normal for this type of restaurant. There were many amuse-bouches during the course of the meal, & together with the bread, meant we left the restaurant feeling suitably satisfied. Without these extra items though, we would have left feeling hungry.  
Popped in here while in London. We were promptly served. Menu was ok but disappointed few things off the menu for a big chain like this. Mushroom starter was undercooked on the larger mushrooms, partners chicken starter was ok. Drinks are a little pricey for what you get. But the waitress service was fine and it wasn’t too busy which also made it nice. Would return but would order different dishes  
I feel mean to give Pétrus such an average rating but I feel that if you are thinking of going for anything more than the £45 set menu, then there are much better options for a fine dining experience.  
Me and my husband and my two kids (5months and 2 years old) went to Persian palace and we were charged 'service charge'... Firstly I think its not fair to pay 10% service charge and secondly the waiteress and waiters are so moody,not even a little smile on their faces.we waited 30mins for our food and when it came it was cold!!! So I duno why they charge service charge when they can't even give you a proper service and on top the staff expect a tip in the end which is so stupid coz we're already paying them the service charges for their moody services.x 
This is my second time here, the first time I was here with my friend it was all good. Good food and good service. The second time which was not too long ago was with my sister. The service was not quite the same, they did not serve us limencello like i could see they served other guest upon arrival ( I received that last time) and I could however see that other guest got that treatments. Honestly it was not a big deal, but I dont see why the difference in how they treat their customers.  
Our food was faultless, delicious and beautifully presented. The service throughout our evening was efficient but there was no warmth or character from any of the staff. They were going through the motions but from our experience needed some personality, engagement - even humour. A nice evening, but a month on we don't reflect as a special night out. I think a restaurant with this standing and pedigree should give a 'wow' factor experience and fond memories - we have neither. 
Pre booked a table for 7 on a Sunday lunchtime, after enjoying a drink in a busy bar area we were seated promptly at 2 pm. A very busy restaurant, we eventually were able to order our starters and mains, starters arrived and they were as ordered and really tasty. Once we had finished our starters no one came to clear the table of plates and glasses. We then awaited our mains.....we had to move dirty plates and glasses from our table and look for fresh cutlery ourselves, the restaurant was so busy that there were no staff around to ask to clear the table. After a very long wait two of the mains arrived which was a sharing platter of lamb shoulder with veg for two, we had to start eating the lamb as it would have become cold. The children’s meal had arrived but we were still waiting on the other 4 meals, 3 chicken meals eventually made its way out of kitchen but before arriving at table was returned to kitchen as they realised it was wrongly plated and the wrong chicken dish. I will not go into the total mix up of the meals but it was ridiculous. No sauces to accompany the lamb/ chicken/ beef arrived at the table, we had to ask for mint sauce for the lamb and a dish arrived which had obviously been used by other diners and had hardly any sauce in it, the final straw really was the cauliflower cheese which was a complete joke, it had definitely been left in an oven and had totally dried out. We were told by waiting staff that they were sorry but the kitchen was down by 3 staff... not our problem. We asked to speak to Manager and she agreed that what we had experienced was totally unacceptable, 3 of our party which had ordered the chicken reordered different meals which arrived as described on the menu. All food which eventually arrived was of a good standard. The Manager took all main courses off the bill and gave us a discount on the drinks. Such a shame that waiting staff are not honest with customers, if there is going to be a delay in food please let us know, maybe offer a complimentary drink while you wait. We so enjoyed the company of friends and family on that day, it’s just a shame about service/ food. 
Nice cozy venue but service and food poor and over priced. Hummus with advocado and peppers starter was a this layer of hummus a couple of bits of sloppy advocado and 3 thin strips of red pepper and far too much dry pitta bread. Prawn curry main dish consisted of nothing short of a bowl of curry sauce with 6 shrimps and a sliced tomato floating in it. We asked for more prawns which came and in fact were proper prawns. The fishcake dish was one burned fishcake, loads of boiled potatoes cut in half and a few raw spinach leaves. We waited ages for our mains to arrive then after ordering one desert an 5 coffees we waited again and had to chase them up in fact.  
Conveniently located a block away from our hotel.  
Lunch for two on a Friday. Initial impressions good; polite but not obsequious staff, pleasantly lit and decorated room dominated by a huge round wine “cellar” which has the added benefit of separating the tables and making things almost private. Comfortable seats and table at the correct height. Then the food started! Starters: leek and truffle tartlet covered by a bland sauce and pasta parcels filled with a watery and not very fishy halibut brandade, four tiny pieces of burnt onion and some okay sea vegetables. Mains: we both had a cylindrical(!?) fillet of cod on undercooked lentils in an under seasoned and flavoured seafood sauce with a few mussels. Puddings: a circle of creamy milk chocolate, four thin slices of banana - tasteless - a lacy olive oil “biscuit” a quenelle of cheesy cream and a pointless vomit of foam. The other pud was red praline of uncertain origin with a nicely flavoured lychee and rose sorbet. Overall the amuse bouche and palate cleansers were nicer than the rest of the food. We had no wine nor aperitifs but it still came to £60 a head. Enjoyed it BUT . . . 
Ate here with my wife during a London visit. Never tried Ask before, but we have been fortunate to eat many Italian meals in Britain and in Italy over the years. 
We have been infrequent visitors to this restaurant in the past, not having been for a number of years. Last week we had to return a risotto dish in a Zizzi restaurant which was appalling and decided to come to our nearest Ask restaurant to eat risotto, to be told that they had run out of risotto rice! This really is unacceptable for a chain restaurant!We had seafood linguini and lasagne which were very average. 
Have been to the Robin Hood for a late lunch on two occasions lately both have been pretty good the more mature staff are fantastic the less mature need to get there act together the burger was great on my first visit on my second visit I had roast beef it was over cooked which was disappointing with a Yorkshire pudding that needed a very strong pair of teeth the surrounding are extremely pleasant just needs a little more dedication to details and staff training 
Visited on Fathers Day. A decent roast dinner starting from £10.95. Chose roast turkey, came with all the trimmings, which was delicious. Service could be better, we were left waiting for table even though we had a booking. Car parks at either side of pub and garden at back.  
We visited the pub this afternoon as we wanted somewhere that would take dogs. The staff were very friendly and brought over a water bowl for the dog, on the whole the staff were attentive and helpful, however had limited knowledge of the wines. 
This was a great place to eat, when we eventually got our food! 
Like all chains we enjoyed the food but feel it lacks flair. It all seems mass produced. Saying that the staff are pleasant it's a nice looking restaurant and the food is reasonably priced. If you're close by and need a quick meal then it's ideal.  
The good: 
Lovely setting 
Early lunch time visit. Pub opened 30 minutes later than advertised. Nice sharing platters and fast service as only a few customers. 
A Christmas Eve fixed menu with no alternatives. 
Good service and reasonable prices but not sure the food is worth a return visit. I had pollo penne in mushroom and white wine sauce that came with the smallest salad I ever had. It was a bit too bland for my taste and the sauce was not reduced as I am accustomed to. Had a glass of Trebbiano. Dessert, tiramisu, was quite nice. Modern decor. Noisy when half full so probably not great for conversation if crowded. Outdoor seating...too cool when I was there. 
They serve you a small watery Limoncello at the beginning of the meal, which is odd since it's a digestif and served at the end of the meal. In my opinion, a much more authentically Italian (I have been to Italy 3 times) restaurant is Bizarro's just down the street. 
We visited here as a family of four adults for an early evening meal before a gig at Wembley . 
We had a nice main meal (roast pork) tasty meat and great Yorkshire pudding and the crackling was very good, which is not a given. Pudding was very average though, if that. Cherry pie was cold and the custard very bland. The Eve’s pudding had no sultanas and hardly any other filling so was essentialy just sponge. All desserts my party ordered were not great except for the waffle which was highly recommended. We had one nice waitress and the other two that served us did not crack a smile once even when smiled at which was really disappointing. A nice meal due to the company I was in and very pleasant surroundings but don’t expect a warm welcome from the staff. Staff training required - friendliness is basic. 
A great pub with a lovely atmosphere. Problem with the menu - all the main course veggie and vegan dishes were based around beetroot- and I loathe beetroot. It’s a bit like having a meat based menu based on only one type of meat. You wouldn’t do that- so please look holistically at your menus and offer genuine choices.  
Visited the Robin Hood today with my wife and daughters to have lunch after Christmas shopping. We had a pre booked three course lunch which they got right. Everyone had the correct items.  
Met with family here, very standard food nothing special if I’m honest. Staff were very inattentive and lacked a smile, we had to ask for our table to be cleared and were left without drinks for a good hour before having to ask for drinks. Staff could do with some serious training and show more willingness. Poor service overall and like I said food ok. 
I went for a dinner recommended by the hotel receptionist. Nice place, well located and modern atmosphere. Nice team of waiters which serves the client with a smile. 10% tip deserved for the whole team. 
Entertaining some Italian friends, we arrived at 21-55 and the 1st thing the manager did was look at his watch [advertises being open to 23-00]. Possibly the worst Italian food we've ever attempted to eat with lukewarm Calamari similar to trying to chew elastic bands in batter. Thick based pizzas with indifferent topping and not a patch on similar restaurants. Waitress very pleasant and the manager attempted to advise us of items on the menu. Ended up embarrassed for our Pugliese companions and wished we had gone to the privately owned restaurant round the corner. 
Food was good except for the fish - very over cooked (dry and tasteless). A simple dish that was ruined.  
We had breakfast here each morning and the food was ok, the restaurant tried to make the breakfast seem a lot fancier than it was. The food came out quite quickly but was generally cold for my liking. The ingredients were of high quality which was such a shame. However, we did eat here 2 evenings and I can’t complain, the evening meals were hot and very tasty. The night we arrived we had a Malaysian curry (it could have had more chilli for my liking but understand it can’t be too spicy as it may have not been to other tastes) The last night we had the steak and it was very tasty.  
Because we were in a suite, we were allowed to eat our breakfast in the 1705 restaurant. There is the same, and better selection in the regular hotel restaurant - would recommend it for breakfast over the 1705 restaurant, although that one is more private if you're having a meeting. 
Have enjoyed eating here on a few occasions. Good service, hearty food, reasonably priced. Would return. 
Same food as main restaurant, bacon too crisp, also eggs too crispy over cooked. Nice and quiet, but staff cleared plates and drinks while we were getting more food.  
Lovely friendly staff, nice food but not enough of it for the price! Had two large glasses of wine and nearly fell of my chair £14!!! Shame i wouldnt go again :( too pricey :( 
I've been here several times before over a period of years and it is a handy meeting place for Paddington station. I'm on a dairy-free diet and have always managed to find something to eat. Yesterday I saw they advertised a vegan menu so thought that would be safe for me and ordered Fettucini Melanzane as I love aubergines and can seldom eat restaurant pasta. The waiter didn't know if this included vegan cheese when I asked. 
Lovely bar, lovely room.  
This was part of our package. Had to wait a very long time for our meal and when it came it wasn’t that hot. As it was part of the package we had a restricted menu so not that much of a choice. It was very noisy in there but I think that was because there was a large party and they had all had a lot to drink but it did spoilt it for us. 
Came here cause it's accross from the hotel I was staying in. 
Ask is one of the better places to eat near Paddington station, as it's a chain the food is consistently good. The interior is bright and airy making it inviting if not cosy. Food was served quite quickly and tasted good, the only slight issue was that the two calzone were mixed up and this was not discovered until both people had tucked into each other's meal. 
This is a great place for breakfast. They charge 50p if one pays by debit card under a certain amount which is off putting. The staff are OK but there is no banter and no local knowledge as they are from overseas (as am I) the location is only a few mins walk to the banks of the Thames. 
Nice looking place with good atmosphere, was offered a table by the toilet door but got a decent one in the end, was ok, bit bland, no Grappa on offer. Would try again 
Something more than a sandwich can be bought, a good selection of hot foods homemade foods and super cakes. 
I have been visiting cafe plum over the years , am disappointed to report standards are slipping and portions are shrinking. What a shame.  
My husband & I visited for lunch on a Friday afternoon. The pub itself is lovely, with big comfy sofas and a range of places to sit and eat. We ate in the conservatory, overlooking the garden. The menu is slightly better than average pub grub with plenty to choose from.  
The Robin Hood is a lovely pub with a huge garden which is great for the kids to climb trees and let off some steam. We'd booked a table and were sat in the conservatory which is nice and airy with a view of the garden. Sadly we were informed they were only serving roast dinners as the gas was out in the kitchen (not sure how that works?!), not a problem, it was Sunday afternoon after all. You need to be prepared to wait as they are incredibly busy on a Sunday so service is slow, which most of the time wouldn't be an issue, but we were surrounded by flies thanks to the weather! Portions are generous, food generally good, staff are all very polite, could all do with a bit of finessing though. 
Found the drinks to be some 15% more than we usually pay. Food variable depending on the dish you select. Regular menu: Sausage & Mash has excellent sausages with tasty gravy, but I couldn't find the crisp leeks they were meant to come with nor the staff to ask. Chefs special / recommends: Chicken, ham and leek pie; not individual but a slice cut from a much larger pie, so a warm up job which was meagre on content. 
A lovely family owned restaurant. Pasta dishes are amazing and great service. Portions aren’t big (not tiny either) so you’ll end up easily having a three-course meal and drinks, which ends up with relatively pricey bill but nothing unusual in the area. 
Met up with some friends that we hadn't seen for a few months in what has been a great pub. To my disappointment the food was not up to the standards that we became accustomed to. The food did not taste as though it was cooked from scratch like it used to be. The settings were the same i.e the beer garden and the decking area. Perfect for a warm summer's evening which we don't get enough of. 
We ate at this restaurant twice because my husband liked the pizza and because it was quite a large restaurant and you didn't need to worry about booking (when we visited). We liked the open plan cooking area as that meant their cooking practices were on display if you cared to look. 
Food was fab!! , restaurant nicely laid out. Unfortunately the staff did let the service down as it was very slow. Would recommend the honeycomb cheesecake it's lovely!  
I booked a table in advance, on arrival we were waiting for around 4/5 mins before anyone took note of our arrival. Staff were around and could have at least acknowledged our arrival; it was not busy. Staff on duty were unsure if tesco vouchers could be used and did quickly clarify this with another member of staff. Service throughout the meal was good, staff were polite and food was quickly served. We ordered several pizza's and sides which were excellent, very tasty, beautifully presented. We were offered the opportunity to take left overs away with us. The bill came promptly and we felt a little rushed at the end. Thought it was unusual for a restaurant to close up so early on a Friday night, about 9.30pm.  
Myself and my partner popped in today after work for some dinner. We ordered some burgers and sides.. Both of the burger buns were so burnt they were inedible and my sweet potatoe chips were stone cold. I sent mine back and I was offered a free dessert . Not quite sure why. No refund for my uneaten meal. We left quite disappointed and I wouldn't rush back there for food.  
My family and I visited The Robin Hood today for lunch. We've never been here before but it was local and as we decided to eat out at the last minute, we headed here as we didn't need to book. When we arrived the pub was busy which is always a good sign. We weren't sure what the protocol was- do we wait to be seated or find our own table. After a few minutes a waitress noticed that we seemed a bit lost and found us a table. When we sat down we checked the menu's but again weren't sure whether we should wait to have our order taken or order at the bar. After about 10 mins we decided to order at the bar as no one came over to us. When we ordered we were then told that they could take our order at the table which was a bit annoying. Anyway we ordered roast dinners- my partner and step- daughter roast turkey and I ordered the roast beef. The food came quickly, portion size was perfect, there was a variety of veg and the food was good. I wouldn't say it blew me away - but it's definitely good value for money and I would eat here again. Although all the staff were friendly they did lack customer service skills- this was the biggest let down. Had it been better I would have rated this higher , however it may just have been because of the volume of people staff were serving on this particular day. :0)  
We stopped by for a late lunch whilst staying at the Royal Chace. The menu looked great and didn't disappoint- top quality gastropub food. My lamb was succulent with a thick, deep gravy, while the lasagne tasted homemade. The only disappointing element was the service. Drinks took an inordinate about if time to order and arrive. While desert was served with main course cutlery and napkins on the table. A real pity in all other respects the lunch was great. 
Went for a Sunday roast, had the Turkey, it was pretty tasteless to be honest. No flavour & pretty bland. Very small portion of roast potatoes so asked for extra & not much in the way of veg. Dessert of Belgium waffle was nice tho.  
Have been eating here on Sunday's for quite some time, even got into a regular thing going every week, food was always tasty, cooked well and service was great. On the last few occasions including Sunday just gone, very disappointed with everything. I had beef, which some pieces were quite succulent, but others were tough as old boots, the cauliflower cheese, which I had to ask my husband if it was that, was disgusting, over cooked and the 'cheese' had gone bitty, only 2 slices of carrot, broccoli over cooked, roast potatoes ok, nothing to write home about though - I think they must have changed the chef. The service was slow, we sat inside, it was about 2.30pm and surprisingly was quite empty, but the waitress took forever (maybe she was on commission to see how long you could keep customers waiting lol). I was given my drink - vodka/coke - I wasn't asked if I wanted ice or not, so I got the not! We had to keep calling her rather than her actually serving the tables. In my opinion unfortunately, the Robin Hood has gone down a lot and not just the food, which is a shame as where it is situated and having the conservatory and garden was a really nice place to eat. 
The title says it all really , just myself dining - arrived at 1800hrs and ordered the bruschetta to start. This wasn't bad but could have done with having a bit more olive oil (which wasn't offered) as it was quite tough to get through the (very well) toasted bread. For my main I had the spaghetti Bolognese! Talk about original eh!? But it was mediocre at best - in contrast to the starter this was quite oily and really didn't have that ragu/tomato flavour that I enjoy. Average food but ... Extremely slow service ; I've been waiting almost 10 minutes now for a card machine ! ... Ok but won't be returning .  
Great food. Never had issues getting a table here. The only thing is the men's toilet stinks, apart from that it's one of the better pubs to go to. Staff are friendly. The chicken bacon stack burger is great!. 
Nice, open and friendly pub with lovely open fire. Lots of people eating and staff attentive and helpful. Our empties were always cleared quickly. Drinks only for us but bowl of olives were nice. Mix of ages but mainly female clientele. Clean and well maintained toilets. Large car park 
I found the lights a bit too bright, so not so much of a cosy place. If they can make it a bit cosier then maybe I could consider eating there 
Not a disaster but £150 for two, with a couple of cocktails each, starter and main each plus shared dessert, is steep I'm afraid. The scallops and ossobucco were good, the burrata was OK, but the tagliata was really poor. The cocktails and dessert (semifreddo) were good as well. Not horrendous all in all, but the pricing does need another look, you can get better food for this kind of money. 
Reserved table and was ready on arrival./ Service good yet the food was really average, everything tepid apart from the gravy served in the gravy holder, the meats overcooked and in general horrible. Not a good Sunday lunch, wont be rushing back in a hurry. 
Booked a table for 4 on Valentines Day.  
Large pub with very friendly and helpful staff. Quite a limited menu and very pricey. Food was OK. Closes quite early on a Sunday, 22.30. 
Our fist time out since lockdown with friends , although they took my details on booking our friends arrived before us and they were concerned that no contact details were taken from them and they didn’t even have to give my details we thought this was mandatory for track and trace. SayIng all this the place was empty, some people were in the garden we were in the veranda with a couple fo other diners, this which was very airy with all windows open and felt comfortable with no Social distancing issues.  
We went to Portebello Market and ate at this place as it was halal. 
Trying to keep this as honest as possible. Everything ran like clockwork, the staff were friendly, excellent customer service and it’s not pretentious...however none of the food blew us away. We have been to Paul ainsworth no.6 in padstow and that was on another level the whole experience left us amazed but we were so underwhelmed at petrus. I really did not enjoy the desert at all and found it inedible. However the beef dish was delicious but nothing that blew us away.  
It's been some time since I last visited. Now the food is OK, still spicy, but the atmosphere has changed, so had some of the food offering, like sambal telor and the table was not cleaned off food plus I had a fruit fly hovering. 
Lots of positives! Lovely place for lunch. The staff are attentive, the restaurant is comfortable and it is very easy to park. Prices are reasonable and I have eaten here many times before. However this time the ham was not up to their usual high standard it was a bit too wet for my taste. It is is only a small glitch I am sure from past experience and I will be back. The sirloin steak that a friend had was said to be very good.  
The aesthetics of this restaurant are lovely and the interior design is modern and stylish. However, the food doesnt match. The price and quantity doesnt match up with the high end prices. The quality of the food was below what was expected for the prices you pay. My partner had the sea bass as a main course and it was £18.50 all it was was a tiny bit of fish with sauce and a few vegetables. I had the linguine which was £19, the portion size was good but the quality was average.The service was also very slow. It took them 15 minutes to come and ask what we wanted for drinks when we first sat down. I must say the best part of the meal was the rose champagne which was £10.50 a glass. Overall, I wouldnt return again. 
Not always manned, no bell to attract attention, understand that staff help in other areas, but need to be able to attract attention  
This is one of a chain, nice atmosphere inside, with good food prices and a gluten-free menu (I'm a coeliac so these things matter). What isn't so good is the car park where, within 45 minutes our car was smashed into and our computers etc., were stolen. When we talked to the manager he said this had happened a couple of times before: and when the police asked about CCTV, they were told there wasn't one, even though there'd been other victims of crime! Not a good way to look after customers: to take money for meals, with no concern for outside safety,. We won't be going back until CCTV is installed; there was too much underhanded trading happening in the car park while we were waiting in the dark for the police. 
We had a family here, it's a very nice place to look at, but for the price and variety on the menu brings it down a bit. Over priced for sure with average service. 
We arrived at the Robin Hood at around 7pm we hadn't booked and were seated quite quickly. 
This is such a lovely pub but unfortunately there is no consistency - each time I have visited, it has either been very good or very bad - purely down to the service on each occasion. 
Service was ‘ok’ food was ‘ok’. That’s it really. Was quiet for a Saturday night, we couldn’t get a table anywhere else however this place was rather quiet. Waitress started off great but once we had ordered it seemed as if we didn’t exist. Portions were small with food, oh and we would have drank the cocktails all night long but no one asked if we wanted another drink (your loss)! I love the vibe/decor.  
A group of us ate here recently. Service was ok , food decent and value for money ok. Fish was good , chips not so good. Salad dry so asked for dressing. Pie and veggie pasta all good. Not big portions but adequate. Cheeseboard excellent but charged for extra crackers, so that spoiled the positiveness of that. Weird thing about tips, if cash the waiting staff get them , if on a card only kitchen get them ,weird. Would I return ? Maybe . It was better last time I ate there 4/5 years ago, has it changed hands ?  
It was time for our ex-works, three monthly, lunch for seven of us. Numbers, unfortunately, had diminished due to various reasons. We had booked for thirteen but as days rolled by we had to ring the pub at various times to bring down bookings. I must say they didn’t moan. I would hate to have had a table laid out for 13 when only 7 arrived, unfair to the staff and their bookings. 
Service and atmosphere still good. Had the Sunday roast and was disappointed, if you love cabbage ok but not the best choice to serve everyone, found 1 slice of carrot hidden underneath and 3 small burnt roast potatoes. 
Arrived at around 4:30 on a busy Sunday afternoon with the family for a Sunday afternoon meal. We found a table and was going to take a seat before being ushered to another table by a rude waitress, citing the table was reserved, food was so so, service was not great.  
This was our fourth visit and probably our last. It is far more packed and crushed that it ever used to be on our last two visits and because of this the food quality seems to have deteriorated with some of our dishes arriving warm rather than hot. This is our second very average meal we've had on the trot having given our previous visit benefit of the doubt in case it was just a one-off. The staff are friendly enough although rushed off their feet and the feeling of personal service is lacking as they try to take the order as quickly as possible. It is a real shame as it was a good find when we first started going, its almost they are a victim of their own popularity /success. Also the service charge is no longer discretionary and may not go to the waiting staff as its on your bill :-( 
We were waiting a long time at the bar for drinks (above average cost for the area)then waited at least 20 minutes for menus then another wait to order from a small but pricey menu where you are charged extra for basic frozen chips.Again you wait ages for the bill and find you are charged twelve and a half percent for SERVICE 
Dorset crab spaghetti was all one big big lump and slightly undercooked.Very filling and yes it did taste of crab but brown meat not white meat.Together with the house Best Bitter from the Windsor and Eaton Brewery (£4.50) the bill came to £16.75. 
After spending the day picking strawberries at Parkside farm, we decided to have a late lunch at Robin Hood. It's a traditional pub, very spacious and clean. We received a warm welcome and chose to sit in the garden since it was a sunny day. The service was quick, I ordered a steak and asked for medium rare but unfortunately it came well done.  
Went here twice for dinner as it was across the road from our hotel . Good kway teow and reasonable prices. Service a bit hot and miss . 
Had dinner solo one night. 
This restaurant has the potential for five stars but fell very short. We arrived, a party of 6, for Sunday brunch, obviously a busy time. Despite this, staff were very accommodating and seated us reasonably quickly. Menu is brilliant, all the standard brunch choices plus a lot of Middle Eastern dishes, and very reasonably priced, especially for London. However, when our food arrived it was lukewarm - very disconcerting to be eating tepid sausages. Furthermore, one dish and one side dish did not arrive with everyone else’s. Despite repeated reminders to staff, it took forty minutes for these dishes to arrive. They were also clearly very short staffed. Staff were initially not very apologetic but did take the late breakfast off the bill. Broken toilet seat in the Ladies also needs fixing. 
After settling down at our hotel nearby, we were attracted by their name and gave their food a trial around mid-June. Located at Millennium Gloucester Hotel, the restaurant is selling Singaporean Chinese food. The wall has pictures to explain the origin of their name. Service is OK but food quality is just so-so from the viewpoint of an Asian client. We tried their Century congee, Kway Teow Beef, Hainan Chicken Rice, Fried Rice plus other dishes. Everything is average but not authentic. 
I have been visiting the Station House for over twenty years, and it started as a great pub & restaurant. It felt unique, and as if it was owned by someone who really cared. It now seems to just be going through the motions. On a couple of occasions it really smelt as if there was a drainage problem. The loos are shabby, and the 'Ladies' is simply marked by scrawled felt-tip on the door.  
Went for brunch, nice friendly welcome from the young waitress, showed us menus straight away said be back for drink order shortly which she did, nothing to complain about - it was getting busy by time we left but food was ok - nothing amazing but safe choice if not sure about type of restaurant to go to. 
Dinned there in November. The restaurant is a little tired and not particularly stellar. The servers were nice but not particularly attentive. The food was just ok but nothing special. The whole place could use an updating. There are a lot of great Asian restaurants in London... I've been to Singapore and have to believe that there is somewhere in London providing better versions of Singapore/Maylay food than this place. Nothing really wrong, however, just not very special. 
Visited this brasserie as it was close to my hotel during a work trip. As a Singaporean, I was so excited to be giving this place a try.  
Used to go at least once a month for several years around 7pm and always good. Nothing spectacular but never had a complaint. Food was reasonably priced. Due to various circumstances haven't been there for about a year. In June this year was the first time back and very 'sloppy' service. Not really sure whether they wanted to take my order! A " Medium" steak turned up burnt to a cinder! Remainder of the meals were ok but not brilliant. Gave them a second try and it sounded like the person taking the order had a bit of an attitude problem. A bit too efficient and noticed that the shandy I ordered had no lemonade in it! A more recent visit looked as if things had settled down and food ok - no complaint - but pricing a bit high for what you get. 
We stopped by after we went for some cherry picking at a local farm . it wasn't a busy time and the staff were friendly. we ordered several starters and they were happy to take our order .my friend left her phone in the toilet and they kindly handed it back to her. There is a good sized garden at the back but we didn't sit outside. Food was mediocre and prices average. 
My husband and I visited The Robin Hood on 11th August 2015 to celebrate his birthday. We were greeted by a young lady who informed us we could sit anywhere as it was not very busy (Tuesday evening after 7pm!). The venue is lovely and set in nice surroundings, I did find it had little or no atmosphere and felt a bit uninviting. The staff seemed pleasant and polite (although not very familiar with what was on the menu). The menu choice is varied (one of the reasons I chose The Robin Hood) a little overpriced but the portion sizes are big, however... I wasn't very impressed by what was served when I received my food... Starters - Garlic mushrooms served on a toasted brioche (which had absorbed all of the juice from the mushrooms and gone completely soggy, who wants to eat soggy bread!), Mains - Blade of beef and Rioja Pie served with seasonal veg, buttered mash and a supposedly red wine gravy (Pie & Mash with gravy and over boiled veg) Dessert - Pavlova - Mixed berries and whipped cream (Whipped cream slapped between 2 discs of meringue with some strawberries and strawberry sauce, I have never tasted meringue so hard or chewy in my life it was inedible... this was the biggest disappointment of the night). My husbands food was okay, Starters - Chicken Pate, Mains- Sea bass, again not great, but he is less critical than me! (he did agree the Pavlova was a disaster!). I'm sure others would find the food to be great, and I will probably give this place a second chance... but I will go on a busier day to see if there is a different vibe to the place and order something else off the menu! 
Situated opposite the station, the Station House is a comfortable free house with a good selection of interesting beers and surprisingly well priced for London. There is a good area to sit outside.  
Service, simply diabolical. They don't know the meaning of service. We were left for a very long time talking to each other before we were eventually served. The restaurant upstairs looks nice and (somewhat) comfortable - very hot (no air-conditioning). Choice of dishes is good. Mine was "Frittura mista". Amazing presentation (a 5 star for this). Flavour ok(ish). Price - slightly too expensive (I'm comparing it with Eat Lasagna in Hanwell which is half the price). The place has a fantastic opportuinty for success (not just a "boring" pub on the ground floor) - they simply need to get their act together. 
Decided at last minute to take mum to Sunday lunch last Sunday 
Was ok food nice little expensive and service slow but we were outside at end of the garden portions were a little small but I do eat a lot  
Lovely friendly staff but let down by the food. We all had the fish pie. Served with rolls and butter which were very nice but the fish was full of bones. Flavour was ok but all in all a bit of a let down 
Typical , pub food . Middle of the road Mc Mullens chain . 
We visited this week with relatives visiting from the USA. The eating area is great in fine weather, as you can sit out on a large wooden decking area overlooking the rear garden. It was not good weather this time but you can't blame the pub for that. The service was friendly and fast enough (but the place was almost empty as we were eating a late lunch) but the food was not as good as it used to be a few years ago and, although not too bad, was not good value for money. I had a steak and kidney pudding, which was nice in itself but they had poured VERY salty gravy all over it which rather spoiled it - that should have been provided in a separate jug so the customers could suit themselves. The range of drinks was also very poor for a pub - we could not get a Diet Coke or even a sparkling apple drink, which was really surprising. 
A group of seven of us met for my Mums Birthday. The table was a sensible size for our group. Service was ok, but a bit of reminding was necessary to get the items we ordered. The food was reasonable and filling, though my burger looked quite lonely on the plate. Atmosphere was good. Overall, it was good but there was nothing that would make me particularly recommend it. 
Went for a fry up and coffee and it ended up costing £15! Certainly wasn't service with a smile, and the breakfast itself was average at best. 
We found the breakfast to be very average unfortunately. The falafel in the Fu'ul Egyptian was dry and overly sour. The pittas, although served warm, was probably off the shelves from local supermarkets. The slow roasted flavas were nice though amd helped bind everything together. 
Four of us adults visited for a Sunday lunch in January. Service was slow but ok because we had plenty to discuss. The roast dinners of lamb and beef were satisfactory for the price. Deserts were a big disappointment and tasted bad enough to make you think they were mass market produced in a large factory. Drinks were all good but then it's a pub so they should be. Nothing to make us rush back but also nothing to stop us visiting for a main course again 
I went there with a family group we ordered Shakshwkah and falafel and Hummus and they were delicious and we ordered Vanilla pancakes and maple syrup pancakes and they were not as good as expected. I could say the maple syrup tastes weird and the pancakes are just awful!  
This restaurant is situated near Acton central station.  
I have been there today and I would recommend it for the lunch time £10 meal deal for a pizza and a drink.  
Just got a take-away order from the Hot House café. I ordered a falafel wrap and my partner got the one with kofte. The wraps themselves were shop bought, flat plastiquy looking wrap/tortilla, hummous came from a big tub, hot sauce from a bottle. All the staff were using their bare hands to handle the food, touch the cashing maching/money, surfaces. The grills used to heat up the wraps are also used for the sausages. I'm vegan, and I could smell burned bacon/meat when I unwrapped my food. Also, the waiter/chef wrote F on mine for falafel and K for my partner's, but as I was a bit worried, I had a tiny bite of mine just in case... and it was actually the meat wrap! Sorry ,but I didn't enjoy my food, I was thinking of the grill with the meat on the side, and possibly the bite I had with kofte. The wraps were filling, but pretty bland and disappointing. I felt a bit cheated especially because they cost £4.75 a piece, while you can get some fresh, home-made and authentic wraps if you carry on the road, 2 doors down... Not recommanded and not coming back. Traumatising for me as a veggie. Sorry :( 
We had the skinny breakfast, a sausage sandwich and the salmon eggs benedict. All the food was great - but it took a long time for it to come and a lot of people who came after us were served first. Even our drinks were lagging behind.  
Popped in for a sausage sandwich for breakfast. Sausages were good but the bread was cheap sliced bread that was very thin and disintegrated as I was eating it. Wouldn't bother going back.  
Popped in for a breakfast pre meeting - and it done a job. Not a good breakfast, but not a bad one either. Was very quiet - but for whatever reason the service was very slow. 
OK, I have been away from the UK for a while but 6.45 for a 250ml glass of white wine in a pub in Enfield just inside the M25? Unbelievable. Anyway we were meeting a friend and having a bite to eat. We decided on the 4 dishes to share which were very nice. The waitress was friendly and efficient. I used to go to this pub over 20 years ago and times have changed. It has been decorated well and is open and airey. These pubs are not so much pubs anymore but eateries that serve food. 
Went to a party here, i found the service was poor to say the least. take your money and serve, no interaction, nothing. I drank bottled beer so it was fine, my partners chardonnay was vinegar for the price. can't recommend this place at all. 
I had lunch here last month with a couple of friends and whilst the pub is very nice and the Sunday lunch was reasonable, we all agreed that a £9 service charge was 'hefty'. Also, the male waiter tried to inform me that a Cappucino was the same as a latte, when I disagreed, he then brought me the latte I had ordered! Not the best service. The meal itself was ok, but I wouldn't rush back. 
An ok cafe, the main point of interest being that it offers traditional English options (fried breakfast etc) alongside more Mediterranean/Middle East flavours (feta wraps etc). My eggs florentine was ok, though not special: perhaps under-seasoned. Ground black pepper would've cut through the blandness a bit. However, the whole place seems to be a bit less than the sum of its parts: there's nothing about the decor or appearance that stands out or makes me want to be come a regular. It just feels a bit tired, a bit uncomfortable, and slightly tatty. Perhaps a refurb would help? 
Perfect dinner with the girls. The pub is lovely with outside seating and upstairs restaurant. You compromise a little on food but surely the restaurant is welcoming, lovely decorated with some very comfortable seating. Perfect for lounging. Pizzas are nice but a little on the dry side. My pizza (original) was flavorsome as the nduja (Calabrese soft sausage meat) gives it a kick on flavor . One of the girls complained her pizza was tasteless (porcini). Overall the pizza can be excellent as they are stretched to perfection and cooked in wood fired oven, if they were dressed with the right amount of mozzarella and tomatoes (too little and probably unevenly balanced). The parmigiana was ok so was the salad. The breaded calamari were left uneaten (not exactly palatable). Overall average food but the place make it up and elevate the experience. The service was excellent and perfectly attentive.  
We were running errands on the high street and my fiancé was hungry so we stopped.  
We went to this pub/restaurant for a late Sunday lunch, arriving after 2pm so we didn't expect it to be too busy especially it wasn't a very nice day. We hadn't booked & didn't mind having to wait for a table, we were actually seated quite quickly with a friendly greeting. The whole of the service was conducted with a smile but unfortunately it didn't make up for it's tardiness.  
This is a straightforward pub offering so-so food and a great range of beers. i prefer the Rocket next door but that's just me. Its very large garden is really good in spring to autumn and it is very very popular 
This pub has a nice look and has a lovely large green pub garden with a small decking area great for outdoor drinking. Unfortunately the food was average and personally think could be improved. Good waitress service and I would visit again but sadly to drink only. 
I went there for dinner after I wanted to try out this place which serves wood fired oven pizza and apetizers from Puglia. The pub is nice, well furbished with a good selection of drinks and beers, including Kernel Pale Ale which is a big plus for me. One of the main specials of this place is pizza, in fact google maps lists this pub with a "A Southern Italian-inspired menu". So I went for pizza and sadly it was not that good. I ordered buffalo, i.e. margherita pizza with buffalo mozzarella, and while the topping was ok-ish the dough was dry and almost crispy. Moreover, as you can see from the picture, it was showing some bubble which leads me to think that they put too much yeast so the dough kept rising while baking in the oven. 
Average. I had a grab and go Sunday lunch. Having been shooting all morning at the local clay pidgeon shoot I was STARVIN !! So popped in with 12 others and ordered the £10 roast beef at the bar.  
Service average / poor. 5 of us for breakfast - 3 breakfasts arrived so long before the 2 eggs benedict, that the first 3 had finished before the other 2 arrived. Small orange juice = £3.50. Miserable cashier couldn't even manage a smile or a thank-you. Food good but won't be back in a hurry. 
Visited this evening for the first time having lived in Acton for nearly 5 years. Went with a couple of friends for dinner on a Wed evening. Generally not a busy night, definitely not busy in the upstairs dining room. Food was pleasantly surprising. Me and a friend had one of their burgers with dolcelatte and another had a salad which looks more impressive than it sounds!  
I really like their wrapes which comes with chips, all served on wooden trey. Second time I ate it wasn't as nice as the first time, but still like it and probably will order it again. They have a very good selection of cocktails, from which I would recommend chocolate martini. The pub seems small, but they got first floor where I have never been to. Downstairs they got a fireplace and you also have the option to sit outside. Unfortunately, they only got hygiene rating of 3, which makes me wonder. 
I lunched here recently with a friend. Neither of us had eaten so we were particularly hungry and on reading the menu it promised tasty treats. I ordered a spicy meat pizza and my friend chose a burger; On my part there was disappointment the pizza base was very wet in the middle and lacked any real spice or taste. My companion seemed equally underwhelmed by her burger. The staff serving were however quite charming and I can not fault them. 
I've been twice and, I remember from the first occasion, that the food was good, but a little expensive with service rather slow. I tried again last night (a Sunday) and, after being shown to one of the several free tables, waited and waited for someone to take our order. We noted that several other tables were also sat without drinks, looking around to try and attract someone's attention. In the end, we gave up.  
Midweek lunch. Just the two of us. First visit. 
Basic but very acceptable food with an adequate array of (not overpriced) wines, beers, etc. Food is technically well-prepared, but the presentation could do with a dash of imagination. The portions offer good value - I was served two rather than one beer-battered cod fillets so you won't leave hungry. It's clearly popular with the locals, which is always a good sign. The place is not exactly 'steeped in history', but honest 'as it it for what it is'. Service is efficient and friendly. 
Ill start by saying that the service is always excellent. Really friendly and attentive staff.  
Have to say that the food was lovely although I did not agree with the smoking at the tables outside where all other guests are eating their food. I did question this with a member of staff as I presumed it was illegal? Only to be told it’s not!!! This has put me off eating here again.  
They really worked hard to turn round the tables and serve as many customers as possible prior to the Eagles concert at Wembley. But unfortunately let down by the high prices for poor portion sizes.  
Went out for a family dinner with my parents, the service was very slow and the customer service was really bad, she didn’t take it properly, if we had asked them something to do such as a refill on our drinks it look more that 5mins even though the place was empty. The food was good and tasty, otherwise had a good experience.  
We were looking for a place that would cook up a mean Hainan Chicken Rice dish while in London and came across Bugis Street Brasserie. On the way from Heathrow, we went there on a Sunday around 1:30pm. It was quite crowded since they were offering a Sunday buffet lunch. Nonetheless, we were shown a table right away and ordered some Hainan Chicken Rice and spring rolls from their regular menu. It took about 10 minutes for our order to arrive.  
food ok (although chicken overcooked and £15 for 3 thighs (dry) is stretching it quite a bit). However, service was excellent - friendly, professional, clear and fun. atmosphere was buzzy with lots of people and we did not have to wait too long. good way to start our evening with Billy Joel... 
I went to the Robin Hood for a light lunch. 
Like all restaurants and bars within the Wembley stadium complex, they are busy on event nights. So it was that we ended up queuing at Cabana as we waited for Billy Joel to the stage in the stadium. 
Little disappointed in this restaurant, not a large selection of both food and wine, the food was average, the service on the other hand was good and the staff pleasant. If i was unable to get in else where i would come back. 
Restaurant is part of the Millennium Gloucester Hotel. The food just avaerage. I ate a chicken that was dried, despite the nice sause. Dimsum nothing special. Services is fast and good. Not a place where i will go twice. 
Other than the laksa, the rest of the nostalgic Singaporean dishes like char kwey teow, nasi lemak, hainan chicken rice fall far short of authentic "Bugis Street" flavour. Worst was the Hainanese Chicken, it came so over cooked, dry and blend... a sad disappointment. 
I know restaurants get busy but just have a meet and greet and get organized rather a shambolic system in place. Once sat down menu selection great and food quality excellent. Still appeared to be a chaotic system of who looks after who. We had lovely meal though would go back. 
Had the chicken skewer with two sides. Chicken was really well cooked but not very spicy, salad boring and the seasoned fries were luke warm, bland and chewy. 
They have No really Brazilian food! 
The service and staff are lovely, but the cost of the burgers were well over priced for the taste. The taste was nothing special although you can add sauces to it which is not something I did because I like to taste my food.  
The food was good ... eventually. Almost at the point of cancelling dessert as it arrived. I would try another visit as long as I’m not in a hurry! 
My wife visited the place earlier and was rather impressed. She took me there to share her experience. The staff were friendly and the ambience and facilities were excellent. We ordered chicken with fries and coslaw. The fries were delicious. The coconut mixed coslaw was not too good to my taste bud. Perhaps being the first time having it. The grilled chicken was rather a let down. It's overcook on the outside. After awhile it's like chewy. And it was not the thigh parts as indicated in the menu which we ordered. 
Called for a bit of lunch before the Rugby League Challenge Cup at Wembley Stadium. 
1) chicken rice: rice was not garlicky, lacked pandan leaves flavoring and did not have the slight oilyness that makes it chicken rice. the chicken was cold and hard as well, not warm and juicy as per what proper chicken rice should be. 
had a lunch prior to the england match, with the misses and two children , they opted for the kids burgers which were good value , we opted for the chicken burger which was good, despite me being given a kids meal sized one ! this was replaced when i queried it. service was very good despite being busy , and food decent , and lager refreshing. would have rated 'good' , but choice is 'average' or 'very good' 
Like others went here due to the queues elsewhere before the match. Understandably waited to be seated, but the doorman and hostess kept us informed and kept apologising. Happy and friendly waitresses, apart from one who clearly wasn't impressed with a drinks request out of her 'section'. Didn't want 2 sides with the chicken, perhaps consider an option of one side at a lower price? Chicken was slightly burnt, but considering it was rammed the food was tasty and hot. Fairly clean toilets. The staff did not stop, saw some very impressive power walking whilst smiling. Cabana I hope your staff do receive the service charge for event days as they assured us they did, they deserve it. 
The portions are very small for the price, fries were £3.95 for a tiny bowl and we had two starters, the steak sticks were tiny, but more generous with the buffalo cauliflower but the sauce on that was too sweet. 
Found the picanha steak starter was quite chewy and was disappointed that the skewers didn’t have as much flavour as I expected . Also wasn’t a massive fan of the premium side fries which were slightly underdone.  
Not many people when arriving for a quick dinner on a Monday. Friendly and quick service. Limited food menu, but my chicken skewer was good, and prices were reasonable. An ok meal - nothing wrong, nothing to be super enthusiastic about. 
First time at Cabana and probably the last  
Interesting and varied Early Bird Menu and beats local competition in offering a glass of decent wine in the price. Good and friendly service with average food quality. Nice touch in being served sliced baguette and butter as a complimentary start, but disappointed that no alternative was offered for gluten free diner. Ordered spaghetti bolognese as a starter, which was good but nothing to write home about and Haddock on bed of spinach which again was good but lacked flavour.  
in a sea of mediocritydecided on this establishment for food before a concert. 
We ate here as a group of seven prior to a Wembley Arena concert on 25/2. Service ok but the Brazilian Style menu is limited and fairly bland. The food we had was ok but nothing special. This is however a convenient venue if you are attending events at either of the Wembley venues. 
Lots of staff, poor service. After food was served I had to request cutlery and napkins. Ordered water I had to ask twice. Average expensive food.  
Celebrated after a family event in this resturant for lunch. 
pleasent staff but not a great cocktail menu. being told that we were not allowed to smoke at the tables outside in the open was a giant pain! 
Went for dinner on Saturday with friends, and have been there before. Previously the service and welcome was great Now the food was bland, quantity and quality has gone down and above all the staff attitude was so unwelcoming. Pasta had no taste 
The last time we visited this restaurant was soon after opening and I remember it being a much better experience. The food tonight was edible and quite tasty but portion sizes have shrunk. The rib eye steak was really quite small. The chicken was almost cold. The best thing was the coleslaw. No one asked if we were enjoying our meal so didn’t give feedback. Won’t return unfortunately even though we like South American food.  
Catching up with friends last Saturday and decided to go to a little Italian restaurant not far from us.  
Had an alright meal, but Cabana seems to have lost it’s touch recently; their crowning glories of steaks and hanging grill dishes don’t seem to be as prevalent. To be fair, I think Cabana have tried to diversify a bit, and offer far more than the usual burgers now (come to think of it, it seemed a bit Nandoish). 
Menu has some interesting things to choose from. My partner ordered the CFC curry which he enjoyed thoroughly. I order the Ipanema Salad with Chicken Skewers. 
Was at Wembley for football. Just popped in for a couple of drinks. Was OK but got very hot so left after one. Bar staff were very nice 
Had not heard of this chain of food places before but glad we gave it a try. We were visiting before the Lionesses vs Germany match so naturally things were pretty busy, and the terrible weather didn't help. We managed to arrive when there was no queue (why we picked it!) so that was good. It took a while to get noticed, well not really that long but there was no sign of where to wait so wasn't sure. 
Every neighborhood has got a pretty standard Italian restaurant, moderately priced with all the usual suspects on the menu and decent service.  
Food was ok but not great, maybe because it was the week before Christmas and the restaurant was very busy. Have eaten here many times before and food has always been good therefore this time a little disappointed. A little pricey on this visit too. 
We were on our way to see a show at Wembley Arena. We waited 15 minutes to place our food and drinks order, and that was after calling the waitress over 3 times! We waited another 45 minutes for our food to be served. As a result we missed the start of our show. Not too impressed. Other tables were being served before us even though they were seated after us. On a normal day that would not have been a major issue, but if the establishment is next to a major arena, they should try to accommodate that fact and ensure people are served promptly. If you ate in the west end near the theatres, they understand you don't have time to hang around. 
How can i say it , is good but not great , food is ok and service is ok this place is inconsistent one day is good the next is average , but don't be afraid of trying hope you get the good day  
My friend rang to book and was told our table was booked without taking a name. We called back to give the name. 3 days later and on the day of our booking we received a confirmation of booking. On arrival he took the name and we were shown to the table. Few minutes later he came to ask if we had booked. Wonder why as there were a few tables empty. The food was very good just like on our previous visits but service was without a smile. The Italian buzz in the restaurant is no longer there.  
Popped in after a game to pass the time while the crowds left the stadium, beer was ok although had a slightly cardboard taste, our waiter was really helpful and organised, managed to keep everything running smoothly event though the place looked out of control packed. Burger was half decent, pretty good value overall, and better than queueing to get into the station that's for sure. 
The food was ok. I was a little upset that my mixed drink was a combo of charges from the “splash” of tonic water $1.75 and the coke was also additional for a jack & coke. Misleading on the menus.  
So we decided to come here before a certain boxing evens this weekend, we were with another couple who had been before and had said how lovely it was! As the que was so long to get in (understandable as it was busy everywhere) me and my other half went off to collect our tickets while they waited. They ordered drinks and nachos for themselves and drinks for us when we got back to which we were going to then order our mains all together.. the nachos appeared before the drinks (again bar was busy so kind of understandable) when me and my other half arrived it had started to quieten down a little.. we then had to wait 15 minutes with no one even taking the empty nacho bowl of the table or empty glasses, I caught someone’s eye and they mouthed you ready to order, I smiled and nodded they then turned their back and we had to wait another 10 mins before I managed to catch someone on the way past.  
Casa mia is a quaint italian restaurant on a road with numerous other options. The staff are very friendly and accomodating. However the food was slightly disappointing, with the quality of ingredients not quite right. In particular the cheese on the pizza did not taste quite right. Such a shame because otherwise a nice restaurant  
So I recently Visited this restaurant with my partner and I was taking back on how bad the customer service was Waiters do not seem to care lady that served me actually sat down next to me to ask me what I like to eat she really couldn’t be bothered to be working my partner asked to change he’s meal and the waitress look so grumpy We waited a long time for are started then my partners Starter,come and I was waiting for further 10 minutes after so we asked the waiter where was the starter and he just casually bring it over like it wasn’t a problem like we haven’t been waiting at least 25 minutes They did not see or check up On us Music very loud you can’t actually hear one another having a conversation overall the food is really nice but Bad customer service I would not go to this restaurant again 
We were waiting to order for about 30 minutes.and when the food did come it was delicious. I would also say that the cool calada had to much ice in it and I couldn't drink it and the flavour at the end was just ice.  
Good service but food was average, 
We come back to Casa Mia more because we want it to remain than for anything it does particularly well. It's a local, noisy Italian restaurant with a menu from yesteryear and that's comforting. Service and food is hit and miss - sometimes good, sometimes really average or worse. It's loved by locals and when it's on form it's well worth a visit, but it's too hit and miss for me. Parking is also problematic on a Saturday evening. 
Basically if you're craving asian food this is probably your best bet, not many options for asian chinese food around the vicinity.  
Visited with my wife and another couple for a pre-show meal. Chose a variety of starters & sides for us all to share, which we made clear when ordering. Food was really tasty, but we had to remind waiting staff to bring us side dishes 30 minutes after starters were served. We slso had trouble attracting waiting staff attention to order additional drinks. To add insult to injury they added a 10% service charge! I would have refused to pay, but we were pushed for time to get to start of show and didn't want to waste time. 
Restaurant is strangely bright, but you can then see what you're eating. The staff were a little haphazard and had to try a couple of times to get seated/attention/more drinks/bill. The food is pleasant and nicely presented, but lacked flavour. Will try again and try something else... 
The restaurant has a great location with a good range of menu options. However, the service and food were not exciting enough to warrant a return visit. 
This restaurant had many Chinese diners which is a good sign, and the service was quick. In my party of 4, there was varied knowledge of Asian food, but the waiter was not very forthcoming with advice. I chose a starter of Tofu Goreng and the King Prawn and Okra as a main from the Chef's Recommendations. Both were large portions however the Prawn dish was overwhelmed with Okra and would have been better as a vegetable dish for several people to share. I would not choose either dishes again. 
Was seated quickly and started so promising. But then started to go downhill. No draft beer, but was bottles so that wasn’t too bad. Miserable staff, order rushed. Starters were delicious though. Manager started clearing the table while two of us were still eating... Big no no in f&b. After a long wait the mains came out in drinks and drabs. Burger bun was solid, halloumi was cold and then reheated so dried out. Chips were luke warm too. Told the manager when clearing as they hadn’t checked back on us and she made us feel as though we were an inconvenience. She gave a discount but will never return. 
I consider myself well aquatinted with Italian food and hence feel consider my opinion knowledgeable. This was my first visit. The staff were friendly but the dining area slightly too packed and a little noisy. The food was of average quantity and the portions too large. Obviously I may be in the minority as the place was full.  
I thought it was good food. Service was slow but with a concert going on everywhere was packed I think they did well for how busy it was. They forgot our order but we got another free drink for our wait. The food when it came was still hot which it’s a plus considering the business. I enjoyed the food. Shame it was so cold outside but we just wanted to eat.  
Good varities you miss the chinese food after a long travel in Europe. Food quality are acceptable and a little bit pricy.  
First time visiting, food was good but service not so good. Waitress brought the wrong beers and service very slow had to keep asking waiters/waitresses for things. Felt slightly over priced for what it was but put that down to location. 
Very good value for money [includes a free drink ] and overall nice food, stay clear from dessert, microwave disaster if you order the apple pie. 
We were a group of 4 meeting up on a Saturday night and it was agreed that we should try this restaurant in Hatch End. The restaurant looks inviting from the outside and certainly the delicious aromas were inviting. We had booked a table and were placed next to the toilets . We realised after a while that this was not acceptable as the floor space was limited and the proximity to the loos was uncomfortable. We asked to be moved and we were moved near to the front door. The restaurant was busy and at times it was difficult to hear what my friends were saying, but at other times it was perfectly possible to hear other diners were saying as the tables were so close together. The food was very nice ,I had chicken with peppercorn sauce, saute potatoes and vegetables and my friends all enjoyed their dishes. Did we get value for money? Food wise , I would say yes, but I think trying to pack too many people in, ruined the ambience . The restaurant has potential but either extend the floor space or reduce the covers. 
Overpriced to be fair.. I asked for a medium T-bone and got a very well done one.  
We have been visiting this restaurant on a regular basis for a considerable period. Sadly, our visit last Sunday was a disappointment. The previous Monday we had lunch and booked a table for 5.30pm/6pm in respect of the following Sunday which we thought would be before the main evening rush as we were travelling from the other side of London by rail. When we arrived at 6pm we found the table that we had requested given to other people and we were offered one in the middle of the restaurant. The floor area of the restaurant is fairly congested and very little room between the middle tables. We decided to go away for 30 mins and the proprietor agreed that he would have a table for us when we returned. On returning, a table was available and in the normal fashion the proprietor and Manageress, ie Anna were very sociable. When it came to ordering the owner took our order and on picking up the menus he knocked a full glass of wine over which went on a jacket, hat and handbag. No offer was made to replace the glass of wine or the possible damage to the clothing/bag and no allowance was also made on the bill. Compared to our previous visits where the food in the main has been excellent, on this occasion, the veal had been overcooked and dry. It would seem that when the restaurant is busy, the kitchen finds it difficult to cope. Even though the owner and Anna go overboard with their help and service, unfortunately it is very difficult to communicate with the rest of the staff who seemed to lack training in both their English and know-how of the menu. It is a shame because Anna is a hard working person but there is a limit on how much she can do on her own. I would not recommend this restaurant during busy periods and we will now revert to avoiding their busy periods. 
After a very hard day's work, my colleague's and I went to Cabana expecting to have a good meal as per usual. This time however, the staff were difficult to deal with as they wouldn't let our large group sit together. My food was undercooked and when I asked for a replacement meal, they then tried to charge me for it. I was not very happy at all. I like Cabana, and this this was a one off experience, but the Customer Service was certainly lacking.  
This eatery was included as part of our deal at the adjoining Millennium hotel. In the main the staff were friendly and the food was good without being exceptional. 
Reasonably priced, average food. 
The food is actually better than the rating above but the look on that female waitress each time has reduced my rating. I really enjoy the food each time. One gripe is that they won't do kids size pizzas. I don't understand why as I wouldvassume the dough is fresh. So one of us is stuck eating a pizza as it is too much for a young child. Anyway I particularly like the stuffed mushrooms and pastas. I don't like the service charge as I wpild not want to tip that lady, she needs to smile or else go on a hospitality course.m 
It used to be excellent when I went here many years ago and I think it was run by different people then but I was very disappointed this time, service really slow, food not anything special, wine ok, don't think I will be rushing back. Plenty more restaurants in Hatch End far better than this one I.e black pepper next door 
I have been to Casa Mia on numerous occasions and have to say that I have enjoyed almost every meal. However, my recent visit was somewhat of a disaster. The food took ages to arrive and we were starving by the time it arrived (cold). We send it back and it came back hot. My wife ordered liver and requested it was cooked medium. Unfortunately it came back over cooked and more like tyre rubber than liver. Now i recognise that every restaurant has an off night so for me it was more how the complaints were handled than the food because I have have had several very nice meals in this restaurant. Well the owner, at least I think he is did not deal with the complaints at all well. His shrugging of the shoulder and his can't be bothered attitude will mean it will be a long time before we go there again. 
Casa Mia USE TO be a family run restaurant.  
We ordered the chicken rice and the seafood Hor fun. The chicken rice was lumpy and overlooked, and the chicken was tough with little flavour. The seafood Hor fun lacked that unique stir fry flavour. You're essentially paying 4 times the price for a tenth of the quality of something that you can find in Singapore hawker center.  
Average quality , all dishes I had were oily, 
Food is authentic for the most part and is very tasty when it arrives. Service was slow and forgetful. Had to ask for a menu twice; needed to remind the waiter of my order; had to get up to track down my bill.  
Casa Mia is in the middle of Hatch End, in a run of similar restaurants catering to this quite upscale London suburb. It's warm and inviting as are most traditional Italian restaurants and its menu is recognisably Mediterranean with a good selection of fish and pasta dishes and a small but satisfactory wine list. 
We were home in London for the summer and didn't pl‎an dinner so just drove to Hatch End as I knew there were some trendy alfresco restaurants and bars. 
Smallish restaurant and, in my opinion, too many tables and too close together. Service was good and generous portions, however, was disappointed in my main dish which was overcooked. Probably, would not return. 
It was OK but for the money I thought the quality would have been better. Will go to Nando’s next time, and get a better meal for half the price! 
I visited here last night with family and was disappointed with the food. My local Vietnamese does better at a small town in Queensland. Moreover, the price was quite expensive for ordinary food. 
Perhaps the format of this restaurant is a little old fashioned but its ok. Good value and classic Italian menu  
Chose Casa Mia for an early-bird dinner and each of our party of six chose the fixed price menu. The restaurant was empty when we arrived and only a few tables were taken by the time we left.Service was courteous and efficient and the choice from the menu appealing. However, whilst some dishes were quite good (the crespelle) many of the dishes were bland and unappetising. Some of the vegetables were undercooked and the desert choice was mostly made elsewhere and disappointing. 
********************************BUFFET LUNCH REVIEW ONLY************************************************* 
I went to Casa Mia on a quiet Monday night in January and so was not surprised that the restaurant was very quiet. There were only 2 groups apart from ourselves, which meant that we were the last in the restaurant. Despite this, the staff were all very friendly, not hurrying us at all. Food portions were large and reasonably priced.  
My in laws go here frequently with friends as it is cheap. As it was a bit of a drive there and one of us had to refrain from drinking we were not that keen and had resisted for some time. At Easter we gave in and as a family of 8 we all went expecting wonderful things as the in laws raved about the food portions. With 3 growing boys we thought it would be great. the food was nothing to rave about. Prawn cocktail had lots of lettuce, which made the plate look full. Fish was ment to be monk fish, am sure it was some cheaper fish, certainly not like monk fish that i have brought in the past. Food cooked like a beginnner, nothing like good Italian food in Italy. Place i won't be going to again. 
had a meal here with 4 friend and the service was good and attentive, just had main meal which were tasty and good size portions, A smaller family size restaurant just right for a causal meal. 
Nice place for after work drinks and cocktails with some bar snacks. 
A promising feel when you enter that the food is going to be special but in the end pretty much like a chinese takeaway. Spring rolls too thick, prawns on sesame seed toast too stoggy but still tasty.  
It's not my first time in this restaurant. I've been here number of times.  
Average, awful WiFi, food didn’t arrive and had accidentally been put onto someone else’s plate, had to wait for it to be recooked.  
Visited Bugis Street Brasserie twice when staying at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel. Dinner was great - a large amount of Asian customers, which is usually a good sign! Our waiter was helpful and chatty, giving information about the items on the menu. He also recommended the Sunday Buffet - which was a disappointment, sadly. There was not a huge amount to choose from and it could have done with being labelled as things we thought were chicken were actually tofu (I think) and fish - which could be a problem if you were allergic to anything. 
We were staying at the Millennium Gloucester Hotel so decided to have dinner at Bugis Street Brasserie as it was indicated that it was part of the Hotel. That's not entirely true; you have to leave the hotel and walk approx. 150 yards down the road to get to it, which I know isn't far but it's not what you want to do should it be raining. 
The restaurant is opened by a Malaysian, so food tastes rather authentic here. I went to the outlet at Copthorne Tara Hotel, which has a small seating capacity yet cozy, classy ambience. 
Food wasn't bad but the service wasn't great. It was a busy lunchtime but we got the wrong drinks a couple of times. 
Long queue to get in as event at Stadium, we decided and ordered immediately but a simple food order took nearly an hour to arrive. And then it wasnt as hot as i would expected. Reasonable price £40 for 2 but wouldnt rush back as very limited menu for vegetarians  
I loved the atmosphere and lighting. Friendly lady .  
The food was lovely and service quick. Unfortunately half way through our meal a member of staff cleaned the table beside ours and managed to spray my husbands meal at the same time! We were in a hurry so weren't able to wait for a replacement but a refund was given.  
I had the signature dish as recommended by the waitress and it was average at best. For the price it was not good value with only 3 small pieces of chicken on a skewer! Quite empty in the evening which was a surprise. 
Dimly lit restaurant made reading the menu for us slightly oldies a little difficult but we managed! 
The place is quite welcoming, decor is ok, there's a buzz. Sadly the menu is a bit of a strange selection, probably too 'chicken-centric', the starters/bites are unappealing as a group. My cocktail wasn't 'honey flavoured' - it had globs of honey swirling around at the bottom. I usually get the feeling I'll find one killer dish on a menu - I thought here it would be the Feijoda hotpot, and it was perfectly tasty, but not outstanding for £14. Overall nothing on the menu jumped out at me and everything was a little pricey. 
We visited one evening and were rather disappointed. Service was slow and prices were high, an example was sirloin steak at £17+ and it was tough. They have a nice garden and verandah area, good for families. 
A lovely cosy pub in a nice setting that is a bistro. The pub is a McMullens so the real ales are limited. The Country (beer) is good and the wine was chilled, dry and fruity. The food is a bit pricey and the portions a bit small. I had the fish pie and my wife the veggie roast and veg. Both were tasty. My wife had a sweet and coffee taster again a bit small even for a taster. The service was polite and helpful. I have ate here before and enjoyed it and the portions were larger. Will give it another go. 
A really elegant looking pub. Elegant and spacious. Nice comfortable seating, plenty of nice places to sit including a rather nice glass house area attached to the side of the building which I imagine is even more beautiful on a glorious day. This particular spot overlooks a sweeping back garden area with lots of tables and, once again I'm sure, a perfect spot for dinner with family and friends. 
It was a busy evening but the service was just so so slow, apparently there was some problem in the kitchen but I think our order just got lost in the chaos 
A gratuity is not something the waiter can add to a bill..........it is my decision to show my gratitude for good service or the lack of good service.....so, although the food was good, the staff was friendly, we were in a good mood, looking forward to André Rieu's concert, I will not return, because you are dishonest about your prices. If you want to add 10 % , then be upfront and show it in your menu prices. Because if this happens to me 10 times at 10% a pop, my expenses have doubled.........sorry, no thanks. 
Went there two evenings ago. Good comfort food for people who miss the local food back home. Quality wise passable in London. But would struggle if they are based back home.  
Impromptu visit at about 6pm Saturday after the cinema at LDO. Menu has been simplified and dumbed down a bit but still a good choice.  
The service was hit and miss, the chap who served my table was good, but some of the other staff seemed quite miserable. Strange ambience in the restaurant. 
Nothing special, but quick friendly service and reasonable food. Wouldn’t rush back. £35 for starter, main and beer so a little more expensive than average. 
Drop in here for Singapore food. 
I enjoyed a meal here last week with friends. I ordered the ribs which were a bit dry but ok. The chips however were amazing. The service was a little lacking though as the waitress wanted to take our order about 2 minutes after she'd given us the menus and didn't really engage with us after that. Not a bad meal by any stretch of the imagination and a good location if you're visiting the stadium. 
Worst service! Food was ok. Cocktails not great. Staff are not sure what they are doing even with a few customers. Hope it improves as the idea is great.  
Rubio has pretty much cornered the market in this part of town. Lots of parents and their kids and people looking busy on their lap tops. This is the only place of its kind in this neck of the woods. The breakfast is good as is the coffee but the waiting staff look like they would rather be somewhere else. Or maybe on the two consecutive days that I visited they were having a bad day. A hello and a smile would go a long way.  
Service was excellent and efficient, food was not too bad. Try the fried rice or the hainanese chicken rice. But avoid the beef noodles. 
Situated in South Kensington in the Millenium Gloucester hotel, this restaurant is conveniently located one block from the Gloucestet Road tube station.  
I visited this place for the promise of South East Asian food. Alas, I was disappointed. While the food was ok, it was nothing more than average and frankly nothing that my local Chinese takeaway could not have done. I would give this place another go on the promise of the other dishes (would like to try the Hokkien dishes), but I was not impressed this time and so will probably not visit again. 
Located adjacent to millennium Gloucester hotel, reasonably priced and good food, wouldn't rush back , it was a normal Chinese  
You cant find a small dish on this menu. Or one that is light & relatively free of spice. I tried for a salad. It was huge. And once the waiter dumped a skewer of grilled lime - spiced chicken on it, the mountain of lettuce just wilted under a wad of cheese. A disappointment. 
We popped in for a quick lunch on a Friday. Moderately busy but not packed. It is a good local pub which does a good quiz night during the week. Big room and bar area which is plainly decorated but looked after.  
I was told Sunday lunch here was fabulous. For us, it was a little Hit and Miss. Of the starters, one was lovely the other was not as described, as well as most unpalatable.  
Service was awful you had to flag people down to get anything beyond the first order. Food was bland overall like most of the food in the U.K.  
Having been to Rio twice I was pleased to find this place. However we left very disappointed.  
If staying in Holiday Inn Kensington Forum or other nearby hotels, this place is easy to get to. It offers asian food at affordable prices whilst the quality is fair. I've eaten at this place a few times and I will for sure be back if I'm looking for a quick bite close to my hotel. 
I went there for dinner, courses run around 10 GBP, taste is not bad - Duck in lychee and pinaple, veggy noodles and a coke zero cost me 20 GBP (with tip)...this town is expensive!! 
Dined here before a concert at Wembley. 
The Szechuan chicken dish I got had nice flavor and was loaded with Szechuan peppers but it had zero heat. See photo. Corn and crab soup was good. 
We went the night of the adele concert and it was packed so we had to wait a long time for food and cocktails. Often having to remind the waiter. Food was served with both the started and main course together so main course was cold by the time we ate it.  
Went for lunch and had a burger. I was asked if I wanted bacon in it, and for a quid extra I got a strip of bacon no more than 2 inches long! I'm sure it was a mistake, but when I reported it to the wait staff they could easily have deducted the charge but didn't. Not impressed! Also, it's 2018...give guests your wifi cade, please. 
We came here for dinner before going to a concert. We got there early and were seated straight away. By the time we had finished, there was a queue of about 20 people. 
Discovered this place by accident when taking a shortcut behind Gloucester Road tube station and decided to stop for dinner. Generally we enjoyed the dinner although some dishes more successful than others. Kung bo chicken was delicious as was the beef fried with sprng onions and ginger and the Hokkien noodles. Sweet and sour chicken was a bit tasteless. 
The food was ok, nothing special..I just felt it needed that extra something. It was defiantly lacking something! The cocktails were good and looks like a cool place just for drinks.  
We have come to an event and found this restaurant/bar. The staff are friendly but there are some strange rules. Despite putting menus in the bar you can't order food there. The bar then stopped taking orders. Other than that nice atmosphere and brilliant location.  
My friend and I were here earlier this week for a Yelp event. The restaurant generously offered us Yelpers free pizza and booze. I got the veg pizza and my friend the truffle pizza. I am a major pizza snob as a native NYer and I have to admit the veg, while loaded with toppings, was only OK. The flavour could have been far more intense. The truffle pizza though tasted delicious and I was jealous of my friend's pie! But the prices and pizzas are very reasonable so if I lived in the area I would probably swing by.  
The children's menu is very overpriced £9 for a burger that is nothing special and doesn't include any drink or chips. This place has a nice ambience though and a good selection on games. Its unfortunate its overpriced. Steinlager from New Zealand is no longer on tap :( 
I had high hopes for our meal here as the staff were very friendly and helpful and it’s a lovely space. But the kids menu is too expensive. And although my soup was delicious, the roast chicken was average. My friends waited so long for their food one of them cancelled their order in the end. It’s a friendly relaxed atmosphere so should be ideal for lunch with children but it didn’t live up expectations.  
Following the 5 * rated and some neighbours recommendations, I decided to visit Rubio on Sunday morning to have brunch. I love brunch, and especially the eggs florentine and I have had some of the best in London. Unfortunately, I found brunch at Rubio was just ok, a bit salty, eggs too cooked( I love them runny) and overall expensive, considering is in he heart of Harlesden.  
First time to Cabana and found it good fun. I wouldn't go for a romantic night out but that said it was very pleasant. I have to say the staff were very good and the star for me was our waitress Audury...I called her Aubrey all night and she joined in the joke too so I hope I didn't upset her! 
I had a cocktail, skewered chicken on avocado, quinoa salad which was very good. My friend had two starters. The food was fine but we nearly gave up after waiting a long time to be served and for the food - and drinks to come. The staff were very friendly and polite and it seemed that they were short staffed. We wished they had warned us there would be a wait and given us a choice whether to wait or not!  
We visited Cabana whilst working at Wembley this weekend. The service was extremely slow. It took 25 minutes for our drinks to be brought to the table. Our food took 50 minutes. We had finished our entire meal and THEN all the fries arrived. One meal arrived cold so was sent back. Staff didn't seem to know what was going on. No apologies. What a shame when the food was so good! 
The service is not the best and the food quality likewise. 
Steak ham and cheese in a pitta is pretty good...better service than Frankie and Bennys although they forgot the chips from my meal!! 
I found it quite hard to choose from the menu as the descriptions used lots of fancy names. 
Nice setting and great ambience. Food is ok - had fish and chips which were very oily. Lots of games to play which is a good. Also lots of seating. They serve Steinlager on tap which is a real treat for a Kiwi. Service is a bit average, some staff seem to have a bit of an attitude 
I visited this restaurant a few days ago and I was so very very disappointed with my burrito, it was to be honest the worst I have ever had: very dry, no sauce in it whatsoever, it should have had some meat but it was very hard to find. 
Went here before the Joshua fight. The food was terrible. The burger was cremated. Nice atmosphere and the best thing about the whole place was Audrey's smile. If you are really hungry, don't eat here!  
Had to queue for about 30 minutes to get in, were promised free round of drinks but were actually charged for them in the end. Food was good, loud atmosphere as very busy. Service was good too 
Nice pub for a drink, not too noisy and attracts a nice crowd of people. We were in there on a Saturday night about 10pm and it was perfect. They even have various board/card games you can play. We went back for Sunday lunch but I do not like the 12.5% service charge automatically added to the bill. The service was not that great we had to wait a long time for the food and it was not that busy and when the food came it was not that hot. I had the roast which was ok but my wife had the haddock and about two bits and it had all gone. Over priced with the service charge as it does not warrant it. 
We went for lunch yesterday and I thought that the meal was nicely cooked and well presented. The service was very good. There was a respectable wine list and I was happy with the Australian wine I chose. 
It was lovely sunny evening, which is rare in London, decided to have dinner with fren and popped in ur Cabana. We re greeted with lovely lady at the bar and taken to table very quickly. 
We were in Wembley for a show and went for a meal before to this restaurant. The food is good and the bottle sauce to die for but we found the service to be a bit chaotic. Staff were coming out with food and drinks and not knowing where to put them. 
Charming staff. Bare floors and lack of soft furnishings made for too much noise. Not a place to linger. 
Decent pub, can definitely have a few drinks. Family friendly so bring the kids. Board games are available. The food is nice enough but nothing to write home about especially as its realy over priced! I know this is Chiswick but £12.50 for fish and chips that is mostly batter is just not on. Not a bad place one in a while though. 
I visited with some colleagues on a monday lunchtime not long after 12:00, we appeared to be the only 3 customers so we were seated without problem - so far so good. A member of staff took our order shortly after and drinks were delivered with relative pace but we seemed to wait an age for our food (2 burgers and a sausage & mash). When the food arrived it was tasty but due to the delay we were now running out of time so could not fully enjoy it. We also got a shock when we received the bill.. just over £50 for the 2 burgers, Sausage & mash and 3 softdrinks. Nice enough location and interesting decor but delivery of food was too slow and softdrinks were much more than expected... dissapointing. 
We live close by and The Bollo is our local so we go there for drinks quite often and we have dined few times. Every time is different and there is no consistency in the quality of the food and dishes. For example I had a buttermilk chicken bowl three weeks ago and it was delicious and very well presented. Got the same dish recently and it was a totally different dish. Chicken was overcooked and burnt and presented on a lake of watery coleslaw. The most annoying thing is that the menu says that all bowls come with flatbread but when I got the dish there was no flatbread; when I asked the waitres went to kitchen to check with the chef and came back with a slice of cold stiff white bread. She said that the kitchen run out of flat bread (it was 2pm and we were the only people to dine), however my husband was eating a wrap so obviously they did have some sort of better looking flatbread. We were with friends, they had fish and chips and said it was good so I guess I got the wrong dish but having had it already and knowing as it should have been I was quite disappointed. 
We were given a voucher as a present so decided to dine here as it was right on top of Wembley arena where we had a show booked. On arrival we were given the set menu (3 courses & a glass of wine each) and we were asked which options we wanted straight away, we asked if we could choose our dessert a little later but the waitress was adamant it had to be decided there and then, we explained that we might not even wish to have the dessert after the first two courses but she insisted that we order as it was already paid for, she said she could put it in a takeaway box if we didn’t fancy it, considering most of those options were ice cream related it did seem strange! We opted for ice cream & the waitress ran through the flavours only to come back ten minutes later to tell my husband he couldn’t have coconut as it wasn’t included in the voucher price! This did annoy my husband as he had been pushed to order and then told he couldn’t have it anyway! The service was slow, refillable drinks orders were slow, I could understand if the restaurant was busy but it wasn’t busy at all. As others have mentioned the lighting is very dim, we were ok as we were sat by a window but it was very dark in there so do bear that in mind if you are thinking of visiting. The starter was different but I liked it, the main meal was very minimal but it was delicious! I had marinated chicken and fries, I really enjoyed it and my husband was pleased with his burger. The dessert was very poor! It was described on the menu as ice cream in a cone, it came out in a small bowl, 2 scoops of ice cream and nothing else. We didn’t have the time to complain as we were running late for the show but had we had more time I would have expressed my disappointment. I don’t think we will eat there again, it is a shame because most of the food was lovely and I would have liked to have tried the other options. 
I went to have a beer with something to eat but they forgot what we ordered so after a while waitting, we had to order again. Also it was more expensive than other pubs around. 
The staff were very nice, the food was good, unfortunately when we arrived at 8pm we were told the kitchen closed at 9pm on a Thursday? Our main course arrived just as we finished our starters and are bill was brought to us at 2130, it seemed that the staff were in a hurry to leave. Shame because we liked the place and the food. 
Stopped on the off chance as fancied a late Sunday lunch. All the roasts were finished which was fine as we weren’t after one but they were also out of chicken and salmon so no protein to offer with their salads. We went ahead anyway with the salads. Very small portions for close on £10 per salad and the bacon was missing from the Caeser. Was no problem for them and arrived after we pointed it out. Drinks were good and some nice craft beers alongside trusted favourites such as London Pride. Staff were wonderfully helpful and polite. Building works going on as part of a renovation and will be a good spot near the level crossing when all finished as plenty of room outside at the front. seemed very popular with locals which is always a good sign. Will return. 
Given that the bill was substantial I'm going to be demanding about the quality! They served average pub food pre-cooked in bulk with some good parts and some poor parts. The vegetables had been roasted quite a long time before being served so were wrinkled and limp. The beef was rare which was not to everyone's taste. Although the cod portion was small, it was cooked perfectly. The sticky toffee pudding with dates was to die for. Initially the room was cold and I kept my outdoor jacket on until it warmed up. But the atmosphere was good and children friendly. 
Fish and chips - fish was soggy. Apple and peach crumble, came with currants instead of peaches, the crumble was dry biscuits and not very good. Calve liver not very good 
This is the second Cabana visited, and unlike the first (Westfield London), the service was a huge let down. 
First time visiting this restaurant but had been told there was at least one item on the menu that I would enjoy, so that was what I would be having. 
I came here with my husband, the food was absolutely amazing however the staff weren't brilliant. Now the Covent Garden Cabana the staff there are excellent! I asked to sign up for the Cabana loyalty card and was told i'll get a free desert however I couldn't claim the free bottle of Prosecco as it was event day in the stadium which was fine. come the end of the meal another member of staff asked if we wanted desert so I inquired about the free desert as I am signing up to the Cabana Card, I was told this was not possible as it was event day, so I explained that I had been told I could by another member of staff. now in this scenario I would have expected either the desert or just a 'I am sorry you have been misinformed its not possible. What I had was 'no its event day, we cant put it in the system' (no apology but this bit is fine) it was the 'who told you as I will need to have a serious talk with them its not what we do, its very bad they told you that I need to put them straight' they explained this while looking very pissed off, it was a simple mistake and I was not moaning or wanting to complain so not sure why the over reaction. From a management perspective that is awful to let the customer know you are going to have go at the member of staff when the customer has not complained about them, it is very unprofessional. 
I visited here with my husband and 3 kids during a shopping visit to London Designer Outlet. The kids meals are really good, great value and tasty too. 
Came here for a evening meeting with colleagues. 
The staff were very pleasant and helpful. It is great place to eat and drink either for a quick meal or a relaxing one. 
Well there's not much to say about this restaurant as it is basic Italian fast food. Scrubbed wooden tables diners go to refuel rather than spend an evening. The pizzas are very good, but if you don't eat pizza don't go as there is nothing else! House wine is good and cheap by the carafe. Service is terrible. 
I'm a big fan of pizza and I have wanted to go in here for quite some time. I can't imagine I'll go back. 
We had a drink in here on our arrival at our apartment next door, but found it a bit pricey for a couple of drinks 
This is a nice indian - there is a lot of competition in Enfield and the Enfield Tandoori is nice however sadly there are a few that are better. The tikka masala is very nice and they deliver. 
I recently visited Hampton Court. I used to call in here for a beer or three. Please note that this establishment is currently closed. Check their website for updates. 
Came here with friends. The pizzas are nice if you like 80% dough and crust with 20% topping. Even so a nice place to eat but not that memorable. No wow factor which for a pizza in this neck of the woods should be a given.  
Not a very extensive menu. the food however is well cooked and we went on a Sunday lunchtime and the place was packed, so I was glad we had booked. Its not really a pub, more of a restaurant. I hate a service charge as even if you get bad service you are in fact tipping,and the waitress we had displayed a sullen look on her face the whole time,as if she didn't want to be there. Food was served fairly quickly though, and it was tasty but a bit on the expensive side,so I'm giving it an average rating. 
We were visiting friends and family in Molesey and decided on an overnight in this local pub with rooms. The rooms themselves were a bit themed around Royals, with four-poster beds and lots of gold and mirrors. The beds were comfortable, but the attention to detail was definitely not royal standard, sadly. 
Sacro Cuore is a relatively new pizza place in Crouch End serving wood fired pizzas. 
Sacro Cuore which is now also open at 10 Crouch Hill, London N8 8AA simply sells some of the best pizza in London or anywhere for that matter. Stunningly good, wood fired pizza delivered in minutes to your table. The dough is soft and chewy, the sauce is divine, the torn basil and chunks of garlic give it that authentic rustic taste you might get in the better restaurants of Palermo. However. The staff look half bored and have no interest, Deliveroo drivers constantly come in and out, and the Heavy Metal music doesn't help. The surroundings are plain and dour like that of a school and the drinks list is abysmal! They offer 2 wines, red or white, both of which are pretty awful. This is Crouch End, we are the drinking classes! If they got a half decent wine list and tarted the place up a bit to look more authentic, they would do a killing round here. One cannot enjoy the best pizza this side of Sicily whlist drinking cheap plonk. 
This is an interesting pub /hotel in a perfect location right next to the entrance gate to Hampton Court Palace. The building retains many unique features all of which add to its undoubted character. We were staying close by so we visited on a couple of occasions. The food wasn't bad, but expensive for what it was, but the worst aspect was the truly awful tasting beer, which was flat and not well kept. I tried several different brews and each was as bad. Whoever's in charge of the beer needs to have a re-think! 
A lovely olde world feeling to this hotel, although the room did not match the look of the rooms on their website and could have done with redecorating. The toilet needed replacing.  
neither avoid it nor go out of your way to get there. we did the weekend buffet and it was standard stuff - nothing more , nothing less 
Pizza is quite good though you can find better places around London. Mine was a bit burnt and too chewy, but overall not bad. Relaxed atmosphere where we were allowed to stay as long as we liked with no pressure to leave, something that's not always so common in busy restaurants.  
We stayed here for one night at a reduced rate for a wedding nearby. 
Not much food available when we arrived on a Sunday evening but I expect they had had a busy day being next to the Palace. Not very busy and I think they need to up their offering to survive in the current market although I'm sure they do a roaring trade during the day.  
I've stayed here every few weeks for the last 5 months and stayed in several rooms. It is a very beautiful historical building and with it comes the quirks like uneven floors, narrow passages etc. which is all completely fine and part of the fabric. But...it is in dire need of a lick of paint and a general refresh upstairs in the rooms and communal passages as it looks tired and shabby (and not in a good chic kind of way either). This needn't be expensive. The walls on the landing are painted in a dark green colour which is heavily chipped and adds to the general gloomy feel. The rooms in some cases have heavy brocade curtains which are falling off runners and bathrooms generally look extremely budget with blinds broken or hanging by a thread. 
No tables at The Swan so tried The Bollo on a Friday night. Nice pub but not very inspiring. Menu okay so tried the cheese burger and fat chips. The burger would not have been out of place in McDonalds and the fat chips were not cooked with any taste. Pity really as its nice and local but too many better venues around to go back. My partner enjoyed her duck which looked a lot more tastier than mine. 
One of the best Pizza in town. However fast food character. Friendly people. Small. Cosy. Live oven in winter maybe disturbed by opening entrance = draft  
Not the best pizza in the World - dry crust and not very interesting topping - expensive for what it is - the salad rocket was dull not enough dressing and not much else in it - could do so much better for the money 
This park is the closest one to the bushy park entrance and it is a very traditional looking pub. Good beer here from hall and woodhouse so would definitely recommend. 
Reliable above average local gastropub. Short but interesting menu well presented with friendly service. Avoid wednesday quiz night! 
Been to the one in Crouch end and ended up paying 3.50 pounds for half of shot of Limoncello. NO draught beer and the bottles for the equivalent of a ping ended up costing nearly 8 quid. Don't look here for value for money. Stuff was ok and reasonably accommodating but all in all stlll not good value for money. 
Stayed in a single room as it was only one night, which was perfectly adequate, although not spacious obviously. The bathroom looked fairly new and the sloping floor added a bit of charm. The main issue was the water running out in the shower after a few minutes. It came back a little while later as slightly more than a trickle - presumably the water boiler is limited or something. 
We live locally and have been visiting Sacro Cuore since it opened. The pizza's are good but I felt compelled to write a review after one too many pizza's that lacked sufficient topping. The margarita and marinara we had tonight was dry in parts and disappointing. I once ordered a pizza with an additional topping of anchovies and got a meagre 3 tiny fillets. Anytime we ask for them to be generous with the tomato sauce base they charge us for an extra topping. Mean! Also, they don't offer a kids menu which I think is ridiculous seeing as the area is full of families. Thankfully Franco Manca recently opened on Westbourne Grove. I think we will make more of an effort to go there for pizza as the pizza's are generous and delicious, they have a kids menu and it's a better experience. 
I went here with a friend tonight, I'd heard so many positive reviews. However, I found the pizza soggy in the middle and the outside chewy and in some parts not cooked well. I was very disappointed. I also found the staff pushy in terms of getting us to order, it wasn't too busy and we were asked about 4 times if we were ready to order. 
This is a big family friendly pub. We went on a crowded Sunday lunchtime - so yes, there was a lot of noise from other people's kids but on the plus side we could take our dog inside too. There is a (slightly) quieter restaurant area but we were in the bar area because of the four legged one, and also because the quieter bit gets booked up. It's pleasantly busy but not somewhere for a quiet romantic moment. 
The pub backs on to Hampton Court which was excellent for an event there. There are very limited parking spaces and it is difficult to feel comfortable with your car retained at Her Majesty's pleasure in Bushy Park overnight. The room was shabby and did not feel worthy of its name Henry Tudor after a visit to the Palace, but it worked. 
Call in here for breakfast. Looked good on the menu, but failed to meet expectations. My Breakfast listed sautéed potatoes which did not materialise, back or streaky bacon, I ordered back which did arrive. My wife ordered poached egg on toast with streaky. She received back bacon. Food OK, but check what is available before you order. We were not advised of shortages, or offered alternatives.  
we are regulars here, but feel the standards are slipping. seated in a corner, forgotten by waitstaff after the main course was served, i've never seen waitstaff rushing back and forth to kitchen avoiding eye contact with the tables. think they should be careful with all the new foreign hires about attitude and presentation. make the effort, brits lnotice.  
I've been here in the past and the pizza price was just ok, now after 1 year this guys are crazy. They charge extra for everything. 2 pizza for me and my partner was 28£ take away and we had 2 margherita with extra salami.... Its true London is expensive compare Italy but this guys they cross the line..... Too expensive. 
I agree with the last reviewer .... pizza very good but when it came to the ambience .... can only say it wasn't really there. In general I would prefer to get a basilico and have it at home ..... 
Visited the King's Arms for some lunch before heading to the Hampton Court Flower Show and decided to eat here due to where the car park was for the show and could not get into the show until later. There was a limited selection of food to order and the available selection did seem a little expensive for a pub lunch (£36 for 3 meals and 3 drinks). 
We came here for the opening last year and have been a few times since, food and drink are always amazing. This time we came with friends. First thing we notice was that no one greeted us at all when we came in and waited at the bar to get a drink, even with the barman making drinks for another customer and plenty of waiting staff who saw us, no one said “sorry I’ll be right with you” this surprised me, normally they are very friendly. After what seemed like an age I walked over to the waiting staff to ask which our table was having called up midweek to book a table for 4. we were surprised that they had no booking and as the table service area was full they found a table in the bar area for us. Having waited another 5 min to order our drinks, that didn’t turn up, 10 minutes later what I presume was the manager, who was very friendly, came out (prob on lunch break beforehand) and asked us what drinks we would like, we explained we had already ordered a while ago and he apologised and got them straight away. 
We went at the Crouch End branch. The pizza was ok, Neapolitan style, but the waitress/hostess was so boring and not kind that the whole experience was not as expected! 
When I were a lad, if our parents took us to a pub that we were allowed to sit in, we would often sit in the corner with a Coke and a packet of crisps. If they had a beer garden, we got free rein! Now parents think it's OK - and it seems an increasing number of landlords are happy to accomodate it - to let kids with names like Ella and Leo, crawl/walk/run around the bar areas or watch Peppa Pig at full volume on their iPads. With kids come mess, and under our table were half a dozen discarded chips and what looked like some squashed peas, gifts from previous half-pint guests. My Big Smoke burger was delicious, and the meat was cooked well and of good quality. Beer selection was vast with something for everyone. Staff pretty friendly although was busy so chat was obviously kept to a mimimum. I'd probably return, but only as a last resort and certainly not before 7pm/whenever 'bath time' is these days. 
A run-of-the-mill pub restaurant with a limited menu. Prices acceptable. Excellent service from polite and helpful staff 
I love Neapolitan pizza so couldn't wait to visit this restaurant! Unfortunately the experience was a bit of a disappointment. We arrived and were told it would be a 30 minute wait which was understandable as we could see how busy it was. So we walked to the local tesco and had a stroll round there then came back and sat in the outside area. We saw tables leave and were waiting to be seated but Italians were seated in our place. Eventually they noticed us and quickly found us a table after we had been waiting an eternity. Sadly we were then further ignored. The table next to us who had been seated after received their pizzas before we even got our starters, and then we had to wait ages between my boyfriend receiving his pizza and mine arriving. They could see we were sitting there waiting with half our order but didn't do anything, and then I saw one of the waitresses take my pizza to someone else's table and when a waiter saw my face and told her she took it back off them and bought it to me. The pizza was delicious but so disappointed that we received such poor service! We won't be visiting again. 
Popped into the Flintgate for a roast dinner having been recommended by a neighbour. 
We called in for early evening drinks. We were served by a young guy wearing a green sweatshirt. I asked for a wine list, and was given a sticky menu, when I pointed this out he said “ sorry” and then just put it back with the others. Obviously couldn’t care less..... 
The Bollo re-opened this week as a sit down restaurant more than a gastropub. Customers are intercepted as they walk in and asked if they plan to eat. If not, they are instructed to stand at the small bar. This Bollo is no longer positioned as 'the friendly local' where you can meet friends over a few drinks and have good food in a casual atmosphere. If do you want to eat here, they advise you to make a reservation in advance. 
The food is of average quality and very over priced for what it is - you're a pub not a restaurant so don't charge restaurant prices!! I only come here because the food is half price with a taste card - I wouldn't dine here otherwise.  
Why would we come back? Because with Tastecard you get 50% food discount here, 7 days/week. So a meal that should have been 100£, actually was only 50£. For 5 people.  
Part of the Badger Brewery from Dorset, the historic pub-restaurant sits right next to a gate to the grouinds of Hampton Court Palace but has been allowed to decline both as a building and its attention to detail. The food was tasty, fresh and well presented but took an age even though the site was not busy. The tables were sticky with dried beer from previous guests. The bar staff had never heard of the brewery's Golden Glory ale, to my mind one of the most attractive drinks for a warm summer day. With better management, this could be a great site, even though it is restricted so that the outside sitting area runs alongside the main road. 
Went for Mothers Day as recommended. Took nearly 2.5 hours to serve 3 courses. Roast was warm and the meat chewy. Waiting staff pleasant but stretched as it took 15 minutes and two requests for mint sauce! Service only really on serving food and in 2.5 hours it would have been better for someone to say "we are busy" or "it'll be coming late" than us having to ask when it was coming or even to ask if we wanted more drinks. Shame because it has great potential. Was going back in a few weeks but will probably source something different.  
Very friendly staff, good pub food, lots of locals and dogs allowed. Lots of seating and a varied amount of local beer and traditional ales. Prosecco by the glass which makes a nice change as not in London. Big wine and champagne choice also. 
This is the third time we’ve dined at The Flintgate and the second time the service has been lacking. We were celebrating a family birthday - a table of 10 and 2 of the 10 starters didn’t come out until around half an hour after everyone else had finished theirs. The mains then took a very long time to come out (over an hour) and again, one was missing. We had to fetch our own drinks from off the bar at the end of the night because the waiters were having a chat behind the bar. Very disappointing with no apologies from the staff. 
Pizza was okay. The service was middling. There were three wait staff for ten tables. That was two waiters too many but I guess they have to justify the ubiquitous service charge even if the service was lacking and not very friendly. I also thought it was overpriced for pizza. 
Recommended by a friend, the pizza was good but not great. The burrata was a bit dry, the bruschetta was average, pizza was good and just enough for one hungry person. Red wine was way too warm and asked for ice bucket to take a few degrees off it.  
Not bad place but could be better... staff very nice and helpful and the ambience is not bad... big portions... but flavour should be improved a little bit.. 
Great location, nice interior. Went for a Sunday roast, very well priced and the food was ok for just over a tenner... But the service fell short, the staff seemed stressed out... and that does not make for a nice amosphere. They got our orders wrong. Verdict: we all make mistakes, try it and see what you think. 
I visited this pub on a weekday night with a couple of colleagues. The food was pretty good, and so was the dessert. I had the battered fish and chips. The service though left a lot to be desired. We started with a lovely waitress who was helpful however their shifts changed apparently and the waitress coming on absolutely ignored us for an hour.  
Fairly standard Indian food with prompt service. Slight mark downs were the cold poppadoms and greasy rice, but the main dishes were ok. Only other issue we ordered just a couple more coffees after the bill was paid, and we were promptly charged for these with a new bill. I would have thought that a 'complimentary' gesture would be a good idea, but bottom line profit counts more than happy customers. In summary just about ok, but probably won't return. 
I have been eating at this restaurant about two weeks ago after many people had recommended it. The pizza was really good but the service was awful. I asked him to replace olive oil with truffle oil for my pizza, the waiter said that of course there would be no problems but I was not mentioned that I would have to pay extra. The problem is not the two extra pound (because I know that the truffle oil is expensive) but the waiter must always inform the customer about everything. However, in general the service was really bad, 15 minutes to take the order, the drinks came after the starters and the waiters were passing the time to use the phone in front of customers! I work in hospitality and perhaps this is the reason why I noticed all these defects, but then again if you're just looking for a good pizza this is one of the few really good places in london. 
Nice food, service a bit slow but friendly. 
I have eaten here before and always found the food to be of high quality so thought we would try a lockdown takeaway! The food arrived promptly after 45 minutes as promised,unfortunately things went downhill after that. The starters were barely warm and needed reheating as for the pizzas well , they were slightly on the Cajun side to put it mildly! Very dry , almost as if they had forgotten to put the tomato sauce on. Pepperoni topping also on the burnt side. Very disappointed , would have expected better from an Italian restaurant claiming pizzas as a speciality. Will not be ordering again. 
For a hotel that is next to Hampton Court Palace, it is such a shame that this place has been stripped of any character. The roaring fireplace is now glass brick and there is not a hint of its nearness to the 16th Century Palace apart from the name of the restaurant. The food was good, some dishes were excellent, but the service was lacklustre and slow given we were one of only 3 tables. Over all i was just underwhelmed by my experience and wont be rushing back 
Now called The Six. This place need a refurb and it has been done to a very high standard. Now closer to fine dining than the pub grub of before. 
Five of us decided to have dinner at the Bollo last night.We were instantly swept away to the rear section of the pub to a round table positioned under a very large and bright chandelier, beautiful as it was, it was not the most enticing spot. We asked to have a table in the front but this was a big issue and reluctantly we were allowed to sit at a table next to a pillar in the centre. not ideal because it had seating for 3 on one side and two on the other , and so we asked to move a chair to the end of the table. Another big deal. An almost empty restaurant, an over zealous maître'd, which quite frankly somewhat spoilt the evening. The menu was quite limited ,I went for the fish and chips which was very tasty.The cod with crab was very nice . it was unfortunate that the atmosphere and service was lacking.Having been regularly to the pub prior to the refurb I think they have wasted their money, I won't be returning. 
We have been weekly visitors to the bollo for about a year. They recently closed for a renovation which typically means new corporate owners, though we were assured it was just new management. It was a tad beat up but perfectly charming and had the best food of all the surrounding pubs by far, but I am afraid those days may be over. the food has taken a downturn, the prices have taken an upturn and the service though friendly was a bit over attentive. Quiz night, gone. Two for 1 entrees Mondays, gone! This place was always packed Mondays, which is a notoriously slow night so that part of their business will really take a beating. It's really a shame because with the new residential buildings coming online soon they were really poised to be in a prime location to make a killing, but now? I doubt it. BRING BACK OUR FRIENDLY DELICIOUS GASTROPUB PLEASE!!  
Popped in for a beer after visiting the palace. The staff were friendly and the prices were reasonable for a beer and gin. Not quite the cosy, inviting pub experience that we were looking for, but pleasant nonetheless and well worth a quick pitstop. 
We ate out here this afternoon, it was slightly hit 'n' miss though, staff were friendly and accommodating, food was average, I had the burger & fries, my friends had roast dinner and fish and chips. tastes were ok! 
Have been going to this restaurant for a number of years and always had a good meal. Unfortunately have noticed over the last two visits the portion size reducing to the point where I had to say something to the waiter. Quality of food good, value for money poor. Also annoyed by the built in service charge. Starter was on table before bread then waited an age for the small main course. Will be avoiding for a while. 
I was there for the first time and I had a really nice time. They have a great atmosphere. There is also a little terrace, so it's perfect for the sunny days. Altough the ingredients used are really fresh, the pizzas were just OK. They were a bit undercooked for my taste. Not crispy at all. But the extreme highlight were the desserts: the tiramisu is just wonderful. I also tried the pistachio ice-cream and was also amazing. I was suprised by the price, since we ended paying just 12 pounds each (please bear in mind that we did not order any wine nor spirits). Really worth a try. 
I have been to this place a few times when work commitments bring me to this area of the UK. 
Every time we go we are impressed with the food, but the drink and some of the food prices are getting ridiculous. I’ve paid less in Michelin star places!  
We were drawn to this Pizzeria because of the raving articles on the Young & Foodish web site. Visited this restaurant on Sunday 18.06.2013 for fathers day. Really don't know what the hype was all about. Its an avergae pizzeria & frankly we have been to better ones.  
We went there after shopping in London designer outlet, the restaurant is not bad, drink is fine, only thing not that satisfied was when the waiter serve the BBQ chicken to my plat, he left some source on my spoon and my dress, no apology for the dirty spoon, and I've noticed the source on my dress when back home, unfortunately, I didn't succeeded to wash it totally clean. The restaurant is good for a try, but I wouldn't go next time because of the service. 
We finallly got around to checking out the newly refurbished Bollo. The space inside is very well done with excellent atmosphere. Very nice long bar. In better weather, there is outside space, however, the road in front doesn't lend a lot to the mood. The menu is a bit limited, and not very creative. Most of the food we ordered was simply "OK." One of our steaks was a bit burned.  
Full disclosure: I ate here shortly after it reopened having been refurbished and am only just reviewing it now. Things may have changed. I walk past it several times per day and note it is often very empty these days. Their brilliant quiz nights and Monday specials which used to pack the place out are gone. Very sad. 
As above food is very tasty, cocktails are good, not watered down like some of the other places in the LDO. The only downside is the service is a little slow at times and the food doesn't" always come out together. 
The place is tacky but entertaining, we had a pleasant night. However, the food is really poor quality and absolutely overpriced.  
Service and cuisine failures conspired to make our visit less than impressive. Normally l would give a restaurant as well reviewed as this a second chance. Sadly, once was enough. 
It is a very kitschy place and has not a lot to do with Austria. The food is predominantly German, so is the entertainment. The food tasted okay, but nothing of the extraordinary. Nonetheless, it is a fun night out if one wants something different for a change. I'd go back, but not too soon. 
Came with four children under 12 place was not busy and always love the food here.  
The lunchtime staff were very welcoming when we asked if could just have a drink - after being refused entry to Prezzo over the other side unless we bought a meal - but when we returned later in the day to order more delicious cocktails and some food there were different staff and confusion about where we had to go to order food. What came was very tasty though! 
Great fun evening. However, I booked on-line a month previously through the Quandoo website (which is where The Tiroler takes you to). I had a confirmation email the day before requesting I confirm, which I did. My family of 8 was coming from Essex and Kent to help me celebrate my birthday. Luckily my daughter had phoned during the day to organise a surprise birthday cake. She was informed there was no booking under my name. She called me, and I duly called the restaurant to quote my reference. They could see I had booked on line but somehow that hadn’t translated onto the reservations page. I was told we would be squeezed in. When we got there, we had been placed in the bar area which is next to the restaurant but without the entertainment, the atmosphere and was cold by the entrance. Luckily, the kind waitress sorted us out and moved us into the restaurant and our evening proceeded as it should have done, with great company, laughter and food. Culminating in dancing. I just shudder to think what would have happened if my daughter hadn’t called during the day and found out the error in our reservation. 
We love this restaurant and have been frequent visitors for years; we love that we can order anything from the menu for kids, however the price increases this year have made it too overpriced for what it is in the village. The food is amazing and the service almost always great, but we feel it's gone too far on cost to keep it a family favourite so will sadly be losing our visits now. £3-£4 off a £16 pizza for a child makes it a very expensive kid's meal still. We have had the misfortune of having to question misplaced items on the bill 3 times now too. Bring the prices back down to a quality family evening out and we will return. 
For their pizza i will be happy to come back any time. But only for pizza. I've tried pasta and friend's been trying some of their veal and chicken dishes, not that great. Specially pasta from here taste very hard, like undercooked. Staff members are pretty polite and friendly, but very slow. We been here like a big group of people after work few times and we been always waiting ages until somebody show up to our table. They got nice hygiene covid standards with their plastic covers between tables, so i believe people feel safe spending time over there, same as we was.  
We went in on a Friday .. It wasn’t very busy.. The staff were pleasant and efficient but the food wasn’t as impressive a we had hoped. It lacked presentation and taste.. there was certainly no wow factor. Although we enjoyed our time there we could have prepared something similar at home.  
I have been here a few times, it's lovely food if you like Turkish and the service is very good! I have noticed the price is a little more expensive than some other Turkish paces I have been too. 
The food was good but it is a little pricey! However, if you are a student, you get 30% off on certain days - check before you go as this really helps! I also tried the passion fruit drink and it is amazing!  
Not bad food but I wouldn’t say it was nice. Pretty average. I ordered the Margherita Rustica but it was no better than one from Pizza Hut or Dominoes so I was quite disappointed. 
I was so happy to go back to this place, that I Liked so much last time I was there. First of all, when we arrived the table that we had booked was not ready and we had to wait at the bar. Then we got a table next to the kitchen, in the passage, which is quite frustrating when you have with you the Chairman of a huge Corporation in London. Then we waited for 20 min at the table with our menus, with nothing served and nobody asking.Then we got the Maitre D who didn't ask us about our food order but only came to check if we had selected the wine. I am used to choose my wine after I have chosen my food, not beforehand. Then we got the wine served and asked the waitress whether we could get some bread and butter as our food order didn't seem to interest anybody, we got that 15 min later. Then we ordered the food and got the Blue cheese iceberd salads, which had too much vinegar and was not nice at all. When we got our steaks, a very long time after, but we were fed up waiting and didn't enjoy the dish as we just wanted to finish and leave. The steaks were extremely good and well cooked, a shame they arrived so late. Usually I love cheese cakes for my desserts, I had to pass, it was late and boring. 
We arrived at 7.30 and was told there was a slight wait in the food waiting times which we agreed was okay .. after an hour and a hell of a lot of drinking ( which cost double the amount the food did because we was bored waiting ) the starter arrived  
Went for a family meal here.  
We visited as a large table of 11 at 6pm on a sat evening as a birthday celebration. It was the first time we had been since the restaurant changed to a steak house. The entrance, decor and bar area are really nicely decorated. We were seated quickly and had our order taken by a very tall, polite, efficient waiter ( sorry his name escapes me) 
This Miller and Carter is in the same location as where the Harvester used to be. Fantastic location and plenty of parking. 
We decided to go for dinner here as we had a 2 for 1 offer. We wanted to order the prawns and calamari, they had ran out of both of the starters so we decided not to order one. I ordered the pizza and chocolate brownie. The food was ok and good value as I had the voucher but it’s not somewhere that I would visit and pay full price. 
A little on the expensive side but lovely food, a nice atmosphere and generally very welcoming staff. Very family orientated...the owner showed my young daughter the pizza ovens. Great to have a local restaurant that is pleasant 
Second time here and it was quite disappointed. Our waiter seemed distracted or maybe tired? I asked if the Calamari was ‘tentically’ or ‘rings/pieces’ he said it was ‘tentically’ so I chose something else, my colleague got it and it was not. My chips arrived with Barbacoa Cheese instead of the beef dripping version.  
My family have been coming to the restaurant quite a bit over the last year. We have had birthdays here and always enjoyed the food and the outstanding level of service. Last week however, we went for dinner on a Saturday night. It was busy and the waiter was run off his feet so much so he kept forgetting things we asked for. Food was good but portion sizes were smaller. We didn’t have desert as we were feeling frustrated by the rubbish service and stressful environment so we asked for the bill. My dad was told you can only pay cash!!!! Cash?! He had a credit card which he explained but they didn’t care they told him to go to the local cash machine!! So after enjoying a dinner and wine and with not a word about cash only before the meal, my dad was charged to take cash out and go back to the restaurant to pay! Safe to say he didn’t leave a tip this time and wont be returning. Bring back the fabulous waitresses you had before and a card machine.  
Experience depends on which server you get. Only ever had one lady who was really attentive. There is always something that goes wrong, such as not being brought your drinks before the food comes out. Best thing about this place is the beef dripping sauce, which I wish they would package and sell. 
We had an early table booked for Saturday evening (6.30pm) On arrival a friend decided to join us for a drink - the waiter did eventually push a chair in, but he was quite obviously not pleased about having to do it.  
We there for a family meal, food was fine but sat by the bar area and instead of going round the table to serve drinks the waiter kept leaning over me on several occasions to hand out the drinks and to serve the food that I had to keep leaning out the way. I was thinking if he does that one more time I'm biting his arm lol  
Saturday night I went to this restaurant for a takeaway for me and my girlfriend. I ordered 2 mix grills and a salad for each. I had waited for 45 minutes for my takeaway and there was hardly any customers! As soon as they started to become busy they made sure to prioritise their inside customers and made me wait far too long for a small order of a takeaway! When I get home it wasn’t until I saw what the portion they gave me! Ridiculous value I don’t think I’ll be getting a takeaway there again!  
we had a lovely meal and good service, we finished our meal and asked the waiter for the bill when he gave me the bill he handwritten in BOLD service not included, this is pat hate on mine although I had the cash to give him this annoyed me and left no tip 
Saturday afternoon late lunch, starter was ok, why do the restaurants insist on serving a tomato salad straight from a cold fridge, room temperature is more flavoursome. 
Not a bad branch but could be more accommodating. I wanted to sit in a booth to be more comfortable as I am pregnant and was catching up with my cousin post her wedding. One table was reserved and another in a part of the restaurant that wasn't "open for service on that evening" according to the manager. Didn't realise priorities of the restaurant takes precedence over customer satisfaction. Been a while since I visited a Zizzi restaurant. Doubt I'll be back... On other hand waiter was nice and helpful with menus. 
This was my second visit to Zizzi's in Romford. 
I had the calamari, which was good, the capricciosa pizza, which was also good. I tried the choco orange dessert, was nice too. So food is good. Starter was £7, pizza was £12 to give you some idea of the cost. We had the Sicilian red (Nero D'avola) £24 which was fine too. Downsides ... 1) Service was slow. We arrived at 7.30 and were still eating at almost 10. They took an age to take our order and then another age for it to arrive. The place was heaving though. 2) They had a live singer, sang crooner songs e.g. Frank Sinatra and Dean Martin. He was really not very good, more like an okay amateur karaoke singer, although the older generation seemed to enjoy him. It was not just his speech singing skills that were lacking, it was that when he started to sing, the ability to easily converse at your table was gone. I go to restaurants to talk not to listen to mediocre singing, and this is from someone who loves the rat pack. Ditch the singer, sorry. 
Chicken was very nice , same with the red meat (juicy and good marination). The cold meze was also very nice. However, being a Turkish Cypriot, I did not enjoy the small portion size. Ordered a shared platter between a friend of mine and the rice serving was literally two spoon full. I found that very disrespectful. Meat was also only 2 sish pieces each, and the platter was worth £35. 
Very tasty lunch and the restaurant is decorated lovely with hard working and attentive staff. Only gave three stars though because of the high price doesn't reflect the foods worth. In my humble opinion.  
great service, expected abit more from miller & carter, very overpriced for such small plates, food wasnt great but not bad either. wouldnt go back in a hurry 
We’d spent a day at Odd Farm with the family, after leaving the farm we took a drive into Burnham. We’d stumbled across this nice Italian on the little high street, as we drove past it looked nice from outside, so we decided to park up. On entering the restaurant there was only 4 tables with people dining, I asked for a table for 5 and the waiter said he could give me a table, but we must be finished by 7:45pm. The time was 6:00pm and that was enough time for us dine and leave.  
We visited this restaurant on Saturday 24th February 2018. A party of 4.  
I visited here last night (25/07/19) as a single diner on a brief trip to London. The restaurant was about half full and I was served quickly. Had a main course and a glass of wine. The guy in charge gave me a lesson in what wine I was ordering - not required. The chicken and pasta dish was OK, nothing special but it came quickly and looked appealing. After that, no-one spoke to me until I had to leave my table to go and pay the bill, despite there being 4 people waiting on. A "how's your food?" or would you like dessert would have been good. When I paid the bill I was charged with a 10% service charge. Really?? A single diner in a half full cheapo Italian pasta place being charged for non existent service?? Pierino won't see me again. 
Nice staff, good service but wasn't very impressed with the pizzas. Think they used tinned tomatoes on pizza base instead of passata which gave it an acidic taste. They were hard to cut and parts were overdone. Underwhelming. 
Visited on a Friday lunch time. It was very quiet so the waiter was very attentive. I asked for the dietary menu as I am vegan and there is quite a good selection. My pasta was quite bland in appearance and taste. The pizzas looked nice and were freshly cooked so think this would be a better option. Vegan dessert was delicious but my friend’s non vegan dessert was tasteless and she left most of it. We were not charged for this and had a voucher for 30% off mains so for lunch it was ok.  
Just a quick review to say if you are looking to go for a bite to eat after the pictures you could give Zizzi's a try. Visited mid week and whilst the food was what you would expect from your usual restaurant chain we were pleasantly surprised by the attentive service given by our waiter. Top marks goes to Iullian! 
Midweek lunch, not particularly busy but service very poor. Everything took so long and don’t bother asking for tap water, it just won’t arrive. My partner ordered pepperoni pizza which had a lot of ham but hardly any pepperoni. We had prawn linguine which was actually spaghetti. Don’t think I would go back 
We had the lunch menu yesterday. It was good value at £6.95 each. Husband and I had starter of 2 pieces of calamari each. I had chicken shish and husband had lamb shish with salad an small portion of rice some of mine was raw and I worried it cracked a tooth! We had chilli sauce and yogurt based dip. Waiter nowhere to be found when we entered (the place was empty but did get quite a few clients after we started eating). Waiter was employed as a none speaking waiter as he never said a word to us.As has been mentioned before decor very poor 
Went mid week when waiting staff were thin on the ground (only one waitress!). The décor was local themed which made for an odd atmosphere as its Italian (greyhounds and pasta!). The furniture was a little tatty and grubby. 
I visited here last night with my boyfriend, firstly we ended up waiting 10 minutes to be seated, then once asking someone to seat us as we sat down I couldn’t even take my jacket off as the whole restaurant was freezing from the air con! we ordered the usual, steak and chips but got garlic veg and mac and cheese for other sides. When they bought our food (baring in mind we chose the £50 steak) they brought a tiny slice each of their onion loaf.. I then asked one of the waiters if it’s meant to be a ‘loaf’ then why do we only have a tiny slice, he apologised and bought a whole loaf for us which was very kind. Although when they decided to bring our Mac and cheese and veg, the veg is a round dish and it had about 6 pieces of veg in a bowl worth £4. I asked the waitress if this massive bowl was only meant to have 6 pieces of veg in it and she said this is how it comes that’s it.. not really on for paying £4 plus they were cold.. 
Food is nice (typical chain Italian) but I have found the service poor a few times now - once it was so slow we had to leave as we would have otherwise missed the cinema. They then got surly because we didn't leave a tip! 
Menu and portion sizes have changed, which is a real shame. The calzone used to come with a little side salad and that no longer happens. The Sofia Rustica pizza has considerably shrunk but both of these still cost the same if not more.  
We had heard that you get a great meal at Miller and Carter restaurants but had not seen one where we live near Manchester. When we spied this one we quickly pulled in. The decor was quite nice but the place was virtually empty. We presumed that was because it was after the main lunch rush. We ordered the two course lunch offer and had a lovely waiter Peter. 
A two-course lunch for two people at £39 is a tad expensive but the chicken risotto was first class and the chicken prosciutto was also good although the starters were mediocre. 
Our visit was on a Saturday night. Parking was available and the restaurant was 80% full. Our first impression was a male guest running out of the restaurant to the outside tables with no shoes not really suited to a restaurant selling £30 steaks. There was a stench of cigarettes throughout the meal probably from the outside tables and possibly through the air conditioning. 
Efficient and friendly service. Very reasonable prices, decent house wine, windows can open onto the street to give more air on a summer night. Garlic bread starter HUGE! Enough for 3-4 people as it's basically a garlic pizza.... 
Food okay but nothing special. Over priced for what you get. Would I return, no. 
This generic chain outlet is located in a large shopping centre near the cinema alongside similar establishments (Nandos, Pizza Express etc). We visited Monday lunch, when it was very quiet. Service was good, staff were pleasant. The calzone piccante was fine and reasonable value with our 25% discount voucher. As ever, the drinks here are overpriced. OK though.  
Service was great but food not so much. Ordered the lamb which although cooked well had no taste whatsoever. Do bland. Sauce that came with it wasn't very nice either, but at least that was served separately.  
I went here on a work’s business trip (6 people) and it was pretty good but my review is based on this being a top-end steak restaurant. And to be honest, I was fairly underwhelmed, I had expected to be wowed. Other reviews seem to have been more favourable than mine so perhaps I got an unlucky cut of steak (Aberdeen Angus 14oz). It was cooked really well at medium rare but my steak was actually really gristly and I had to leave around a third of it (I know there should be some fat for flavour). If I had been paying myself for it, I’d have been really disappointed. 
Not very busy first time iv visited with family and friends service not great food not great very over priced for what you get would not visit again or recommend. 
Upon arrival the host was very nice and seated us to accommadate our request. Decor is very nice modern, fresh and had aircon which was a bonus as we went on a very warm evening. Once seated we were not approved by any waiting staff to ask if we would like a drink despite one member of staff wondering around looking bored a few tables down. I had to get up and go back to front desk to ask the host to get someone to take our drink order as we had been there nearly 15 mins already ( this was 6:30 so resturant was half empty). The waiting staff were lacking good English making ordering a nightmare as she could not understand some of our requests, resulting in elements of our dishes being wrong or missing. The service was slow and to say 3 of us had the bistro rump and asked how we liked it cooked,all came med rare dispite some resuest for well done,this wasn't helped by the steaks being small in width and 2inch thick, so obtaining the right balance of well done and med wasn't possible. Dessert were very nice but again element of one dish had several bits missing to which one waitress disagreed even after we stated the menu says, but when asking another waitress who passed our table she spoted straight away what she could see was missing and went straight to the kitchen to bring us these extras. For the price you pay and the fact we even went at a quite period, not impressed at all I'm afraid. Millar and Carter have a good reputation for quality food and service but unfortunatly Stirling corner have failed on delivering this. 
Nice atmosphere and decoration, however, it needs work on the service and on the friendliness of the staff. 
Not nearly as good as other chains specialising in italian food. Menu sounded more appealing than food actually was. Reasonably priced.  
I had the SPIEDINI PESCATORE 
staff very friendly , restaurant had a nice atmosphere the starters of prawns where lovely but my gluten free pizza was awful it was doughy in the middle and so hard at the edges I couldn't cut it. I could only eat just under half of it. I did mention this to the waitress and she gave me some excuse why it was like that and that the base comes ready made . I did explain this wasn't the he first gluten free pizza that I have had in other restaurants but she wasn't interested. 
It took some heart to give this 3 stars—even though there wasn’t much in the way of heart at the place. It went like this: There wasn’t a table available inside; we said we were ok being outside. They told us 15 mins. There was no line that we could see. We politely asked if the empty table outside was available. They grudgingly gave it to us, though I’m not sure why the grudge? No one else was waiting. Gave us one menu for 4 people. Anyway, long story short—feeling as if they were doing us a favor by serving us, brought out pizzas but not my daughter’s pasta, and when 15 mins later we inquired when her pasta would be ready, there was this looong excuse about how the pizza kitchen was separate from the pasta kitchen, even though we hadn’t really challenged them except to ask/remind them, again very politely. (And they had actually come out with the pasta at that point...)Workers came out and smoked right behind us. We were given soup but had to ask for spoons after several minutes of waiting. Spoons were dirty—caked on old food. Again, it was serviceable food but the feeling we were being judged as—what? Americans? Tourists? I dunno—you don’t like either of those, maybe don’t open a business in one do the busiest tourist areas in London? 
Staff are friendly enough however there was a long wait for drinks . Food took a long time to come out but that's nice as you don't feel rushed . I ordered a pizza and in my opinion needed about another 10 minutes in the oven . All in all it was ok but would not go back in a hurry .  
I have been here a few times and know what to expect 
We went on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was very busy as expected. We opted for the 3 course for £15.95 menu, and the choices on offer were pretty good. The food was of decent quality, well cooked and tasty. Only downside was that they tried to serve my wife with a pizza when she had ordered spaghetti bolognese, but this was quickly rectified. Not wishing to sound snobby but the general clientele made it seem like we were eating in a fast food outlet rather than an Italian restaurant (as to be expected eating in Romford I suppose)! I appreciate this isn't the restaurants fault but this, and the mistake with our order has put me off returning. 
Service was very good in Zizzis but the food was not that great. Had spicy chicken pasta. Wasn't spicy and In a creamy sauce. Chicken was a little burnt. It was ok but nothing special. Used to have a lot more pasta dishes. Love ravioli and would have had that but was goats cheese. Melting chocolate dessert was lovely and just the right amount any more and would have been sickly. Would go again but will have pizza next time.  
Starters all a bit different from the norm. Great. Delivery poor. Rissoto balls with peas were a ball of stodge. Main pizza. Great should be easy. Do you want it rustic? Go then how can it be a problem? It was burnt yet still cold. Waiter was attentive, checked on needs and filled the very over priced soft drinks. Clearly a place for a first date, decor great, music conducive, shame the food was just a let down. 
As you would expect from a chain Italian everything was by the numbers, we ordered a bottle of house white from the seriously uninterested waiter, it was a Tuesday so maybe we can forgive him. We both dived straight into mains as we had a movie to watch and both had the carbanara now I'm a bit of a traditionalist and don't expect mushrooms in a carbanara but my date like that so I guess that is ok. It all tasted nice in a well cooked pasta with a jar of sauce on sort of way. But my dates was a tad oily. All in all very meh! 
A recommend by Timeout as top place for Thanksgiving dinner. Good set menu but quality of food just average. More like a pub lunch on Park Lane. Very loud music playing too. Service was excellent however.  
An American in London, thanksgiving in an American chain, right? Wrong. We had reservations, the room was half empty as it was late. The receptionist wanted us to wait,at the bar « to have our table ready », we refused. After 15 minutes she took us to a table in front of the double door to the outside terrasse, draft. We asked for another of the empty tables and got it. We will never know why we had to wait while she was doing some accounting and tables were empty. The food was ok not worth noting and the server very nice. We will not be back. Marriott usually does the mid-range fine, this is grovesnor house! Top of the line, get properly trained staff. 
Visiting Zizzi's on a Saturday evening in Romford as all the other restaurants were so busy. The menu looked good and we got a table pretty quick. The wine was nice and our starters were yummy but nothing special. My partner had the cheese fondue and I had the mixed fish starter. Our mains were very over priced for what we got. We both had a light pizza and we was told we would get a huge salad with this. The pizza was tiny and the salad was even smaller! Overall it was alright over £50 for two glasses of wine, starter and a small main.  
Went to the restaurant for Husbands Birthday. We have been before when we had the most fantastic tasty meal. This time however was extremely disappointing, which was a shame. My starter of aubergine and tomato was seriously tasteless apart from the cheese. My Husband had the parma ham and melon. This time drizzled with olive oil, which he didn't quite like. My pasta dish for main again was extremely bland. It needed seasoning. Husband had fillet steak. He had this last time and it came with potatoes and vegetables on a plate. This time no potatoes and served on a wooden board. Asked for potatoes, which we were charged for, on top of the £23.95 for the steak and handful of vegetables. It makes me wonder if the chef has changed. All in all a disappointing experience and an expensive one. We would go back to try again but not for a while. Shame as it's on our doorstep. 
We came on a tuesday night and when we walked in a bit after 7.30 it was empty. By 08.30 it was more than half full with the buzz of a busy reasturant. 
i was expecting a much better quality of food, we had the big ribeye steak and the new york strip steak and they were just ok. the ribeye as chewy and unpleasant and had to struggle with it. the mas was just ok . not going again 
The food was nice and for the price it did the job, nothing extraordinary but the service was good and it was good value considering the area. The place was nice and well located near the tube station and museums etc, ideal if you're looking for a nice meal with a familiar looking Italian menu without spending a fortune. 
Went for the first time for a birthday meal before going to the Royal Albert Hall. 
This was a Harvester, owned by the same company, and I suppose they wanted to go a bit up market. It is newly refurbished, having that decorators smell about it. The ambience is nice and the decoration clean and light. The seating is comfortable and the menu ok. We went at lunch time so the menu is limited. I had the fish and chips, where the batter was crispy but the fish was quite greasy, the fries were ok but were few as were the pot of peas that came with it. My aunt had the chicken escalope, which she said was ok but a bit dry, this was not helped by the tiny portion of accompanying salad which was limp and tired. My mother had half a rack of ribs which she thought was fine, though not as good as the ones she used to get at the Harvester. My aunt had the Calamari which she enjoyed a lot. I had the apple crumble for dessert which was pleasant, with plenty of apple in it but the crumble wad not crumbly and rather soggy. 
Visited here on a Friday night, ordered 12 oz Rib Eye, slightly disappointed in the quality of the meat. For £22 I expect it to be the very best -it wasn’t. After ordering the starter it was delivered to and for some reason accepted by the next table. The waiter was apologetic and honest that this had happened and I appreciate that. When the fresh starter arrived it was really good. I will try this restaurant again and maybe try a different steak. The half lobster was fresh and tasty. All in all not a bad experience just not a good one.  
Went here for my sons 19th birthday, our waitress was very nice and pleasant but the food was ok , I asked another waiter for a cloth to put around the wine bottle that was in the ice bucket and he looked at me like I’d asked him when the next spaceship to Mars was leaving, then replied we don’t have any so gave me a napkin, do they really think that it not something they should do? Not the best or worst M&C we’ve been to but we won’t return 
Hi, 
Food is ok-ish, much the same as it was as Harvister but without the best thing about the Harvister. "The Salad Cart" 
My partner and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night. We were served quickly. Our server was polite but didnt seem happy to be working there. We ordered frito misto. It was a new item on the menu. It was very greasy. We have had this dish before elsewhere and were disappointed with the Zizi version. My partners seabass fillet was delicious. My seafood main course was small pieces of bream, salmon ,prawn, courgette and pepper on a dangling skewer. It came with roast potatoes which were very greasy. There was also a depressing looking cheesy creamy sauce which did not compliment the dish. Epic fail Zizi. We will not be in a hurry to visit again. 
Service was very disappointing. We waited ages for drinks and restaurant was not busy at the time. Some side dishes were forgotten or wrong items ordered and sweet potatoe fries were very bland and not crispy and cold and mushrooms were over cooked and dry. Steaks were nice and tender but if a steak restaurant cannot cook a decent steak who can. 
Second visit to the restaurant after interval of a couple of months. Chose Sunday Roast including Venison Carpaccio and USDA New York Strip and both were average. I spent 10 minutes for bill. 
Good food but the wait in between courses is a little excessive, around 20 minutes.  
Almost empty on arrival. Waited 15 minutes for our drinks order to be taken 40 minutes for our food order to be taken. After another long wait the food arrived only to find the lasagne cold. Staff not that bothered. Finally got the bill only to find items on there that we had not ordered or received. 
So although I only have a 3 it is probably a 5! 
Had a very bland seafood risotto, could do better myself, not in a hurry to go back. Shame as it's so close to work. 
I was impressed with the amount of options given on the menu so there is something for everyone. I ended up with the Calzone which was great and super filling. The gluten free menu was also larger than most restaurants... Seems I had the same problem as others with the service. It wasn't awful just slow at each stage. 
I visited for a dinner in the private room, which can seat around 12 people. We had their sharing ‘Taste and Flavour’ menu, which is priced at £60 per head. This allowed us to sample a wide array of dishes (6 starters, 5 mains, 3 desserts). The food was reasonable on the whole. I did enjoy the spinach dip and chopped salad starters, and the desserts were a highlight (both the cheesecake and the mud pie). The highlight should have been the steak – we tried the Tomahawk rib-eye – which was ok, but not particularly memorable. I also thought they could have allocated a bit more weighting towards steak in the sharing menu, this being a steakhouse and all! 
I had long awaited to dine here and to be honest, I felt disappointed. The two people who greeted me at the door, a tall gentleman and an oriental lady were lovely. However, our waitress who was named Brianda was fairly disappointing. She did not have a warm persona, it did not feel like she gave us due attention and it left us feeling like we wouldn't want to dine here again. The food itself was quite nice but I have had better steaks and the apple pie on the menu should specify that it has raisins in it. 
The place was really quiet when visited, it was my first time so played it safe with a pizza, when presented it looked like it had been squashed and over cooked, not really worth the money and I guess it's just not what I expected, everyone's opinion is different but to me, as a meat and food lover, quantity and taste matter alot 
My chosen life partner and i have probably visited every Zizzi in and around London,so when we tried the Romo branch we thought we knew exactly what we would be getting...I have to say the standards at least at this branch have dropped. I ordered a Bruschetta to start which consisted of the tiniest piece of bread buried under some tomatoes. My friends ordered Pizzas which were very thin on toppings.We never order desserts at Zizzis because they are so poor... It looks like we might have to find a better Italian chain. 
Meatrestaurant with classic menu. Fillet, ribeye and so on. Classic starters with some range between calamares and carpaccio. But. The restaurant was to much a Mariotte hotel diner and not as an independed top restaurant on the street. Little bit to slow, little bit to less attention, little bit to much routine. When the bill came there was a pen on top, as i stayed at the hotel. You get the picture. Food was a 4 star and nothing to complain about.  
Food is no good, staff was very nice and baby friendly... I'm sure you can find a better option near by 
Never been before so on Sunday thought we would try it out. Children's menu very simple and lacking in choice. Ice cream is the only desert on offer for them, ok so they have a few flavours to choose from but none the less still boring. Adults menu not bad, the garlic bread was yummy and mains not bad but not the best. My mother in law had a pizza and to be fair it did look really nice and she did enjoy it. Service wasn't great, had to go and find a waitress and ask for spoons to go with our meals that were spaghetti based and ask for parmesan cheese. In every other Italian the waitresses have always given the right cutlery for the dish and offered parmesan and pepper upon delivery of food. Throughout our time there no one asked if we would like another drink, again had to seek out a waitress for myself. I much prefer Prezzo, bigger selection all round for everyone and better service. 
There is nothing special about this place except the good location near South Kensington. The food is rather disappointing but the staff are friendly. Overall not recommended 
We went here a few months ago between June/ July I think, as we had been to kidspace with our daughter & were hungry. They were busy & there was a wait but as Zizzi's used to be one of my favourite restaurants I thought it would be worth the wait. Boy was I wrong! 
We sat down at 6pm as it was fully booked at lunch time, which is great for them. 
The decor and service was great but the steaks did not hit the mark. We both ordered local grown meats (lamb and beef), both missed the mark in terms of taste. The side dish of asparagus was perfect. 
This tiny restaurant was welcoming. But once we were seated and menus given to us it was a very very long time before anyone took our order, despite there being 5 wait persons around. Once order was taken food did not take long to arrive and was very tasty. But we were not offered more drinks or dessert. And asking for the bill was difficult as we could not get anyone's attention. Would probably not visit again as there are many choices in the area. 
Good food, reasonably priced (for the area), and a stone's throw from the museums, so great location.  
No complaints about this place. Ideally situated by the cinema so easy for an orange Wednesdays film. Managed to have drinks, Mains and desserts for about £30 for two people which we though was not bad. Food was ok. Service was ok. Would use again but probably solely for the purpose of eating before a film. 
I always imagine the food at places like Zizzi is pre packed and then defrosted and cooked to order. Nothing special but always a good standard where ever you visit  
We visited zizzi's on a Monday evening but even then the 3 other tables occupied but people seemed low in this huge restaurant. 
I went to zizzi's last week with my 5 friends before going to the cinema, when we arrived the service was appalling even though we understood because it was crowded. we were left waiting at the door for 10 mins before a waitress came over and told us that there was no space and had to wait. guess how long we waited for? another 45 mins before a 6 table was finally free. the couple behind us arrived and were escorted to their table straight away. when we eventually sat down at the table we ordered our food and drinks straight away! after 25 mins of waiting the food arrived u had salad and the classical pizza which was delicious but the pizza was cold and not heated up! apparently they had forgotten about us and given me someone else cold pizza. Apart from the waiting i had a great time the food when corrected mistakes was great! 
Loved this place when 1st went especially for the cicchetti & lamb. 
The portions sizes are great and the food is good but it reminds me of your everyday italian restaurant. Nothing extremely special or that stands out to me. I would go back but only after I had couldn't find anything better. There were no tables when I went to eat in the restaraunt and the wait was upwards of 45 minutes. The take-away was fairly quick and was hot when I got home. I'd recommend for sure but once is probably enough.  
We chose the restaurant for a family thanksgiving dinner 
The restaurant has been done up well. Food very good. Staff good, friendly. But the service was a shocker. 30min wait to order. Starter came quickly. Then we had to remind the staff we had not got our mains after 30mins of finishing starter. Deserts yum. But again very slow. Surprisingly when we asked for the bill it arrived with in seconds. hope it improves. also it's prices are high. But the food is good. 
We didn't have reservations but were in the mood for steak. The service was immediately scattered and bad. I ordered a glass of neat whiskey, and it took 20+ minutes to arrive in a less than half full restaurant. Easily the best aspect of this restaurant is the whiskey list. Much better than the food...we ordered the spinach dip and it was terrible. Chips clearly out of a bag. Dip lacking any flavor whatsoever. I had a wedge salad that was very solid. My wife enjoyed her burger. I had the Aberdeen Ribeye. It was cooked well and presented nicely, but nothing special. Overall a very underwhelming £150 meal 
We used an offer for 25% of all food, just access the Zizzi website 'offers' to get to the vouchers; you do not need to print it off, you just give the server the voucher code which you can write down if you don't have an i-phone. We had the new duck dish which was tasty if not very plentiful, I would have liked and larger portion. You can get a 125ml of wine for £1 less than the 175ml price. Nice atmosphere and pleasant staff. 
We went for lunch . The restaurant was not that busy.After 15 mins of waiting the waiter came to take our order for drinks . We had to wait a long time to order the food as well 
Overall the atmosphere was good.the service was okay we didn't have to wait to long for our food.the venue it self was very spacious it had a family feel about it. The king prawn linguine portions were a bit small for me 
We arrived at the restaurant with a reservation. The waiter looked around the busy restaurant and just waved us at a table next to the door. We weren't served for a long time. We asked for some tap waters whilst we decided on the food and other drinks. Nothing was brought. We order our drinks and food and again asked for tap water. None was given to us. We received our drinks from a waitress and asked her for water which she brought to us quickly. The table by the door gets cold from each time the waiter or customer goes in or out (which is a lot).  
Firstly, I love visiting this restaurant and have previously given it a 5 star review, however, my last visit was slightly disappointing. I have dined here in the past and had a really enjoyable experience each time and so I decided to celebrate my 20th birthday here this year. All started well however our table was situated next to a group of 4 business men who were very loud, very crude and very selfish. The language they were using was so unacceptable and I felt a member of staff should really have confronted them on this as it was interrupting a number of diners experience and some even had children. Our waiter was obviously embarrassed every time she came over however as she was a young woman like myself, I did not blame her for not saying anything to them as I think she may have got a nasty response. It really ruined what should have been a lovely meal for us and I have not been back since. For an establishment like this, the behaviour was unacceptable and very openly seen by multiple members of staff and ignored. Service was slower than usual that evening but perhaps because it was a Saturday. Food was great as ever but sadly the birthday experience was tarnished overall. 
From the hostess to the bartenders, to the waitress, everyone was very polite and welcoming. The menu is pretty standard steak house fare - good, but not exceptional. One thing to avoid is the "spinach artichoke dip." First thing is that it is not what it purports to be. Typically, spinach artichoke dip is made with blended fresh spinach, artichoke hearts, cheese, cream, etc. We received what seemed like pre-made (from a jar?) spinach dip. Weirder, it was served with nacho chips, not toast points, and they were not restaurant-made, but what came from a prepackaged bag. The dish also had sour cream and salsa on the side. It was all quite strange, like like a weird mix of chips and salsa and spinach dip - like some sort "lost-in-translation" football (American) snack. Perhaps with guacamole, this would have made sense. Either way, avoid it. 
I had a desire for an American style steakhouse experience while visiting London. Having lived there for several years, I knew that this was not a desire that would be easy to satisfy. The restaurant at the Grosvenor House, where I was staying, promised the full American steakhouse experience, complete with the specialty bourbons. The service was outstanding. The drinks were, well, what one expects in the land of the measured (miniscule) pour. Unfortunately, the steak was really only average. Overcooked and not as tender as one would expect from the price charged.  
The food and service were ok. The tables are really cramped with no room for coats or a handbag. Had to keep ma coat and handbag on my lap! Obviously, all they are interested in is fitting as many customers as possible without any consideration for their comfort. 
We went to celebrate my birthday dinner with friends, from the moment we got into the restaurant we were rushed each course was rushed the bill arrived quickly and they wanted you to leave 
JW steakhouse has a lovely vibe to it , dark and can be quite romantic. 
Pretty overpriced. I had the Aberdeen ribeye. Steak was cooked as ordered, but for £35 steak I would expect ALOT more. Had the Mac and cheese sides. The bechemel was pure nutmeg. To call it cheddar Mac and cheese it misleading as the only cheddar on it was melted in the top. Had asparagus as well, which was over cooked and bland. 
A bit overpriced for cold food service. Food was not prepared as specified when ordered, the bread however is good . 
I’ve stayed at the hotel a few times and I’ve had breakfast, drinks and dessert here. The bartenders are wonderful and the wines by the glass are quite good. I would skip the food though. My breakfast was incredibly mediocre and the dessert was very dissapointing. Drinks are fun here though. Love the Hungarian bartenders. They are a lot of fun. 
Stopped for a quick bite. I had the king prawn and salmon skewer. Was a bit dry and tiny portion with 4 small prawns and hardly any salmon for the price paid. Very disappointed  
I visited Shish & Mangal as a last minute thing mid week with my brother in early May. There were only a couple of tables occupied as before 7pm, atmosphere and service great. We ordered, received our drinks and immediately also received olives, a large salad plate and basket of hot crispy garlicky flat bread. I actually thought we had been served someone else's starters it was so generous. It turned out to be complimentary a very nice touch & surprise, however had I known you received this I wouldn't have ordered starters as it was so filling and tasty. We ordered grilled halloumi and stuffed vine leaves to share, both yummy. The restaurant started to get very busy quickly and larger groups were being turned away come 8pm 
Spur of the moment first time visit to this restaurant. From the outside it looks ok, once inside its basic, clean and plenty of room. As is the norm some form of meze is put out this was olives, some hot sauce and yoghurt with mint. The bread they gave you was warm, slightly spiced but delicious. I ordered lambs liver to start which I found the "chunks" we're to big and lacked much flavour/marinade. My main was a mixed kebab which consisted of lamb shish, chicken shish and Adana. You choose whether you want rice or chips. I opted for chips but disappointed they were frozen McD type of chip.  
The restaurant has a good location but is very crowded, very small and very noisy. A good tip. Don't sit to close to the door. It is extremely cold. 
We were still finishing our starters when the waiter came over and started removing our plates. I said that we hadn't finished yet, and he replied that our mains were waiting. He then went away and came back with the mains. Some of our starters were still on the table!  
Went here on an impromptu Thursday night. Had a few starters to share instead of a big kebab dish. Think we chose badly, as the starters did not seem to be cooked from scratch, but the kebab dishes looked unreal although we didn't try them. Service was ok, not overly attentive, waiter was a little sullen. 
Situated within the Grosvenor Hotel on Park Lane this rather special Steak house is an opportunity to impress but at a price!! 
Dropped in early on a Friday evening, quickly seated, and promptly served. Decor is a great improvement after its refurb. Ordered the scallops to start, certainly not the cheapest starter on the menu, but wholly disappointed with them, all 3 of them. If you describe the dish on the menu, then at least serve as described, tempura samphire? Didn't see any of that on the plate, and there was more than enough room. 
Food was really good, along with good service. We both had pizzas, both so big the waiters struggled to fit them both on the table. The only grumble was the amount of tables and people crammed into such a small area space. Tables were so close together that it was difficult to have a conversation from time to time.  
Looks like nice and they have spent a fair amount of money doing it up. Seated quickly and was able to choose the table. Lucky we were had plenty of time time because we were left waiting for a long time, not even given the opportunity to order drinks. We were there over 2 hours, only having a starter and main course. On the plus side the food was of a very good standard. Scallops were fantastic, will be having them again. We had the sharing board of 3 steaks, all very good, nice trying them together and tasting the difference. Over all great food but slow service.  
Popped in for lunch today, it was busy so we waited for a few minutes for a table. The restaurant is pretty small and there's not much space between tables, but the decor is nice. The seafood tagliatelle was good, the lasagne was a bit disappointing but edible (too much cheese, and the pasta a bit mushy). Lemon meringue pie was alright, but could have used more lemon and less meringue. Coffees were fine, pinot grigio and rose average. Service was a little slow at times but friendly and attentive. Location is handy for the museums and tube.  
Had a fantastic, great value meal with 3 work friends last Friday evening, food,was faultless,tasty and generous portions, complementary salad and bread very welcome. Will come again!  
my parents took some clients for a large lunch event at the savoy and as i live in london, i met with them afterwards at the audley. they had made no reservations for dinner and so the question arose where we could go, on a thursday night, bearing in mind we were a group of 8 people. i found this place on trip advisor and thought it would be worth a shot. we managed to bag a table a little later in the evening, and were sat down at a large table in the middle of the restaurant. we started with around 12 rock oysters and jumbo prawns, which were lovely, and we then ordered 5 large steaks (filet, new york strip, bone in strip, tomahawk and the rib eye) with around 10 sides to share (there was alot leftover). whilst the service was spot on, the steaks weren't up to the standard that I have experienced at goodmans, or gaucho (even hawksmoor), which was a bit of a shame, as the meal was obviously extremely costly. 
Today 44 of us went to this restaurant.for our Christmas lunch ..service was very slow ..I had roast Turkey dinner. slices of turkey were hard to cut through.so tough..and vegetables needed a bit more cooking they were hard also  
Oh dear, met an old friend for a drink and a bite to eat. I am always looking for somewhere new to eat, so thought I would give this restaurant a visit. The service was lack lustre,and the food was just about average. I have eaten many a meze in my time but my friends was awful, the whole dish looked very tiered. My so called King Prawns must have been on a diet, as they were just bigger than shrimps. So I do not know if I went on a bad night, but I will not be going again. Not a place I can recommend. 
The restaurant is situated inside the beautiful JW hotel in Myfair. Despite the fact that it is inside a 5 star hotel the atmosphere is relaxed but elegant. 
But hard to find compelling reasons to want to return: Pierino breaks the immemorial tradition of Italian eateries providing good quality ingredients, simply prepared. The saffron risotto looks too yellow and tastes little of of saffron, insalata tricolore consists of sad mozzarella, flavourless tomatoes and insignificant avocados. Competent service, perfect location and reasonable prices somewhat correct the so-so impression left by the disappointing cuisine. 
Visited this restaurant at 8.30pm on bank holiday weekend, the place was empty except for two other tables. The starters were ok, but a little expensive for what they were, £4.95 for 4 breaded mushrooms! The main courses arrived whilst we were still eating out starters. We had the lamb Shish, and the Adana Kebeb. The lamb on the Shish was so chewy my wife couldn't eat it! So all in all, we had one of the fastest meals we'd had in ages. Won't be returning I'm afraid. 
I booked a table on line but when I got to the restaurant they said they had not taken the on line bookies off til late so there was no table ready for us. I had a moan and we did not have to wait too long. They were very busy, but we got served quickly. The starter was ok, I ordered the lamb which was very nice, my husband had the prawns but when it turned up the prawns were so over cooked that they were like bullets. We called them staff over and asked for a fresh meal. They took the prawns away and agreed that it was overlooked. My husband did not want the prawns again so he ordered the lamb as well. We did not have a dessert. Thus is just another chain restaurant where you just expect average food for the price.  
I've been here twice, and both times have been acceptable with good food and average service. 
Zizzis is a favourite of ours and we always tend to enjoy our meals but the service can be poor at times. Our last visit was for dinner before a movie, leaving two hours to eat. Night started well enough and we ordered our food, mine being the pollo prosciutto with green beans and herby potatoes. No issue there until my food arrived with no green beans or herby potatoes but a salad instead. I informed the lady who served that this was incorrect and she explained that they had run out of these items and that our server should have informed us which he hadn't. She had a quick word with the server who came over and apologised saying he had been told but no explanation as to why he hadn't told us. He asked if I was happy to eat this meal which I wasn't. He then said he would get the manager over to us (we did not ask for the manager). We saw him talking to the manager who actually refused to come over and so the server came back and asked if I wanted to order something else. I explained that we now had less than an hour to eat and he promised that they would be quick. New pasta dish was provided which was lovely although could have been baked a little bit more. Generally the visit was good but service wise it was just very disappointing and really surprised to see the manager on shift refuse to come over when asked by his staff which actually put us off more. Must admit we haven't been back since which is unusual for us as we tend to visit this restaurant at least once a month. 
Went here off the cuff for lunch. Was completely empty (bad/good sign)? Service was excellent, well there was only two of us! Lamb shish was excellent and at two courses for £8.95 was reasonably good value. Did learn one thing, mint in salad is really nice and I will try it at home! 
Nice restaurant with very nice service. The wine I wanted was sold out, and sadly they couldn't offer a similar by the glass. After insisting they came up with the perfect wine for the steak. The steak was fine, but I would prefer the crust a bit more crisp. Fries ok. My partner got a salad, which left room for improvement.  
Service excellent, food good, 
We met with friends for lunch in Romford, and as Zizzi have a vegan menu we decided to eat there. 
We visited Zizzi's for my daughter's 16th Birthday. Five of us including a child. Service was friendly but they are all rushed off their feet. Starters, just Calamari and Garlic bread and sticks for the child took a long time to come out. Mains followed quickly except my Spiendini Pescatore. Waiting staff kept asking if I had had it and apologizing. When it finally arrived it was cremated to the point it was inedible. Took five minutes just to get to off the skewer and the prawns were so overcooked they could not even be peeled. How someone who calls himself a chef could let that leave the kitchen I really don't know. For the first time in many years I sent something back and the waiting staff agreed that it was burnt to a cinder. They suggested changing for a King Prawn Linguini. It finally arrived once everyone else had finished their main but in fairness was pretty tasty. Not earth shattering by any means but a massive improvement. It would have been nice to have seen some token gesture on the bill but they just changed the item, fair enough. Everyone else food, mainly Pizzas were OK but again nothing special. For the five of us, a shared starter, three pizzas, linguini, a kids meal, ice cream Sundae ,a liqueur coffee and drinks was just shy of £100. Drinks are as usual a rip off, over £3 for a small bottle of coke, you're having a laugh. In retrospect I should have looked to see if there were any online offers which may have softened the blow. 
I have been curious about JW Steakhouse for a while. Sadly, our lunch was blighted by very poor service and sub-standard fare. On the plus side, they do have an impressive list of US wines and an outstanding cheesecake! My advice - drop by to pick up a boxed cheesecake to take away, and forget the rest! 
That says it all really. Called in with friends after meeting at the NHM for a quick lunch. 
According to the menu the rigatoni has crispy bacon bits but in the two times I’ve ordered it it never was crispy. Was a lot of pasta and not much sauce.  
I wouldn't come here just for the pizza. All the other dishes we had were quite good. 
Decent Steakhouse that cooks a good steak but nothing spectacular, especially for the price you pay. For the same price you may be better off going to Goodman or Hawksmoor (or even Gaucho for that matter). That said staff were really attentive and friendly and given the size of the place there is lots of availability probably even on busy nights.  
I had lunch here with my friends. Service was good even though I felt a bit discriminated due to some gestures made by the waitress towards me probably because of my race. Well, I enjoyed the cheese cake more than anything else there. Love the ambiance and theme of the restaurant. 
We are here last week as if read wonderful reviews. 
Went with my 9 year old son after visiting natural history museum. TripAdvisor rating was very good so thought we'd give it a try. 
This is not for you if you are vegetarian vegan or halal diet.There is alot of meat. 
The service was good but the food was average. I tried the risotto and i can do better at home... the choice of wine was good. I didnt try the desserts 
We came as a group for a birthday meal. The staff were great, friendly and chatty but the food let the restaurant down with one of our party's being overcooked and lacking much flavour. We were saved by the fact one meal was free and we got a free bottle of prosecco with it being a birthday. Overall it was OK, and probay wouldn't put us off returning at some point, it was just a bit disappointing.  
Visited this restaurant early Friday evening. Waiter very polite. We ordered and food didn’t come up to expectations. One of us ordered extra chillies for a pizza but they didn’t arrive. We suspected they were on another persons pasta meal! Thank goodness they didn’t mind chillies. One child ordered an adult pizza but the size was served between a child’s and an adults portion. Having had a few criticisms would return but this time complain direct to waiter. 
Lovely food. Goo and fast service. We sat outside and the road was very busy so noise was a problem. 
Good location as close to south Kensington tube station. Outdoor seating nice on a sunny day.  
We went for Sunday lunch, which has a decent set menu- 3 courses for £24 and 3 for £28. I've been before, a few years ago- still a cavernous dining room, friendly service that was reasonably attentive, and still only really suitable for carnivores. The vegetarian member of the party had a bowl of fries washed down with a root-beer float and then pudding. I stayed on the set menu. I was disappointed there were no sherries available as aperitifs, so had a Bloody Mary which was decent enough but not worth £13.50. No faults with the starter- a decent winter soup, and the main course was beef. Seeing as they major in dead cow and have promotional material all around the back as to how good their dead cow is, I had to choose that. My other companions had in one case the same as me and the other went off-piste with a goat's cheese salad and then a steak. The main course was good- decent slice of meat if rather fatty, and plenty of sides- kale, roast potatoes, large Yorkshire pud and an excellent cauliflower gratin. At least I thought it was excellent, one of my dining companions said it was a bit over-done, but it's often about preferences when judging food. I skipped pudding and instead chose from the large bourbon and American whiskey menu. Many were eye-poppingly expensive and I chose one for £8. Which was pretty harsh. My companions had, respectively, a nice bread and butter pudding and a mango Pavlova. With the meal I had a very small amount of red wine in a very large glass for which they charged £15. As the newspapers available for guests to read were mostly Arab language, I suspect the client bank are indifferent to coughing up over £70 per head for Sunday lunch. Personally, I'd like slicker service and a glass of wine that deserved £15 before judging this any more than an average experience. And why the gents is up two flights of stairs once you've gone two hundred yards down a corridor I have no idea. I assume most guests have extremely strong bladders and an even stronger sense of direction. I didn't have a lousy time but felt this place is designed for people who have money to burn. Which I mused over whilst I walked past the street beggars on the way to Marble Arch tube station. 
This was the third time I have visited Miller & Carter but first time in the evening. Firstly I will say their social distancing and procedures in place are good, but I won’t be rushing back to eat there!  
We arrived and was seated very quickly, but it ages for order to be taken. I had the seabass with seafood risotto and my husband had a Quattro pizza. My seabass was overcooked but was delicious, the risotto was well flavoured, however the squid was overcooked. The mussels and prawns in the risotto were perfect. The pizza was excellent. This was the first restaurant we have been to in ages where the staff did not check if the food was satisfactory during our meal. At £17.90 for a main course, some should ask! Oh and the seabass skin had not been scaled.... 
Busy restaurant that looks very inviting. It was very full but prompt and efficient service. However, food lacked taste. I had the calzone folded pizza with ham and mushrooms which is an enormous size. However, it was very sparsely filled with tasteless ham and a few mushrooms. Would be better to make it smaller and fill it with taster ingredients and seasoning. 
Location is fine elegant restaurant. Not elegant at all is the entrance from hotel side and the restaurant check-in desk seems to stay at breakfast. About food we had fried calamari, half chicken for my boyfriend and new strip for me. Plus wild mushroom and onions rings.  
Good venue for drinking and jovial antics but not for food. 
Buzzy little restaurant located in South Kensington. Very busy when we visited last Saturday at 6pm prior to visiting the Royal Albert Hall for Cirque de Soleil. 
Went on a very busy Mother's Day. Hostess/manager was very efficient and kind. But the rest of the wait staff was not quite to the same level. Nice vibe and the pizza and pasta looks terrific, but a good portion of my fish unfortunately was just not good. Too bad. Would have scored higher had the fish been up to snuff.  
I had the lasagna which was excellent! My husband and daughter got pizza which they said was good but nothing extraordinary. We arrived at noon when they opened because we harmony sites to see after lunch. They had the close sign up while they were still setting up. The staff stared at us but said nothing. My husband had to knock on the door to get them to acknowledge us. At which time we were told 5 more minutes. We waited as the staff just socialized for 5 more minutes. When we finally got in, the staff was much more interested in conversations with one another than making us feel welcome. I wouldn't say they were rude just neglectful! Great location and good food, just lower your expectations of service and you'll enjoy this place! 
We loved cheese fondue so booked at the venerable Tiroler Hut in Westbourne Grove. It's _very_Austrian, complete with lederhosen and yodeling. Lots of German songs being sung and busty waitresses. It may appeal to some, but really not my thing at all. 
Son had Choc cake which was lovely. Daughter had choc crossiant lovely. I had the 2 scones with tea for £5. The jam and cream was lovely and the raisin scone but the choc scone wasn’t very nice. Son had the tomato cream cheese and pesto sandwich which he said was ok but couldn’t see any pesto in it and was mainly just hugh chunks of tomAto in it. Not great or worth the £3.50.  
Went for a leaving party, we all managed to have fun, this might be due to the size of the beers they serve, the food on the other hand was not fantastic at all and quite overpriced, I am sure it was once a fantastic place however you will not see me there again, The owner was however very accommodating and the waiter at your service, however this is kinda like a hot air balloon once the food was received. Not enough effort I am afraid. The cow bell show was fun the first time, the second time ok, it could do with a revamp or maybe it is just being frozen by high London prices. Good luck and Enjoy. 
Nice food, nothing special. There was live music but the promised cow bell concert didn't happen. Very very good service. We passed by a week later and did get to hear the cow bells. Worth a giggle anyway. 
The combination of live music, typical Austrian décor and traditional menu should guarantee a smooth and satisfactory evening.  
Have visited many times, but last night was shameful. 
Lots of fun if you go with a group of friends. 
Have been here a few times before, was in a group of 9 tonight just speaking for myself, the chicken chat starter was really nice, next was the keema rice which had a strange taste, the lamb korai was gorgeous, the sag aloo i did not like and the keema naan was ok. Service was very good and the price was reasonable, not sure if i would go back, as i said it has been better. 
I stumble upon the restaurant a few times, finally last week I decided to stop for dinner with a friend. I have to say I lived in germany for 2 years, quality of the food is very poor and does not give credit to the typical german dishes. Atmosphere is great. If you are looking for a group dinner out the place is perfect. 
I note that another reviewer (maverikjesus) had exactly the same experience as I did. The food was lovely - absolutely delicious on every level, and this is to be commended. The specials are particularly good. However, I found the service slow and, often, rude. We were with two young children - one seven and one 8 months. More than one other diner commented on how good they were (and they were!) - but the staff were obviously disgruntled to have two customers there not paying for drinks. 
Quite nice , the usual English pub grub, comfortable chairs, lots of space to sit, or go in the beer garden and see if any bats fly around. 
To keep it short: 
Probably wrong to go on a Friday night, it was rammed hot and noisy  
I have eaten in this restaurant in the past and always really enjoyed it. This time was no different, food was excellent. However, I take issue with the fact that they no longer serve alcoholic beverages and are suggesting they are doing so for the health of their customers. I can make my own mind up about what is good for me or not.....Indian probably not the best choice food wise anyway!!!!  
Could do with having more staff so you can get a drink, busy Saturday afternoon and only one serving behind bar. Food lovely, prices gone up a but since refurb 
It was a very odd experience. 
Been here a few times and it has never been as busy as this time. This meant the service was poor, not enough staff. No cutlery given until all dinners were on the table so with only one waitress this took time. They ran out of roast chicken and the beef was very tough, potatoes burnt and soft as though they had been around a while. 
Visited on a Saturday evening and were lucky to get the last available table. As we were seated upstairs it seemed we, and the others up there, were largely forgotten! We requested poppadums 3 times but they never arrived, and everything was painfully slow. That said the food, when it eventually arrived, was delicious and so strikes me that they just need more staff or to just not accept more bookings than they can handle. 
first time visit and the staff vary attentive and polite perhaps a little bit over the top was given a drink when we sat down a shot of something? found that a bit weird and didn't drink it as driving. Food was okay nothing special no better or worse than I've had before a thousand times. it's a nice restaurant in a good location. I would go there again but only for convenience not necessarily the food. average at best.  
I have visited this restaurant on several occasions, and always enjoyed the food.  
We have been regular visitors until standards dropped a year or so back. We heard that the pub had been refurbished (it has, very nice) and that the food/drink and service had improved. 
stopped going to this pub a couple of years ago because it just seemed so unloved and went there for a mothers day meal and the food looked like someone had already had a go at it .Now its one of tha blackrose chains pub looks great garden pretty but food still a bit of microwavy texture ordered the beef bourginon meat was tender but the mash like old school dinners  
The food is really mediocre, a true disappointment. I went there relying mainly on the food, so that I could somehow stand a kitch ambient and Schlager music made of Toto Cutugno and so on...but I had a mix of sausages, not so good, and they made us pay for some olives (very bad) and we ended up spending 26 pound with a single beer. Disappointing 
When the 3 of us first walked in I thought it was a strip joint - just a doorway and then down some dimly lit stairs :-) Once downstairs it opened up into a low-ceilinged, atmospheric room with a 1970s fondu and schnapps feel to it. Add to this the waiting staff (a very camp waiter dressed in Lederhosen and a shy waitress in national Austrian garb) and the scene was set ... lots of glances at each other and giggles ... this was going to be an interesting night!  
Visited last Sunday, booked as it was my daughters choice to go here as shes enjoyed meals here in the past well in advance over a week before! The table was for 4 people at 6pm and when we arrived the place was pratically empty apart from a table finishing off their meal. No tables were laid or ready so we had to wait for the shy and nervous young waiter to get ours sorted! I did point out we had booked and when the diary was checked the waiter seemed surprised. No offer to take our coats or would we like a drink whilst waiting which I feel is very unprofessional.  
been back a couple of times not sure if they have changed cooks ,but the quality has gone down hill . 
Good food quality and service, but not a spacious restaurant 
We pre-booked a Christmas Eve dinner on the pub's website in October. We were coming from Australia as a family and really looking forward to a lovely traditional English dinner. We had a confirmation email after booking and assumed that was it. Arrived at pub at chosen time only to be told that we had only booked a table not a dinner. If we had of booked a dinner there would have been several emails asking us to make food choices. Were told that another group of people who had arrived before us also thought they had booked a Christmas Eve dinner. After looking at pubs website again we still could not see any other way of booking than the way we did. Needless to say the whole family were extremely disappointed. We were just too tired to find another pub so ended up eating from the non-Christmas menu which didn't make much of an impact. Requested a cocktail which was listed on the chalkboard only to be told they didn't have all the ingredients to make it, guess taking it off the chalkboard then would have been a good idea. 
So this is a lovely looking busy place with a buzzing atmosphere and a great location.  
Staff were welcoming and friendly...its a shame that the area it is in is known to be rough at night. You can park in the town center, free after 5 i think. Food was ok. can't say it was bad but they need to calm down with the oil and salt. Overall it is an average restaurant for the locals to dine in. Maybe I've been harsh with my review but I guess I am used to going to places that stays in the memory for a long time where I want to go back again. I won't say the atmosphere was poor, it was far from it, but it wasn't brilliant either. It was more boring. 
I Have visited this restaurant a few times now and I have to say the decor is a little dated and the food is average. The prices for the quality are quite high and as I said the food not the best I've had. Still staff are great and the restaurant is clean, the food is ok. 
very good value for the Sunday buffet. Nice choices of dishes, and the nan is included. Service is good, very polite and nice.  
I've been here a few times in a Sunday with family for Sunday buffet lunch. The food is nice but I do think there should be more of a choice as the restaurant is quite big as it has two floors. Just not a lot of choice in the foods on the buffet.  
We went therelast Thursday on a friends recommendation-being local.Quirky place with different atmosphere. 
Last night a group of friends finally were able to get a table at Tiroler Hut. We had to make reservations 2 months before due to our schedules and availability with the restaurant. It's a fixed price menu and they offer starters, entrees, & desserts. Beer and other drinks are extra.  
Good fondue but a bit overpriced. Atmosphere cosy but a bit claustrophobic being in a basement with low ceiling and no windows. Service a bit rude and a cover charge of £7.20 for a few slices of bread and some butter (which we did not ask for!) was very disappointing. For these reasons we would probably not be back. 
We read a review and made a long walk to get to this little tucked away spot that locals frequent only to find it incredibly crowded and almost impossible to get a table. In for a penny, in for a pound, we ate at the crowded bar counter.  
we were 8 of us. live entertainment was really fun. if you are meat lover you will probably like this place 
More an entertainment experience than a gastronomic destination! To paraphrase Faye Maschler, this place flies in the face of any restaurant conventions currently espoused - it is a 1970s time warp, verging on the surreal. Waiters clad in leiderhosen, cowbells, the Sound of Music... you name it, this has it. The food is rather expensive (£15-£18 for main courses, for some pretty basic fayre) but tasty nonetheless; though it is the cost of the wines (house and fairly mediocre at £19.50, £26.50 for a bottle of Gruner Veltliner) that makes the eyes water. However, get the right crowd in the right mood, and you'll have a riotous time! 
I went with friends for a Sunday buffet.The food was very good. I did like the 'Gurkha' beer as well. The staff was excellent. I would have given the restaurant 4 stars if they had child booster seats. they only have one child booster seat in the restaurant and I went with 2 kids. recommended restaurant if you go without children. 
I have been here twice now. Def not as good as the other Indians in the area. The food is not as nice and I didn't feel any sort of wow at any of our dishes. Even the pickles weren't good. A high service charge was added which is unusual for a ordinary restaurant and there were only four of us. I will def not returning as there are so many better Indians around.  
Welcome drink and complimetary drink at the end is a nice touch however starter had not much meat to it for the price and veryyyy long wait inbetween each course the meal took about 2 and a half hours in total and thats on a sunday. Friendly staff and nice tasting food but id rather just order in next time 
Visited on Bank holiday Monday, place was half full and only one waiter greeting, serving, answering phones and sorting out take away food. The food itself was really good but when you wait 10-15 minutes for drinks and the order to be taken your dinner experience is spoiled little bit. 
This place is v busy and so maybe  
Decent curry and a smaller restaurant than they had over the road so better atmosphere. Sunday buffet is good value and plentiful. Nice staff and owners. 
After a long discussion with the manager (I was 99% positive they made me violently ill on my last order) he assured me EVERYTHING is freshly made to order so I thought I'll give them one last chance. 
Had a nice Sunday roast and a pint before attending an afternoon concert at the Royal Albert Hall. I’m glad we made a reservation online at their website because it’s not a large place but it’s pretty popular and it fills up fast. Couples, families with small kids, single folk - a real mix of patrons. The food was satisfying and there’s a decent selection of beers and ales.  
Quaint little pub. We arrived about 5 and it was quite empty, stayed for a couple hours by this time it was packed. Service wasn't that friendly. Liked seeing wee dog bar staff had very cute  
Came to the Queens Arms to enjoy a lovely lunch and watch the first 6 Nations match.  
We booked a table for 16:15 before the England v Wales 6 nations rugby match. When booking online there was the option to add comments and I explained that we wanted the table for lunch and to watch the rugby match so asked if it could be near a tv.  
I have been at Asha Tandoori quite a few times. Food is okay, a bit expensive given the food taste. Somehow, the food tastes OK but I mostly fall I'll after having food here. Avoiding for the time being. 
I visited this restaurant with my wife this month, it was a week night and when we arrived we where the first there. So naturally the service was good. They gave is welcome drinks, cherry. Not my ideal choice but a nice gesture non the same. Another couple can in during our starter, and then the some more people. The staff at this point started getting busy and forgetting tables. Our mains came out and tasted good, however my wife's chicken was still red inside and was under cooked. But overall good food. When I asked for the bill it took 15 mins to receive, I paid cash and then waited another 10 mins for my Change. Was looking forward to leaving after that. Would I go there again, probably not.  
i liked the cumin prawn dish and the good menu choice with a lot of light options. i liked the family atmosphere and the attentive waiters.  
Possibly my favourite pub in London.  
A lovely Pre-Theatre meal for the Royal Albert hall.  
Saturday evening table booked in advance was better suited to two people rather than our party of 4, as it a bit small.  
We visited The Anchor on Tuesday 23rd July for drinks and food. We ordered at 7.20 and were told that the food would be 45 mins, which was fine as the pub was very busy. We eventually waited until 8.55 to eat, we were on the verge of cancelling the order, but it arrived. 
We have eaten here previously before the Festival of Remembrance and always find booking helps, however we reserved a table for 17:00 confident that we would have eaten In time to take our seats by 18:30 in the Hall. Sadly although we ordered dead on 5pm at nearly 6pm our ordered food had not arrived. A lovely young lady explained it would be at least another 10 mins before it arrived so we had to decline, they complimented our drinks bill, which was nice of them, and whilst I have no issue with the people skills and customer service of those we interacted with, the food issue really put a damper on our evening. It’s the only reason I give it a 3 as it’s a lovely bar, but this time did not live up to previous visits.....a real shame! 
Its cute from the outside but my god the moment you pop in the pub smells really unpleasant and damp. 
I used to be a regular patron of the Anchor around 5 years ago. Having seen that it had recently undergone a refurb I suggested meeting with family for lunch in here one Sunday.  
Nice location tucked down a lane with a good selection of beers & wine. Menu is limited, but the food is nice enough. Wine is a little over-priced - even by London standards. Worth a visit if you are in the vicinity, staff are helpful & welcoming 
I came here before an event at the royal Albert Hall and the staff were very friendly.  
Best to book as it gets very crowded, it is a popular location for after work drinks so it gets full quicker than you would expect. 
This is a small sized Indian restaurant near hays and Harrington station.  
Pub has had a nice refurb, I was hoping there was a now a pub near Bexley Viilage with outside space that has good food. 
This can be a lovely place to eat and drink but as one of the few options in the ares it is often full. Yet the owners seem happy to understaff it so badly that even if you can get a seat, the kitchens aren't taking orders because they're overwhelmed. Don't come here if you're hungry, you'll likely be waiting a while.  
Went here for a pub lunch midweek. Had to wait a couple of minutes at a totally empty (customer side) bar whilst staff, having seen us, continued emtying the glass washing machine. The words "please" and "thank you" seem to be only something said by us as customers whilst ordering.  
The roast beef wasn't roast beef but a steak with veg and gravy no comparison to a nicely cooked beef joint. The half chicken was fine but the parsnips were hard and the roast potatoes pale and uninviting all in all a very disappointing Sunday lunch. 
LHR has become a hectic airport to connect, especially if you need to transfer from one terminal to another, Terminal 5 security lines can be a nightmare in certain hours 
Have eaten at this coffee shop before however, on my last visit a couple of weeks ago I found that standards seem to have fallen. The staff not as friendly, the food not as good. My omelette was cold and drab looking and tasteless. 
The saag paneer was amazing. Everything belse was ok but not as good as most. 3/5. If it wasn't for the saag paneer it would be less. 
I can only say average- kitchen staff were the only ones that knew what they were doing, food was fantastic!  
Buffet menus in airport hotels try to carter for quantity and diversity more than quality. And while the food is not bad at all, it is nothing special either. I had 3 meals there and all of them where forgettable  
The food was ok here but took a long time to come. Excellent service though. But over £7 for a pint of Guinness is just too much, its not as if its a top class super hotel... its an airport hotel near slough! & it was Guinness not Moet! 
Good place to try a Greek meal in Twickenham. Prices are good, specially if your order the daily deal. Food was good but could be better. Quality/price is ok. Good customer service.  
Located in the center of St Margarets it is a good option if you want to eat something different  
The queuing system and staff on duty were excellent during a very busy part of the morning. However the food itself was very very disappointing. We had the porridge and to say it disappointed is an understatement. It looked and tasted gloopy, what was supposed to be coconut flavoured just tasted what I would imagine wallpaper paste to taste like. The coffee was lukewarm and the tea was also. Come in Pret’s, I know it’s busy terminal and you have a trapped audience but you can do better than that!!! 
Great for and evening of "can't be bothered to cook!" Portion sizes are good. However please wear a hat to catch your sweat off your brow 'Mr Fish and Chip" man. Luckily it didn't drip into my food, had it done you would have known about it. Hygiene people might want to check that out!! This may have put me off now!! 
1970s Food Served. Very nice staff and extremely friendly. As i said i think the restaurant should try a more modern menu. However if you wish to relive the 70s and 80s then this is the place for you 
Amazing service! Staff really friendly and helpful.  
tried witham churchills fish and chip shop at 5.15 on friday night 6 staff and waited 10 mins for a chicken burger and chips and there wasn't a lot of customers 
Been back twice since my last review, and both times the experience has been wasted by poor service first time i was left waiting for Scampi while a procession of people were served - seems they forgot to put it in the fryer. and teh otehr night all went well till they were packing my order up, without asking if i wanted salt and vinegar - i mean, it's a fundamemntal on a fish and chip dinner, how difficult can it be to ask every customer? 
A group of us shared the mezze selection of starters and mains. The quality was not bad at all, half of it wasn't great but the other half was fantastic. Highly recommend the stifado and kleftiko. 
Read good reviews so decided to give it a try over Bella Italia.  
Having been assured by my friend that Falafel Feast did the best ever falafel, I agreed to have lunch there. There was only one table, although some customers sat on stools to consume their food. I probably shouldn't have deviated from the falafel option, but the Syrian pitta sounded interesting. Big mistake...the contents were bland and wet. 
This is the second time we've eaten here and both times we've come away disappointed. The restaurant is very smart and promises much but.... We had soup to start with which was fine. However the Ceasar salad was disappointing. We both felt that we would have eaten better at home which, considering the food is pricey, is not a good feeling. As residents of the hotel we are a captive audience for the hotel is located on an industrial estate. 
I had evening meal here in late January 2017. 
Service was attentive and not over-bearing. Waiting staff were pleasant and helpful. What lets it down is the food quality and price. The food is average and very expensive for what you get. I have had better for less, even at many other Hilton hotels I have used.  
Very average food at Orpheus, which is a shame, as London is lacking in good Greek Restaurants.. apart from The Carob Tree in Highgate, which is probably the best Greek food I have tasted outside of Greece! 
Stayed at hotel twice in six days end of April. Hotel has a very good but pricey Indian restaurant; a bar with hot bar snacks but VERY LOUD bomp, bomp, music; and this open-all-day Gallery Restaurant. Ate in restaurant twice in six days. First occasion with 20 or so guests in restaurant service was quick and food was hot at a cost of £47 including wine; second occasion a flight delay had about 30 other guests awaiting food paying by voucher. My order was for just one course with wine and I waited and waited. Wine arrived after 10 minutes, food after 25 minutes - AFTER I reminded the waitress. Unfortunately, the potatoes were barely warm although the paneer curry was piping hot. Manager replaced the potatoes halfway through my curry. No offer of cost reduction off total cost of £28. 
This hotel is great for it's location near Heathrow... The Hotel has 2 decent restaurants - "Mr. Todwalis (Indian) and the Gallery - a more traditional "British" restaurant. I have had some very nice meals here (the pork belly comes to mind), but tonights "ribeye" was just OK. If you are expecting a US sized steak - fuggedaboudit! this cut, will nice, was thinner and smaller than your basic ribeye. It was cooked as requested, and came with steak fries, some tomatoes, and "mushroom ketchup". This piqued my interest, and I ordered this (along with spinach. The staff was efficient and friendly. The meal took a bit longer than I would have thought, but overall, I'd say the staff was attentive. I would have to rate this meal overall as "nothing special" - I'd stick with some of the more local (and interesting) choices. 
The hotel is beautiful but obviously not family friendly as kids cannot use the leisure centre and you have to pay for overnight parking.....even if you came for an event. We had a family suite but not being a family friendly place made it annoying. You need the key card for everything.... the lifts the leisure facilities etc etc. Breakfast was lovely the staff are friendly and the set up was really nice. Great guy called Aswin went out of his way for everyone and made the service special.  
Didn’t stay but had dinner with friends. Food good and plenty of choice, although a bit expensive. Staff efficient and attentive. 
My server was very nice & accommodating. Fish & chips were unremarkable. Sort of like ordering grits st a "Big Boy" in Michigan. While I received my order in proper time there must have been an issue in the kitchen as many tables around me were complaining of waiting over an hour for their meal.  
This was a generally disappointing experience. Food was average and expensive. Service was slow. Starters were particularly expensive. Portions were large but the food was generally unexciting.  
Went here, based on reviews, and was really disappointed. Very noisy, the tables are in the bar and squashed up. We came thinking it would be a Sunday roast and at 16.45 there was none and they changed the menu. I was not informed of this before we came. The meal we had was a longtime coming and uninspiring. Would not go back. 
Good value food at a reasonable level. The wines a little expensive. This hotel restaurant is OK for a decent dinner. 3.5 points. 
First time in this restaurant though I understand that it has been around for 50 years! Very traditional decor, the food is average, reminds me of all those Greek restaurants in the West End in the 80s, with belly dancer and plate smashing. All the Greek dips could have been purchased from your local supermarket! Nothing special there. The main, I had Kleftico was ok. Low on atmosphere as the restaurant was quite empty. I wanted to like it more but the food just let it down 
Found on the Mezzanine of Heathrow Terminal 5 Hilton. This is a restaurant which could be so much better with a little work. The decor is modern but comfortable with well spaced tables and velour covered chairs which were both comfortable and supportive. Cloth napkins and tablecloths too. The front of house is pleasant and affable, the waiters are helpful and smiling. Menu has a good variety of grilled and roast meats, fish incliding a tasty-sounding crab and prawn pasta...and a few tasty veggie options. A good wine list. Complementary small bread rolls which were fresh but would have been nicer warmed first were supplemented by an amuse-bouche in the form of a small cup of sweet potato soup. It was pleasant but with a bit of an odd aftertaste. The steaks were illustrated with a breed history and came in a 30 quid for a 7oz fillet. The salmon steak was well-cooked and very tasty. It came with a vine of 5 cherry tomatoes and was, rather oddly, lying on a "mushroom ketchup" and beside a small yorkshire pudding - strange bedfellows... The Chicken breast was also delicious but was served with exactly the same accompaniments, as was the steak. Not very imaginative....  
I stayed one night only at the Hilton London Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 Hotel so ate at one of its two restaurants the Gallery. Service was not attentive, crab and langoustine linguine had one single small langoustine and one single small piece of crab meat so was really just plain pasta with sauce and langoustine and crab as a garnish rather than an ingredient. Would have preferred to eat elsewhere if I had a choice (I did not try the other restaurant which served Indian food which I do not like).  
A pleasant enough place but for us the experience was completely spoiled by the loud music. When asked if it could be reduced we were told that was the volume they like to keep to. The people were polite and friendly but I wouldn't go back. 
Located right behind our hotel in a very quiet side street we had walked past the outwardly attractive pub. 
Atmosphere was very good but service was so,so.I got the ketchup,salt and pepper AFTER I had finished eating my hamburger with fries.The meat was great but they never asked in spite of the menu how I wanted it...so it was overdone.Then they made a mistake with my bill....so they had to do it again.By the way the kitchen does not know how to make a hamburger...they put fresh cucumbers in it and the bread was not fresh.Caesars Salad on former stays is very good! 
Food: I had the Paneer dish on one day & the Thai dish on the next day and they were both average. 
Visited the Gallery Restaurant whilst staying at at Hilton Terminal 5 Hotel on business. The restaurant itself and the staff were great. Very attentive and helpful. 
Very nice clean contemporary surroundings but we had to settle for third time lucky at the bar as they didn’t have essential ingredients for the more exotic cocktails. Parking is expensive considering you will be spending a notable amount in their bars and restaurants if dining out or attending a function. 
bought 2 doner kebabs 4/11/2019 @ quid each, the meat was either over cooked or had been left in a hot plate, it was quite unpleasant and dry. Who ever served it up knows what they are off loading to the customer and it makes me unlikely to buy again. t was not th first time thi has happened 
I’m afraid my wife and I had a very average meal here. The hummus had a very strong and unpleasant garlic taste, the dolmades were not cooked through so were still quite chewy. The moussaka was about average but, the salad and potatoes that came with it weren’t bad. In short, probably not terrible value for the set menu in the evenings but under no circumstances would I go for a full priced meal there. Perhaps it was a one off but I wouldn’t take the risk again  
Went here to get a takeaway they served the food quickly however the food is average. Wouldn’t go out of my way to recommend this fish and chips as the food is average. No flavour to any of the food which makes it bland, this is why personally I would not recommend this to friends. 
Hotel restaurants are much the same - food quality and choice isn't always great. 
Just an ok experience for dining. I expected more from this hotel. Food ok, service was good but a little slow. The atmosphere is not good, too cavernous a place. Only had dinner, we checked out too early for breakfast & the hotel doesn't offer anything complimentary early in the morning. 
This pub was recommended to us by a resident Londoner. We were disappointed that there was no air conditioning and the draught beer was on the warm side. That being said, the food was delicious and the server was warm and personable.  
We booked this pub for pre theatre meal. Our table was reserved which was a good start and we ordered our drinks. The White wine was not as chilled as it could be which was a shame as it was a very hot day but the second glass was. We were told to order our food early as it would get busy and it would take longer so we did. The burger was on the small side and the roasted chicken was very good. The atmosphere was very lively as it got busy. A nice pub with OK pub food. 
We went just last Fri for our anniversary treat with.my hubby got in Contact groupon voucher.  
Decent-ish food and friendly staff but awful service. Took 90mins to get our starters (so conveniently we had to order another bottle of wine). Told it was because of a party and the chef was solo. Not good enough and poor planning for a Saturday evening. Another long wait between starter and main course. Offered free drinks at the end but by this point we’d been there nearly 4hrs and had ha enough to drink to fill the gap - removing the cost of the extra bottle of wine would have been better . Better time management would have been even better. Luckily our company was ace. Nearly £90 a head for an ‘ok’ meal with poor service didn’t feel like good value.  
The title says it all. Setting was good but this is not the place for a quick snack. Perhaps a better alternative is to choose the lobby.  
Given the capacious atrium of the hotel, the Gallery Restaurant on the first floor feels somewhat sterile and lacking atmosphere - you seem to float on the side of this massive vacuum. We dined twice, on the second occasion the Indian restaurant, Mr Todiwallahs was closed, it being Sunday, and hence at least The Gallery was busier than on the orevious visit. Dishes seem a trifle expensive and sometimes the size of helping within a dish can seem disproportionate - the chorizo mash accompanying the pork belly was huge- enough for two, but yummy. Staff are pleasant and service attentive. 
An ideal spot to have a pre theater dinner if attending the Royal Albert Hall. It is busy as office workers frequent it at a similar time to theatre goers. So be prepared for lots of lively banter going on around you. Seating is restricted, so booking is definately advised but be aware that it is combined bar and eating seating, so everyone is on top of each other. Menu is restricted but arrived piping hot and was tasty, so no complaints about the food. 
This area is where we so loved to dine, the evening before leaving for Abu Dhabi, but in recent years not so good. 
Great food but like others have said the service is really slow and terrible, takes around 20mins to get a beer. Slightly off putting. 
Just stayed here and ate at the gallery because the Indian restaurant was closed. I had an expensive bottle of wine which was too cold and OK fish and chips. The whole thing is overpriced for what you get. I heard complaints about shrimp which they knocked off the bill but it seems to me like they go through the motions without the commitment to local sourcing and quality that they claim. Just my opinion but I would not return. I wish the Indian restaurant was open. 
Party of three, Arrived Friday 9pm, very quiet for a Friday night, Maybe because we are in Holiday season, Friendly Staff, Food is on the Bland side,nothing exciting, decor is old,needs refurbishing as this area has become gentrified and a lot of influential peeps have moved in the area. Its ok 
Ok experience, wasn't overly struck by owner wanting us to shout out our orders while he stood central. Food ok, décor dated. 
Meal was just average and pricey. Staff were trying to be upper class, never seen so many managers (in suits) in a small place like that. Took a long time to prepare and serve the meal. Then when finished eating had to wait another 15 minutes to get the bill. Not really impressed. 
I visit this pub about 6 times a year mostly to eat early in the evening. It is a reasonable place to eat and drink without spending a lot of money. Since they changed the food menu last year standards seem to have slipped a little -- the food is not bad just average. The drinks are fine. They do have a garden which is mainly used in summer, there are a lot of smokers that use it all the time. When they have entertainment (darts/quiz/football/sports on tv) it can be rather noisy but usually ok early evening 
Sorry to say that yesterday's bad service by a barman not seen before has driven me to this,after visiting your pub for 10yrs!,partner ordered 2drinks,after while decided to order food which I did,sat down chatting then noticed sign on bar offering burger and drink deal!! Oh damm forget you do that!,when I went back to ask the barman if I could pay the £1,he said "no I can only do it when you place order",,(once before the barman with ponytail offered to do it when I reordered drinks,I didn't ask) he then said would go and ask the chef,"no he said can't either" I said ok but not happy you should have said when I ordered,"he said it's on the menu" correct but not good customer service he should have been trying to get more money in the first place.Then the food,was fine generally is,burger and curry with popadoms,no serviette where cutlery kept,went and asked barman who said you've run out?.this was wed,even if trade was good at the weekend you could have run up the pound shop!10mins away.Maybe the manager is away?.so sorry but seen this pub run into the ground too many times.ive not put poor this time ,so fingers crossed. 
Very good selection of beers including my favorite TT Landlord. 
Mediocre pub .. nothing exceptional. Garden has plenty of potential but there's no love or care apparent. The inside is functional and tired looking . Toilets were grubby and one was broken. Asked for vodka soda and lime .. too much lime , on each occasion. Food was ok if you like microwave heated pub grub .. no quality. This pub has huge potential and needs investment to live up to it.  
Good value I had scampi and my friend had bangers and mash, 3 sausages! good sizes and reasonable prices. Tables were clean as was the cutlery.  
Now that Indian food is the number 1 cuisine in the UK there are many more discerning Indian restaurants popping up everywhere and this certainly isn't one of them however, the waiters were decent the service OK and the food tasty. So if you want a nice quick reasonably priced no frills curry try it. 
So we returned and had some easy regular dishes lamb madras, king prawn biryani, chicken tandoori mosala, rice, keema paratha, poppadoms and very tasty pickles and we are going back again. 
Popped in here for a drink with my wife after a concert at the RHA. Good choice of beer but the available wine was limited. 
Visited before the Beatles / Abbey Road concert at RAH, tried to book but were told` we don't take bookings` then on arrival noted several tables had Reserved for signs on. Anyways we tried staring down the lone guy on his laptop sat with a glass of tap water on a table for 4 then got ourselves a table by using the same technique which helped end a business meeting where most of the attendees were glad of our assistance. Note to management of The Queen`s Arms - please decide whether you take bookings or not and if you don't - then don't.............also get somebody out front to maximise your table space by helping would be diners to find tables. So as you`ve guessed the pub was full, buzzing, great atmosphere, great selection of beers. Foodwise I had a fish finger sandwich which came in a bun but instead of a visit from Captain Birds Eye there were 3 slivers of fish in lots of crispy batter, I'd have preferred Captain B.E. two of our table had Fish, ( not just any fish but hand dipped fish ) with chips and a trace of mushy peas. Hard to rate service when you fetch your own drinks, order & pay at the bar but everybody we saw was friendly. 
Wanted a quiet family meal so booked a table. Very very noisy. Nice pub. Food just ok. Not quite what we expected.  
I've been to this pub a few times now and it's always been good. Me and a couple of friends decided to come and watch the football and have a spot of lunch. Lovely atmosphere, good mix of people. We walked in and luckily got a nice table in front of the TV. Not many girls in here and the ones that are here aren't the nicest looking. Good quality beer at a reasonable price (3 pints for £10). We all had a look down the menu which was satisfactory and went up to the bar to order. There was a bit of a wait for the food, around 30 minutes. Each meal came out at a different time which was annoying. By the time my friends starter was served I had already finished mine. I had prawn and chorizo starter, both prawns and chorizo were over cooked and served in a bland tomato sauce. Once my main came out my friend was still on his starter. The burger was mediocre to say the least but the sweet potato fries were enjoyable. The price wasn't too bad about £10 for the meal. I'd come back but definitely not order the same meal. 
I like this pub. It's a fun place to go and the beer was good. The Chablis was appalling. The food is very average pub grub which is a shame because on reading the menu you are expecting good things! My friend had pork belly stuffed with black pudding...sounds enticing but he pronounced it to be fairly foul. I ordered a fairly expensive steak RARE and it came quite close to WELL DONE and I was too hungry to send it back. The french fries were almost inedible which I suppose saved me from a few calories. I fed them to some nearby music students. The veggies were delicious. 
I booked a table for Sunday lunch for two reasons. Firstly the Sunday lunch menu looked good, advertising pork and crackling, roast beef and Yorkshire pudding. Secondly because of it's close proximity to the Albert Hall where we going in the evening. We arrived and ordered drinks. As it was also a cekebration for hubby's birthday we irdered a bottle if prosecco, £25. We were shown to our table but in looking at the Sunday Menu all they offered was chicken, steak or Vegetarian choice. We irdered the chicken and asked for a side order of cauliflower cheese, only to be told they had sold out. The meal duly arrived, had to ask twice for more gravy and although the meal was nice, it was no better than a Sunday lunch at home in fact not as good as! Rather disappointing but that's like a lot of eateries in london.  
Visited here on a Saturday night as a couple. The venue itself was lovely and the seating was comfortable. The drinks menu was good, especially the wine. I had the calamari risotto which was lovely and my boyfriend had a steak and then an apple tart which he really enjoyed. However, we got bread to start which was stale and the ice cream with pudding was very melted by the time it arrived at our table. The women’s toilets were not in great condition and didn’t match the rest of the restaurant. The staff were very lovely but the service wasn’t great; this was mainly because we didn’t have one set member of staff so there was a lot of overlap. They also did not take AMEX which is very unusual for London.  
Have been coming to this restaurant for years and always happy but went today lunchtime and the place was a bit chaotic.... 
We had lunch here before going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. We had booked a table which was just as well as the place got very busy. The Queen's Arms is just round the corner from the Albert Hall, Kensington Gardens, The Natural History Museum and a load of other attractions but its situation is on a quiet mews and you could imagine that you were in a small country town. The food was very good and there was a good, though not huge, variety of dishes. We visited on a Sunday lunchtime and the web site advertised Sunday roast although only chicken was offered - and the pigs in blankets turned out to be a single pig. The sausages and mash were very tasty and the duck cottage pie was delicious. Unfortunately the service left a little to be desired: the bar staff did not seem particularly interested in taking orders and the food took a long time to arrive. The puddings menu looked interesting but we weren't able to sample it as the main course took so long to arrive. The food was not cheap, but then this is London, and the drinks were expensive. 
We recently took some friends visiting from overseas here, so as to introduce them to a traditional English pub in a great location. The atmosphere and conviviality was as great as ever. The service here remains good, as does the excellent quality of the beers on offer. Strong advice would be to book a table in advance (although not possible on Fridays); from 1700 onwards it is literally heaving most nights, with little standing room and all tables reserved. The food sadly does not quite match the quality of ambience and beverages. All pretty standard English pub fare - and reasonably priced for central London - but more a case of basic fuel rather than gastronomy. A great drinking and meeting place nonetheless. Recommended. 
Well, we just passed nearby , and decided to eat something. We ordered 2 8oz steak and a steak sandwich, the steaks was OK but it was a little bit too faty, and the sandwich was not good at all, tastless. The service was intresting, i guess a normal avarage, but at all i cant really advice to spend here ur mony, tbh its a little bit expensive as well.  
My partner and I have been going to Gazette frequently for a few years since moving to the area. We’ve had some really great meals there but recently it just feels as though it’s not what it once was. Most recently we went for breakfast on a Saturday morning. I ordered the madeleine cake which took over 45 minutes to cook and then came out over cooked and almost crunchy. The general service was also lacking. We’re not sure whether they’ve recently employed a load of new staff but it certainly seemed as though some of them didn’t really know what was happening. Hopefully this is just a blip for the restaurant, because we both know that the food can be really excellent  
We went to the Gazette in Putney, offering French cuisine, on a Wednesday night. 
So I was dinning with my aunt and uncle. Special occasion and a long overdue catch up.  
Thursday evening with friends, great company not so much ambiance.  
On a Sunday some of the other restaurants in the hotel are closed. This one has a pleasant environment although we didn’t use the bar. The dinner menu is very colourful and appears quite exotic. But when we ordered the chicken it turned out to be grilled chicken with potato wedges. Very straightforward but tricky to discern from the menu. It was a tasty meal. Prices are not budget levels but the service was good and attentive. Only 3 stars based on value for money. 
Still a good pub, but the food has changed drastically since a year or two ago and is now overpriced and average. The menu is now dull and uninspired and the pub chain now send out vouchers to encourage people to eat there which says it all. Once this pub sold well cooked, interesting, tasty food one wanted to eat, for example they made their own tartare sauce and it was lovely. Now it sells pedestrian food, the interesting bar snacks have disappeared and the menu instead of changing regularly is now printed on a piece of card that will not change throughout the months, no matter what food is in season, it's now pub chain fare. However, this is still a great pub to drink in. Great choice of ales and that is what most people seem to do now, drink rather than eat and who can blame them, good atmosphere, good bar staff and old fashioned pub and they sell some decent wines, Pimms etc. To avoid disappointment just don't eat here. 
This is a lovely pub in a great location down a small mews. The draft selection is second to none and the staff are pretty friendly. I've been going to the pub for almost 9 years now and recently the food has deteriorated in quality and price. In particular they have abolished the lunch menu which was good value and met the needs of the local (college and museums) workforce!  
Six of us went for dinner, 
I really don’t get why everyone is raving about this place. I am so so not impressed with this place. 
This is a nice little pub but it can get very cramped when there is something on at the Albert Hall. If you plan to visit before an event there make sure you book and plan to finish your meal well before the pub gets mobbed, otherwise in my experience it was quite an uncomfortable dining experience. The food was nice but nothing extraordinary, and they have a decent selection of beers.  
First, this is not one of the Greene King "chain" pubs, which was encouraging. We were there before a concert, but luckily had booked a table. Still, it was slow ordering at the bar and we waited 35 minutes for food. We both had Sunday roast (chicken and steak) and they were average. This is probably a whole different place when nothing is happening at Albert Hall. Prices were good, especially for the Kensington area. 
This is a place saved by the fact it has people in the kitchen who very clearly know what they're doing. It is a pity the same cannot be said at the front-of-house end. That's not to say that the welcome isn't warm – it is, and the staff were very nice, but there is an underlying, slightly chaotic feel here that really needs to be addressed. Service takes too long; the menu is confusing in places, a confusion that was amplified considerably as soon as we asked the staff for help. I very nearly left before eating anything. I was, however, glad I persevered. A good, classic and flavoursome French onion soup, then a beautifully cooked sea bass fillet on a bed of purple asparagus, and a great apple tart of the kind I only every hope to encounter in France. My wife said her vegetable risotto is one of the best she has ever tasted. Prices, while certainly not cheap, are pitched sensibly, and the wine and beverage lists are wide-ranging. So there you have it: with just a little bit more care front-of-house, this could be an absolute winner. 
We went there for drinks at lunch on a Friday. The pub is beautiful from the outside in a private mews with lovely hanging basket, inside it's all dark wood with loads of taps with different ales and a good drinks selection, clean, well kept and looks a real treat. You can stand outside in the sunshine and enjoy your drinks, when my boss and I saw it we immediately thought that it would be great to go there for a drink. It was a great place to visit and the cider was nice. However, the staff were appalling. I have never met 2 more sour faced individuals in my life. We were ignored for a good 5 minutes despite being the only people at the bar, then when someone else approached they were served before us. Eventually we were served, the lady couldn't crack a smile, say hello, do anything other than grunt. Now, having said hello, asked for 3 ciders politely and smiled I do expect some interaction, even if it's just general good manners. We took our cider outside and left shortly after not wanting to stay anymore. It's a shame as this could be a great pub but there is more to it than having a pretty venue. 
I will admit this was only my second afternoon tea experience so perhaps the first one I went to was just of a much higher standard, but this was very underwhelming for an afternoon tea for two at the price of £36.  
Visiting RAH and have been to pub before as beer is excellent. Unfortunately most tables were reserved so difficult to find comfy seats. Food was disappointing . 
The selection of beers looked pretty decent, the room is typical rustic London pub and the food appeared decidedly average. Ok for a quick bite near the Albert Hall. 
Stopped off at this pub en route to the Royal Albert Hall. It's in a fairly quiet, great spot and offers a very wide selection of lagers and ales, enough to satisfy most tastes. It did though have one large drawback. Being a barman is not a career choice for most in the UK, unlike some other countries. But one presumes that if you're going to do it, you at least try to do it reasonably. Sadly, the dopey barman in this venue paid no attention to the people waiting and employed the oddest technique of determining who to serve next, not based on longevity or visibly mounting irritation, but like a brainless butterfly complete with flowery shirt, stopping here and there at blind, fluttery, whim. Consequently after 30 minutes or more, we were finally served and when finished decided to go somewhere more professional, rather than face gormless torture once more. 
An interesting looking restaurant in a fairly convenient location. Tempting menu plus good atmosphere and friendly waiters. Enough to have us enthusiastic before we started. 
The location was very nice and so was the atmosphere of the pub. The staff was friendly and smiley. We tried the honey soup and it was delicious!!! Unfortunately, the burger didnt meet our expectations, as it was small and difficult to digest. After all we left we a generally good experience. 
The smell in the bar is like a nursing home. So off putting. Food is ok. Had baguettes which could have been cooked longer but otherwise fine. The smell of fat and oil and other nasty cooking smells especially in the car park is nauseating. The bar was busy so clearly popular locally but the smell for me was terrible. I had a meeting with a colleague locally so chose this for location. But it was not good. Staff were very nice though.  
Came here for the brunch and was initially very put off by the young waiter who served us. He came to offer us prosecco- i said I didn't drink and could I have a non alcoholic alternative and he looked like I had asked him something obscene and said he couldn't do that. I have been to many brunches and never refused a non alcoholic alternative. After he eventually checked with his boss, he gave me orange juice. Then it took them forever to even take our orders for main course. It was all in all very average. 
Ok pub, friendly staff, nice outside areas, inside is a little tired looking. The big disappointment was to be charged £6 for a bowl of pasta with no sauce and a bit of cheese on top for a kids meal. 
Stumbled upon this place whilst trying to avoid the rain. Myself and my mum decided to order some breakfast. I had some pancakes and she had the eggs royale. Unfortunately when the food arrived it wasnt very warm. The coffee was also on the luke warm side. However one good thing was that the orange juice was freshly squeezed and tasted nice. The food was very average. Something I could easily knock together at home. Slightly overpriced too. 2 pancakes, a dollop of creme fraiche and a small handful of blueberries for £7.95. Service wasnt bad. But definitely room for improvement.  
Tonight was my second visit to Gazette... The food, both times, was really good and tasty, but comes the end of dinner, I always had a bad experience...  
It's a pub that does food. Good as long as your expectations are not too high. Just go and chill and enjoy. The staff are very friendly and it's informal and easy going. The food's fine but unexceptional. Sunday lunches are popular but the meats are not home roasted - probably bought in. Tasty and filling. The puddings are traditional and come in hearty portion sizes (if a little stodgy). So all fine but not gastro. Good value even so. Take the fam - everyone will enjoy the experience.  
My previous visit to this pub was for a drink many years ago. 
Booked for a family lunch with voucher offer. Took 20 minutes before anyone took the voucher. Then another 10 minutes before anyone brought us menus. We had to request someone came to take our order and then our drinks sat on the bar for 5 minutes. Staff just seemed to wander around as place was not over busy. Food was ok but everything was spoilt by poor service. 
A shame we are post Covid. The food choice was limited, but the steak was good. The service by Nyson was good under what I believe to be difficult circumstances. 
Go here once a month on average for work lunch. The odd quizze or comedy night. It's a typical English pub with friendly staff. Simple traditional pub food but home cooked. Bear is expensive, but its London! Steak and Ale pie with chunky chips to die for. Not a "special meal place" but somewhere to go when you don't want to cook and know it's a good decent dinner. Recommended! 
We were very disappointed in our dinner here. Apparently it was the first night of the “new” menu, but one would think staff would be trained about what’s on said menu before rolling it out. And it’s really frustrating when they don’t have things that are on the menu. It was fine for the morning breakfast buffet- not fantastic, but satisfactory- but the other meals leave much to be desired. It seems like they are trying to attract a millennial crowd with vegan and hipster offerings, which is fine, but they’ve done so at the expense of a diverse menu, not in addition.  
8 of us visited British Museum then went to Urban Meadow for Afternoon Tea. Service deffo not good and the two waitresses spent most of their time holding hands together and giggling at the front counter and when by change one was able to attract their attention they did eventually come over. Definitely untrained and unprofessional. Had little or no understanding of customer service and very poor communication skills. No idea how to open bottle and pour prosecco and ad to be shown by one of my guests. Waitress spilled lot at one point. Was asked to wipe down the glass before giving to customer and instead cleared all the glasses from the table. Food good but what amounted to 8 small finger sandwiches between 2 adults is a total rip off but scones were good. We had 4 bottles Prosecco included in our deal - they brought 1 and then we had to ask for the second then ask again for the remaining two which we took away with us. Rest of guests were not impressed and felt they were being "diddled". Would not go back and would not recommend. 
I visited Gazette for the first time last Sunday. It was a friends firm favourite and my first visit. The staff were great, very attentive, and I had a great starter of fois gras but unfortunately my chateaubriand steak was exceptionally chewy which was a shame as I ordered it rare. I would return but would not be ordering this dish again.  
Visited last week for Sunday lunch, not the greatest experience but it was extremely busy, so it must have just been a one off?  
Bit clickey if you chose to go and watch live music as the locals commondere the restaurant tables early in the evening and stay put because this where the band performs. Drinks are expensive as its considered a lounge bar. 
Sunday evening, 14th December, we visited this pub to meet up with some friends and have a few drinks. The pub is situated in a lovely location, opposite Giggs Hill green. This is a quaint little pub with low ceilings and a large open fireplace, although it was almost empty when we were there it still retained some character. There are numerous little rooms, including the bay window area, overlooking the green, where there is seating. 
Nothing fancy but popped in for a pint and everyone looked happy. Good value for pints Shame the heaters were not working outside as we would have stayed longer!  
Average Fullers pub. Well kept real ale but the food seems to be hit or miss. The chef and menu seem to change regularly so keep an eye on later reviews. 
Ok so the three of us arrived on a rainy evening, it wasn't busy, and the staff were very friendly, we had two steak and kidney pies and a fish and chips, all were ok although mash was warm, onion rings and garlic bread likewise fish was crisp on outside but inside was mushy? but we were hungry so finished them up, desserts were nice, my issue is paying £70 for bought in items, pies were clearly not homemade and fish was obviously frozen. If you are going to charge me £11 for a pie I would think it would be homemade? 
Nice enough pub, really friendly staff, good beer, food menu was fairly limited but the burger was decent. The lamb kopka as a starter was lovely! 
I think the chef can do better , food was not bad but not impressive as well . Mussels and fries was tasty , steak was quite average and poor with presentation . Basically if my wife can do way better presentation , it looks like the chef needs to work little bit more on presentation. Onion souce on top of the Bavette was not a good combination and looked quite messy. We enjoyed the wine. Atmosphere , lights was nice and cosy. Front man was very cool and stylish. All the staff were very helpfull . 
Phoned to book a table for ten family members. Was put off by the abrupt attitude of the recipient who replied in monosyllables but I decided to book anyway. Only two other guests seated in the restaurant at 7-15 PM but it was a Monday. The quality of the food was very acceptable but being a large party most ordered the set meals for two which seemed quite expensive. We greatly over ordered but by taking it steady the majority of food was finally eaten. However we were rather surprised at the total cost of the meal which averaged out at £35-00 per head including small bottles of Chinese beer for the men and soft drinks for the ladies. We found the behaviour of our waiter most peculiar at times when he laughed long and loud at things he said which we did not find at all funny.. Our mistake was in ordering too much food which cost us dear but, as the food was good and tasty several said they would return wiser whilst others would not wish to do so .I must say that I have enjoyed my experiences in other Chinese restaurants much better than I did in the Peking Garden but would still like to visit on a busier evening, hoping to to experience a different atmosphere 
Got here A bit late (kitchen closes at 21 o'clock), but in time to order some food. Got honey-glassed ham with eg and fat fries. It was very Nice, and the Price ok - 7,95 pound. The portion size was also good. The service was in top, and think i Will come again another time. 
We have eaten here several times but lately it has got very pricey. The food is variable. Standard menu items are OK but seems like mass-market catering from the brewery chain. The specials tend to be home-cooked in-house recipes and are generally the best choice. 
I've been to this restaurant a few times for brunch and for that it's top notch but decided I should give it a try for dinner and to be honest I was a little disappointed.  
Looks quite good. decor tries to be very French and suceeds to some degree. 
Really nice atmosphere, and the staff were incredibly friendly. However the service was very slow, and we had to wave pretty much every time we wanted service. The food did come out at a good pace though, so was not a kitchen issue. For example, the mains came almost immediately after starters had been cleared. They had been left for a good 20 minutes on table after we had finished eating. 
Friendly staff. food decent but small portions overall an average experience. not really value for money probably would not recommend this restuarant 
Thought we would try this restaurant for lunch. Nice interior, extremely friendly and efficient staff, excellent coffee. 
First visit for Sunday Buffet and it will be the last. 
Traditional pub fayre with a few twists. Food cooked and presented well.  
met a couple of friends last Thursday evening for drinks and food. Staff friendly, fairly busy and a nice cosy atmosphere 
Ok - location - on the main road & very central. Seating - hard wooden seats - I really wish restaurants wouldn't do this! Tables - blackboards for you to write or draw on - a nice little gimmick. Atmosphere - OK. Wine list - good. Menu - OK if a little limited - there was only 1 thing I liked on the menu but it was very nice. Service - nice waitress who tried to be helpful but..... 
we were a party of 4 on a Saturday night. We shared 2 plateaux gazette of terrines and charcuterie. Ham hock and terrine were great . generous portions. Too much as then 2 had the chateaubriand and 2 the entrecôte. All were great. Small saucepans of good chips accompanied the steals. sauces were authentic. Quality of meat was excellent. I would have appreciated more variety for starters to balance the main course. Wine list has a good selection too. If we were local we would come during the week for the weekday specials. 
I’m a bit nonplussed about my visit this evening . The meal was absolutely fine , beautifully presented and good value for money . We weren’t looking to be wined and dined , it was an early dinner before getting the train home . The manager was unfriendly and unwelcoming but I really don’t think he meant to be . I was expecting the staff to up sell , aperitif , coffee , liqueurs etc but no attempt was made to do this at all . They were expecting a function and this seemed to preoccupy them . 
I booked a two course brunch which included a bottle of prosecco for two through Groupon. Urban Meadow Café is in a great location, to wonder through the grounds of Kensington Gardens after topping up with prosecco and eggs! 
Was given a choice of what cuisine I'd like to sample on my birthday & plumped for Chinese. After a brief look at the reviews on here we decided to try The Peking Garden. 
Had a fixed set menu for two. Starters were lovely,duck was very nice but the main course was very bland. Not value for money. 
We popped in here in a Sunday; buffet is not usually our thing, but we were in the area and thought we'd give it a try. The restaurant was busy, but we were seated quickly.  
Visited for the first time in ten years to see if it had improved from our last visit - sadly it had not. The service was varied with some of the staff friendly and polite and another a little brusque and surly. We began with a mixed starter which consisted of ribs, satay and a load of fried bits which seemed to have been thrown on the plate. Main courses were uninspiring but the crispy chilli beef was nice. We finished up with toffee banana to share which was nice. 
Went there with friends and service not too great. The food was pretty average and not as good as in previous visits. Staff very keen to clear tables at the end of service. 
it wasn't bad, An evening out with friends, their first visit to Peking Garden and it was an enjoyable meal, but not one that left you thinking that you'd be rushing back. Maybe it was our choice of set menu, maybe it was the annoying bloke on the next table, but it just wasn't how I remembered previous visits. That said I won't fault PG and I know we will go back again. The food served is plentiful, more than enough for us, and the price overall was relatively fair. Our bill for 4 with set menus, drinks and desserts was about £140, we didn't flinch when it was handed over. And when you see a full restaurant, time after time, they must be doing something well, and they are. Give it a go, I don't think it will disappoint 
Well, I heard about this restaurant before, a lot. everyone saying that it was a very good one and the food was great. 
Lovely food, friendly staff, only complaint was the dirty decore needs a lick of paint a good clean up. 
We have been visiting this restaurant for many years now (about 22 I think ?). We are recognised by the owners and we still enjoy returning, albeit less frequently, especially for me after moving to Yorkshire 12 years ago. The food still all tasted nice and I think everything was enjoyed (including my soft shell crab which is must on every visit). The manner in which the table was prepared, food was brought to the table and dishes removed from the table was just a bit abrupt though. I'm happy to let things go but if The Peking Garden wants to keep a good reputation is has to make sure that guests are happy with more than just the taste of the food. It need to take more care when leaning between guests with hot plates and stacked plates. 
Went for a meal with 10 for a birthday celebration, staff friendly, food was not a lot considering there was 10 of us. Nothing to write home about, but ok. 
Friend recommended to visit and she has been there on a few occassions. So we gave it a go. 
We have visited twice so far and will probably return, but choosing very selectively in future. 
Went here with several friends and decided on a selection of set dishes. Found the portions to be small and food to be extremely average. The biggest problem was the price of the beer. Chinese beer works out at £8 pint and the waitress is on you like a rash when your glasses are getting low. Surprise! The bill came to over £300 and when our elected money counter scrutinised the bill he discovered over half of it was drink. Will not be going back. We left still feeling hungry and cheated. 
Visited for afternoon tea as a family treat. Wasn’t very impressed by the selection of cakes, not really traditional afternoon tea with cheesecake and chocolate cake. Simple and basic but was worth the cost just for the bottle of prosecco. Was charged almost £5 for a small apple juice for my daughter which I thought was very over priced. One very negative was when I went to use the napkin and found chewing gum inside it!!  
Went to Sunday buffet for Mother's Day, food was loving however when food run out it took too long for it to be replaced and something should be done about this 
We booked a table for 7 and what they did was to put 2 tables together in a figure of 8, try it you have your back to at least 2 people, when we complained, the manager made it personal and if it not being my dads birthday I would have walked out, not listening and it felt aggressive. We were eventually moved to a single table but by then the damage was done. Not sure I was at the same restaurant as other reviews, happy staff, all must have been off duty, the experience was cold and unwelcoming, only interested in selling drinks which took ages to arrive.  
This restaurant does serve your regular Chinese fare, however, I wonder if I ask too much by wanting something that is a touch more delicate and flavoursome. 
With friends for dinner, and enjoyed the clean and calm interiors, and warm (albeit a tad slow) service offered by this restaurant.  
Disappointed following my recent visit for dinner. Arrived and staff said sit wherever you want to. A few minutes later brought a menu over, and took some time afterwards to come back and take my order. Staff seemed uninterested. Lack of atmosphere and no check back on what was overall a very average meal and very average service - expected better as it wasn't even busy. 
The Peking Garden in Hornchurch has always been pricey but was one so good it seemed worth the extra money. But now the service is lacking the food is not as good as it once was and overall we get the impression that they could not care less if you are there or not. We will probably go again though and give it another chance but if it does not up its game it will certainly be the last 
First the positive - food was worth the visit and we enjoyed it all. 
I have had many a pint in here. It is cosy in winter and in the summer the back affords a basic garden area with picnic tables and chairs plus bit of shelter if the unpredictable British weather turns. 
We previously enjoyed afternoon tea at this eatery, associated with the hotel. This time we had a Groupon deal for a meal, which required a booking. However, this hardly seemed necessary because, on this Thursday evening, we were almost the only dining customers. This initially was a concern - but our meal was okay, although we did not enjoy being conspicuous by our presence! If we just wanted to "eat", then we would come here again. If we wanted a dining "experience" then we likely would go elsewhere. 
Booked a table for 2 and got a table for 2 but if you order more than 1 side dish you may want a bigger table, we needed a side table for everything else i.e bottle of water, bottle of wine, salt and pepper and finger bowls. The food is acceptable without being memorable. I had grilled Tuna which was nice enough my companion had Entrecote steak which was also good enough, but to be honest we both think we have had better locally and cheaper. I had house wine which was "ok" - I guess that is to be expected but it wasn't chilled enough which didn't help. All in all very ordinary and there was no soap in the female toilet when we visited. 
We have been staying at the doubletree Hilton for a few years every time we visit London. As such we use this place for drinks and the occasional meal. Staff are friendly, polite and the cocktails are nice. However it is very disappointing that I cannot have a cocktail in the bar at night. They apparently stop serving them at 10.30. Arriving back on a Saturday at 10.55pm to be told they can't make me one and unfortunately I don't like drinking anything else. It's a shame and i am very reluctant to drink here again. A drink at the end of a good day would be lovely. It even puts me off staying at the hotel again.  
Visited last Friday night whilst in the area for a christening. Food was very good as usual. a bit confused about the Guinness offer whist "the match" was on. Was get 5 pints but pay for 4. I told her I'd be drinking 5 which I did but apparently the offer only applied if they were all pulled at once! Some would go flat surely? I had to pay for all of them and am still confused. 
Last time I was here I wrote "This will have been my second visit because my grandson likes some of their dishes and they cater to his specific eating requirements" well sadly since that visit they have either changed the chef or he was having a bad night. Whatever as far as the food goes you wouldn't think that it was the same restaurant 
We bought a wowcher for £39 giving a three course meal for two and a bottle of 'bubbly'. It is redeemable midweek but has a small supplement at weekends. The venue itself is fairly uninspiring although clean and as the name suggests is in a cafe style. We had salt and pepper squid for starters with chicken spatchcock and  
This was a 40th Birthday treat for one of my closest friends. Arrived for our 1pm booking. Lovely bight and airy Cafe, a godsend due to the warm weather. Taken to our table which wasn't laid for an Afternon Tea. The waitress took 20 minutes to come to our table and just said "Tea or Coffee?". No choice given, we had to ask for Earl Grey. Took a further 10 minutes to come back to us, where she literally plonked a teapot on the table and walked away. I then went up to the bar where she was getting drinks for another table and asked for milk for my friend and also to ask for the bottle of Prosecco that was in the deal. She said "yeah it's coming". This arrived a further 5 minutes later. The Prosecco was lovely and cold and crisp. 
Visited this restaurant on a Sunday.  
Nice old style pub, but parking a nightmare around Grove Road, (but good to walk to). Beer was excellent, but the food was decidedly mediocre. Burger was grey and tasteless, chips were good, and the bun around the burger was good, but the meat was very lacklustre. 
It’s nice but I found an hair in my chicken doner kebab which was a bit disappointing.:( The kebab itself is quite nice though  
I ordered almost £40 worth of food and my meal had a hair in it, I paid for a large but it’s was the normal size and didn’t have the salad. I understand it’s Ramadan but please a little attention does go alone way. Saying this does not mean I will not buy from you again because the food is absolutely delicious. Just to pay a little more attention to the orders. 
I think the restaurant can and should be 4-5 star however some basic fundamentals were not attended too. I could see my food sitting in the side by the kitchen which then took 3-5 mins too get 7ft. Halloumi was cold rubber in that time There were only 4 tables in the restaurant!!! The food is good however just needs a little more care and attention in preparing and delivering the food. I will come again but will be watching that kitchen! 
It is a pub. Good beer choices. I only saw them serve food on Sunday. I do not know if they have it any other time 
We’ve been to Istanblu twice within 1.5 weeks and had the same waiter on both occasions. This particular waiter doesn’t seem to be very accommodating or that bothered. We had a female waitress at one point during our meal and I asked for a drink in a different style and she was extremely accommodating. 
Purchased a wowcher deal for afternoon tea for two with prosecco.  
Been here before and was expecting better. 
Food was mediocre and drinks were very expensive. Service was ok. If you want authentic Korean food I think this is average. 
Food was alright (though a little bit stingy on the meat portions). 
Was in Kingston with my daughter and she wanted something different for lunch and we found this place just off the market place behind the Druid's Head. My daughter had a vegan baguette and I tried a Vietnamese coffee. My daughter liked her baguette but the coffee was disgusting and a tiny half-glass for £3.Staff friendly and restaurant clean. 
After hearing many good things about this place I decided to go last night, with a friend. 
Burger bun was not fresh and we waited 35 min for Burger and Chips. Chips were soggy, not recommend!  
We had daily breakfast here while staying at the hotel, dinner once in the restaurant, and room service once. We never had tea as most of the reviewers seemed to do! The food was always good, but service could use some help. It's understandable during the busy breakfast when the servers wouldn't give you a coffee (I suppose) but our dinner server also pretty much ignored us even though the place wasn't very crowded. Room service was almost impossible as they didn't answer the phone after many tries.  
The terrace is a nice setting for an afternoon brunch/drink; it is the customer service, however, that is a let down. If the waiters were more attentive, I would give a higher rating. 
Food is decent, nothing to spectacular but it is well cooked and tasty. The Tuna Steak salad is worth a try 
We booked a table to as part of a red letter deal. Turned up to find the place empty. We stood waiting to be seated a good 2-3mins. Which was surprising as it was so quite. We chose our seats and the waitress established our red letter deal. 
Good service, but average food for what we ordered. The steamed beef ribs were too sweet and the quality of the meat was substandard with the crispy fried chicken though the batter was goid enough. A little disappointed. 
I went with a friend on Saturday evening. She had bought a voucher which was for three courses and included a bottle of Prosecco.  
We visited New Malden with the specific intention of getting Korean food and weren't disappointed by Yami. It's quite basic inside, and the food was served on the same portmerion crockery my mum uses at home (!) but the mandoo were super tasty, as were the banchan and my chicken dish. Wasn't so sure about the soup but it's a free extra so I won't complain! We went at lunchtime on a Sunday and when we arrived the place was empty but soon started to fill up with what I assume were Korean families so definitely worth booking in advance just to be on the safe side! 
Service was great. We didn't book for Sunday lunch but they did their best to give us private room without extra charge. We had the standards: seafood pancake, stir fried glass noodle with beef, bbq short ribs and pork belly. The food was good although not near Jin Go Gae's level. I gave them 3 instead of 4 since lettuce didn't come free with bbq stuffs and they charged £2. 
We ate here on a Saturday night, and had prepurchased a voucher. (There seemed to have been quiet a few customers taking up this offer on the night) With this you only get a reduced selection of a 3 course menu. Not the full house menu, the staff were very pleasant. But the food was about average. The only redeeming think was the free bottle of Presecco which I noticed on the main menu on the way out was £40 
Me and my friend went to this restaurant for dinner after reading some good reviews. There weren't that many customers (like 15 to 20) and four waiter/waitresses. Despite this we had to wait for being served in the first place and I didn't feel welcomed at all. We waited long time even for just drinks and then again when we wanted to pay. We got the bill and after like 15 minutes of waiting we went to pay to the bar. This shouldn't happen at Hilton's restaurant. The staff could be more nice as well. The food was delicious though​! I had mackerel and my friend had duck and both of these were really good and tasty.  
Nice kebab. Was served by a staff member named zole who was very polite.Very good customer service.. 
Best indicator of the quality of a restaurant serving ethnic cuisine is the number of their countrymen dining at the restaurant. This one was full of Koreans. The BBQ was excellent. Reasonably priced and quick service. Close to New Malden railway station.  
We were extremely disappointed with our visit for afternoon tea which a friend had given us a Red Letter Day voucher - the Internet photo was a little misleading as we were expecting something much better than a cafe!! Sandwich fillings were just ok, and the cakes you could buy in a cake shop, we expected patisserie style. Tea was served in 'mugs' not quite what you expect from afternoon tea. It cost our friend £36!!! If I had to pay the bill I would have felt cheated!! Staff were very pleasant and served well, but again dressed in jeans and trainers!!! 
Food was pretty good. Mixed service.  
Food is generally cooked nicely but with the plethora of Korean restaurants in the area to me it is certainly just average and doesn't stand out.  
Delicious fried chicken but on our last visit, bulgogae was just ok and beef tang soup was below average compared to other Korean restaurants in the area 
When I looked at photos of this place it looked trendy and modern. The menu has some interesting choices and the reviews were not too bad, except for the slowness of the service.  
Relaxing afternoon tea. Portions are just enough to enjoy without feeling stuffed. Large bottle of prosecco was nice but we could not finish it. Tea was good.  
A lovely cosy traditional pub with a great atmosphere . My boyfriend comes here all the time but I don't as the wine is terrible red and white. There are very few women in here and I'm sure that's why. It's such a shame I'd love to come here more often to share wine with my friends but it is very poor so we end up at the firestation which isn't as nice place to be but has has a decent wine  
The afternoon tea here was adequate but only had one small scone each with one pot of cream and jam to share. The sandwiches were very bland and all tasted like mild cream cheese apart from the salmon ones. We found the cafe quite basic and much prefer a traditional setting for an afternoon tea. The crockery is just plain thick white basic stuff with a mug for the tea. The prosecco was very nice. All in all an average visit. 
The food was great, I had the crispy squid, salmon and chocolate tart, all great. There are even vegan options (not many). The drinks are quite expensive butt taste nice. The service was pretty bad, I was served by Vanessa and she didn't seems to want to be there, none of them did. Vanessa never once asked if I wanted another drink nor did she take away finished glasses or plates. The bartender seemed reluctant to want to make drinks. 
Food was decent and the steak cooked exactly as requested. 
After a long walk in the park we wanted to sit down, drink something and have a rest. 
The Urban Meadow is the restaurant at the Doubletree on Bayswater. It is a cafe and bar and offers a very nice outdoor seating area where you can enjoy food and drink and watch the tourists. 
I had to eat here several times during my stay alone because of my husband's work schedule and it was as if I was invisible most of those visits. Lucky got them, they are housed in a hotel and will always have business. 
Came for a nice breakfast. Pleased with the location. The friendly team was very understaffed. Berries seem to have been frozen.  
Booked a table for 8pm. Service was poor. Had to wait a long time for each part of service. It was our first Korean BBQ and asked for advice, still wasn't clear on things. Table next to us sat down after us and was finished eating before we had got our starters. They also had dipping sauce each and rice straight away. We had 1 sauce between 4 and our rice came after the BBQ.  
On a Groupon deal the food on that particular menu had it's pluses and minuses. A glass of Prosecco each was actually 1/2 a glass of Prosecco each. The fried squid was a teensy portion - which was probably a good thing, as it was actually very rubbery. The plus was apparently the melba toast with the unremarkable duck 'terrine' - more like pate. The burger was apparently good, but the pork schnitzel had no starch, sauce or veg - just a tasteless 'slaw'. 
the food was extremely lovely, but the service of staff really did let down our visit, we had to ask for hand towels and all th food arrived at different times, so someone had already finished their food and someone else food was just arriving. 
Meet in the bar for a libation or two before your meal: a modern area with the standard beers and wines, in an airy bright room. The drinks are very reasonably priced. 
Good food... awful service. You get pushed out within mins of putting your knife and fork back on the table. Sometimes you don’t even get to finish your meal before they place the bill on your table. It’s a real shame! 
In a mid-week hot evening we came for dinner. At the beginning we were not sure about staying here, as the place did not look very popular. There was absolutely nobody inside and only a few people outside, on the terrace. We did not expect anything special and we did not have surprises, bad or good. I have a special mention though, for the “Tuna Nicoise” salad: instead of the usual canned flakes I got a hot, juicy, grilled tuna steak. Very tasty! The service has not been as prompt as it could be, but the waiter has been flexible and helpful in adapting the menu to our wishes. In short, we enjoyed a pleasant evening: good food, good draught beer, nice environment. 
Went for afternoon tea with friend today on a Groupon deal which I did not pay for, so don't know if value for money. The staff were very good - friendly and attentive. Sandwiches and cakes were tasty and nicely presented on tiny picnic tables. It was very quiet on a Thursday afternoon and the surroundings were a bit basic and sterile. Perfectly adequate if you happen to be in the area, but not for a special occasion. Was surprised to be charged £3.49 for small bottle of diet coke, but perhaps this is within price range for hotel bar. 
We were really looking forward to afternoon tea here, as a birthday treat. We booked a table for two around 3pm on a Monday and there were 4 or 5 other small tables in the restaurant and around four members of staff working, so pretty quiet, loads of empty tables and plenty of staff to go around. On arrival, we were offered the table right by the front door. It was a slightly chilly, rainy day so we asked for a table a bit further into the restaurant: we eenie meenie miney mo'd between about 20 other free tables to choose a cosy one in the corner. Maybe we're fussy, but I think most would rather not be offered a table right by the front door as a first option when you've got a lovely open, empty restaurant ahead. Anyway, at ordering, we asked for a pot of tea to share, cos y'know, we're romantic like that, and were told "Well, it is unlimited so you can have more than one". Thinking this waitress must love washing up, we responded "OK, could we have two pots of earl grey, please". After waiting a good 5 minutes (and I mean a solid 300 seconds, which feels like an eventuality when you're parched) tea finally arrived, just the one pot, in the end. Wouldn't have minded waiting 5 minutes for a pot of tea: I'm British, happy to wait for a good cuppa. But one would expect a freshly-poured pot of tea, served in a virtually empty restaurant, equipped with hot water on tap (literally) and manned with several seemingly available (albeit sluggish) staff, to arrive quicker than you could say "more tea, Vicar?" Not a phrase we heard from any of the staff since nobody came over at any point to offer any more of the unlimited tea. Trying to get the attention of a member of staff to do so was the equivalent of trying to catch a 900 CP Charmander with a regular pokeball on PokemonGo (really hard and bloody frustrating). Thankfully, the food arrived pretty quickly, was presented beautifully and looked incredibly appetising. Unfortunately we weren't given any plates or knives (I know this is finger food, but you really don't want to see me scoff a scone in one. I mean, I can, but I'd rather not in public). After trying to flag down some of the staff that were stood around the bar seemingly doing very little, we helped ourselves to some plates from another empty table (I used to hate customers doing this when I was a waitress and noticed the staff clock me as I retreated back to our table with the stolen silverware. Queue the embarrassing moment when we finally get the waiter's attention and give a very British supererogatory "sorry"). The sandwiches were poor. Clearly refrigerated for a long time as the bread was a bit soggy and some of the fillings were stuck into the bread. I only noticed this as we were a tad curious what exactly we were eating: there was one filling in particular we couldn't figure out. It looked a bit like egg but tasted like cheese. We concluded it was egg and cheese. Now I LOVE an egg and cress sandwich (you will always catch me and Uncle Pete anchored by the egg sandwiches at family parties) so was quite surprised that, on later seeing an advert of what was included in the afternoon tea (this was my b-day surprise, after all), it was actually egg mayo and mustard cress! Sounds delish but tasted far from it. The chicken tasted a bit off, so we left most of those sandwiches but both blamed our later dodgy tummies on these. Salmon sandwich was great, 5*, can't fault those, but cucumber sandwiches were far too soggy, presumably from being refrigerated for some time. Maybe we had Sunday's leftovers? On the plus side, the cakes were absolutely delicious. Can't really fault those. But for £20 per person, it's really not worth it. Apparently my boyfriend had asked for something special in the online booking, that was repeated again in the voucher (that was abruptly asked for at the beginning of our meal) but went unnoticed, so that was a shame. I had a wonderful birthday regardless but the Urban Meadow Cafe experience added nothing to that. The service was slow, inattentive, verging on impertinent for an establishment that presents itself of the highest quality and the sandwiches are bland and lacklustre. Next time, I'mma just stick the kettle on and overindulge in M&S' pastry selection. 
had a sandwich here in a very busy café down the main street in whitton, as the breakfasts at the winning post was terrible 
Saw this 2/3 course groupon voucher and they were doing a promotion on their website (groupon) 15% so instead of paying £39 for a 3 course meal paid around £33. The interior was nice but basic wooden chairs and table. We were given our set menu and I noticed that a few things were missing from the menu that was on groupon, I explained it to the waiter he then went to speak to the manager. She explained to me that groupon have the very old menu and that the things I wanted they werent doing it anymore, she said if we saw something we like from the starter list she won't charge us. We didn't like anything so we ordered the fried calamari and garlic mayo sauce, i was very dissapointed the batter was saggy and wasn't holding the calamari so asked them to change it, it was much crisper but it still didn't make a difference to the bland taste. The main course was delicious salmon with veg and baby patatoes we order extra sides sweet potato fries and macaroni and cheese, the macaroni and cheese was £3.75 but the waiter said when you purchase 2 sides it is £4 so we went for the amazing deal. My dessert was Eton mess and he had a small tub of strawberry ice cream, my dessert was okay. The proseco was really nice. They didn't charge us for the extra sides we bought which was very nice. 
Whilst the food was reasonable I was not blown away by it and frankly for the money I could have eaten at a good restaurant in W1, that said a a lunch venue I could see it working but not evening  
Super crowded Chinese restaurant especially around weekends. It’s known for the Cantonese style roasted duck. They could even de-bone the duck free of charge. Duck was ok. Other dishes were quite average. It might be better one amongst Chinese restaurants in London, but certainly not impressive if compared to those in Asia. 
A friend who lives in London recommended this restaurant and so we decided to give it a try as our hotel was nearby. We ordered dim sum and were disappointed as every dish was either too salty or oily or both. There are plenty of less highly rated Chinese restaurants that serve better tasting and higher quality food. Will definitely not recommend to friends. 
The staff is saying it in jest when he/she announced the roast duck is the best duck in the world when it is brought to each table. It is not the best roast duck you can find in London and other countries. The duck meat is not awful but ordinary. The skin could have been crispier and it surely can do with less oil and salt when preparing it.  
We ordered a duck, vegetable, bean curd and steam pork. Everything was salty to our taste and food was just average. You can get better Chinese food elsewhere. They gave free soup of the day. Otherwise, the place is packed and full. Make a reservation before you come.  
I ate breakfast here since I was staying at the hotel. It's fairly typical of hotel buffets but with a few improvements. The first thing I noticed was their fruit is cut into real pieces. My last hotel diced the fruit so tiny it was hardly worth taking since you got the equivalent of a sliver. The other is they have lots of yummy breads/muffins and jams and a good cereal/granola option. 
We had booked online but was not on the reservation list when we arrived, it wasn't an issue as it was not busy and we were soon seated. Upon seating we were asked if either of us were vegetarian or any allergies to which I replied that I had a nut allergy, the waiter that seated us we then didn't see again. I am not sure if staff training was taking place during our visit but a waitress tried to take a drinks order whilst my partner was in the toilet and the our drinks were taken to the table next to us. There was a manager following them around having to give basic prompts all the time. Having told the waiter of my nut allergy we were presented with a chocolate cake that containing nuts and macaroons (contain almonds) leaving me with limited options. It was pleasant enough overall but staff didn't feel particularly welcoming. 
We only visited the cafe. The homemade lemonade is great. The food was quite poor for the price. The halloumi sandwich had 2 slices of uncooked halloumi which made me quite sad.  
I've eaten at Panna's on several occasions and the food and service is very hit and miss. Some occasions we've had great food and some occasions we've had awful greasy food. You can call and order food for take-away, but my experience of this has been poor. Most recently they answered the phone by mumbling and then put the phone on the side and left me for 15 mins! Needless to say i didn't order any food and went to another restaurant instead. The previous time before that the food was swimming in oil and not enjoyable at all. Will i come here again? Not in in a hurry! 
Hear a lot about this restaurant. The roast duck was good... juicy and tasty.  
Interior could do with a spring clean, food freshly prepared and tasty, but expensive for what you get. Service rather slow. 
Food is better than one expects. Used as the breakfast room for the hotel in the morning, it is open as a restaurant and bar for the rest of the day. Service is not great and there may be some communication problems with some of the staff. Food is good but menu is limited. 
Buffet breakfast continually replenished, reasonably good selection, though not much variation on a daily basis but adequate. Restaurant light , bright, modern, clean, well presented, overlooking Bayswater Road.Very good atmosphere and location. Very enjoyable sipping an evening cocktail in the adjoining Bar watching the world go by on busy Bayswater Road. 
Enjoyed a quick and hot buffet breakfast. Typical English food; nothing spectacular. Did not seem to have much beyond eggs and meats with breads.  
This is a strange one, we have been twice, once on a Sunday afternoon, and we had a fantastic meal, very tasty and hot and served with a smile, and a great time was had by all. We then went on a Friday evening, and things could not have been different, the food was rushed, not particularly hot and quite tasteless, nothing like we had on the Sunday, the only difference was the amount of customers they had, it seems they cannot cope when busy which is a shame because the food was good on the Sunday  
Was staying at the hotel and decided to just stay close for breakfast before catching our cab to the train station. We did not buy the breakfast package as part of our stay, and glad we didn't because it was very expensive! We were able to pick a seat; my husband and I both ordered Eggs Benedict. It was good, but nothing to write home about. I'd recommend searching for something better around the city! 
Breakfast buffet continually replenished,reasonably good selection,not much variation on a daily basis,but adequate.Restaurant light and airy,overlooks Bayswater road, good atmosphere and location 
Polite service, no thrill interior and disappointing weeping tiger which was a skinny sliced steak and bitter black bean sauce poured over the meat. 
I visited at 10 PM and had three dishes chicken, Prawn and pork.I couldn't tell you the names as they were thai and I cant even pronounce them but they were fine. No problems. 
The food was good, the service was good, but I didnt like the "total only" bill 
My main gripe was not about the quality of the food. What I ate was nice enough...steamed rice, seaweed, and Tofu with vegetables in a non descript sauce. Nor was it the service, which was good, and we got free oranges and handwipes afterwards.  
Much larger restaurant than it appears from the outside. Great for a group of friends and had a nice feel. The mixed grill mezze was very tasty but the flavours generally too strong. The garlic was overpowering and the calamares were far too salty to be nice. 
Had a takeaway from here as have wanted to give it a try. Not bad food, just lacks something. Had the pad Thai and it wasn’t that flavoursome. Dumplings were overloaded with sauce. That said, I would eat here again. 
The food was flavoursome, portions were big, but service is somewhat lack lustre, they need to fix up, also we asked for coffee and they said the machine was out of order for 6 months! 
Visited this place a few times to try out the roast duck. I'm not super impressed. The duck is quite tasteless though the texture is good. Much of the other food is quite delicious, although I believe it's because of the MSG. Food here is quite expensive as well. 
We took too long to ordered because it was our first time and we couldn't decide what to eat. The waiter and waitress was gossiping away saying that we took too long to order. When we ordered, they continue to gossip how that we are chinese but speaks in english. Im sorry. I dont speak chinese at home, at all. So my Chinese can barely create a proper conversation. Food was ok. Portion was huge. And slightly pricy.  
Well we tried Megans Wimbledon out last night for our first visit. We are an older group of 4 people. The service was friendly if a bit amateur. The food is unexceptional though the menu is quite unusual. The problem for us was the noise level, which will I fear preclude further visits. When will restaurants realise that this is an issue for some customers? 
Having recently returned from Bangkok we thought we'd give this place a go. 
Staying in the Notting Hill area were we looking for a Chinese restaurant. 
After a failure from another restaurant that evening we chose this. Nice staff, fast and good service. The food was amazing and divine !! 
Megans has a down to earth but chic vibe. It is prettily decorated with flowers on the ceiling and walls. Very instagramable. Staff were very warm, humorous and friendly. Two off us had the bottomless brunch. The food was lovely, I had eggs royale and my friend had the Megan’s breakfast, which was substantial. I could of eaten more. The bottomless has a good variety including Bloody Mary, prosecco and pimms. You are to select one off these drinks at the beginning. These are fixed through out the 90 mins but the waiter kindly let us have a Bloody Mary to start. 
We have dined in this restaurant many times and ordered a number of takeaway's without fault. Today I was left a little perplexed when I dropped in to order a takeaway pad Thai only to be told it would take over an hour? On other occasions it has taken less than 10 minutes to arrive - I got the feeling the manageress wasn't all that interested in my small order. Great food just don't ask to take it away.  
I like Thai food , fragrant, delicate and , usually, delightful service. Thaidine could have been perfect for me as a "local" being within easy walking distance. But, sadly, I am not sure I will return. I attended midweek lunchtime with a business friend and, at 1pm , the restaurant was empty and I mean empty. During the course of the next couple of hours there were hasty visits from two or three couples who took the lunchtime special( it looked good value) and disappeared. Despite this and the fact we were dining and drinking well ( for me a nice bottle of Chablis), we both remarked that the waitress did not seem particularly keen for us to linger and there was no offer of a drink or anything else at the conclusion of the meal. However, I have nothing but praise for the kitchen and its chef as we enjoyed an excellent mixed Thai starter which I followed with those beautiful, big freshwater prawns and some soft, sticky, rice noodles. My friend had duck , which was no so appetising as he has an aversion to vegetables and the pieces of duck looked grey and lonely next to the egg fried rice on his plate. I finished with ice cream, which I had to send back to have the "fresh" cream ( I guess from a spray can) removed, and particularly enjoyed the chocolate. 
the restaurant was very nice with plenty of space. the food was very good. Portions were very large, 5 onion bhajis to a portion, 4 pieces of Tandoori chicken for a starter. 
When we four diners first arrived at the restaurant, we were shown to a table far away from the main seating area to a remote corner table by the window which we didn't like. After we protesting, we were moved to a table ideally suited to us in the heart of the restaurant dining area.  
Service is good. Food is westernized. Pad Thai noodles is way too sweet compared to Pad Thai noodles in Thailand. Grilled pork Thai spicy salad is cold. In Thailand it's hot dish. 
I've been to the Thai dine a few times over he past 3 years and feel that it's lost its personality along the way as its become a busy restaurant. The food is good and some dishes are unrivalled but some are average. We were a party of five seated at the back of the restaurant rather cramped in a corner but not uncomfortable, fortunately we are all average build. the staff are very friendly and helpful when ordering but seem to struggle to keep up with the demand, there's an imbalance of too many customers, not enough staff but good food reasonably priced for the quality. It's clean though quite noisy as the crowd compete to have their conversations heard above the others. I wouldn't rush to go back there but wouldn't out rule it completely. 
Visited this restaurant on a Friday night. there was nothing exceptional about the decor, place was clean and functional. Food was quite tasty but quite small portions and nothing out of the ordinary. 
Met my daughter and her husband for breakfast at the weekend. Good coffee, delightful waitress who came from the Philippines ( sorry didn’t get your name )  
Pannas has gone a little downhill recently with expensive food that is not outstanding as one would expect. 
You may have heard of this rather famous name through some sub-par influencers. Being a part time influencer myself, I went to check it out to see what all the fuss was about. Firstly, it’s a Turkish restaurant, don’t be fooled by the name. Expect kebabs. Secondly, it is located on the Kings Road, home to some high end brands, restaurants and socialites, so don’t embarrass yourself. The exterior design fits in well with the surroundings but the wooden approach on the inside doesn’t work for me. Lastly and most importantly, the quality of food just isn’t up to the price tag they stamp it with.  
good restaurant for cantonese food....roast pork and roast ducks were good to try....service can be a bit hit and miss.....not too friendly staff... food quality is not bad and the price is reasonable// 
Stopped for an early evening meal here as my train was cancelled. Lovely tranquil garden, very relaxing. However like another reviewer mentioned the place had a slightly grubby and dusty feel - especially inside. Service was attentive and food was fairly good, although I have eaten in their Battersea branch and found that was much better. 
I went to Megans for my sister’s hen party. We started with champagne downstairs and then went to a private room upstairs for dinner. Both rooms were decorated with white blossom which seemed very suitable for a hen party. We were a party of fifteen so only just fitted into the room around a table. At times the traffic noise entered the open windows. The staff were very helpful. We started with a taster platter of bread, dips, spring rolls etc which was tasty. Then we were given platters of salmon and beef. The cooked salmons fillets were delicious but the other guests reported the beef was tough. The salmon and beef was accompanied by chips and cooked tomatoes and couscous. . The dessert was delicious brownie slices. We had coffee and wine. It was a reasonable price and fun venue for the hen party. Food was generally adequate though we were a large party of fifteen.  
I've been going here for a few years now - the previous owners were very welcoming and the food portions were alot bigger and it was cheaper. The current owners are completely the opposite - sour faced women with the bare minimum on the overpriced dishes. The food tastes ok, but if I had a choice of another Thai nearer I would go there to avoid the sour faced ladies. 
I had a business meeting set up at this restaurant and had a bad experience before, but I thought I will give it another try. It's improved from the first time but there still is room for improvement. The starters were ok but the mains were not so nice. The presentation needs to improve as well. 
when we arrived 7 of us I had not been told on the phone that lunch was only buffet. Well we were all sat so we decided to go for it. 
Its ok food, for the area i guess is the best. But nothing compare to Rosa or Patara. Waiters was not smiling at the beginning and starts smiling afterwards! 
Generally a good brunch BUT:I was told I couldn't have the mushrooms because "the soya sauce has gluten in it"!!! I mean, really, it's not rocket science to get some gluten-free soya sauce! Come on guys.. 
The food here is always great which is a good enough reason to always return. However, it would be nice to have a warm welcome and friendly manner. Either for dining in the restaurant or collecting takeaway. Price wise its fairly toppy. None of the staff are that friendly and we cannot say the service is very good either. I am not alone many friends complain about unfriendly manner but the food is top class and def the best Thai food in the area. Takeaways are on offer (not at a reduced price either) but they always take over an hour, IF they agree to do it which is not always the case. Please, a smile or too and hello would you like a drink while you wait for order, would no go a miss. Many a time you are sat down and wait quite a while for offer drinks crackers etc. Such simple things would raise many peoples opinion of Thai Dine. Even when booking a table they have a brisk and haughty manner - something which could easily be addressed. 
Went out for a Saturday night meal with my parents. On arriving we could have been met with more enthusiasm. Our table was downstairs which had lovely white table clothes and comfy high back seats. The waitreses outfits were lovely thai dresses. 
Came here recently, food was OK although the coffees took around 30 minutes. 
An excellent venue, ample parking but too long a wait between courses - although excellent service but I believe kitchen let the side down. We had pre ordered our meal so the Kitchen knew well in advance! Apart from that good clean place enjoyed the evening. 
Food is fine. Many of the dishes pad Thai especially are too sweet and you need to ask for further spice.  
We had a family meal here on a Saturday night and whilst I appreciate that it is a busy time, it was not the most comfortable of venues - even though we had booked ages before we were squashed in a corner on a makeshift table and when the people in the table behind us came in the chairs were touching and it was too tight for comfort. 
First time I went to this place was over a year ago. Back then it was starting up (miss matching cutlery etc) food was ok.  
We booked this reastaurant for a family meal, there were 22 of us including children. The food was buffet style, it was okay but had to keep asking for naan bread. There was limited choice for vegetarians which there were 4 snd the staff were not to helpful. We paid half for my grand daughter but they didn't charge a 11 year old because my 7 year old grand daughter is tall for her age. Not to impressed and not going to hurry there again.  
The lunch we had there was decent but unexciting - and the portions very big. The smug continental in me wondered whether too many concessions to British tastes had been made - which would explain all the positive reviews. 
The exterior of The Thai is that of a pop-up restaurant - a lack of signage means you could walk past it if you were looking for it by name - but the interior is well laid out and comfortable. The menu is extensive and varied, although the starters selection would benefit from an overhaul. The constant pushing of (very expensive) alcoholic drinks is a personal bugbear and the Thai was guilty of this - the waitress looked somewhat outraged that we wanted to order food straight away! Whilst we did order a couple of beers once the food arrived, the beer selection was limited to two options and the non-alcoholic options revolved around fizzy pop, which did not inspire. The food was pretty good though - the Tom Kah Kai was superb and the Duck Jungle Curry was well made and fairly authentic. All in all, a good experience, but the Thai needs to maintain a focus on detail and resist resting on its laurels... 
Been looking for a good Thai resaurant in the area for very longtime! So after reading the reviews, which stated that it served good authentic Thai food, we decided to book a table early one Saturday night. My partner always orders chicken satay and if they have ribs I usually have them. The satay was the worst we have had as the chicken was very dry and they must of just put them on a barbecue, cos they tasted as if they were smoked and the satay sauce came out cold, my ribs were ok they could of done with being marrinated in there sauce, instead of coming out with a dripping of sauce over the top of them. We then went on to have green curry,coconut rice,pad Thai and a prawn and chill dish, which were well below average. Such a shame as we have been looking for a good Thai resurant for a while now, oh well keep on looking, but hay the prawn crackers were ok! 
We have been here quite a few times and generally the food is really good. We had one occasion when it wasn't but we just put that down to a bad night. The service is good, but there is one lady ( who I think is the manager ) who can be abrupt and brusque to the point of extreme rudeness......but actually she is so abrupt it is actually really funny (a la basil Fawlty). I would recommend , just be prepared to be barked at ........ 
I've been to panna's a number of times and to be honest this had to be the worst visit. I had been in a over a year and couldn't understand why the standards had dropped. 
This is still one of the better Indian restaurants in this area, and hence worth a visit if you haven't been before However, those of us that have been before, the restaurant is not as good as it used to be. In the time it has been open there has been little change to the menu which means that it all becomes a little repetitive, and once a year is about how often one can go. 
Was hoping that I'd just had an unlucky bad dish first time invented and seeing as I live beside it I thought it only fair to go again but once again long wait for food, lousy starter that just tasted of fried nothingness and a gloopy thai curry. The rice was good. Can I go back to a restaurant because the rice was the best dish. Probably not. The outside is also a real eye-sore crying out for signage. Because Chislehurst is affluent with locals who eat out regularly, and it is the only thai, they are banking on guaranteed custom without really making an effort. Or at least thats what it feels like. 
This place used to be better, anyway, i liked the food.I loved the girl who took the drink order, she was natural and helpful to choose,it was very good beginning.but then came one guy to take the food order,he wasnt polite,he talked with someone in the wall,i didnt like it at all. food came fast,i cant say anything bad at this point.so it wasnt so bad and me and my family will came back. 
A family dinner was booked at the last minute for a busy Saturday night. Unfortunately, the service was somewhat slow. The preset menu which we ordered via email three days prior was not recieved and so even though we called and let them know what we had ordered, there was a long delay. 
very disappointed by relatively long wait for food. greasy fritters, worst pad cthai i ever had! over sweet swimming in cheap sweet chili sauce, not enough crisp veg or peanuts for bite. also other noodle dish was bland and too much soy sauce.  
The reason we went to Panna's is because we are all vegetarian and they have 2 separate kitchens, we were about 26 people including children, as it was the weekend they offered us a set menu and it was quite busy. 1st problem was there were not enough seats put out for how many we asked and we waited 35 minutes before any starter came. when the food came out it was nice hot and fresh. the mogo was lovely and everyone enjoyed the paneer. the service was ok, but slightly slower than usual. The mains were nice too they make a spinach and sweetcorn curry which was lovely and paneer tikka masala was lovely too. when it came to the desserts we didnt want any and we informed them as we had 4 cakes. we personally thought the set menu was expensive for a vegetarian menu as the meat menu was the same amount.  
I visit Pannas once per month to meet up with friends. The service is always with a smile but variable. I always enjoy the food, my favourite being the chicken labada. 
Perfectly acceptable but nothing to write home about.  
Been to Pannas quite a few times over the years .Being asian it is hard to find a good Indian restraunt in east London but I must admit the food at Pannas is the best by far. Freshly cooked and not greasy at all. The only down side is the poor slow and sloppy service . Waiting for drinks to come after ages being reminded about ordering further drinks and bottles of water.But it is agood laugh that's why we keep coming back. But they really need to inprove on service ,decor,table arrangements and the most annoying thing of all not changing plates and cutlery after starters. 
If you are from HK, don’t come here, cannot compare the quality. If you are Asian and not from HK, this is good. Especially if you have been getting too much other London food ... Italian mainly. 
The ambience is really great but the food is just about ok.  
Be aware that you will not be able to check your bill unless you can read Chinese! Rest assured that they will have added a service charge of 12.5%. Absolutely. And then...there will be 'an opportunity' for you to add a (further) gratuity on the card-machine! This practice of duping customers into thinking that service has not been included in their bill is unacceptable - especially when one is unable to read any of it in the first place! 
I have been visiting this restaurant for a few times and love the roast duck although I admit that we can get something better in Hong Kong or even Malaysia. Remember to reserve a seat or be prepared to wait. The lobster noodles weren't great and I find the noodles too soggy. Remember to ask for the price of each lobster and confirm the number of lobsters before placing your order. The service here was okay despite the large crowd. 
Restaurant was crowded, the Chinese foods were just "Okay", too oily for my taste. I honestly feel Four Seasons Chinese Restaurant was actually better. I think this place is just too overated. 
The restaurant was very cramped, hardly any space to walk between tables. Although we had booked a table for 4 and were already comfortably seated by a waiter, we were told to move to an even squeezier corner to make way for a bigger group of diners. The dishes were served very quickly. Portions were big enough. Apparently we also had to eat very quickly and the plates were cleared as soon as we finished and the bill appeared immediately even though we did not ask for it. We were told we couldn't stay on as there were others waiting. What a rush meal! 
Stopped here for a quick lunch after traveling all morning. We had a couple of plates of noodles and some dim sum. It was ok. I wouldn’t go out of my way to eat there but not bad.  
Have had some very good meals here previously, though the 3 dishes this visit were pretty average. The Fried Noodles with Mixed Meat was a bit flat and the Braised Belly Pork with Yam pretty good but lacking in deep flavour. The Stewed Lamb Brisket hot pot was the best dish I thought. Bill for the 3 dishes including a bowl of rice and pot of tea plus service charge was £45. Maybe best to stick to their best dishes, like roast duck. 
I have been to Panna's quite a few times & have always enjoyed a lovely evening there, but last night I have to say the service was terrible. When we were seated we was offered a table right next to the Singer which we wasn't too keen on as we wanted to be able to have a chat without being drowned out by the Singer so we asked if we could possibly be seated elsewhere.  
Nice food. Find the portion sizes are half of other local Indian restaurants. Food taste is technically by any better hence poor value for money. On the plus-great atmosphere, east parking and good service.  
We went as a family with small children. High chair was dirty and had to clean it myself! The service was overall good but the prices were very high for what you actually get. Although the food was good. 
This place was recommended by a friend but I didn't think it was particularly special.The service was better than most Chinese restaurants. The salt and pepper ribs were not great. I Would probably go again and try other dishes. 
I stepped into the restaurant pretty much knowing it would be a rip off, but thats because Im comparing to Asia's standards. Service was prompt, and our food came fast. We had the century egg congee (tasted plain with little bits of eggs and meat), prawn rice roll(good with generous fillings of prawns), salted egg lava bun(good), combination of roasted meats (duck was pretty tough not good IMO, soya chicken was good, char siew was not too bad), oily vegetables (too salty but only had the stem), soup dumplings (normal, nothing too fantastic). Oh, the egg tarts are good btw. You can come here if you want to get some Chinese food desperately.  
I went here for my birthday dinner, our main course and starters were delicious however the deserts were not nice. No one at the table ate more than 2 bites of the brownies. The waitress kept forgetting my meals i had to wait 10 minutes for my starter and another 10 minutes for my main after everyone else at the table were already eating. There was a £15 service charge and we decided to only tip £10. The waitress was really rude and came up to us and made a big scene that we hadn't paid the other £5. She made the whole party incredibly uncomfortable and we are only students so don't have that much money anyway. If the service and food was amazing then we would've tipped more. 
Yes, well erm I was sort of expecting a traditionally cafe. I had an Megans all day brunch which was the nearest I could see to an English breakfast. The sausage was fine, the toast was fine, the tomato mix was different and quite enjoyable in a warm-spice kind of way, I didn’t warm to the mushrooms and the bacon was too fatty for my liking. 
Came here for breakfast and found the food/drinks very average and overpriced! Wouldn't recommend unless your taking advantage of one the promotions as I don't think its worth the premium prices. 
We used to absolutely love going here, but we were disappointed that the menu has changed and now is exactly like the one in Parson's Green - I miss the old menu and it seems more like a 'chain'. Service was also slow and disorganised, but regardless of all this we had fun and it is a good spot for dinner with the girls as the menu has lots of healthy choices. 
Food here very tasty and I don't say that easily or often, it really is a class above most similar places. 
This restaurant has become very popular for its Cantonese roast duck and queues are consistently long. My family hasn't dine here for a while as there are better comparable restaurants in London. Our family of 4 adults had a dinner on a weekend. The roast duck was shockingly poor in terms of temperature, texture and taste. Other restaurants in Queensway serve better roast ducks cheaper. Our steamed fish was average as was the braised tofu with assorted meats. The stir fried kailan (vegetables ) was relatively below average .Our table was cleared up as soon as we had stopped eating even before we ate the complimentary sliced oranges. This restaurant is now all hype and customers are over charged for average food at best . Even same standard takeaway fried rice and noodles are more expensive than nearby restaurants Our family would definitely not recommend this restaurant.  
Hmm ... so: 
We went for brunch and were seated in the courtyard area which on a chilly day in April was cold. The heater nearest us wasn't working. Blankets are available and were eventually brought after asking 3 times. It was also very echoey in this part which made conversation difficult. The service was indifferent unfortunately and the Bloody Mary's very poor. The shakshuka with halloumi was the best things about it. Definitely better places in London for brunch. 
Food was great. But, made a reservation for 7pm, informed the employees when we reached but they did not care about us. Manager rudely told us to wait outside in the cold and that we will be called soon. Got our table at 7.30pm instead. Great food but mood spoilt. 
Visited this restaurant recently with family, one of which is Thai. We were very impressed by the food and the portion sizes. However when we returned one Saturday night without a reservation the manageress told us that the restaurant was fully booked which is fair enough but it was her offhand attitude that really made me angry. We won't be going back!! 
I am Asian and I love to explore local Asian restaurants in London this is a very small and good Chinese restaurant where you can see so many Chinese to dine, the food is really good 
Everyone told me to go and try this place and I did. The que was long and it depends on who the captain likes, get to go in first. So, be nice... 
Restaurant at 150 Bayswater - North Side of Hyde Park. Part of Doubletree by Hilton. Very courteous wait staff if not very fast. Note: Paula from Argentina was exceptional. Food is good. When ordering breakfast the stripped bacon is similar to American Bacon. Breakfast Buffet is overpriced (about $25.00 US Dollars) but is the only way to get anything fast in the early morning except a coffee and Danish which you should ask the bar manager for.. Recommend ordering from the menu - it costs less. Tea service is not very elaborate. Have a coffee or drink on the Patio and watch the people parade. Just hope that a middle eastern fellow doesn't light up next to you when you are eating. A non-smoking patio would be nice - or, at least a non-smoking section as a minimum courtesy to paying guests of the hotel. 
A shame - we did enjoy the quick service but we were there quite early before the crowds - food was good but left a bit of a sour note when we thought that the bill seemed rather high for what we had and am sure we got overcharged.  
I would like to compare roast duck with 4season. I found roast duck at 4season is better than this store! 
Had a craving for Chinese food after traveling in Europe for almost two weeks. 
My son and Daughter booked me in for Mothers Day which was a lovely surprise..... my daughter had read the many reviews and was excited to be taking me there 
This place was beautiful and the food was great, however it was not worth paying £18 for the bottomless prosecco. They were not attentive when it came to topping up and I must have had no more than 2 glasses and my friend even less which is obviously not good value. Considering it’s only for 90 mins and not 2 hours like most other places I was most disappointing that they didn’t try and compensate for this by at least making sure you got good service. Would recommend this place for food but not as somewhere to visit if you are looking for a traditional bottomless brunch, which is a shame because like I said the setting was beautiful and the food was delicious. 
The roast duck is good but the service is so poor, it might not be worth eating there esp if wait staff like Feng, a plump Chinese woman is rude and arrogant and to top it all, even forgets to put our order in.  
One of the best Chinese restaurants in London. I really liked the dumplings and the special rice. The duck is amazing. 
I was desperate to get a duck for dinner, and found this place on here, but unfortunately it was nothing more then regular dinner. Not saying it was bad, but my noodles were full of oil without much of taste, the duck was kind of tasty but without any sauce...not that good as I expected  
Visited for brunch on a Saturday woth a group of friends, the staff is polite and helpful, the menu is quite limited and the quality of food average, but good value 
The three of us wanted a snack , so two ordered the burger , one wanted it medium rare the other wanted it medium , the waitress had no idea then the manager came and told us that all the burgers were well done, hmmmm? we said oh well ok l ordered the Adana kebab, which was told it is spicy l said again fine, but boy was it spicy which l dont mind but the was way toooo spicy , why ?we were told some people ask for milk to recover, so does this mean that the food is already cooked, then warmed up 
Staff friendly, however service was not great. Starters arrived before drinks, had to ask several times for our drinks.  
Limited range of ales, only one on our visit! The London Pride was OK. But no ESB or atmosphere was dissapointing. Perhaps lunch time is not a good time to visit. 
We booked this restaurant thinking it was Nathan Outlaw of which we found out it hasnt been for around 10 months, so our fault for not looking into it in more detail. The fish selection was good and they had my favourite John Dory! I found the restaurant too bright and as it was not busy felt being watched constantly by the waiting staff. However the food was okay, cannot compare to what it was before. Probably not return as there are plenty more places to choose in the area, we were shopping at Harrods so thought it would be a good place to go. I think if you were staying here you would be happy with this restaurant though. 
Nathan Outlaw has moved and is no longer cooking at the Capital. Please amend this listing. The restaurant now serves very basic hotel menu. 
This place has its good points, but in all honesty, it is over-rated and definitely over-priced. Poor value for money. Beware 12.5% service charge. They say it's "suggested" but they take it without asking you. Caveat emptor! 
If people like grill chicken and fries it's the best place to eat and the price is average suit everyone badged , good for families or students . 
If you have ever visited hong Kong and been to their restaurants you will know what I mean. Undeniably the food is good but the service is poor. We went gold mine on two nights, the roasted duck first night was really fat and oily, while the second night duck quality was better. 
Food is always excellent in nandos but I'm not recommend to visit this branch in cold weather as it very cold inside the restaurant. Everyone wear jacket while having lunch. 
We booked Outlaws as part of our foodie trip to London. We had lunch and at £69 for three courses is good value for London. I had the cured monkfish followed by the fish of the day which was a very generous portion finished of with St Clements Pavola. It was nice for lunch but we were not sure we would go for dinner. All in all a good lunch. 
I have been attending Gold Mine for a few years now. Over the last 6 months it has worsened. First it has expanded with a larger kitchen. However, the wait for food both sitting and as a take-away is too long. I first noticed the ridiculous increase in prices for the same food in October 2016. At that time the receipt was also in Chinese. I am not Chinese therefore find it annoying as my receipt could have additions. Suggestion: Ask either for a breakdown of the receipt or for it to be in English. Another very annoying thing is that when ordering more than one bowl of rice, all orders will arrive in one bowl. I had to add another order to rice as there was not enough for four of us. The same applies to items like wonton soup. Who told this company that 3 wontons would be enough for me?! Today four of us ate and the one big bowl of soup supplied 3 wontons each. Not impressed, especially as the prices are high. The 'seasonal vegetables' should be 'seasonable vegetable' as it is only one vegetable. Ordered one portion of diced pork with cashews as well as other dishes. I certainly was not full on leaving £70 lighter! The take-away provides a better option with regard to portion sizes. Finally the most disappointing thing I noticed on this occasion and prior to this, was that the chinese waiters fall over themselves to serve the chinese patrons, while the non-chinese are left waiting. As a non-chinese my receipt was no any less than the chinese patrons. Really disappointing!!! 
13 Sep: Despite a recent refurbishment both the small bar and the restaurant itself lack any kind of design or special feeling. Instead it feels utilitarian: my dining companion compared the bar to an airport lounge! However the bar service and cocktails were very good. Service in the restaurant was acceptable but nothing special, with some slightly too long waits for drinks / menus. Food was great, with some delicious fish dishes in particular. I wouldn't choose to return as when dining at this level I want the bar / restaurant to feel luxurious (modern or traditional, no matter) and the service to up its game, all to complete the package.  
Cosy bar area serving great cocktails. All staff were very friendly and attentive. I had done a little reasearch before and chose this restaurant because both myself and husband love seafood and the menu looked great value for money. When we ordered we thought we chose the DAILY MARKET TASTING MENU. Five Courses Including Wine Flight £60 per person. 
Nando's feels like KFC with cutlery. It is tasty chicken with lovely chips and Peri-mayonnaise is to die for, but essentially KFC with cutlery. 
I will be honest in this review (not that I am not in my other ones). Whenever people talk about Roast Duck in London, Gold Mine and Four Seasons comes into play. And having tried both now, I am pretty sure about the difference. 
The lovely over grown old garden is now a just sea of fairy lights. The food used to be amazing - i had a very tough quiche and salad. Best to stick to the brunch menu. Service was non existent, as there were lots of big tables. I had raved about it to the friends i was taking for lunch. Very disappointed. I can only assume that Megan has gone? 
The Gold Mine restaurant is popular for lunch and dinner and is conveniently located on Queensway, just off of Bayswater Road and Hyde Park. Worth the stop if you are hungry. 
Found out about this restaurant via London Restaurant Festival and had promotional menu. 
My daughter and I visited outlaws for a special treat for her birthday on Friday . We booked the taster menu. The service and surroundings were lovely. The 4 fish courses on the taster menu were very average , boring to look, tiny and really lacked some garnish and colour and quality you would expect with a Michelin star, they tasted very average too. We enjoyed the additional cheese course and dessert and both agreed that if we hadn’t done the wine parring we would have been very disappointed. For a bill in excess of £400 really not worth it 
Had high expectations for this restaurant considering the reviews. It is a small restaurant. The decor is classic and elegant. The service is good but too formal for the type of restaurant. The food is average. There is no doubt that the restaurant uses fresh ingredients but the taste is bland and the combination of flavours does not match. My wife’s dish was boring with no taste at ll. I was disappointed and could not comprehend the Michelin star.  
Appreciate it was a busy Sunday lunch but our staters arrived at different times, had to order the wine twice and then the veg arrived without the mains. They only arrived after having to find a manager.  
This seems to be a favorite place for teens for lunch--the chicken wings are good, the sandwiches are good as well..nothing special--just a step up from McDonald's or other fast food places. Don't need to go back there again...maybe dinner would be a different experience, but I doubt it... 
We went on Saturday evening, so very busy. Queued for 30 mins for table, another 20 mins for order to be taken. The food arrived quickly, but as Chinese go, not that special. It was relatively inexpensive, but I think that was because they got the bill wrong! As the bill just had the total on it, I can't really say. There must be better, elsewhere. 
The Goldmine was busy, which is often a good sign for a restaurant. We ate the 24 pound set menu, which started well (good soup) but went downhill in a mass of food that seemed to be full of MSG or something... In any case, we didn't finish. Service was friendly and welcoming. 
we stayed at a hotel in Cornwall a few years ago and eat in the restaurant which Nathan had fantastic. I took my friend today to the Capital. Excellent food. When paying the waiter said Nathan cooked your lunch today. Why when so few in the restaurant did he not come out and speak to customers. I have dined in many fine dining restaurants and all the chefs come out the kitchen. Michael Roux in particular. Wish the waiter had not said snything. 
This review should be read in context of Mitch Tonks food with wine choice and service from Outlaws. I have posted an equivalent review on The Seahorse restaurant Dartmouth. 
The experience started well with good G&Ts from a knowledgeable barman. The sommelier was vacant and managed to produce a tepid bottle of white wine after a 15-minute wait. The chef is obviously fixated with coating everything in a tough breaded concoction which resembles a tennis ball - ref the cuttlefish starter and the profiteroles. The breaded fish main was dry and unpallatable. We returned the profiteroles with the tennis-ball exterior and Ready-Brek filling with a comment. We didn't receive a response. Such a good hotel. Such a mediocre restaurant.  
Discovered this pretty little brunch spot in London. Great atmosphere, friendly staff but food is average.  
Was good food but a bit expensive, also the service was quite rude, that they would not let you seat if all your group is there. 
So after many years of walking past goldmine we decided to give it a try: 
Cute interior for brunch. Ordered some shaksoumi, huge portion, ok but some slight amendments would've made it better; maybe taking out the huge bay leaf which took over my whole palette, and thinner slices of halloumi would have been more palatable and grilled better. Great service, really attentive. Not bad but not great.  
I love Megan's and have been a few times. The food and atmosphere are great but my most recent trip was disappointing due to poor staff. One simply hovered and didn't seem too bothered, took our order and then seemed to forget it, another served us entirely the wrong drinks and though we were quite clear about what we'd ordered he was insistent that we'd gone for something entirely different.  
We visited Outlaw's a few weeks ago whilst in London for the weekend. Having dined in a few michelin star restaurants, we were quite disappointed at the overall experience in Outlaw's.  
Would start by saying that the staff and service were great. However, the set lunch menu was rather disappointing. 
My girlfriend goes to this restaurant very often, staff was friendly, service was decent. Ordered the stuffed tofu, a stir fry pea tips and a whole roast duck. The roast duck was decent, crispy skin and well cooked but tender, they do not eat it with plum sauce unless you asked for it. The meal was expensive by Canadian standard. Overall an enjoyable meal 
V fatty crispy pork rice and small portion though crackling nice. Small portion but nice duck. 
This restaurant is situated close to the cinema in Richmond town centre. Outdoor seating is available. We were welcomed and seated quickly. The table layout is quite cramped, making it challenging to move around the restaurant without knocking into diners. Having chosen our meals I hadn't envisaged such a long wait to order. There was only one person taking the orders and he appeared to be getting side-tracked with other tasks. I waited well over 5 minutes, probably nearer ten before my order was taken. The person serving me didn't mention that Green and Orange rewards were available after I presented my Nando's card. I only spotted this when I looked at my receipt. Meals were served promptly though and food quality was good. 
If I had ever thought about I would have said this was some sort of Indian restaurant but it turns out to be South African. Two people in one week told me about it so I tried it. It's chicken. Bits of roasted or maybe grilled chicken with degrees of heat in the flavouring from mild to blow your head off. It's one step above do it yourself but the food is very fresh and surprisingly tasty. We drank Redbush iced tea as a nod to the South African roots and the total bill was just over a tenner a head. Cheap and cheerful indeed. 
I went to try out the roast duck, soya sauce chicken and roast pork in several chinese restaurants along queensway. I noticed the standard is almost about the same, perhaps from the same supplier! 
Located a 10 minute walk from Richmond Station. This Nando's is the cosiest one I've been into, it's smaller enough to feel that person touch. I had the Portobello Mushroom and Grilled Halloumi with 2 sides. It was very warm inside and the customer service was on point. I look forward to visiting again soon. 
I had some delicious food here tonight but the overall experience was let down by some service issues. 
Good enough food, well cook and presented but nothing special to us. It does not mean its not great to others. Pleasant staff and environment is good/pleasant.  
Gold Mine is a regular haunt of ours when birthdays come around, as the food is good. Until recently we as a family would often have a takeaway. That though is where the similarities between eating at the restaurant and taking away ends. To celebrate my mother's birthday, I thought it would be a nice treat to eat at the restaurant. The food came quickly and tasted good. However, the alarm bells should have sounded when we had to find the meat which consisted mainly of vegetables or onions. When the bill came, what would have a been a £50 meal was over £70. Add a couple of canned soft drinks and that took it over the £60 mark. But when I asked why the bill was so much, I was shown the small print at the bottom of the page which stated there was a 12.5% service charge. That's another dish we could have had! I wouldn't have minded if we had alcohol, dessert or they had brought the food to the table from a distance, but we were almost sitting on top of the food lift. Had they spoon fed me I would have happily paid the £70. They don't even take American Express. Interestingly a few doors up, the Four Seasons restaurant was busy by comparison. I wonder of they have a 12.5% service charge? 
Nando's undeniably has good tasting chicken burgers and an awesome sauce and bun. 
Fine here for a quick lunch or dinner for around £10 with a bottomless drink but definitely not as good as it used to be and portions are getting smaller. Still good for quick and healthy chicken plus a few nice sides - spicy rice , chips, macho peas etc 
We order roast duck, crispy roast pork belly, pepper beef on hot plate and stir fried bean sprouts. Roast duck and crispy roast pork belly are not as good as Four Seasons restaurant. Pepper beef is good. Stir fried bean sprouts is so so. Four seasons is still better. 
Very quiet on a Saturday night with strange 70's jazz music. I was expecting to be dazzled by the food as I've heard so many great things out their Cornish restaurant... but it was just ok. The wine pricing is outrageous and one of my guests made the obvious "outllaw" joke. Why can't you have a decent fairly priced house wine or is that governed by the Capital? We had our dinner in less than hour and left underwhelmed. I'm sure we just picked a bad night as we're big fans of this chef. Perhaps it is better for lunch? 
Having had an exceptional visit to this restaurant earlier in the year, we decided to re-book on our next visit to London. However we were disappointed the experience was not up to the previous standards. On arrival in the bar, they didn't have the whisky my husband ordered and were not knowledgable about a good substitute. They proceeded to make a meal out of creating the cocktail I ordered, so we were sat without any drinks for a while. Although the food in the restaurant was good the customer service was a catalogue of errors. We placed our orders, then the waitress persuaded me to change my main to the special. However, when our meals were brought out they gave me the special and my husband the dish I had previously ordered before the waitress changed my mind! When we explained the situation we were made to feel it was our fault, particularly when the maitre d' came over to 'kind of' apologise! I also believe we missed out on the pre-dessert as the table next to us had one. Overall, although the food was good it wasn't exceptional like last time. We don't really expect to be fussed over, but the customer service was not as good as the last time we visited. Hence I have booked somewhere else for our next London visit. 
Please get your wine list sorted out and teach all your staff how to open a bottle correctly. Remove the foil using the small knife at the end of the waiter's friend corkscrew, and then take the cork out with two movements. That's how its been designed to work. Please also get someone who knows about restaurant wine lists to select some interesting wines and get rid of all those tired old wines you obviously have lurking at the back of the cellar. 
We are generally happily surprised by the quality of the set menus offered by top class restaurants on the Bookatable deals so we expected this one to be good value too. We normally use these menus as a gauge as to whether we will be likely to return and dine from that restaurant's full menu. Sadly this experience was quite uninspiring, just like the décor of the restaurant, and also the attitude of the fellow attending us. He had no pizazz about him and seemed a little arrogant unlike the Scottish (?) lady who also attended us who was lovely. The cheese bread was amazing and on reflection I should have filled up on that. The fish soup was hardly 'fishy' at all and the breaded lemon sole was more crumb than sole. My husband really enjoyed his lamb but since this restaurant specialised in seafood I felt it best to go that way - obviously to my detriment! The pavlova pulled the grade back up slightly but it was all just 'so so'. 
The ambience was really great. Felt like I was in entering a fine dining experience. I'm probably not totally qualified to offer a full review of the taster menu, but I will. I was all very small and totally not what was advertised. Wine flight guy was superb though. Extremely pricey ... Bill came to £425 !! which cannot be warranted, 
The dishes do taste quite close (authentic) to those at home (Singapore/Malaysia) but that's only when compared to average places. I suppose it is rather good by London standard (for Chinese delicacies). There is another within the same block within walking distance which I would rate a little higher (just a tad tastier and less oily).  
This restaurant serves excellent food, so for this reason I want to return but the service was pretty much non existent when me and my partner dined here back in January. 
We went here because my wife was craving "English chineese food" and they had great rating. In the dining area where it was full upon our arrival there where mainly asian customers wich to us was a good sign.  
Went for dinner here on a Saturday night. We had the three course a la Carte menu. We started with a cocktail. The champagne cocktail with gin and lemon had two lemon pips in the drink! 
Good food, nothing exceptional with a fairly restrictive menu. Ambience of the room is good though if bigger would be better. Wasn’t blown away by the food or decor. 
Had dinner at Outlaws at the Capital last night. Having heard all the rave reviews (king of fish etc) we were really looking forward to it.  
the duck was succulent and delicious. other dishes like sweet and sour pork or ginger prawn just ok, nothing to write home about. service spotty. they advertise student discount but always find a trick not to honour it. recommended if in the area, but not worth traveling across the town to eat there, better options for chinese in london 
We had eaten breakfast here before but this was a first for an evening meal. It was a bit of a comedy to start with as they took us downstairs then updatairs for our table which we had pre-booked. The food in fairness was good with some interesting dishes on the menu but the service definately could be better. The staff were pleasant enough but they didn't appear to be organised . 
Our introduction to this restaurant was in the form of a rather perfunctory welcome, and unfortunately this presaged the situation for the rest of the evening, for, with the notable exception of Alessandro, the excellent sommelier, the staff were rather below the level expected of a one-star restaurant, and inevitably we had to draw an unfavourable comparison with the Port Isaac team. Once we had been seated there was something of a hiatus before we were able to give our order, which was rather a contrast with the swift service of the dishes on the tasting menu, a feature perhaps of this being a hotel restaurant. Luckily there were some nice rosemary bread rolls to supplement the one canapé, smoked cod’s roe on a seeded cracker, but we were soon tucking into the starter, cured fish in the Outlaw tradition. This one was whisky-cured salmon, the whisky to the fore, the saffron kohlrabi accompaniment very good with the salmon and not at all overpowering and the horseradish yoghurt was a nice touch. Although octopus used to be a turn-off for a lot of people we’ve always been keen on it and after ten seconds in the deep-fat frier this version was not bad, along with some cold slices, a useful bread sauce, almonds and a tarragon sauce which came through very well. We are always pleased to have brill which is one of our three top favourites, and here the fresh, tasty fish was boosted by a super deep-fried (again) oyster, a parsley, rocket and mint hollandaise and well cooked kale. Being familiar with the wonderful Porthilly sauce in the Cornwall restaurant our curiosity was raised by the appearance of Port Isaac sauce with the bass dish. The difference between them, this version being darker and with a different taste and consistency, was explained to us as being down to which locality the shellfish were obtained from. The bass was good with a nice crispy skin and was an interesting match with the sauce. We passed on the cheese and the desserts were soon on the table, my wife having a very light custard tart with a lovely gingerbread ice cream and quince, the other being an attractive mix of stout cake, plain chocolate mousse, ice cream and kumquats. Overall we felt that the food was not bad, but the experience was not up to the standard we would expect from such a highly-rated venue. 
Wide choice of Meals and all cooked to order. Can get Extremely busy and tyhen you have to wait quite a while to be seated and place your order. 
My fellow travellers like Whitton Cafe - I go because that’s where they want to go. 
After wondering around Kensington Palace, my mother and I ended up having a lunch here. When we arrived we were only given the general menu - We had to ask for the cocktail menu and also the special two course offer that they were advertising outside! The cocktails were great as was the salt and pepper squid starter!  
This looks like a wine shop but has a restaurant/sitting area behind. It’s very popular so you’d need to book at popular times especially if you want to eat here. We just went for a drink. The wine list is extensive and each wine carefully described. It’s all a tad pretentious and expensive with wines starting at £5 a glass...... and the seats are uncomfortable. 
Small ex-half shop. Wine OK but too expensive. People seem to like being looked at drinking wine on the pavement, as a "find" in an old working class area. 
Having been to Megan's before for breakfast a few times I thought I would bring family and friends for dinner. The setting is amazing in the garden which is why I thought it would be a great location for my birthday. 
Took a break from shopping as this restaurant is very convenient to Knightsbridge shopping area. Had drink in bar before lunch; however, multiple workmen changing light bulbs above bar and cleaner vacumning carpet too. Not a very pleasant start, nor relaxing break from noise of shopping area. No one appologized and it seemed normal by appearances - not a good start. Was moved to dining room on time for reservation, but placed right by enterance, asked to move and was. By this time I wondered if the food would be worth it, though the bream was good the rest of the surroundings let it down. If you are a solo diner at lunch, this may not be the quiet resprite that it was billed as. Very interesting, as part of the family who own/run this hotel is a woman, thought it might be more aware of a solo woman's dining needs. Food was good, fish fresh - the rest of the experiance was not. 
It’s a real shame that I can’t recommend this restaurant as the food was actually very very good. The paneer was the homemade kind my mum used to make and the chilli broccoli was lovely. The kebabs were moist.  
Literally, the floor close to the skirting boards is really dirty....obviously a mop is used that doesn't get close to the edges. The decking outside could also benefit from a thorough brush. Toilet shabby. It was very busy on a Friday lunchtime, locals I guess, don't they notice the general crabbiness? I know the cafe has a shabby chic vibe but should be a cleaner shabby chic, no excuses. 
The restaurant itself is very pretty and decorated with fairy lights. It makes a good first impression. However, it is fairly expensive - around £10 for breakfast, plus £4 for orange juice, plus 12.5% service charge, and the quality isn't wonderful. I have visited Megan's twice since being diagnosed as coeliac. On neither occasion did they have gluten-free bread, in spite of telling me they did when I ordered, and in both cases the veggie breakfast was slightly disappointing. On one occasion they forgot the baked beans. On another the spinach was gritty. I haven't been back since, but would maybe take a friend there sometime as it is a nice place to sit and chat.  
Went for a dinner in the garden, floor uneven, staff inattentive, drinks spilled (due to uneven decking floor), tables too close to each other so people brushing past knocked pepper pot etc off the table, and two obnoxious groups of cocktail swilling 20 somethings ruined the evening by shouting, cheering, yelping and chanting. We'd hoped for a romantic meal under fairy lights, but didn't get a moment to talk over the racket.  
I have lived near Megan's for almost four years and have really enjoyed all my visits but I have noticed that the standards have been dropping recently. 
Menue and atmosphere of this place do not seem to match? this is just my feeling.  
I'm one of those that do not need to eat Chinese food when I'm travelling. However, friends who were with me, had wanted to try the famous London Duck at Gold Mine or Four Seasons. We choose Gold Mine as another friend of mine had recommended it over Four Seasons. While it was nice to eat Chinese food after 2 weeks of being in Europe, I felt that it was average. If one really needs to eat Chinese food, this is not a bad place to go. In terms of location, it is just a 2 minutes walk from Bayswater Tube Station. 
There was so much hype about this establishment that we endured the 35 minute wait for a table. The seating system seemed disorganized - a party waiting was skipped because they did not hear the waitron announce their table was ready and was given to others. Our group consisted of two Chinese Singaporeans, one Malay and a westerner. We ordered the set menu comprising soup, vegetables, sweet and sour chicken, beef and the duck. The portions were terrific, but the duck was average at best - being warmed up in a microwave. At £18 per head, London is bursting with choice of Asian cuisine and though adequate, I have certainly had equivalent, if not tastier, Chinese food. 
Good chinese restaurant serving the usual Chinese favourites including dim sum. Cannot fault the food or the service, although, it is at the pricier end of the scale out of the Chinese restaurants in Bayswater. 
Great coffee 
I thought the soup was good but the back door was left open whilst we were eating while the rubbish was being cleared away so we spent the whole luncheon looking at an open door with bins. I don't think the salads need a serious upgrade. Cauliflower very tough 
Firstly it should be 3.5 stars but you can't do that!  
The seating spaces are very nicely decorated and are not crammed. A pity the food is not necessarily up to expectations with some failures on brunch.  
If you’re looking for a night full of surprises, pop down for a quick pint at he three tuns. I’m always wary of bars with bouncers on the door, but I was in for the first surprise of the night as from the outside the bar seemed quite dated, but it was surprisingly open and contemporary. The next surprise is the quality of the food. With a mainly Indian menu the barbecue chicken tandoori was succulent and rich in flavour and very good. The pakora we ordered to go with it was surprisingly huge in size and overall portion and was more then we could finish. The nachos plate was also huge and could have fed a group much larger than ours. And the last surprise of the night was the bouncers springing into action and ejecting a few patrons who were obviously having too good a Friday night to end. So whether it’s the food or the clientele you’re guaranteed a night of surprises. 
We had lunch here on Saturday. The cafe seemed quite smart and had a good atmosphere. Service was fine, if a tad slow. The food looked good and was well presented, but unfortunately turned out to be rather bland and uninspiring - some herbs or seasoning in the burgers would be good! Nothing wrong overall - it was perfectly acceptable, but with so many other dining options available we'd have no reason to seek this particular place out again. 
Too much hype, sadly it doesn’t cut the mustard. Would like to return if the service, food and serving food improves. Food also bland, lamb chops were burnt. 
It's haunted. Things kept moving and someone touched my shoulder. I had a toastie and my partner had eggs benedict or something like that. There is definitely a ghost in there though.  
Been here a few times for brunch and always liked it, especially sitting out the back with twinkly lights etc. Food was great today but service was painfully bad. Asked for coffee twice and never got it in the end. The food itself was great. Staff look like they need someone to help coordinate what's going on.  
I went here with a group of girlfriends for a surprise birthday meal. The venue itself was beautiful with lots of fairy lights. The atmosphere was fun quite a young lively group. The food was good however the service was much to be desired it took us nearly 2 hours to get starters. It was a busy night but they should have planned accordingly and not be so under staffed, we didn't even get an apology from the waitress for having to wait so long. However we all did have an enjoyable evening. 
I found this place a little odd... I love fine dining and something just didn't click for me. 
rather bland, food was expensive for what you get, wasnt that hot, beer well expensive. sorry guys but will be giving you a miss unless things change for the better, including stopping drugs in the gents 
Megan's could be so great, but I have to say the food does let it down. The actual restaurant is fabulous and is always so buzzy with a great atmosphere, the service is great and all round is a fab place to go. Just need to work on the food aspect and it would be a great place. 
The good bits, friendly staff, large potions and quality ingredients. Stick to the curries as garlic king prawns were of the "mums gone to Iceland" variety.  
Called in just before closing. Service very quick even brought bill for payment before we had finished. 
We booked for our wedding anniversary and liked the look of the restaurant and the bar, although the bar is a bit cramped. We had pre-dinner cocktails and a couple of tables around us were a bit loud and overbearing. We went in for dinner and order 2 courses with both having the great crab scotch eggs to start. My wife had the cod with brown prawns and I had the speciality which was turbot. When they turned up the cod looked and smelled delicious, the turbot looked good but when I cut into it the outside was lightly cooked but the main centre was still raw, cold and pink. I mentioned this and another was offered. I chose the cod instead and my wife asked for us to eat together so her dish was also replaced. When the new ones appeared they were very nice. We chose a pudding to share but we were brought 2 on the house. When we got the bill, we had just been charged for 2 courses which we felt was a very classy thing to do.  
Having been before for just wine, I was a little disappointed to be honest, both with the food and service. The Camembert and tomatoes had run out - and the £14 cheese board was on the small side of what I expected - with three slivers of cheese, about 10 biscuits and a small pot of chutney. Service wise, it was just a bit slow and soulless, and not quite how I remembered it from previous visits.  
Hmm, may be I was right I caught it in the middle of refurbishment. But I did notice no further comments on the "excellent curries" promoted!  
The food was lovely and the atmosphere was nice. However, it was a disappointing ending to the evening despite being loyal customers to this restaurant for more than 10 years. When we got our bill at the end of the night, it did not seem right to us. We asked to have it double checked because from our calculations using the menu online it was way off. The waiter was not friendly about this and when I checked with the menus they had given us (which was the same as online) we realised they were charging higher prices in our bill than the prices on the menus they had given us. When I explained to the waiter this was the reason we had thought our bill was off, the waiter was very standoffish. The waiter explained that prices have gone up, which I 100% understand times are hard. This I do not have an issue with, however it is very wrong to advertise the incorrect prices to the customer. The waiter did not apologise and did not want to hear it. The excuses were everything was shut during lockdown so menus could not been changed. I think this was a pathetic excuse, you could manually change the prices or simply make the customer aware when they are ordering what the new prices are. I’m very upset by behaviour of the waiter and the dishonesty. I want people to be aware when they are ordering, the prices they see are wrong. 
The food here is okay, but the restaurant is far too noisy. Gone 8 and there are children screaming, babies in prams, not for me. 
Food is good but ordering for a delivery and waiting two hours is unacceptable. Communication is poor.  
Phoned to ask if halloumi was served with salad was told only lettuce but they offered extra salad if a main was bought nice touch and decent size although I think they should make it as a main or offer basic salad with it, was told they couldn't deliver as very busy which is fine but when partner went to collect it didn't seem busy. Partner ordered chicken shish which they forgot to add the chicken! when I phoned they were apologetic and it arrived within 10 minutes! chicken shish was decent, cooked well and nice bread to  
Pub looks so dull, tired and old. The location is so good but it hasn't been used to its advantage. Very few benches outside the pub to enjoy the sun. Curry was fine - butter paneer and paneer pakoda was good. Naan bread was really good. Not the best pub for Indian curries to be honest. 
The food was good but unfortunately not outstanding and the actual restaurant is very small and in need of new decor. I guess it lacks atmosphere and a bit of a buzz to it. 
Lunch with my wife. £200 bill. The set lunch is available for £33 ( 3 courses) but we went for the summer menu at £62 ( 3 courses) and also had half a bottle of wine and couple of drinks. So first of all you are paying a lot more for the summer menu, is it worth it? 
Just could not speak to friends. Good for a boys night out. Through it all felt safe, but confused due lack of informant.. 
The meal was really nice. The flat bread was lovely and the baskets were replenished twice, alongside the yogurt and chilli. Our food was cooked really well and the presentation was good. 
I ate at Outlaw's in Foy 15 years ago, which was one of the best meals I have ever experienced. Sadly, which is maybe unfair to the restaurant, I compared yesterday's lunch to that one and it was not of the same caliber. The fish soup was good but not wonderful. The main course of blade of beef, again was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The dessert was a great disappointment, the meringue was as hard as a rock and the accompanying pavlova not very exciting. So I left disappointed not to have found the magnificent culinary skills of Nathan in London.  
Food was ok, much as expected, but didn't seem like they always use the best ingredients. 
Outlaw's has a great reputation based on the dining experience provided at its main restaurant in western England, and that is reasonably replicated here. However, the menu is basically only fish items. As someone who likes a variety of foods, I find their menu to be very limiting. The Capital Hotel had some great French food chefs for decades, and I would prefer that type of food so it sort of dampens my interest in this restaurant. 
Finally got round to visiting this new restaurant, hoping for great things. However, we ended up disappointed. Not an expert on pizzas by any means, but however 'authentic' ours might have been, they were too doughy and soggy to be very enjoyable. We shared a nice starter of mixed meats, but somewhat let down by having to ask for bread and oil/ vinegar, which should have been on the table in the first place, and just about sums up the level of the staff! All told, very unimpressed - prices are high for the quality on offer, including a non-discretionary 'service' charge. Won't be going back - nicer pizzas available at Carluccio's, or even Pizza Express. 
The food was average, although the menu was interesting. Service was so so. The main problem was the fact that both of us had upset stomachs (to put it mildly) the next morning. 
We enjoyed the food and ambience, staff was quite friendly. Although we tried several dishes, Veg Briyani was too spicy to eat. Overall we had good experience but not friendly choices for small kids 
Tried this place on 2 occassions. First time had Pav Bahji. A mushy and greasy texture/buns not really flavoured but dabbed with ghee in one spot. Second time chickpea curry. Nice enough but not as spicy/flavoursome as menu suggested. Very small portions and dishes used are not same as their menu photos so deceiving presentation. Its OK and not too expensive but needs an injection of fresh flavours/attention to authentic detail as its all a bit bland and mushy. 
This is a mixed review for me. I arrived before my dining companion but when he arrived they didn’t mention I was already there so he stood at the bar waiting. 
Being around the corner from Harrods in Knightsbridge, I guess we should have expected a little stuffiness. The mainly fish dishes were exquisite but just a little fussy and delicate for my taste. The treacle pudding was VERY tasty.  
I went with a few friends here for lunch. 
It was impossible to book a table as there is no online booking service and no one answered the phone despite calling several times on different days and times. Met at the door by a moody Maitre D''. However he did find us a table. Good enough pizza but quite heavy. Very lively and busy. Waiting staff were very busy but did their best. 
As I love fish I was really looking forward to eating here but I was disappointed. There was nothing really wrong with the meal but it was just rather ordinary. I ate from the set menu and perhaps the a la carte is better but I won't be tempted to try it. 
We went here with my grandaughter and friends to celebrate my 60th. It was ok - the staff were attentive and the food was ok but it wasn't worth what we paid.  
The first thing that stuck me about this restaurant was the elegant dining room where the background music was turned down low. Too many restaurants have noisy distracting music. This one didn't and I liked it. The other thing that struck me was the staff seemed to have lost their joie de vivre. Why so glum? Its not North Korea! There was an eclectic bunch of diners in the restaurant that evening though and the elderly couple at the table next to us listened to our conversation for the whole evening and seemed to enjoy it. And so to the food. One of my companions who has a food allergy asked the waiter what dishes were suitable on the menu. She was presented with a large book a few minutes later with allergy details. In a restaurant of this standard the waiter should really know which dishes were suitable for a common food allergy. 
Asked for a large grill.. Only 2 small pieces of Chk Tikka NO wings.. We were told Niblets were wings???? Load of farce bad experience would not recommend at all 
Delicious Italian style Pizza, tasty and rich of toppings. Reasonable price and good fast service, just avoid to order “Tagliatelle with Ragù”, the sauce was like eating tomatoes sauce with minced meat. That wasn’t a Ragù I’m sorry! Except for that was a nice experience, 
We recently moved to High Barnet and tried this authentic-looking Italian restaurant. Really like the vibe, the staff are very friendly and there’s a varied menu.  
Waiter brought our drinks and promptly dropped them on us. He swore whilst ineffectually trying to clear up. No apology even though I was soaked. 
I've eaten here twice since it opened - first time a weekend lunch with family, the second time an evening meal with a friend. Both times I left feeling underwhelmed.  
The food was nice but below our expectations. The staff were very attentive. We probably would not return. 
Me, my partner and my 1 year old went here yesterday for dinner. We got there around 7.15pm and when looking from the outside you would not expect to find what is inside. The outside does not look so appealing and it looks pretty small so when we walked in we was pleased it was nice and open. Seating was not too bad and there was enough space between everyone (Covid regs) . We was seated quickily but not asked to sanitise our hands even though you would think in a restaurant they would ask you to do so (we did anyway). Once seated we was given a menu but it was not sanitised before handing it over to us.  
The food was delicious, but the service was awful. Long waits for drinks and food to arrive, for orders to be taken - in fact the only time they were prompt was to bring the bill! 
Took my Mum for afternoon tea. The hotel itself is lovely, the staff are very polite and the building very grand. 
Nice food very rushed service to the point of them hovering over us while we ate and a bit disappointed that it was nowhere any think like his place on the rock which is one of the best meals I've eaten in my life  
Nice place with very kind people. The food was not a must, for our italian taste, by comparison with more traditional chinese food . Good french wine 
Service was bizarre! Asked if we were ok every 10minutes but then food took an age to appear and we were one of the only ones there eating! Food was good when it arrived though with good portion sizes! Fish and chips, burgers and lamb koftas all sampled. 
Essentially a well run large, obviously very popular, cafe. We were impressed with the service - plenty of staff. Busy kitchen visible from the seating area. Clean tables. Nicely presented foof. 
I've been here a few times before so I know what it's usually like. Had a portion of fish and chips and the fish was nice and a good size, my only issue was I found far far too many black chips, you always get a few and I understand it and except it but maybe I had a bad batch but all I will say is I didn't have to feed the dog much that night. Maybe quality control needs a bit of attention. I will visit again  
Had a really nice tasty lunch for a big group here. It has great hearty well cooked and presented food. Very friendly staff and brilliant value for money :)  
My husband and I stopped into the Waterman's Arms on a whim while visiting Brentford. We were immediately drawn in by the gorgeous, quaint, welcoming exterior and thought we'd stumbled upon the perfect place to have a traditional British Sunday lunch.  
Not much to say really - really welcoming pub/staff - food, beer all good. No reason to complain, no reason to rave. Would come back again if/when in the area  
Went here with my sister,was ok nothing special,bit pricey,Didnt think much of food,Staff was friendly 
For those of you who live In Chislehurst...this is not Nene café/bistro. It is just a caff, but it is on Royal Parade. So, ok, the full English does include a couple of those nicer than average sausages, but please, don't get carried away! Last time I was in there, I ordered the chicken kebab/chips - was very so-so. In fact, the chicken had more of a Indian/tandoori flavour...odd. AND...they served re-fried chips. I hate that!! Don't do that - just annoys folk. Over all, it is just what it is: a caff, but in the rather nice part of older Chislehurst. 
My boyfriend and I went there because it's close to our's. Good beers (cheap) and the burgers are pretty nice. The atmosphere is pleasant. We will come back for a pint. 
For a Tuesday fairly full and a light cheery enough atmosphere. A really nice range of beers, I had the old English a dark beer and served without a head (now you know I am a Northerner, which I don't like so much, need my beer moustache). The beer however was very well kept, pulled well and went down great after my 3hr road trip across London! 
Looks welcoming from the outside in contrast to other offerings in the area but actually this place is dead average. Fish and chips were soggy and bland. Bordering poor. Beer was flat and tasteless despite looking OK. Suggest you keep looking rather than pin your hopes on a good experience. Warm welcome and friendly despite average food and beer. 
Reasonable range of options. Jacket potato undercooked. Limited range of alcoholic drinks. Nice coffee. 
We nipped in for a quick lunch. The staff did not seem very interested and whilst the service was ok it was not very friendly. We just ordered a couple of Biryani dishes which were ok at best. No veg and just a bit of sauce cooked in, rather than on the side. Tasted like basmati rice with a bit of meat and a little spoon of sauce. Prices as high as better restaurants in the area with no lunchtime special (that we was aware of). Lucky to get a 3 to be honest but not horrible. 
Went to Miran Masala a few times it used to be a nice local curry house but last time I was there the quality of the dishes were gone! Needs a fresh air to go with back to old good days 
Well a small restaurant opposite London Olympia. Looked very busy so thought I would give it a go. Was OKish ! Chicken sheet kebab was great but the main Lamb okra was poor. No real taste and land was fatty. So would I come here again ...no.... for a cheap Uber ride there are plenty of better restaurants around  
We looked on Trip Adviser for a nice fish and chip restaurant, we found hi tide.  
We were at the Olympia for a trade fair, decided to eat at this place last week, I had a Nihari as a meet dish, it was well made. They must improve the veg dishes as my wife and daughter were dissatisfied also they had diarrhoea for 3 days running. 
I thought I'd try this restaurant via deliveroo as it had a good range of vegetarian dishes. The portions were generously sized. Just as well as all the vegetarian dishes seemed to come as mains rather than sides. The sag paneer (spinach and cheese), masala bhindi (okra) were great and the dahl makhani - the main reason for choosing the restaurant - really good, as was the peshwari naan bread. The only disappointment was the vegetable biriyani as the rice had a really offputting vinegary taste to it. Not sure whether some sort of citron had been added or someone had just sprinkled vinegar on by mistake, but either way it wasn't great. So I'd avoid next time.  
Short and simple. That's how I will be doing this review.  
We visited on a Wednesday evening so it was quiet (if you discount the group of 5 Americans who were intent on sharing their conversation with the entire restaurant!).  
Although the food I had was very nice, they forgot part of the order completely. 
Stopped to grab some quick lunch for my partner and son, very mediocre the pies had been under the heat lamp for so long there were extremely hard to cut and so dry, this is not the first time the meal from this particular take away has been disappointing, there are other fish and chip shops in the area will give them a try next time 
I love the food in Walnuts, but I actually like to finish it before the plates are whisked away. It is bad enough when they start clearing one person's plates while others are still eating, but taking a plate while I'm still chewing the last mouthful is just rude! 
This is another good Pakistani restaurant in west london. Their prices are reasonable and their dishes are good but can be better.  
Ordered poppadums and water. Waitress forgot the water. Took forever t9 get anyone to take my main course order and retake the order for eater, even though the restaurant was almost empty.  
I nipped in for a quick lunch this week, and was the only customer the entire time I was there. The service was quick, though not particularly friendly. 
I decided to eat here for the first time yesterday, and left with mixed feelings. 
Very friendly staff. Bought rice and some chicken tikka masala. It was not bad, but I prefer it creamy. And it was not. They do not serve alkohol, but they allow you to bring your own, if thats important for you (I did not) 
Honestly I enjoyed very much at the spinach paneer n chicken tikka Marsala at lunch. It was a bless to my palate. However it wasn't a good treat to my stomach: it's the most greasy Indian food I've ever eaten. Half a bowl of chicken was immersed into oil n it was obvious to see the same happens to another dish. It's relatively cheaper than others I've visited, but it doesn't justify the poor service they provide. If u like to try good taste Indian food n have a robust stomach, this could be ur option.  
Reasonable service and average food - but we didn’t have to venture out in the cold! The vegetable pie was tasty and hot and the steak pie ok but unadventurous. 
I've tried this place a few times now and because the portions kept coming up small I started to ask for a large portion, but they just came up the same size - small. The food was nice though and the staff were friendly, but I think I'll be using one of the other shops next time.  
food was ok bit pricey! drinks were over budget an flat tables and cutlery weren't clean...service was slow , wont be visiting again. 
We were obliged to stay one night at the Crowne Plaza London Heathrow as we missed our flight back home from Chicago. So we had dinner at this restaurant located on the ground level of the hotel. We had the chicken tika massala served with rice aside and a dip for the piece of Naan bread, we also had the chicken sub sandwich served with potato chips aside. The food was average not tasty nor bad. Service was acceptable. 
Steak was tasty, good ambiance for having group dinner. Need to improve breakfast and bring some variation with chicken and beef, it was 100% pork.  
We ate here the night before flying from Heathrow. The food was OK however we did feel that the service was rather rushed; the restaurant was busy but not full. 
Polite and friendly greeting from the waiter and seated with menu card promptly. 
The personal is very guest orientet. The resturant has good food.The room was cleaned every day. Nice area. 
I always visit this place when working at Olympia.  
very basic inside, they moved someone sitting at our table waiting for takeaway, food was good and so was the price but it was an average experience 
We went to try without know about the spot. 
The Nasi Lemak was excellent, with fried chicken as the main meat and the sambal was authentic. A chefs special on the menu. 
Came in really hungry and was disappointed by a long wait. Eventually got some of the food, which turned out to be really good, but had to wait extra for the rest so everything got cold. The waiter was doing his best but something must have gone wrong in the kitchen or communication among the staff. I regret this negative review because I think this place could really do a lot better if they shape up a bit. 
This bar seems always to be busy. 
The food in this place is average, but it's a lottery as to how long you'll wait for it. 
We were 5 adults about 8:pm on a quiet Wednesday Evening. The place is really nice - a hotel and the staff very friendly. We ordered our food 5 main courses then after about 45 mins were told they had written the order down wrong and we were getting something else but not to worry as we would like it. Okay we don't mind that. Then another 45 mins later 1.5 hours after ordering the food we didn't order turned up and was lovely. The rice never arrived but we were thankful to eat before the expiry date on my credit card! The food was great, the staff was great - i think chef may have been having a bad day as it shouldn't take 1.5 hours to stir fry 5 main courses. Other people we also have a similar experience and one table didn't bother waiting - they left. Probably a one off but thought i may as well share my tail. Food & Price was good and the staff were 'happy' if not always accurate. 
Dined last night with my 5 colleagues, we had called ahead and booked a table. The welcome we received was less than inviting, and we were made to feel like we were an annoyance, not paying customers! This restaurant is not licensed, which isn't too much of an issue as there is a tesco nearby and they were more than accommodating when we asked for wine glasses etc. The food was good, tasty and well priced, portions were of a good size and the value was excellent, especially for London. Meal for 6, just mains, rice, naans and poppadoms came to just over £90. Although this place is lacking atmosphere and any charm it does good food, depends what you are looking for I guess. 
​Had refrained from visiting this restaurant for a few weeks, but thought give it another go. Had it improved? no.... The staff were as slow as ever, chatting amongst themselves at the bar, it wasn't even busy and we were ready to pay trying to get their attention. The food had slightly improved (pasta actually wasn't dry and had sauce!) The new manger seemed like a nice guy, it was more once we had paid on card, the staff member Jordan's eyes skimmed straight to the bottom checking for gratitude (I always give change £3-£4+ cash rather than on the receipt) and after hearing him make a sarcastic remark about us leaving no tip (didn't think we could hear) - I held on to my change. Shame because I do enjoy eating here when the food is nice and the atmosphere is pleasant, the staff just need to up their game and appear more professional and fast paced!!!!!!! Wouldn't survive a day in somewhere like Central London! 
The website claims it is not like other hotel-based restaurants. I'm afraid it is. Not a lot of atmosphere and a big screen TV blaring away.  
As you can see by the photo, it is very dark in here !! As per my review of the hotel it is a shame as it really spoils it. Also not approached for a pudding course or second drink. This is a shame as the food is good and the staff are friendly when they do speak to you ! 
What I ordered sounded great, what I got was daal with tiny bits of lamb flakes in a runny sauce. Cheap, tasted ok, no licence to sell alcohol... 
The quality of the food was good, the service was friendly and efficient. The ambience of the restaurant was rather gloomy. 
We decided to eat here at the tail-end of our holiday for convenience. And the convenience was the best part, because the food was average at best. Everything apart from steaks seemed to be pre-cooked, the chips were crappy McCain specials. £3.50 will buy you an incredibly small desert spoon full of coleslaw. My lemon and tarragon chicken was OK. Our server, Farah was very good indeed. She seemed to take most things in her stride, despite it being quite busy. The kids buffet was pretty poor. More frozen fayre. Food has moved on in the world since 1996, unfortunately Orwells are still in the dark ages. You'd get the same at the Hungry Horse for a 1/3 of the price, and it probably came from the same frozen distributors.  
Varied Menu. Although fish dishes somewhat lacking in actual fish! I could only find 1 piece of squid in my dish & pasta was stodgy and heavy going! Lively, Chatty, ‘Over the Top’ waiter Jordan, meant well with his ‘Instagram cleaning stories’. Seating/tables rather close to one another, not private enough for my liking. 
Private dining meal for my executive team. It was all pre-ordered. 
Compared to our last visit we felt that the quality of the food had dropped. Equally, the service was poor this time. They have a very strange system for paying the bill at the end of the meal - They expect you to queue up at the till! I was not prepared to do this and asked a waiter to bring the bill. After a very long wait (10+ minutes) I asked again and was told the till was very busy! After a further 10 minutes the bill had still not arrived even though there had been nobody paying at the till for some time and there was a group of several waiters stood around it chatting. This is not the sort of system that befits a quality restaurant within what they wish to present as a luxury hotel and does tend to spoil people's overall experience. I STRONGLY SUGGEST THEY THINK AGAIN AND COME UP WITH A BETTER SOLUTION. 
Looked for a pleasant oriental restaurant to go to around Paddington and came across this place. Is part of a small hotel and humble building 10 mins walk from the station. The staff gave us a warm welcome and restaurant was bright and well set out. On the food front the menu was extensive but we were somewhat surprised about the portions when they came., not generous and made the whole evening expensive for what we had. Saying that the food was tasty, 
The decor and ambience is good. I enjoyed the pizza and calzone I had. They have free wifi. Service is quite attentive.  
A brightly-lit "cafe" style brasserie. We were there with American business guests and they thought it was good, but personally I thought it very average. Crowne Inn is, after all, an expensive place to stay and I think the food should be better. It was edible fodder and nothing wrong with it, but nothing very inspiring. 
My wife booked a surprise visit to this restaurant. We had the tasting menu which was nice, but not as flavoursome as I'd hoped, although the smoked salmon mousse amouse-bouche was amazing. The venue was slightly lacking in atmosphere, but perhaps it was because it was a quite lunchtime. 
My husband and I were looking forward to eating here being fans of Nathan Outlaw, however we were disappointed. The staff were good however after a good first course both our main courses were bland and uninspiring. We asked for reasonably priced wine to pair with our food and were given very expensive wine ( didn't realise until we got the bill). I'm no wine expert but I've eaten in enough Michelin starred restaurants to know that you don't need to spend £20 on a small glass of wine for it to match well with your food ( not sure who's fault this was? Perhaps the waitress thought £20 for a glass of wine was reasonable?!)  
Tried the Lamb Biriyani & Dal Tarka and found it to be good. Reasonable prices for London, but the portion of Dal could have been bigger (Based on the cost of raw ingredients to make Dal). Would recommend this restaurant for an 'Indian Fix' ! I will return next week for their mid week lunch buffet £5.95.  
Had been to this restaurant with my wife. It's not so big restaurant but they do have a basement floor too. 
Ambience pleasant enough but food was far too salty and overcooked to our taste. All four of us found the meals salty. My husband remarked that his steak was overcooked and I would not have recognised my meal as monkfish, again overcooked. 
Food was good,value for money. The staff very good. We had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert with honeycomb ice cream. 
Meal was not bad I guess, lamb was tender and sauce was hot 
If you don't care about the appearances this restaurant offers good food at an acceptable price. It's not a large space, but it's very clean and the service is rapid. Very traditional dishes.  
I had lamb chops and naan for take away.Very good lamp chops and naan.They made fresh then and there and gave it. Worth the wait.The place looked clean. 
Beautiful space in a hotel with very good service but the seafood was a letdown.Very bland with very little "presentation" for the price and space. Excellent wine list but pricey. 
I tried this restaurant whilst staying at the Hilton across the road; I usually like to try a restaurant at least twice before writing a review, but I won't be visiting this place again. 
The place looks really good so you walk in with tons of expectations for good food and great ambiance. However, the service was poor, waiting time for the meal was unacceptable for an almost empty restaurant for a late lunch, and the place looked a bit neglected (cluttered tables or not cleared after clients left, dirty floor, water glass that could have used a bit of a scrub, etc). Such a shame because the food was decent, the location is golden! and the restaurant serves Italian food which is super popular! This could be a decent place under a better management! 
Visited here for a spot of lunch after cinema. First impressions great air conditioning - a pleasure. 
The vibe in here is friendly and nice, the staff are always good to talk to, drinks are great, and very good coffee I must say. However my only complaint is about the food. It all tasted good I believe I paid 8-9 pounds for avocado on toast which is not that unheard of in West Hampstead. What annoyed me was after paying that I got a wafer thin slice of bread with a really thin width (you know what I mean if you saw it). A really thin slice of oval shaped bread. It was only one slice and cut in half with a small paste of avocado on it and a tiny bit of salad next to it. I felt like I got robbed. Will only be coming here for drinks. I think spending this much money on a few bites is misleading.  
A quaint restaurant in the Capital Hotel. The menu is seafood, so if you are a beef eater you may want to find another restaurant. I started with the monkfish, it was delicious. My dining companion order a few oysters however the server forgot about them and it wasn't until we said something that they were brought to the table. For dinner we both had the John Dory and it was excellent, it is a lighter fish with great flavor. The food was excellent, the service needed help. We had to ask for water and bread and at times the server would disappear for 15 minutes. May have been an off night. 
It's too bad that the Capital Hotel has greatly limited its restaurant operation to those looking for a fish dinner. They do serve a small but excellent fish menu so if that is your thing, visit. If you don't want fish, try some place else. 
Set lunch for two with a business associate including a cheap bottle of wine came in at £140 which is fairly aggressive as set lunches go.  
This is a pretty restaurant in the heart of Knightsbridge. The food is accurately prepared and the service is very good. The wine list is quite good, but on the expensive side. 
We were treated to a night at Chez Bruce by friends and were really excited to return to the scene of our early courting days when Marco Pierre White (ably assisted by Gordon Ramsey when he was still learning his trade) based himself at this address. 
Came here for dinner with a mate. As soon as I sat down I got asked for my drink and a couple minutes later our order was taken. Starters and mains came in about 20 minutes of ordering and no complaints so far. 
Chez Bruce has charming friendly and helpful staff. It is a really good “neighbourhood” restaurant, but I felt some of the cooking was a little too “bland” and lacking in delicacy of flavour for me.  
Me and my partner came here to meet a friend of ours for lunch. It’s a cute place with a lot of character, gives you some 1930’s French vibes.  
Chez Bruce has been a favorite restaurant in the past and we go there on special occasions. 
I have tried in the last 6 months to visit a number of restaurants which I haven't visited bfore and my wife and i decided to try Outlaws at the Capital for lunch. 
I’ve eaten breakfast & lunch at the Wet Fish but never dinner until last week. We booked but it was so busy we were squeezed into a small divided table. No menu, no wine list for a good 5 mins. When we received them the waiter didn’t highlight the specials. We ordered £59 bottle of Chablis which took 15 mins to arrive and was plonked on the table unopened. We had to get the waiter back to open it but he didn’t pour it. Food took ages to arrive and then was quite literally slammed down. All the staff seemed over-stretched and unprofessional. Food was very average. We didn’t want desert but weren’t offered tea or coffee. Competition for diners is fierce in West Hampstead so Wet Fish needs to raise its game. 
Nothing special, reading the review here on tripadvisor I thought a very good Nepalese Restaurant, but it's just a poor Restaurant as most in London. 
Met my friend here for brunch to meet her newborn. It was quiet and staff were very friendly towards us and the baby. I found the menu a bit pricey. The fresh lemon and ginger tea was just that - a couple slices of lemon and a piece of ginger in a glass with hot water. When I sipped it I couldn’t get the flavour so left it a while thinking it had to ‘set’. But later, nothing. So I literally sat there pressing the ginger with my fork to release the flavour. My porched eggs were okay, too much sauce so I scrapped some off. Finished it off with baked cheesecake which was nice. 
I booked a table for 4 people, two months out and we were a table in the middle of the restaurant where we were constantly knocked while eating and worse trying to have a drink. The wine list is immense and holds some of my favourite wines. The menu for £60 per head, I felt was limited and not varied enough. The service is excellent and the food well cooked. 
We have been before , however there has allways been a small issue, as we are a group of 5, I have no idea why , this was propbably our sixth visit and we have allways enjoyed the food, service and atmostphere, non of our party have any wine as most of us drive, our table was booked for 6:45, we arrived promptly , not many people in , usual bread, biscuits etec before our meal came, throughout the service we were aware that staff leaning over members of our party to serve, clear , pass menus , in the past you never notice the staff, last night they were there, with the wooden floors in the building , you could hear the staff coming even though the restaurant was full towards the end of our evening and quite noisy, I paid £60 per head as it was my bothers birthday and the 12% service, and the reason I paid the service was for the people in the kitchens that produce great food , I did wait until my party had left before approaching the manager and talking about how diisapointed I was and others in my group had joked about us being on the apprentice , she did offer me the service charge back , but I refused , as mentioned before 
I have been a long time visitor to La Trompette, which is my favourite restaurant. After having an exceptional lunch at La Trompette at the end of September I decided to give Chez Bruce a try for my daughter's 18th Birthday a few days later. 
Had a mid week meal with a friend. Found the staff very unwelcoming took 5 minutes for someone to smile and greet us and to sit us down (even though the place was half empty) i was served by a lovely waitress who seemed new but tried her best to serve our needs. She was really attentive and checked our food was ok, also very apologetic when we didn't receive our chips but she got it sorted which is fine with me! The one thing I didn't appreciate was her manager shouting at her when she was cleaning the table next to us. I found it very uncomfortable and the middle of the restaurant was not the place for it. I don't think it's a very nice way to treat and train your staff, also it caused an atmosphere in the restaurant!  
I suppose the name says it all but going out in a group of four, there is bound to be someone who wants something else.. well the non fish items were limited and the steak just ok. However what was on the rest of the menu was very good esp the squid and chorizo starter and the chocolate cake desert. Lovely room and very airy with lots of glass and open windows ... so on an early summer night it was very nice. Prices are good and wine selection in reasonable. Well worth a visit and on this occasion we found the staff to be very good. 
Four of us eat here for dinner. The Staff were pleasant and helpful and the garlic bread 
I was in the restaurant with my grandchildren for a late lunch. 
a friend and I went for dinner and a catch up, the restaurant was quiet, however the service was slow and we felt as if the staff just wanted to go home and not serve, we had to go up to the counter so we could offer a second round of drinks, and dessert menu, they didn't have half the desserts available and came back twice to tell us that they weren't available instead of having the information to begin with.  
We went with friends who highly recommended this restaurant. Originally there were 6 but unfortunately one couple couldn’t come due to illness. We were greeted with as no show by 2 there would be a charge of £20. However as they were able to sell the table on they didn’t charge. Make sure you cancel before 18.00 if you can to avoid charge. I was however very surprised to hear this in the first place and it did somewhat leave a nasty taste  
This is one of my locals. Food is great, menu is limited but everything is of high quality and in general delicious.  
The welcome was good, the menu content was its normal high standard.  
Booked a table for 1pm before the cinema at 2.30pm. 
Went there recently for dinner. It was ok but for someone with a mIchelin star it was a bit disappointing. Nothing wrong, just not that great....and actually not that tasty. I had the soup which actually wasnt very warm and quite a small portion and then the turbot, which was ok but not great....a bit boring actually. Partner had the brill and monkfish - again ok but not as good as it should have been. 
Nice food, nice restaurant but walked away feeling like we paid over the odds on a couple pizzas, better options around.  
I was there for dinner whilst waiting for a train. The service was quick and friendly, although there were only two other tables when I went in. 
The place is very busy, but having tasted the food, I question why the customers bother. 
Arrived at restaurant after prebooking on line.Went smoothly and table was booked.Was shown to table .No one came back with menu or offer of drinks had to grab the attention of a waitress.Had to get attention again for the order of our food .Food came out and was excellent piping hot and very good quality.Compliments to the chefs.But not the same compliments for the very poor service in a not very busy restaurant.No back up asking how food was .Had to ask for desert and then again for liquor coffees.Very slow service and I guess limited training of the waiting staff Thankfully the food was excellent so mixed reviews of this restaurant. 
My husband and I went there last night for dinner. We had booked our table to which we were seated quickly. Drinks were ordered along with the starter and main. The starter came out quite quickly - we had calarmi. The fish was very chewy. The main courses were extremely late and to be honest we were not impressed with them. It was as if they had been warmed up in the microwave rather than being freshly cooked. We shall not be dining there in a hurry and were disappointed by our dishes. Hopefully this can be rectified for future diners. 
It’s time for the Michelin inspectors to visit again because this place has lost its sparkle. How it has maintained that star is beyond me. It’s tired throughout, with stuffy and yet chaotic service. It’s noisy and uncomfortable, filled in large part with old(!) regulars I’m guessing. The food is sadly not enough to make up for the rest. It’s generally good but not great, lacking innovation and flair. There are much better restaurants south of the river.  
Nice place, good looking food but terrible service. 
I've been to this cafe 2 times and both times they took my order wrong. Why don't you listen or follow up the special requests of your customers guys?! 
A nice looking restaurant, visited a few times now. Never overly impressed over all however.  
Our food was very nice and unusual but not quite worth the very high price.The restaurant itself is very busy and has a chaotic atmosphere which was not relaxing at all unfortunately.The entrance is very cramped and small and we felt in the way of all the busy staff-not the most welcoming experience.However, the waitresses that served us were wonderful. 
I had more expectations, is shame, the food very overall, nothing special.  
Visited here with my two boys as a treat on a Saturday afternoon. Was greated by a Waiter named Trevor who was fantastic with the boys. Very friendly and very helpful and sorry about the bit of mess we left Trevor! My eldest dropped the salt shaker and it poured on the floor! But Trevor just took it in his stride.  
This place has a nice vibe but the food was mostly very disappointing. 
I went to the Wet Fish Cafe for lunch with a friend last year and was not overly impressed but decided to give it another try as the location suits us both. But I won't bother again when there is a wide choice in the area. 
went to lunch with my wife on friday have to say this was very average food at above average price my wife pizza was ok but my pasta dish was dry and quite obviously microwaved service was only just adequate had to show the member of staff how to use a pepper grinder we wont be rushing back 
No real complaints about food, everything ordered tasted good. But service was slow considering the time we went and how many people were in the restaurant.  
Scrambled eggs could have been silkier, softer and runnier.  
The food is good, although the reason why this is a 3 instead of a 4 is that I didn't feel like I got value for money on the toast. For £2.20 you get two very small pieces of bread. I probably could have bought a loaf of this bread up the road for that price.  
The last two occasions the food was not up to its previous standards. Last night we ordered the Samosa which was dried out with a strange tasting accompaniment. The so called Lasagne was two pieces of over-cooked chicken with a fancy crisp on top with, again not a very tasteful accompaniment. 
Three of us ate there today - a big splash event. It took forever to get a drink. Didn't feel valued, 
beautiful little cafe with good vegetarian choices. we had just come from a yoga class where they gave us complimentary tea so we walked into the wet fish and the lady at the counter said to us 'I hope you're not walking into my cafe with coffee from outside'. there was no branding on the cups and we tried to explain ourselves but she would only let us dine in if we put our cups on the ground. she could have been kinder in the way she spoke to us instead of being so abrupt so I never went back which is a shame because the food is lovely. 
The staff are excellent and the venue is good the menu is very limited and is not up to the class of a Michelin starred restaurant 
My in laws were staying in the Premier Inn so we went here for a meal as it was close by. Service was ok. Food tasty but I felt that it was over priced for what you get.  
Visited the restaurant to celebrate a family birthday today. Upon entry the place was clean and tidy with only a few other diners sitting down.  
Had to wait a long time for our starter & had to chase up our main courses. The management must know through bookings and the fact that it was a Friday night that they needed more staff. I have been here once before not long after it opened and the service was bad then too. It's not the waitresses fault it's down to the manager to get the staff organised properly.The food was good but as I said let down by the service. Such a shame as we thought an hour & half was time enough for our meal. 
Considering there were only 4 tables occupied it took an age for the food to be served. Good quality, bonus I used tesco vouchers so would go again as not in a hurry. 
I can't say this was a terrible experience but neither was it as good as it should be for the price. The service was pretty slow and the food average. It was as if there were not enough staff for the customers but they have been open for several months and it was a Saturday evening. Based on the experience I'd not rush back which is a shame as with a few tweaks it could have been a lot better. 
To put it simply, the food was not as good as it should be. In fact, it fell far short of what a Michelin star restaurant should provide. It was at best average. I’d like to think we got them on a bad day as I had heard very good things about this restaurant. 
Lovely old fishmongers converted into a fish restaurant/cafe - my wife remembers a previous incarnation from the 1970’s and it is interesting to see that fascia sign reversed inside the restaurant. 
Similar to predecessor but not quite. Food was reasonable but portions not generous. Went many times before but will probably not bother again  
5 stars for stunning food, 1 star for yet another pretentious wine list that are becoming increasingly common in London restaurants. From a quick scan of Chez Bruce's very long wine list I reckon that just 10% of the included wines cost less than £50. A very high proportion were over £100. What's going on? Doesn't the sommelier have the confidence to buy in the fantastic wines from all over the world that you can buy from good online suppliers at £15 a bottle that he/she could sell in the restaurant for £30 to £40? Chez Bruce could well follow the sensible policy of The Ivy Brasserie which have plenty of good sub £40 wines plus some £100+ if people want to show-off or think that these wines are going to be better. 
On the high street and handy for locals. The food was simple and well prepared. Print service. Good for a quick bite or just coffee and cakes.  
We wanted to pair our wines with our meal. We waited for the Somellier (15 mins) to be told he couldn't take the wine order until we had ordered our food. 
Me and my boyfriend were strolling around Watford to find a place to eat. We started to lose hope when we saw most of the restaurants closed. We were delighted for Barracuda to be open as we like to try new restaurants. Service was really good. However, my boyfriends starter which was mushrooms were tasteless and he ate it because the salad was nice. I have ordered garlic bread with cheese which was the best I have had in a very long time, so I’m pleased with that. Our wine of choice was good. However, we ordered spaghetti carbonara each and it had no flavour whatsoever. Parmesan has no cheese flavour either. Out of the whole dish you could taste the bacon. Apart from food we had a good time :)( 
lovely restaurant with nice cutlery and glassies, always important to me. Starting with tandori cheese and the pickle tray, both were fantastic. The veg curry was quite mild and not as tasty as I would have expected after the starter. The pashwari nan was lovely too. All in all I enjoyed all the meal. 
I was in Chiswick on business and decided to stop for brunch before heading home. The space is bright and airy, very pleasant on an autumnal day. The restaurant was clean and well organised C-19 wise. 
Nice atmosphere  
We went on a quiet Thursday evening and the food was fantastic - the wine was reasonable but the waiter sadly was just going through the motions - he made us feel like he wanted us to hurry up and leave !! the worst part was after he cleared away the plates the tablecloth was very dirty and unlike other restaurants no effort was made to take away the dirty tablecloth . We actually had to ask him to at least clean the remnants he had dropped which he reluctantly did wit his fingers .  
Ok for kids, convenient - but as with the rest of the chain the food is kind of rubbish - like Frankie & Benny's etc. But if you know that and don't mind then it's OK I guess.  
Arrived at 6pm with friends. Menu choice was good and a good variety. Tables tight together so lack of privacy to talk. China is old fashioned as are wine glasses. Ordered a bottle of wine that was not chilled enough, why is that such a difficult task to chill a bottle of wine. Toilet was fine but had to use disabled as that is the only choice for ladies. I prefer if they keep the food warm rather than serve in bowls. We left at round 8.pm and the restaurant was very quiet, not a great sign for a Saturday night. Seat was ripped too. Attention to detail and repairs is lacking. I prefer some of the other Indian restaurants in Ashford.  
First Bella Italia that I've been to where none of the waiting staff are Italian!  
The only thing I liked about this restaurant was the decor... In comparison with other Bella Italias this was a let down, partially because my food arrived cold and had to be reheated  
We visited Chex Bruce with family for a birthday. Infortunately, we left feeling disappointed. Firstly, the air conditioning was not working properly & the temperature of the restaurant was uncomfortable. The service was lacklustre, we had to ask for almost everything, rather than it being done for us. There was nothing exceptional & for a restaurant of this calibre there should have been The food was very nice, although it took an awful long time for the food to be served & the main courses could have been hotter. I would revisit, however, as the experience did not offer value for money it would not be first choice. You get what you pay for - in this case we paid slightly more than we received. 
Went with a small group in the evening. 
Visited Bella Italia with my husband,We didn't start very well as we waited a good 10 minutes before been noticed at the reception! The staff was attentive but a bit slow and not very organised. Our dinner was very nice and well presented and we had no problems but as we were seated not far from the kitchen, we saw dinners piling up on the counter waiting to be served!This is very bad and we were glad it wasn't our food. 
I'm a bit disappointed with the taste of the food. I was expecting a bit more but I like the ambience though and the staff were very nice and fast service.  
Dined here a while ago, the service was great and the restaurant staff were friendly. We visited on a Friday evening, it wasn't very busy when we arrived at approx 8pm. The lighting in the restaurant is dim so makes it more of an atmosphere for couples. We ordered the risotto and the sea bass, which were both cooked well, arrived fast and tasted ok. It's a nice restaurant to have a simple well cooked meal in if you want some quiet time alone. 
Nice restaurant ruined by not enough kitchen staff. After waiting for 1hour and 10minutes we questioned the fact that we had not yet received our starters which were only cold meats! Told they were extremely busy and we would still have to wait. At this point we left along with several other disgruntled customers. Staff admitted that they just could not cope and people were waiting two hours for their meals. Long queue outside of people who also started to walk away on seeing us all leaving. 
My boyfriend and I visited for our second time before going to the cinema next door. The first time we had a lovely experience, the food, drinks and service were all brilliant so we then returned for the second time. On arrival the second time the staff were quick to get us seated and give us menus. However there was two fairly big tables with children - about 10 children all in all, whom the parents all seemed it was perfectly fine to let run around and scream. It really felt like we were sitting in a playground with them running backwards and forwards past our chairs. They even on several occasions nearly ran in to staff but the staff didn't seem to care and didn't say anything. The food was lovely but it soon became very slow service with only 2 staff on and quite a few tables in, it took us ages to try and get the bill. It is a shame the staff and parents didn't seem to do anything about the children running around because it definitely ruined our nice romantic meal. 
It's quite difficult to rate "indian" restaurants as the range is huge and peoples expectation are very different as many Indian foods have been adapted to local taste here in Britain. If you know your Indian foods then this would be an ordinary one, but if you don't then it's quite good. 
Hmmm...ok, they've got a potential great thing here - a few tweaks and it'll fly. 
Went to this place yesterday as a keen curry lover and very few places offer all you can eat curry. 
Visited here once! But others in the area offer better service at a better price. 
Average food. I find it quite expensive. The place is clean and unique. very accessible to shoppers.  
We went last night after the cinema. The restaurant was not full and our waiter greeted us with a smile . 
Coming back for the second time, the food was very disappointing. The pappardelle was more like very soft fettuccine and lacking any real distinguishable flavour besides cream and a bit of parmesan. Felt more like a dish I could knock up at home in 10 minutes, not restaurant quality. The cheesecake was odd, not one person on our table like it.  
We were recommended this restaurant after our regular takeaway was downgraded on its health and hygiene scores. The food was ordered just after 6.00pm and eventually delivered around 7.20pm which on a Wednesday evening seemed quite a long time, especially as we live less than a mile away.When it arrived the food was lukewarm and needed reviving in the oven. Overall the quality of the food was reasonable but the portions were very small. I am not sure if we will use this restaurant again as there is fierce competition within the area and we will look to find somewhere that can deliver a better meal for a similar price. 
Came here on valentines day and had to wait an hour longer for our food than we were told. Finally got it and it was cold and half portions. 
I arrived at the restaurant and was quiet for a Sunday night. A group of five. We were seated and the staff were friendly and welcoming and gave us the menus. That's when the slow service began. Once we looked they ask us for our drinks and then another 20 minutes later drinks arrived. We ordered our food ate it and then our empty plates sat on the table at least 30 minutes and I would say three staff members saw the plates sitting there and just ignored them. On a good note food was nice and a good choice of starters main and deserts. So if they had quicker service I think it would become a popular restaurant  
Just moved to the area and tried this restaurant on a sunday. Very pleasant indeed. The calamari appetizer was ok, albeit a bit hard (could have been frozen) and the mayonnaise a bit boring. However the batter was extremely light and not greasy, a risk with fried squid. The hake was remarkable - a unique combination of colors, textures and temperatures. Quite delicious. The sticky toffee pudding was not great; the waitress assured me that there was no curry in it but I am pretty certain there was.  
We have eaten at the Wet Fish a Cafe once a year when working in a London over the last 6years and have always been delighted with the experience. However, this year when we visited in October we were sadly disappointed with the experience. The quality of food was not as good as in previous years, portions were much smaller and prices seemed to have increased more than expected. The wine list was also expensive. 
I visited the Wet Fish Cafe this evening . This was my second visit and I was looking forward to introducing my friend to it. I booked two days in advance, but when we arrived we were told that the booking had not been recorded despite the fact that I had been asked to leave my phone number. There was no apology, I was just told that luckily there was space for us.  
Dined here for an a la carte meal for the first time. Shazlick starter was very nice, but everything else was very bland. One main came doused with a moat of whisky which was on fire, semi-impressive but again it lacked flavour, being spicy but without character and finesse. The naga was reasonable but again, lacking definition when compare to other good indian restaurants. The Tarka del was the best dish that came with mains.  
We waited an hour for the food to arrive and when it did my pasta dish was lukewarm so had to go back. My husband had finished his meal before I had even got mine. Staff really in need of some leadership, perhaps the manager needs some training. Shame really as when the food did arrive, it was nice. Didn't have time to wait for coffee or dessert, so they are missing out on taking more money. 
There were four adults and two children that went in the restaurant at 18.45 and came out at 21.45! The food was overlooked and the pizzas quite hard. The manager was so stressed out that it made you feel uncomfortable. I know they have just opened but they should have been better prepared. I cannot see a wheelchair ever being able to get in there as it was hard enough for a buggy. They'd probably have to dine outside. I wish them luck as they are in a prime position right next to the cinema, great in the summer but we won't be going back. 
One Saturday night in April, we felt lucky to have been able to book a table. I have to say, it was overall a disappointment.  
Food was typical Bella Italia, ok nothing special. Perfect place to grab a quick meal before hitting the new cinema - that's provided you're prepared to push to be served. Service is woefully neglectful. We had to catch the attention of someone to be seated, to order, to get our bill and to eventually pay our bill... because of this we managed to finish our dinner (albeit mains only) & pay the bill before 3 tables seated before us had even got their starters. The management need to figure out what they are doing asap - focusing on setting new tables in a 2/3 full restaurant with no one waiting to be seated while people are waiting to order food & drinks is clearly the basics gone wrong.... it didn't help that there is an overly dramatic member of staff who upon arriving to take our order hyperactively launched into a catty rant about something the chefs were doing. It was completely unrelated to us, made no sense and it was very unprofessional.  
Taking advantage of a Groupon voucher, we visited this newly opened restaurant on 8th March 2016 for a lunchtime treat. Arriving for our 'on-line booked' time at 1pm, there were quite a few people there, creating a bubbly atmosphere which was very encouraging. We were greeted quickly...but they were unaware of our booking and didn't check their desk diary or terminal to verify...only asking to see the voucher and saying "Oh, that should be OK". 
My wife and I have been to a few Bella Italias and generally the menu is good and well worth exploring as the food and service is of a good standard. When we saw one was opening locally, we knew we'd have to try it and with a new Cinema next door it needs to be good, slick and efficient. Speaking to others in here last night it would appear the first couple of weeks saw experienced staff drafted in to make the "right" first impression, no problem with that. However last night was a bit of a disaster but one that can and will get better I'm sure. We booked on line for 6 pm to try and avoid any Cinema rush for a quick but nice bite to eat. We were in for 3 hours for what was effectively Garlic Bread, 2 Pizzas and the mini ready made and chilled desserts. I could have cooked all that from fresh I reckon in about an hour tops. Took over half an hour to get a bottle of wine, starters arrived almost exactly 1 hour after we arrived and why 5 pre prepared and chilled desserts took 45 minutes to arrive is beyond me. However, now the 'balance' to this. The food was very nice indeed, well cooked, fresh (except dessert) and tasty AND one can clearly see from the Manageress through the staff, they want to get this right BUT they are not well or fully trained!!!! Manageress did the right thing when we complained, handled herself well BUT got the distinct impression she is doing this day after day and is hugely frustrated. BELLA ITALIA PLEASE READ THIS . . . We like your restaurants and Orpington could do with a restaurant like yours next door to the Cinema, but if you don't train your staff up and give them a fighting chance, your reputation will dive faster than a kamikazi pilot and everyone's first impression will be negative. You need to be staffed to deal with walk in's and the pre-booked in the full knowledge diners will be going to the Cinema so need to be in and out quickly! There is money to be made for you, but you must support and help your staff!!! We will be back as I want this to succeed but over to you now, and if nothing changes I won't balance your service against the food next time. 
We visited as a group of 10 for a friends birthday on the 9th. We arrived and were seated, which it then took 15 minutes for them to even give us menus. They forgot a few drinks from our order as well as having to wait 45 minutes before even ordering any food, and that was only because we had to call them over to order. We were there for a total of 2 hours before we even managed to receive out mains. I am aware that being a big party it takes a lot longer for food to come out, but waiting an hour and 15 for mains is not acceptable, especially when over half the restaurant was empty. When the food arrived, a lot of it was dried out and not of the quality expected. They added a service charge to the bill, presumably because of the large group, which we asked if we couldn't pay due to the poor service, at which point the waitress appeared to be in a mood because of this. I would definitely try Bella Italia again, just possibly not this branch. More staffing is definitely needed!  
Visited this restaurant with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary in January. We do not normally go to such places so perhaps my pallet is not used to fine dining but I frankly felt underwhelmed by the experience. Yes the food was good but was expensive and the place lacked atmosphere with no background music which when we arrived to an empty restaurant (it was a Monday evening in January) made us feel lukewarm and also the temperature of the room was not comfortable and I felt cold. As more people arrived it did improve and the staff were attentive and made a special anniversary dessert for us. It may be that such a place is wasted on me but spending over £200.00 I expect to be impressed and impatient to return. I did not feel this way. 
I like Bella Italia but this one wasn't so good, we walked in about 5 30 and got seated immediately, we were sat around for a while waiting for someone to serve us, we ordered our drinks and when they bought the drinks which took a while we said we wanted to order food straight away as we had tickets booked for the cinema. The food took a while and my calamari took even longer, I had to ask the waiter twice where it was. Main dishes came and the signature dish of my friend was cold and dry as if it had been sitting there for a while. Everytime we looked round to see where our waiter was we saw all these tables waiting to be served and waiters at the till stations or at the bar, there seemed no urgency to get things done, unless I hear of any improvement I won't be going back 
We have had super meals at Bella's all over the country , and so despite a friend telling us they were suffering 'teething problems' we visited this evening. The restaurant was only half empty and there were plenty of staff but it wasn't great. 
Having travelled from Yorkshire to Heathrow we wanted a quick bite before making the return journey. We opted for the Buffet but the range was poor- only chicken tikka & onion bhajis for starters. Really mild curries and cold hard rice. Staff did not interact despite my best efforts- been once and probably never again.  
We visited this restaurant within days of it opening and, unfortunately then, it didn't gain our vote of confidence. But, we revisited...to see if those 'early night nerves' had improved since. The food was good (it was good last time)...but the service is still dreadfully slow with inattentive staff appearing to avoid eye contact with the customers. There were four in our party this time, using a Groupon Voucher for a 'restricted' menu. The booking was clearly marked in their diary as a Groupon booking but the guy who greeted us gave us the main menu. We questioned our table server who wasn't sure, but eventually she turned up with the correct menus (for the 2 Course deal). For one course with a drink, followed by Gelato we were there for almost 2 hours, of which about an hour was spent waiting - about 20 minutes for the drinks and roughly 25 minutes for the main course (and they didn't have any Honeycomb Ice Cream and the table server didn't know what the specials were...). There were only about 6 other tables occupied so I don't know why things were so slow. We ordered extra drinks due to the waiting time and when we came to pay for those, the Manager wasn't able to understand the billing system to credit the Groupon voucher, taking about 15 minutes before we could leave. Things don't seem to have improved. This appears not to be place for a quick (ish) meal and so we won't be adding this restaurant to our list of 'locals'. 
The food was OK but we waiting quite a while to be served. I asked for balsamic vinegar to accompany my starter, waitress confirmed what I requested but never bought it over. We also ordered a Calzone to takeaway whilst ordering a dine in meal. Waitress clearly forgot and claimed several times I'll make it now so it's fresh. Defeating the purpose of us preordering and diminishing out waiting. Despite the service the decor was nice, a great family atmosphere for an average priced meal. Except to pay £20-25 pp 
Anyone coming up with the name 'Chez Bruce' these days would be instantly shown the door; 'Bruce's Kitchen' or even 'Bruce's Place', but definitely not chez anyone. But given that Chez Bruce has been around for more than 20 years, they clearly must be doing something right. The critic Marina O'Loughlin eulogised about wallowing in "sheer, sybaritic pleasure" when she visited the restaurant in 2016. I wish I could agree. To my taste buds, the kitchen seemed to be going through the motions of yet another service on a very busy Sunday. There's undeniable skill in the kitchen but things don't quite gel in the way they should. A starter of raw beetroot wrapped around goats was little more than those ingredients: the zing was missing. Hake with a seafood sauce and potato gnocchi was let down by hard-as-anything gnocchi and nasty little brown shrimps in the sauce. A desert of champagne rhubarb trifle was as sickly sweet as something off a supermarket's shelf. And then there's the fact that there are too many tables crammed into the space, which makes conversation a pain. Service lacked co-ordination, with multiple waiters tending to the water and wine, and even presenting us the bill without us requesting it and before coffee. Personally, I think Bruce is sitting on his laurels. 
I stopped by here as I was nearby getting my car serviced. Very nice atmosphere, nice and chilled, decent background music, not noisy. Friendly staff and attentive staff and good service.  
We had a very pleasant evening last night at the Wet Fish Cafe. The atmosphere is pleasant, the staff were friendly and efficient. But the food, unfortunately, was not great. The mackerel pate had a slightly odd flavour; the squid with chilli was bland, and the combination of flavours in the hake, aubergine and pomegranate dish just did not quite work. West Hampstead needs a restaurant like this - a bit of a step up from the ubiquitous care's, and they are not far from having a really good place. But they menu needs a makeover to come with some dishes that just work, perhaps even if they are just simpler. Good luck to the owners, I hope you can make a success of the Wet Fish Cafe. 
We visited Bella Italia after going to the new cinema in Orpington on the 30th July. 
Was initially quite excited about eating here as the surroundings are lovely and the meal started off with an excellent non-alcoholic version of a Negroni. However, I was disappointed with the roast butternut squash I ordered off the Sunday lunch menu. Literally swimming in gravy, which was very thin and made the quinoa and squash turn to mush. I actually had to ask for a spoon to eat it with as it turned into soup.The only other vegetables on the plate were a couple of green beans. Wouldn't be difficult to add some potatoes roasted in vegan oil, or something else to provide a bit of texture. Very disappointed as my friend had told me the roasts here are excellent, perhaps this only applies to the meat options. 
Ordered a takeaway after reading previous positive reviews , the food was OK , certainly not special. Ordered 3 mains , korma, bhuna and madras, they were fairly bland .... In future I'll still to Barbuchi, which is 50 yards from this place. 
I live nearby and have been here on three occasions, with various success. 
not a great value 
Been here a few times now as the quirky setup in a very obviously ex fishmongers shop, and low-lit ambience is very enticing from outside. Every time, though, I'm not only slightly shocked to see what I've managed to spend, but am also disappointed by the cooking. The menu has a distinctly fishy theme, but the fish cookery doesn't really measure up to the ambition. The same over-reach perhaps explains the downright bizarre flavour combinations in some of the dishes, and the occasional complete technical misfire. Given the distinctly hit and miss experience, it really is difficult to justify the cost of a full meal, and I will only return for drinks and snacks from now on. 
Food was good. Staff where rude. Waiter served the table while on his mobile... mental. Also he stunk of fags.  
We were very happy with our two visits here whilst staying opposite it. The staff were all extremly friendly and helpful and the food was fine. Fine Italian dining it is not but very good value for money. 
Chiswick Fire Station is not what it used to be before COVID... The menu had been significantly cut back, and so had the staff. Whilst I was happy to look at the menu online, ordering online was just ridiculous. If the staff are bringing the food to the table, why can’t they just take your order at your table? We wanted a slight pause between courses, but because we’d had to order all at once on an app, it all felt a bit rushed.  
We had an interesting brunch at the fire station. Firstly the pros, it’s a great setting, light airy and a classic historical. The staff were friendly and pleasant. The cons, it took 40 minutes to get our order taken and get our first drinks. It wasn’t a big issue as we had plenty of time and were enjoying the ambience but were beginning to get thirsty and hungry and had to ask for our order to be taken.  
The noise factor here is right up at 11. There must be a correlation between staving off hunger by turning up the volume, because that was our impression when we went for dinner. The food is pretty average so that doesn't matter if you're trying to hear what your table companions are saying. They shout to be heard so the level goes up and all you want to do is leave and find the solace of the pavement. I really can't tell you what I ate or how it tasted. Our server was relatively attentive, the decor is contemporary but the acoustics are terrible. Sadly, my ears won't allow me to go back! 
Having been to Chez Bruce off and on for more than ten years (lunch, dinner and private dining), this visit was a bit more off then on, I’m afraid. On this particular Friday, the larger room was more or less full and the upstairs private dining room in use, so max capacity may have been to blame.  
Something has happened here. It used to be my favourite curry house in the area but they seem to have dropped the quality of the meat they buy- cost cutting? Different chef? Who knows? 
Very ordinary French bistro standard food lacking in imagination, flair and often taste. Friendly but highly imprecise and often inattentive service. Had high expectations given the hype however seriously underwhelmed. Cheese board is generous and good value. In short, rather puzzled as to how this place has a Michelin star. 
One of the better places in West Hampstead, imaginative cooking on limited menu, wines served by the glass are rather ordinary and underwhelming....better atmosphere in the evenings than during the day.... 
Over from NYC for the week and this was recommended by friends. 
Very ordinary food served in a strange old place with ill-suited pictures on the wall and a slightly "aren't we clever" attitude. 
Booked a table the night before, staff were very helpful.  
I have been 3 or 4 times now and albeit a beautiful place, it is a little bit punching above it's weight..... some staff were good, Manager outstanding and the food was good, I felt the drinks were watered down slightly hence the being on the pricey side. There is are vegetarian options not a wide range on the menu but it covered all bases. The bar can be a nightmare to get served and not sure how to book a booth I keep asking for a booth and get seating by the window !?! would go again and hoping a few improvements. Good for wheelchair access. Great place to hire out 
I like the idea that they seem to have really invested in the community and preserving the legacy of the original shop use, however the floor is uneven which means your chair wobbles no matter where you put it and it has a very crowded feel because the restaurant is quite small.  
I always wonder why restaurants take group bookings and fear that Chez Bruce shouldn't. I had heard great things about the food but left slightly underwhelmed. The food was all good with being special. I fear this is because there were 14 of us.  
My girlfriend took me here last night for a birthday treat.  
Went for lunch with a friend. We ordered the mushroom and pepper brushetta and the eggs benedict with pancetta. Both dishes were very poor - brushetta was thick wholemeal bread not crisp or toasted - soggy, the mushroom and peppers were poor.. The eggs benedict were cooked solid in the middle, pancetta was fatty and was more like bacon. Shame.  
This is one of my local breakfast joints, and I've visited three times in total (there are plenty of other places to try in the area). I like the decor, I like the staff, the coffee is really good and I am thinking about their mochas as I type.  
Since 197 opened its doors I have been a regular visitor and have always enjoyed the atmosphere. On Saturday I went there with my aged mother and Anna showed us to our table and was absolutely lovely.  
seemingly hip and nice restaurant with some good food items on their menu, but i must say the few times i've been in there, at the wrap-around bar, the service has been slow to non-existent. they seem to never have enough bartenders on shift, and when they do, the three of them stay at the back bar and seldom come to the front facing the doors. you wait for service forever. and when you want a second drink, you don;t get a second look, you have to wave them over often. shouldn't be this way when you wish to chill with a drink. if you go nesxt door to the george IV pub, they have 10 bartenders waiting eagerly to serve you. please take this as constructive feedback. 
We had thought about coming to this place for a long time and were waiting for a good excuse to go. Michelin star and with all the good reviews I was expecting something somewhat original and challenging.  
Visited at the end of April, this was our first visit. Really enjoyed it and the staff were great. Fairly priced and tasty. 
Chez Bruce is a firm favourite and usually the perfect restaurant to celebrate a special occasion. I'd booked for my wife's birthday and she was delighted. The table we had was lovely and the menu as always was special. We'd opted for the amuse bouche, which I'm sure had previously been complimentary but now garnered a price tag, and it was a lovely start to the meal. However, the service was terrible. We had to ask for someone to take our order and literally as we finished the amuse bouche our starters arrived before they had cleared and there seemed to be confusion among the various waiting staff who were / weren't looking after our table. We happily replenished our glasses with wine and water during the meal although I had expected this to be done for us and once the main meals were cleared we waited and waited for the desert menus before finally asking for them. By this time it was late in the evening and we missed out on the wonderful cheeses which is usually the part of the meal that my wife most looks forward to - disappointing given the special occasion. What I would like to highlight however is that the food seems to get better and better on every visit and was truly sensational - thank you chefs for keeping our faith in what is still our favourite restaurant in London.  
We had a post Christmas dinner with friends and family here. There were 10 people in our party and we had a variety of dishes, I had the burger and was disappointed with it, nowadays a burger in a decent restaurant is usually good if not excellent, this was average at best. Service was a little patchy, but overall acceptable. The place is quite noisy so having a conversation with anyone who is not sitting right next or opposite you is a challenge. 
This cafe is an ok place, very nice deco but expensive, a showy place and not a huge menu choice 
The service was polite and helpful and the food arrived in good time. Some of it was very tasty, most of it was "OK". I asked the waitress bringing one of the dishes what the sauce was. She guessed an answer and got it totally wrong! (To be fair she came back and gave the correct answer later.) 
Nothing special for the price.... Wouldn't go again. Starter was good but mains felt like they'd been pre-cooked and heated up. Felt overpriced. 
This venue was extensively altered when it replaced All Bar One on the same site and it has to be said that it has been done very well with interesting table and bar placements in novel juxtapositions giving it a sort of cafe-cum-lounge atmosphere, That being taken as a positive though, there is not much to be said for the cuisine. We had a lunch of quite ordinary fare like a hamburger plate and a club sandwich. The food was perfectly all right but did not justify the rather elevated prices when compared with nearby eating establishments offering similar food. The menu is also rather limited, there being nothing at all on it to draw you inside (if you can manage to read the small writing on the outside display without disturbing a possible patron sitting nearby). The worst part of our meal was the coffee - an Americano was very measured in size and, although it probably came from a respectable bean, tasted little better than instant coffee. 
If the waiter had been less hurried and more attentive I might have given this restaurant a very good rating rather than average. As soon as we sat down we were asked what we wanted to drink and a blackboard was held up with the specials chalked on the board. He kept waving it around while he read the choices and before we had time to read it, he whisked it away and disappeared to serve other tables. He came back and when we were deliberating he said "I'll comeback" and went off again. We realised that he was the only one serving and as you can see, rather than talk about the restaurant or the food I am stuck on the terrible service. When our wine and food arrived it was actually quite good. vegetables were served in large bowls so we could share them and we order the special Sea Bream which was very nice indeed. We ordered dessert and a coffee liqueur which arrived before the dessert - WHY do some restaurants do that!! Or was it the waiter. Summing up, a great restaurant but the waiter spoiled our experience. 
The food was great, but unfortunately service was slow and I had to ask twice for a coffee. The waitresses could do with some training to help them cope with the job without getting confused. 
My boyfriend booked Chez Bruce for a surprise birthday meal, knowing it's one of my favourite restaurants. Firstly, the food was very good and the cheeseboard was amazing! However a meal out is more than just the food.  
First we ordered burger with meat. I just randomly asked will the meat be well done... I got answer yes and also it includes 3 different meats. Ox heart, venison and third can't remember. We were shocked as this should definitely be mentioned in the menu. People have to know what the meat is! Not everyone wants to eat for example heart. 
Happened upon the Wet Fish by chance one rainy Saturday morning and decided to have breakfast there with a friend. The atmosphere is nice but the food was a little disappointing. It was only eggs benedict and coffee but it was small and bland. Will not be rushing back here. 
Considering this is one of the top restaurants on here, I was disappointed. I am familiar with Watford so have tried a few restaurants but wanted to to try something recommended from here. The service was good, very prompt and friendly. But I ordered a ravioli dish and the pasta was horrible. Very floury, heavy and not nice at all. The filling was too glutinous and not pleasant. The sauce was alright but with cream, it tasted alright. Not sure this is one of the best Italian style restaurants 
I still think that its one of the good places in Watford from quality, price, atmosphere as long as you look out for the following things. My husband was served a small pint for a price of big for which they apologised at the end by offering free limoncello shots. They after brought a bill for 3 pints when my husband only had two (bad luck for the owner because this was by pure accident because my husband doesn't usually checks bills). As for me, i saw a woman from the next table digging out a really long hair from her pasta. She didn't complain and continued with her meal but it was proper yuk. 
The menu has a wide range to suit all taste, good selection of beers on draft. Service is slow. There seem to be plenty staff but you have to wait. They are all very pleasant, just finding them and getting attention is the issue.  
Cool venue but food and service was a let down.  
I went with a group of friends here and we enjoyed a good enough meal and a few bottles of wine. The staff were efficient and friendly. it was a pleasant evening of chatting until suddenly a horrendous thudding of music descended upon us making any further conversation impossible. Awful music. We thought this place was a restaurant. No one was dancing; thus, music appeared to be pointless as well as deafening and the only served to make us leave! A shame. 
My friend and I visited this restaurant on a Monday afternoon during half term week in October. We had reserved a table online, but the person greeting us seemed a bit confused by this, saying that he thought he had seen the reservation somewhere but couldn't remember the details. We were seated in a very large restaurant which seemed about half full. We were asked about drinks soon after sitting down, and they came very quickly. Similarly, our food order was also taken quickly and there was little waiting for the food after ordering. 
Lively informal place for drinks and food. We were a party of 10. The seabass was nicely cooked. Good range of drinks. Prices ok. Service was prompt and friendly. 
Visited with friends last weekend. Food was good, service was average. General consensus was that it was pretty expensive - a real bugbear of mine being restaurants charging an extra £3.50 if you want chips with your burger. Also, £4 for a lime and soda is bloody ridiculous! 
It was a Bank Holiday and we had had a lovely walk in the day before being seated for dinner. We were surprised that dogs were allowed to be in the restaurant albeit the owners were sitting in the terrace with the doors to the restaurant open. The service was very good. I ordered the risotto and my husband the chicken from the set menu. Overall the food could not be faulted.  
So: the pros 
We had a pleasant enough meal and you know what to expect from Cote, but both food and service were disappointing. Chicken was a bit dry and over cooked. Service was lackadaisical. Unimpressed. 
We are frequent visitors to Barnes and know most of the local restaurants well. Many are surprisingly average so we were looking forward to the arrival of the Cote Brasserie. 
Following a problem meal (details unnecessary) several weeks ago in Côte Battersea, an Area Manager offered us a voucher which we decided to spend in Barnes for lunch yesterday. 
We have visited Chez Bruce before and had a lovely experience so we were very much looking forward to returning for dinner.  
I went there couple times with my husband and his friends. The food is quite heavy and they are quite big portion but they are not so bad. But serving food is very slow... We were waiting for 40 min to receive our food.... My husband and all his friends are from 5 star hotels's head chef and sous chef and they were laughed about it...  
Nice venue, food tasty, cooking takes a while - Burger ordered with beer, took a 2nd beer for the burger to arrive. 
We came in for lunch on Sunday and had to wait a long time for our food. The waitress was very attentive and apologetic but the food still took a long time to arrive unfortunately. 
First off the service was appalling for a Michelin star restaurant. I have been to many Michelin star restaurants in the UK (Gilpin, Le Gavroche, the crown, Outlaws) in France(Lancaster), Bangkok and California. None of these restaurants have I ever been treated so rudely. Most of the staff is unhelpful, rude and believe they are above you.  
Visited this evening with my cousin for dinner.  
I particularly like this place for lunch time take away meals. The kitchen does flexible arrangements and my favourites are: Greek salad and tomatoe and cheese I let. As I am fussy I ask for extra things or some ingredients taken out and the staff have been extremely helpful to accomodate my preferancies.  
I struggle to understand how this can be in the top ten restaurants in Watford.. The food is distinctly average. Two of us had the eggs benedict. The sauce was too thick & too sweet. It is however in a prime location on the High Street and is inexpensive, with good service. 
A varied menu. Pleasant service. On reflection I should have requested a better table as we were a bit hidden away. Pleasant fresh decor. 
I live in Chiswick and sporadically keep trying this restaurant as I want to like it but it always doesn't quite deliver. Lunch today was fine with friendly staff but not enough of them. They were clearly working hard but had too much to do. Food was very slow in arriving, (and the restaurant was NOT busy), had to wave our arms around to get noticed. When they did notice us, they were charming. Salads were excellent, if not abundant. Will again wait a while before I go back. Shame, as back garden looked enchanting and it has a good vibe. They need a good manager. If there was one, he was nowhere to be seen. 
I've been to several branches of Côte and always love the food. The service tends to vary quite a bit though. It's lovely to have a Côte in Barnes, but this location needs to be child friendly - after all there are an awful lot of young families in Barnes who like to eat out! Despite having a Menu Enfant, I felt we were just tolerated, rather than welcomed. Not a good experience. If Côte (or their staff) doesn't like children, this new restaurant is in the wrong place. 
I cannot quite put my finger on what is lacking here. The location should be excellent, but this site has never really functioned well as a restaurant. I go a lot to Cote in Wimbledon Village - it is buzzy and works well, and you know just what you are going to eat. So the menu is the same here, but the whole place feels just a bit institutional and standard. For such a lovely sylvane location, I feel management could have been a little more imaginative with the decor - something more rustic and a bit quirky? Management should pay a visit to Giggling Squid in Wimbledon Village to refresh their ideas. 
Just wanted a quick lunch with family before heading off to a meeting. High end dining it isn't but a wide menu at a reasonable cost in the high street is a find. The teenager with us had his usual burger and chips, my sis had a baguette and I was really pleased to discover that the veggie burger was actually made of veggies rather than something more obscure heavily disguised by spice. If you're looking for family dining on a budget, this is for you. Staff were friendly and attentive. 
Nice place, a little bit expensive for drinks and food, even though are a good quality products. Low sound quality, sometimes in the weekend they play live DJ music but to be honest, it is just a never-understandable noise. 
The Fire Station was a recommendation from a friend, the vibe was cool, but the food wasn't anything special or memorable. It's located in a really great area. For the price you could probably do better somewhere else.  
We visited on a recommendation. The menu looked good and indeed the food was okay, the normal type of bar type menu; burgers etc. 
Cool bar, really liked the interior design, great for drinks. However we had a couple of burgers which were nice but £10.95 just for the burger is a bit steep. You have to pay an extra £4 for chips. Especially considering Honest burger is just up the road! Would go back for the drinks and the atmosphere but there are way better places to eat in Chiswick.  
Ate here with a group from work. Set menu was not great, poor choices. Food was average at best, would not want to eat here again 
Very disappointed. Service was very slow. One member waited until we half way through the meal before their dinner was served. The staff did apologise. It was very obvious that they should have more staff became they were not couping. 
Contrary to other reviews service was good and very friendly. There was a lively atmosphere and all-in-all a good visit. Our meals were standard fare, well-presented somewhere between "average" and "very good". Would certainly visit again. 
Very pretty but lacking in every other way sadly. Food just ok and very overpriced; £19.95 for a modest bit of pork belly seemed particularly excessive. It took our waiter 40 minutes to take our food order (and he took it incorrectly). The state of the female bathroom was absolutely revolting, one toilet overflowing, paper everywhere and one cubicle didn't have a latch. Very disappointing, won't be back. 
I had been looking forward to going to the CFS because of the great-looking interior. I went for breakfast with a friend and it was great at first. We had a lovely waitress who kept refilling our water glasses with cucumber flavoured water. The flat white coffee was outstanding. However the blueberry ricotta pancakes were claggy and chalky at the same time. Not good at all.  
We have been to Cote in Kingston before and had an excellent meal. We stopped in here prior to a charity event and it was ok. Ordered from the set menu, the pate, french onion soup, Risoto and the chicken. The pate was nice but the onion soup was ok. The chicken was over cooked and needed the sauce (which was nice) and the Risoto again was ok. Could do better. However the service was excellent, attentive friendly and prompt. Try a bit harder on the food but will give them another go. Pleasant surrounding and staff. J&A 
have been many times before and it's good value for money and good service.however today was hot and everyone was outside and it was very noisy with traffic going over the bridge and too many people smoking and shouting to traders on stalls nearby. 
it looks the part -trendy, spacious, but the details let it down. we found it hard to get service attention, the seats make you sink in so you eat at 45 degrees and the food is ok and large portions.... we shared and we had plenty but the taste and quality wasn't really put o it. having said that £40 all in..... you get what you pay for 
197 Chiswick Fire Station`s ambience it`s cool and with a modern hint. 
I had been for a visit to Kew Gardens with my family and we decided to go to Chiswick for some lunch. Finding somewhere to park is never easy in that area but by chance we found a space very close to the Old Fire Station. As it was a very cold day we decided to try this restaurant.  
The space is lovely: well decorated, intimate, hip, and perfectly lit - ideal for a lingering conversation over dinner. The service is excellent: congenial and attentive. As for the food: it is creative and nicely presented, but really quite mediocre in flavor - at least in our one-time experience. We had two mains and two starters. Three of the four were disappointingly bland... and in need of salt at the very least. Also, definitely overpriced by a few quid. The pasta dish we had was absolutely ordinary, definitely not worth 12.50. The calamari/shrimp was 7.50 for a very tiny portion of what seemed to be ordinary bits you might buy at Sainsbury's. The dessert was redeeming: a delicious apple cake... but reheated such that the outside was hot but the center cold. In sum: disappointing food but otherwise a nice place. 
I had high hopes of this place especially as it is often given rave reviews by its customers . Unfortunately my experience was underwhelming. Perhaps I should have read the late AA Gills review of the place which I understand was not flattering . 
The Chiswick Fire Station is set back, off the by-road to Chiswick High Road, so relatively quiet. This was a 'Works Dinner' for 15 people; all at a long table. Plenty of space, unlike so many London places.  
This restaurant came to us recommended by several friends and it does offer good value for money especially with their Early Bird Menu(order before 7 pm). 
Great layout and style which raises one's expectations which ultimately are not fulfilled. The "tapas" style starters were good and main courses a bit mediocre. Service was trying to be attentive but in reality didn't seem that well organised. Given the season, it was very busy with a good atmosphere and buzz but I can't help but think that there are better places to go.  
What a lovely spot. Very relaxing looking at the lakes and nice to wander around them. Was there for an event and you would struggle to find a nicer location particularly in this area. However, £8.25 for a pint of lemonade & lime and a San Miguel seemed a little on the high side to me? 
I have visited this place twice over the last month and asked for a table for one person and both time have been told that it will be at least 30 minuets waiting time . I was never asked if I would like to sit and have a drink. So each time I just walkout. And went to the Red Lion up the road. 
After five visits we have had one stellar 5 stars and two very disappointing meals (the other two meals fit someone in between). We never see the same waitstaff so that may be the issue as some are knowledgeable and others much less attentive. Food wise I think the portions of fish are on the small side but overall flavors are good. I really want to like this restaurant because it grills food and it is somewhat healthier but other restaurants in the area are following suit.  
Went here on Friday night as heard so much about it and given how difficult the table was to get booked I was really full of anticipation. Nothing was wrong, but nothing stood out or gave me any wow moments. The décor was OK a bit 90s, all cream walls and tasteful modern art, reminded me a bit of the square ion conduit street but this caters for business lunches and attracts the corporate client so the interior just felt very sterile, corporate and dull or a local restaurant in Wandsworth - where's the fun?  
It is a nice setting on a summers day. The staff were friendly enough. We didn't have to wait too long for our food and the tables were well spaced. The Stowpress Cider was unavailable. We had cans of Magner's instead. The restaurant had run out of three of the mains by 2pm, but as this was the latest booking available, perhaps this was to be expected. The food was okay but disappointing, especially the mains.  
Went for dinner with friends one Saturday night. Good atmosphere and lively but service was chaotic at times. Didn't seem very organised or that there was anyone who was in control of events. 
Went here for drinks only, but the food menu looked nice. It is a very nice and trendy place, a bit posh. In my opinion they try to be a bit of everything. To noisy place for me to go out and eat, but a cool place for drinks. 
This is our 2nd visit in a few years but this experience wasn’t so perfect. They had run out of all the weekend specials and it was only Friday night. Which meant the only non-fish dish was steak, luckily we all like fish. All the dishes tasted lovely and we were served very promptly... a bit too quick for my liking.  
Lunched on a Sunday with friends at this very scenic and serene location. We sat outside by the lake in the marque and it was very nice place to relax and have a good meal.  
We went with some friends early Friday evening. 
Went recently for a birthday brunch. The location is good and the decor very impressive. Brunch/breakfast options are not extensive but include most of the classics. Staff were plentiful and the restaurant not full yet it took an age for some of the drinks to be served, I had to remind them twice. I ordered egg Benedict which comes with ham but I asked to change it to bacon which I do everywhere in the world and this was the first time I've ever been refused. Quite inflexible given bacon is on the menu elsewhere. The dish itself was well executed. Overall service needs some attention but it is quite new so would give it another chance to try to lunch/dinner options 
We had not eaten here for a while and as we where passing decided to try again. 
This is such a beautiful place but it's as if they said,"Just look at the view and don't notice the food'. And it's closed for part of the weekend, just when you might want to go. 
Food was a bit disappointing for an Xmas dinner, starters were garlic mushrooms but appeared as a garlic mushroom soup. 
We had a Sunday dinner. Service is good and the food was very nicely persented especially the rotissre chicken but I think its a bit on the pricey side for what you actually got. I was unipressed by charging £4.50 for a couple of extra avocado sliced 
Got there at 7pm - nice welcome - old fashioned ambiance. 
Visited Saturday evening, restaurant very quiet possibly due to the rugby match taking place. Staff very pleasant, restaurant very nice, food just OK. Starters: Haloumi and Roast Pepper Salad - would have been nicer if peppers weren't so cold. I know it's a salad but warm haloumi and cold peppers is not a good combination. Chef's Dressed Crab (with £2.50 supplement) was served on one small slice of toasted brioche (which we were told about beforehand). Don't feel that it warranted the £2.50 supplement. Other three starters were OK. Mains: Fillet of Cod - very dry; could not finish. Slow Roast Pulled Lamb - shredded lamb in gravy (not sure where the "dressed" part came into it). Left a greasy, cloying feel in mouth. Reminiscent of school dinners. Again, could not finish. Other three mains were OK. Can't comment on desserts as didn't order any. 
An old fashioned restaurant, cosy inside. Quiet for a Saturday evening with only 7 tables of diners. An interesting menu with good fish choices. Shame the portions were less than generous, especially the vegetables. The lemon sole was a bit bland and the bed of spinach was more like a garnish than a bed! 
We went here with friends who live locally and had been here before. As previous reviewers have said, the location is beautiful especially an evening in August. The staff are charming but I suspect there is an issue with language. One of my companions is unable to eat peppers due to an allergy. She asked whether the Roasted Mediterranean Vegetables (accompaniment to all main courses) could be served without peppers or if she could have a salad instead. She was told that all food was pre-prepared so the vegetables it wasn't possible. After a bit of pushing it was agreed a salad was possible 
Went here on a Saturday for a brunch with work friends and family. This place is always packed so I took my wife along. I had the bog standard full English, I found the sausages and mushrooms extremely greasy. My wife just had baked beans, toms, mushrooms and bread. She found the mushrooms swimming in fat. Not likely we would go again. 
This was our second meal at no 197 and I don't think we'll go back. The restaurant looks fabulous and it's a nice place to go for a drink but the food is so average to disappointing, which is so disappointing. I'd hope we would have a new local favourite. The service is ok, the food is ok, that's about as enthusiastic as I can get.  
Beautiful setting as noted by others, and a slightly quirky old-fashioned feel to the dining area make a good first impression.  
We came to No 197 on Friday evening with some colleagues for an after work drink and it was lovely, the garden had a great atmosphere and drinks were lovely. On this basis I decided to move my Tuesday night reservation from another restaurant in Chiswick to No 197.  
Average food badly executed, poor food quality. Great interior and design concept. Service is lacking basic customer service knowledge, clearing plates whilst half of party was still eating?! Slow bar service, had to wait over half an hour for drinks to arrive, asking three times for them. Music seriously loud. Not suitable for families go there with work colleagues for boozing and small dishes.  
Very average in the level of service. 
It’s a shame that this new eatery & bar feels a little overpriced as it is not without some redeeming factors. As a couple we fairly regularly visited this venue for lunch when it was All Bar One and were keen to see how 197 Chiswick Fire Station compared. 
Service 
Ok, im going to come straight out and say it. When we came in, drawn in by the new decor and buzz of the crowd on a warm summers evening in chiswick, i asked if we could have a table for two. The guy actually smirked at me, which reminded me of the dorsia scene in american psycho. This really annoyed me but i got over it and we had a drink at the bar. The guy was then very helpful and had found us a table which was great. I had 50% forgiven him for earlier. 
We came here because we are regulars of 11 Pimlico Road, the sister restaurant. 
We live locally and had heard such wonderful things about Chez Bruce so we were very excited to finally give it a try. Maybe therein lies the problem: we were expecting too much. Sure the service is attentive (if a tad surly), the wine list vast and the food nice enough but just not very inspiring. I also found the restaurant itself pretty uncomfortable - brightly lit, small tables and rickety chairs. Certainly pleasant enough for a spot of genuine French cuisine but I wouldn't say it's anything extra special. 
We visited here for a very special birthday meal while out from South Africa with our sons. Loved the ambience and style of the place and the fact that staff were accommodating in finding us a more suitable table. Underwhelmed by the food which was quite pricey and lacking in anything special. We also found that the menu was quite limited in choices. The macaroni we ordered as a side dish was bland and tasteless. My burger was good but not memorable. This place does not quite live up to the hype.  
The restaurant looks fantastic and the decor really works. The menus are good and the food lives up to the description - not blown away by it though. However, the experience was let down by slow service throughout. It was a business lunch so slightly frustrating. 
the food is ok is not so bad but they can do better ,the service is good is nice bar in nice place but nothing special 
We have happily visited Barracuda on several occasions and sadly have to say that today was very disappointing in comparison . The service was slow and sloppy. We had about 3 different waitresses who didn't seem to know what the other one was doing. We were served quickly for our order but then had to wait ages to get anyone's attention for condiments, sauces etc. Two out of the four of us were still eating when a waitress tried clearing our plates. My friend was drinking her tea and the waitress cleared away her saucer! The food wasn't up to its usual standard. The omlettes were flat, the (smaller) salad was covered in oil and the chips didn't seem as fresh as usual. We also had additional costs on our bill but the waitress did rectify this. I would go back again as I am hoping this was just a bit ofa blip. 
Went for dinner on the recommendation of a good friend and the waitress happened to mention how all the staff and chef was on holiday so hard to judge. Food was good but not mind blowing. I would have really liked to try the usual chef. May go back  
Ordered the lamb madras and lamb dhansak. Looked very similar, with my friend stating that it was the hottest dhansak he’d ever had. Also the lamb needed to be bigger pieces. The Bombay potatoes were the best tho. And the rice was well cooked, not clumped together. Just average.  
We chose The Queen's Arms for our dinner venue prior to going to watch the Cirque du Soleil Luzia at The Royal Albert Hall. This place was heaving by 5pm and almost no room to move by the bar area! However, thankfully we had made a reservation so seating was not a concern. The menu was quite well presented with a good choice of meals on offer from starters to mains to desserts. The cod and chips was cooked just right and was very tasty indeed. Portion sizes were good overall with no complaints there. We were quite a sizeable group of 10 but this challenge was well managed by the waiting staff without a hint of stress! All in all a highly enjoyable time had by all and fair value for money.  
Good atmosphere but quality of service could be better in welcoming attitude and seems like too much effort to greet customers entering! The food is OK just average as tastes good but presentation isn't very appetising to the eye! Price is a bit high for quality that is presented! 
The room and the atmosphere is fantastic but they haven't got the dining experience right. This was our second visit. We wanted to give it another chance after a poor first visit. There is no one to greet you at the door but you forgive that because the atmosphere is great. We were seated in a cramped area next to the fireplace so close to another couple even though there was a lot of other space. No one took our coats so we sat on them as there wasn't anywhere to put them. Our waiter was great, really nice & attentive. He saved the evening for us. My cocktail was excellent & the food was pretty good. The staff kept opening the back door which let in blasts of freezing air. We had a voucher for 25% off the food which the restaurant wouldn't honour due to some change in their process but this wasn't clear on their website. We weren't too concerned about the discount we just wanted a nice evening. It wasn't terrible, but it could so easily have been so much better.  
Nothing s[ecial in terms of location or decor but good, solid decent food. I had an omlette while my partner had a panini. The omlette might have been warmer but they did after all, accede to my request for more salad and fewer chips. Lovely, alert pleasant service at a very busy time of day. For a good basic solid meal, no one could go wrong here. Hope it does well. 
This used to be my favourite Indian a year ago but after ordering from here recently I’ll be going somewhere else from now on. The food definitely isn’t horrible but it’s just not that good. Stale popadoms, no heat in the dishes, flavours are dull. Can definitely find better. 
Initial thoughts very small traditional and very compact. Tables so close together. We were seated promptly. Called to reserves table and told they accept taste card. We sat down. Menus were given and I was looking to eating. Served quickly. Shame the juice served was terrible had to request another. This was given quickly no questions asked. The food arrived quickly tasted fine just average. I couldn't enjoy it as we were sitting so close to the next table. Food on the whole was fine. Nothing special but nothing terrible either. The only thing that stood out was the lamb chops were really small pieces however the lamb bhuna was quite tasty actually. 
Stopped off here on my way home to order a takeaway. Personally I think it is unfair to pay the same price for a takeaway as for a sit down meal. I pointed this out when presented with the menu but only received terse answer from the staff - that is the price! Staff a bit rude and faux pleasantries 
Nice restaurant, wide variety of foods, friendly staff that are willing to help, clean and tidy restaurant. Would recommend! 
We met fairly early prior to going to a gig at the local music venue - the much improved (after a sensitive refurbishment) Bedford Pub. Despite the early evening start the place was fairly busy and got busier through our meal, so popular with the I assume local clientele. I had the vegetarian Thali which although was good felt like a Irish version of a Thali with multiple starchy options and not that much vegetable action, although what was there was of a reasonable quality. It just felt a bit parsimonious. It was OK, but if I go back to Balham - I will try one of the other myriad of interesting options in the area. Not bad but nothing to shout about. 
Its ok but not the best caribbean restaurant but thinks that a little more effort it will be improve things. 
Lady very kind and lovely.geat host.thought she needed to have one more staff to help her.more wall decor about trinadad and tobago would make the place feel more livelier 
We had read reviews and planned to eat here. However, they didn't reply to our online booking request. As it turns out this was a spot of luck because walking past we discovered it is next to a fly over. So apart from the traffic noise you get the lovely fumes too! Can't comment on the food or service just the location. 
We have been coming here quite regularly and when it first opened the food was very good quality but then it went a bit strange- the milkshakes they did in summer were awful, the risotto was made out of basmati rice!! and mushroom soup was a bowl full of mushrooms - the cooked breakfast has improved - it felt like the chef just didn't know how to cook classic morning dishes and the eggs were so pale and runny we struggled to eat them.  
Food was nice and lady was a lovely host. Food took a bit of time to get to use but maybe some extra help might be needed at peak times. I would recommend it, such a shame live over an hours drive away  
This new place looks very stylish but the menu was rather dull. We were there on burger night and the burgers were fine, but we would have liked to see some rather more interesting dishes. The service was very friendly and nice. With so many restaurants available in the area however, the food here is just not exciting enough to draw people back. It could do very well, as it is in lovely position, but the menu needs tweaking. In the warmer weather there are tables and chairs provided outside, so with a bit of a spruced up menu Verdict could do very well indeed. 
Went with a small group including 2 children.  
Just visited for a coffee, the surroundings look ideal for a coffee shop/ bistro/ restaurant. 
We decided to give the Verdict a try after being a loyal customer at the bakery in sheen since it opened. The venue is fantastic and you can tell they have invested a lot of money. I agree with previous comments in that I am unsure what they want to be, coffee shop, restaurant, deli etc. We both ordered a full breakfast. We have sampled a lot of English breakfasts over the years however we were disappointed. The plates arrived dusted in sprinkles of paprika which just looked messy. Meal was swamped in over cooked baked beans and mushrooms appeared to be tinned. The sausage was obviously good quality and poached eggs were ok. We both ordered coffees which were great but not as good as 'The Bakery' but a lot better than the typical high street brands. For the price ~£8.50 per breakfast we feel the meal was over priced ~£22 for two. We don't mind paying a premium £8-£10 but the product and service has to deliver. The place has great potential but they need to address some obvious shortfalls if they are to succeed and if we are to ever return. 
Popped in for late Sunday breakfast after having visited previously for an amazing lunch.  
Came for brunch and had been before for sandwiches which were nice but this time it was disappointing. It's great to have something new in Brentford, as most things around are a bit gloomy. Had the guilty breakfast (English breakfast), and 2 eggs Benedict and artisan toast and honey. Guilty breakfast had more baked beans in quantity than anything else. Was ok but not wow. Not really value for money. Eggs Benedict had some sort of jam /sweet red stuff around the plate. Hollandaise tasted different (maybe powdered?) and the 2 dishes weren't hot, more like lukewarm. Not sure why a classic dish can't be prepared correctly. Not sure if I'll be brace enough to come back for a seated meal. Looks are deceiving.  
I go from time to time to Barracuda for breakfast as I love their omelette with spinach, mushrooms and cheese, always served with chips and salad. The portion is very generous. I have never been happy with the coffee served there, as it seemed to be served unpleasantly lukewarm. It is a small restaurant and appears to have regular customers as it is crowded most of the times I go there. Barracuda is temptedly located very close to the shopping centre and Sainsbury's and just next door to the big chain of charity shops on the High Street. There are many seats with a good street view, if one finds pleasure in watching people roaming the streets while eating. 
I went with a friend, and the manager seated us by the window next to two tables, when the rest of the restaurant was quiet. We ordered drinks, and we took ages deciding in food, as the menu was long, and it all sounded amazing.  
Bit dearer than others in Romford area, nice enough but no wow factor, dishes were a little bland, no draft beer only bottles 
Came here for an early dinner with wife and 1 yr old son. Was quiet as it was only around 6pm so had whole place to ourselves. Have eaten here and got takeaway from here in past. Food was up to the usual good standard - tasty Momos, Paneer tikka, Dhal Makhani and Gurkhali lamb.  
Got a takeaway Saturday evening and to be honest not upto the usual standard i would expect from them. Popadums were a bit stale, food wasn't that warm and chicken wasn't of the best quality. This normal is of a high standard and hopefully an anomaly. Karl also gives great recommendations 
I definitely would like to try this venue as it looks very well managed and clean. 
Ok food was 7/10 but many other things were forgotten to make this a memorable dining experience  
Booked as a group for birthday celebrations. Spacious covered gardens ideal with risk of rain. Sunday roast with aged beef add many unchewable parts and had to request horseradish sauce. Dessert served with chocolate sauce over edge of plate and all over handle of spoon. 
We used to go there on regular basis before the virus and it was always good. Now not so good.  
Waitress's English awful and seemed half asleep 
Used to live in area and used to use this chippy alot when it had other owners. Please to say that we all enjoyed our fish & chips. Will use again when in area 
Going on reviews I decided to use this fish house for a takeaway meal. 
This restaurant received a 1 out of 5 for food and hygiene from the Foods Standard Agency recently. Have they improved? 
I’ve always liked The Kent, from a teenager until now and through its iterations and upgrades. I like the restaurant and that’s why we return every year if so, when in the area. It’s a good comfortable space and the young staff are very personable and professional.  
Not bad but not great either - the curry tasted like one I would make at home using a proprietary paste - it lacked any of the subtle hot, sour, sweet elements you would expect from a Thai dish. The rice was warmed up in a microwave and over done so parts of it had totally dried out. 
The food at the Duke of Kent is great, however the service is not. 
We went to the temple indian with friends,it was not that busy,The decor is quiet nice and clean. The service was quiet good throughout the evening.we had many dishes.they where mostly good.the whole experience was ok,but nothing special..probably wouldn't go back with so many great indian restaurants about..  
This restaurant is beautifully decorated but sadly lacks any ambience. The service is good but the waiters aren’t very friendly. The food was tasty and good size portions. We had two main courses and three vegetables including rice, four poppadums a lager and a sparkling water and the bill came to £40 without service. Okay to pop in for a quick curry but not to spend an evening.  
...went yesterday as part of a big party. I had to asked for a jug of water three times. The poppodoms were nicely flavour but the dip taste off. The starter platter was great. Very slow filling up the buffet table. Curry was lovely. would go again. 
The quality of all the dishes we had was very good, even the children's portions which often get less attention. All the dishes we had were presented well and tasted lovely. Absolutely no complaints about the quality of the food at all. 
Didn't think it appropriate a restaurant is named "The Temple", out of curiosity visited for Sunday lunch. Price appears reasonable. Entrance to a dark bar. Starter simple and attractively presented, like the warm pappadum. Buffet mains basic, chicken curry watery, hot but lacking spices it seems, potato curry simple ordinary. Meal okay for those who don't like hot or spicy. Nice fusion music. 
We ordered two Dopiaza curries these originate from North India and are supposed to contain peppers, tomato,onion etc ? All we got was a lot of chopped onion one piece of green pepper no tomato and an average curry with no authentic flavors. 
Haven’t eaten here for a while and today very disappointed. I had the fish and chips - truly dreadful, dried up old mashed frozen peas, fish encased in hard batter, warmed up chips, others had a variety of dire looking and tasting risottos and veg ‘curries’. We will not be back. 
Myself and a friend visited yesterday for a Sunday roast. Upon arrival we were not greeted by anyone and I had to search for a member of staff, I then found 2 members of staff doing what appeared to be nothing at all and asked for a table of 2. We were seated and a young slim mixed race girl with curly hair (I’m describing her as she was the only one that provided any kind of service at all). Drinks order was taken quite quickly but after we received our drinks we had to request to order food. Once we received our food there was no check back. The food tasted great but the presentation was horrible! I fully understand this is a pub but you’d think for those prices a little effort would be made. After sitting with empty plates in front of us for 10 mins and watching a group of 4 or 5 employees standing in the corridor chatting away whilst there were many dirty tables around I decided to get up and approach the staff so we could pay our bill. There were 3 members of staff standing by the till and after saying excuse me 3 times finally the girl I described earlier acknowledged me. We paid our bill and left. Nobody even said bye. I understand you were busy and we all have off days but we paid for a service that was absolutely appalling and basically non existent. I hope we just caught you on a bad day and if we decide to return that the service improves dramatically. If the food hadn’t of tasted so good I would have given this place 1 star. 
Saturday night was really busy and I would recommend booking. It felt that there were not enough servers for the number of tables, so we waited 20 minutes to order and a further 20 for starters. Fish cakes were a little rubbery but the mains curries were delicious! Would definitely recommend the seafood curry. Wine was reasonable and the banana fritters we shared for dessert were delicious.  
Visited The Temple for a Sunday meet-up, never been to a Indian Restaurant Buffet before so thought we woud give it a go. shown to table and drink order taken, Poppadoms were bought to our table along with pickles tasted nice and fresh. Starters then arrived 4 small samosas some lamb strips and pieces of chicken all a little bland. 
Went to The Temple as it was near friends and right by the tube, on arrival not very busy shown to table.Pickles and poppadoms which where nice, although buffet starters are brought to you samosas nice, rest a little bland. 
Not been here before. Very imposing frontage right by station in Woodford. But also not great parking due to being right by station.We got there around 6_45 pm so we found on street parking. No spare around when we came out tho. 
This is an excellent local restaurant. I reviewed it some time ago and it hasn't changed. Friendly staff and good atmosphere. The normal Indian menu, but the food is tasty and the portions are good. It's also not expensive.  
A late call on a Saturday night at 7pm 
Nice atmosphere. Been a few times. Staff seem to change regularly. 
Really cute little homely place to eat and great friendly service. 
Great curries. we particularly like the mosoman curry and the chicken with cashew nuts. 
We spent the weekend here for our wedding anniversary. The room was very basic, although it did have everything we needed, clean towels, tv and tea and coffee making facilities. It wasn't as clean as it could have been and I found this disappointing. The bed was uncomfortable and the furniture very tired. It really needs a complete overall and to be brought up to an acceptable standard. It's such a shame as the hotel is perfectly positioned. 
We've had many takeaway fish and chips over the years and have found the quality to vary. Sometimes it has been good, but quite often the chips seem to be stale and the fish can be quite tasteless. 
No atmosphere - been here a few times and place is always empty.Food portions are small and menu not that comprehensive. 
Food and restaurant is on a par with other local thai restaurants. We've eaten at the restaurant once, which is basically a converted front room in a terraced house. Weirdly it does feel authentic though which i can comment on as ive been to thailand several times. We love thai food, particularly when you can get it delivered at home. King & I is the only thai restaurant we are aware of who does deliver in beckenham and clearly the lack of competition shows. This is what lets the restaurant down. Perhaps they dont do many deliveries but on both occasions we ordered a delivery is took well over 90 minutes to turn up. We thought the first time was just a one off but then it happened again the following time. We live less than 2 miles away from the restaurant in a well-known beckenham road so would expect delivery to be sooner when then restaurant said it would only be 45 mins. Food was obviously tepid by the time it turned up. We wont do delivery again and may do the restaurant if we are nearby. PS: Its also quite expensive with no discount for collection/delivery which is a bit off these days 
we went here for the weekend on 24/02/18 a very cold day, and they had not put the heating on in our room which was only an electric storage heater it took hours for the room to warm up, they need to do the low and high dusting as there were cobwebs and lots of dust.tv signal was rubbish as was the wifi signal.this is a pity because it could be a nice place. 
Location was ideal next to Windsor castle a fudge shop a lake lots of lovely restaurants and a few tourist shops and near Lego land but it was 30 degrees and they had no air con heat was awful -no fridge we kept having cold showers and sitting outside it was so hot inside. There is a car park tho friendly staff and a 24 house bar , and rooms had nice touches such as hot chocolate and tea etc. 
ordered cod and large chips but when opening the box at home was really disappointed with size and quality no better than other local chip shops. Staff busy but not up for any chats  
Having supported the Windsor 1/2 marathon we returned here for a quick lunch bite as we had stayed the night before. Meals just ok burger, (a little hard), soup (with hard bread roll, which was changed for a slightly fresher one), fish n chips ( frozen fish). 
I have eaten here on many occasions and always found the place clean and tidy and the food is a reasonable quality 
We came in here after the Ashford on the map funday. Found the girl who served us rude and it seemed like everything was too much trouble for her. She wasn't very friendly and banged our drinks and food down on the table without a word. 
We had a home delivery from here. I had king prawns in a chilli and garlic sauce which was very tasty. My wife had a veggie dish which was not the one we ordered and was bland.  
Food was ok, found quite a wait but the restaurant was very busy and when food arrived it was warm. I would not return. 
Our table was ready on arrival and the service was good. The product is good standard Indian / Bangladesh .  
Pleasant hotel although drinks extremely expensive, entrance to car park extremely narrow, so wide cars need to avoid! 
We stayed for just one night and for convenience we at in the hotel restaurant. Food was good - no nasty surprises - but maybe if we had stayed a second night we might have gone elsewhere for supper. Breakfast was good, with a reasonable choice/selection of hot and cold options, juice cereal etc. Service was friendly and with a smile! 
Lovely room but intermittent TV and internet! TV reception rubbish!! Breakfast expensive as cafe across road very cheap!!  
Fantastic afternoon spent at the Duke of Kent Ealing. This review is for the food only as the pub and garden were 5 star. The newly refurbished garden and play area are close to perfect  
Thought we would give this place a try for a change, as we had heard very good reviews. Nicely decorated, nice friendly service. Food was nice, not outstanding, but good. Would go back again, but would say I prefer our local Indian personally. 
I have not been here for some while having given up on the food offering which was not reliable however I have on occasion come in for a quiet drink so decided to bring a friend to the huge beer garden. Unfortunately at 6pm on a weekday it is literally full of kids running around the tables shouting and screaming so loud that we found ourselves unable to talk to each other. I am all for family friendly pubs but parents were letting their kids run riot which is not fair on those who just want a pleasant drink and conversation. 
Called for afternoon tea on my birthday....not bad but not very elegant, rough cut sandwiches and three chunks of the same cake but the scones were delicious! 
Booked for 2 nights but had to leave the next morning as their was too much noise from neighbouring guests in the chalet next to us. The rooms aren't very clean & the whole place needed a repaint to be honest. What was impressive was the customer service from reception in the morning as they refunded most of our money so the 3 stars is for this mainly.  
This hotel is in a great location. The manager and staff are extremely helpful.  
Spent a late lunch in a sunny day in their garden. The garden is lovely, good range of beers and attentive staff. However, we ordered some bread and a cheese board to nibble while drinking and the value was really poor. £20 for some bread and cheese, barely enough to notice you ate anything. I felt the rosemary foccacia was particularly poor. 10 dry sized sugar cubes of bread for £4.  
Nice London pub with friendly staff, but disappointing food. The food itself was ok but the portions were small and expensive for what they were. The mussels were nicely cooked but were the smallest specimen I have ever been served. The burgers were fine but came with only a cupful of chips (and were annoyingly served in a cup), and at £14 were too expensive. 
Had a few drinks and food here. The portion sizes of the meals for the price was not worth it. In a word, overpriced. Had the gnocchi main and it looked like a starter, which is not ideal for £12.50. Also saw a staff member drop a glass on the floor behind the bar and put it right back on the shelf...Having worked for Fuller's in the past it surprised me that the staff are not trained better.  
Location perfect. Staff friendly. Was asked to pay as soon as we arrived, even before we'd seen the room! Never been asked to do that before.  
Me and my husband booked a 2 night stay through Groupon, the hotel is in an excellent location for visiting Eton and Windsor, the hotel staff were helpful and very polite. The room was an apartment style and reasonably quiet, needs to be redecorated but generally clean, I was a little cold at night and bed wasn't the most comfy. breakfast on the first morning was excellent, lovely poached eggs and no fat on the bacon. The 2nd morning was more like a greasy spoon, fatty bacon plate swimming in grease, I'm sure the beans were just re heated from previous day and when my husband went to make toast it was mouldy, very unpleasant. On check out my husband commented about breakfast and staff were apologetic but offered no reimbursement. With a little tlc this could be a great little hotel.  
My partner got married in the summer and we had out guest give us money as we both have everything we need. With some of the pennies my wife booked this hotel as part of a Groupon deal as she wanted to visit Windsor Castle. On arrival we were greatest by very helpful staff and was aloud in our room before the official check in time (3pm). We stayed for 2 night and after all the walking around Eton and Windsor we slept pretty well. The following morning we had a great full English breakfast, a very clean plate, no grease, very little fat on the bacon. Lovely a great start to another busy day. 
Lovely pub with a well deserved reputation for excellent pub fayre. 
I checked pubs in the area that would be showing the rugby and it was the first thing that came up on the website homepage so we came here. What the website doesn't say is that there is one small TV in a closed off room that fits very few people-and they hadn't thought to take the tables out. We weren't able to fit in the room so ended up streaming it on our phone whilst eating burgers. It's a real shame that they weren't able to have a big screen somewhere as both the burgers and beer choices were really good.  
Nice inside friendly staff great food as we'll. only downer staff we'll keep asking for order real fast and food was out in 15mins hadn't finished eating started just got the feal they where trying to hurry us out for the table a shame  
I stayed at this hotel back on 2014 sometime, stayed here for one night as it was close to Legoland. love small hotel,, beds were comfortable, staff were friendly, cheap and cheerful. Would stay again if i was to go back to legoland. 
This is a good sized room with a really comfy bed. Couple of problems sorted out extremely fast (light bulb went and Luke warm bath water one morning). Breakfast fine and staff really helpful and pleasant. The noise from cars is very intrusive and seems to go on all night. We have been here 4 nights and have not slept well at all. Cars incessantly, noise of deliveries early morning, and normal road noise and people chattering. That’s a shame as we wouldn’t return. It really needs double glazing or better sound proofing such as shutters. We are in the junior suite which overlooks the high street. The hotel guests are generally quiet.  
Stayed one night. Room rate was ok. Was only expecting 3 star. Got 2. Pros. Good location for walking distance to Windsor. Quite. Well sucked tea/coffee tray. Friendly staff. Parking. Cons. Dated room. Chipped tea cup. Stained towel. Very old throw on bed with baubles. Creaking floorboards. Wifi didn't work. Didn't eat in the restaurant (it was empty). Won't be returning.  
Arrived in Eaton after a 3 hour drive and had trouble finding the place as some big scaffold truck was parked right out side. I had to ring and the staff member came out and waited in the street to direct us. The parking was very, very tight especially for our large car. All was good with the room but just a few little things were disappointing. The hot water in the shower was either hot or cold and did not have constant pressure. The TV reception kept breaking in and out. Also the room was very warm and could do with air conditioning. I know these are only small things but feel I need to tell you readers. The staff were very friendly and helpful.  
Been here before and had good quality food with good service. On this occasion things were ok but not to a high standard. Starters were mainly salad and not as described. Service was slow they were busy and seemed not to be coping. 
This is the 3rd time now I have been to this restaurant, if it was not for the good food I do not think I would go again. When I have arrived at the restaurant before my companions, they offer me a seat to wait, but that is it. You are totally ignored and not asked if you would like a drink while waiting. Apart from that the service was better than previously. The ambience I still feel unsure about. Nice food, but definately something missing, cannot put my finger on it, I don't think I will go back any time soon. 
Apart from hand gel at both doors, there was very little evidence that any extra care had been taken. No staff members were wearing any form of mask & distancing was minimal throughout the restaurant. The doors were marked one in & one out but this was ignored. The food was average & served by a very unfriendly waitress. Best to avoid here if you are concerned about health. 
12 x main course, a bottle of white wine, a bottle of Prosecco, a cup of tea or coffee each, (not everyone had one), the bill came to £330. It's only a pub after all. Sticky tables, need a proper clean and polish. Overall, not very satisfactory. Food is tasty but overpriced. 
Decided to try the place for a roast dinner. January isn't an easy financial month for any of us but I wanted a treat.  
we visited en route to Burnham, parking is good and table straight away, took some time to be served but all was fine, had ribs and of course the salad which is always good, place had a lot of groups and was busy but this one is better than some I have visited. wish I had room for dessert maybe next time, Must mention Wiki who was so polite and sweet, lovely server 
My wife Christine and I took my 90 year old Aunt Bet, her son Paul and his wife Elaine for lunch yesterday. The staff and service was excellent. The menu gave us plenty of choice and when served the meals were great. John who served us was extremely helpful. Aunt Bet nearly behaved herself which was surprising. We would whole heartedly recommend this as a lunch venue to everyone. Well done to all concerned in making it the pleasant experience it most certainly was. 
The Palmer Arms is a nice pub on the outskirts of Eton. It’s got a warm homely feel as you enter with the bar located at the front and a nice light and open modern restaurant area at the back. The beer selection is pretty varied and menu offers you traditional pub food as well as a few more interesting dishes if you fancy something a bit different. As I was in the mood for good ol fashion pub grub I ordered the tuna melt and a side of chips. I was glad to see the chips were proper pieces of potato and not a few fries in a can. The tuna melt was also delicious, despite being covered in cheese, the tuna was still tasty and moist and the perfect topping to the large slice of bread it sat atop. The service was also friendly and overall we enjoyed a top lunch, so give it try if you’re ever in the area and fancy a proper pub lunch. 
Was celebrating with family, didn't have the best time. 
Nice Atmosphere, very attentive Bar Staff and Waiting Staff in Restaurant Section. Good outside space and suitable for families with children. Sunday Lunch was very busy so advise you book in advance. Lunch good portion size, and what we expected , but starters were very overpriced for what they were. 
Haven’t been to this Harvester for a while. Had to wait in bar area 5 mins before being placed, which was fine. Had a corner booth type of seating which was ok. I went up with granddaughter to get salad, there were no bowls so asked the booking clerk, to be told you cannot go to salad cart before ordering, which my husband was doing on my behalf while I was TRYING to get a salad..went back to table to find empty bowls had been provided so had to go back to salad cart ... utter madness .. I went in July to Bracknell Harvester and their bowls were at the salad cart... SO WHY ARE LANGLEYS handed out ... no one check on us to see if we needed more drinks, we couldn’t catch any ones eye so as we were near the bar hubby got up and placed a order .. he was told he would be allowed to place a order this time but it should be placed through the waitress, to which he replied yes I know that’s how it should work but no one is checking with us or around .. so these were 2 big negatives for us.. 
just sitting here as had to bring a guest chose today as its quieter ,cleaner as well the food was at the desired temperature  
Went here for dinner with husband and 7 year old daughter. 
We were a party of 11, meeting prior to a sports match, not reserved, so we had limited lunches (sandwiches)and several non-alcoholic drinks. There were three children with us, all under 10. A Club Sandwich is a breathtaking 8.95 - ham eggs and Chips an extortionate 9.50. The kids' menu has a reasonable selection, and at 6.50 is also not unreasonable, but not one of the three children ate their burger, with the 10-yr old pronouncing it as "not for children, spicy, inedible". Service was OK, if a little slow, but perfectly attentive - no additional points there however, as there were only two other smaller groups in the whole place with us.  
I used the harvester app to book us a table for 4 and requested a high chair for the table. Upon arrival it was very busy with staff flying around all over the place but no one was available to see to us so after several minutes of waiting around I eventually went to the bar and spoke to a lady who said she would find someone to seat us. Eventually we were told they had received our booking and we were shown to our table which already had the high chair we requested sitting at it . We were provided an activity pack for our older daughter to keep her entertained while we ordered. After 5-10minutes our waitress came to take our order for both food and drinks. Unfortunately due to how busy it had been the food we were after was all sold out (which would have been helpful to know when seated as we had to then have more time to rethink our order) but we managed to find something else on the menu that was available. The food arrived hot and was enjoyed by all. We had the same issue with the desserts as again they were running short on a few of their selection but we were pre-warned of this when we were asked if we wanted dessert so no more disappointments. Overall it was nice food but there could have been a little more attention paid to the upkeep of the restaurant as there was food on the floor which wasn't cleaned up in the hour and a half we were there and tables left unclean for long periods but this seemed to be down to lack of staff.  
Havent been to a harvester for 10 plus years after a very bad experience. food was ok, but not fabulous. Also why dish up a salad garnish that's been obviously left under a heat lamp for a while. A tad gross. Restaurant was fairly Busy, the waiting staff were friendly. One meal was refunded as it wasnt cooked through ( fish and chips) total of 6 meals had today. Would I go to any harvester again??? Probably not. 
Since being upgraded the prices are up too in this pleasant pub. We have been several times and never disapointed. 
Brilliant staff...why so expensive ,it's Chaos and staff can't be expected to control diners..could do with a floor manager to calm the kids 
I stopped here for a quick meal on a Saturday night. Fortunately I had a 40% voucher as otherwise the food here is overpriced. 
This is an okay place to eat, functional rather than a night out, the salad bar is probably the best feature, and that was well stocked. The rack of ribs was well cooked but lacked flavor. Service was okay and it was not expensive. 
Some days are really good, food and service is great but others are poor. In this case it was poor... wasn’t what I ordered, slow service, empty salad cart and it was just messy! 
Me and my family eat here quite often it's better to get there early is my only issue I have for example on a Sunday they run out of roast any time after 3!Staff great and atmosphere lovely it's a nice pub and many have been going there for a long time which I will also. 
I always believed that you couldn’t go far wrong with a Harvester restaurant but my last two visits have persuaded me otherwise. 
I attended the restaurant after booking a table 2 days before. The staff were friendly and the food was very good. However the service was very poor. We had steak, no steak knives provided. We asked for side dishes which arrived after we had eaten our meal. I complained and we were not charged for them. we did not eat them. I asked for some more water, my glass was taken from the table only to be replaced a minute later (same glass) and then filled. I felt the staff were either very new or not trained. 
A good friend lives nearby so we visited for lunch. We had our lunch in the small bar at the front of the hotel. It looks nice, its very small in practice. The food is fine, nothing special and reasonably expensive for what it is. I probably would go back as it's convenient but it's not a destination for lunch in my opinion. 
Not too bad....price wasn't great and neither was it bad....approx GBP 8 for a 5 piece breakfast and coffee. 
upon entering this pub you notice straight away its modern but a country feel which is really nice.... lots of different rooms all with their own little identity and different feel. the garden is so beautifully done - lots of tables, cover, a big bbq area and lots of green with picnic benches down the back and a pimms shed! A herb garden also. Great for family day at this pub.  
had a quick lunch here.. the hummus and olives is outstanding and I did enjoy my large plate of Halloumi and roasted Veg. The chicken club looked fine too,. Service was ok a bit of laughing and shenanigans going on behind the bar but the place was deathly quiet. 
8 of us decided to book a table and go to the harvester for my nanas birthday we arrive and it was quite busy but me working at a Mitchell and butler pub restraunt my self it's understandable there will be a wait but 2 hours waiting for food and not being warned about a wait when sat down? The waitress was lovely but was struggling to cope. The food arrived the meals had been changed without warning due to the kitchen running out of a certain product then the food was cold. It turned out every table that evening had complained it's a shame because 2 weeks before the same group of us came here and had a lovely time. Overall not sure I could convinse my family to return unfortunately. The place has loads of potential given more hours to have more staff in the kitchen and on the floor. 
3 of us went today, we all selected the fish and chips. Underwhelmed. We'll try again another day perhaps. Great service by the way. Didn't really understand the comment about 'you're being too generous to my staff' when I offered a tip... 
After multiple refurbs this pub has completed its transition from average boozer to Gastropub, In keeping with the affluence of the area. 
Extremely friendly waitress and excellent service. The menu is fairly varied if not a bit fussy! The food was pleasant enough and the portions quite generous. 
I would recommend this place if you're looking for something easy. Also, on a sunny day, it would be a great location for sipping cider and having a chat with friends. The restaurant itself offers some good food but noting too fancy. It is simple pub-like food with a lovely outside space. The food is a bit of a wait and cleanness is not at best but again- don't expect too much. 
Don't get me wrong, the food isn't terrible that it puts you off ever eating in here again, its just immensely high priced for what it is. The service is good, but the last three times I've been here the food just has not lived up to its expectation. It's come out cold, missing items, and just not been enjoyable.  
Called in before a flight from Heathrow late afternoon, not busy, food arrived quickly, average service. Biggest problem was the Customers ! One lady thought it appropriate to walk over the seats passed her Husband & Kidds to her seat ,complete with high heals ! Another Guest “ who you looking at “ ! Would we come back ? NO !!! 
A good local. Had a chicken burger and a good rose. Friendly team. Quite pricey for what is was which is why I have a score of 3. Love the idea of theatre in their garden 
We had a family Sunday lunch here last Sunday, and three of us ordered the traditional roast (two chicken and 1 pork), along with a Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad and a kiddies meal (Gammon). 
I have been going to the Kent of and on now for over thirty years.  
We went to oblige an elderly lady and were pleasantly surprised. Staff pleasant. Plenty of al fresco tables. Good for families. 
We are frequent visitors and mainly visit in the summer for the lovely child friendly garden. We would eat here more often if the food tasted better. Happy to pay the (not cheap) prices for tasty food. Meat usually tough and the food lacks flavour. Service is always awful. This pub needs some proper local competition and then it will have to improve! 
Just your normal harvester when it comes to food, no problems with that! Just service was quite slow and they got our order wrong twice! Fortunately this isn’t a problem I’ve had at any other harvester but wouldn’t really go to this one again!  
We live locally and tend to try and support as many different local pubs as we can, rarely sticking with the same one. Heard they were family-friendly and not too pretentious so decided to give it a go. Kids roasts (for two 18 month olds) were £7.95 each and adults around the £15-16 mark. I don't mind paying these prices but I feel the quality of the food is lacking. Roast pork may as well have been boiled pork. No evidence of any roasting. No crackling, no caramelisation, just tons of flabby fat. No offer of any condiments with the food. When we did ask, we were given a dark brown apple puree which honestly tasted like baby puree. The roast potatoes and most of the other veg were fine, to be fair. Kids meals of sausage, mash and beans were fine but serving them to two tiny toddlers in high chairs on red-hot, adult-size plates was a bit amateurish. I don't whine for the hell of it, as I want to see places thrive but the food and service don't match the price point. For example, a similar price is charged at the White Oak in Cookham for food that is of a much, much higher standard. 
The choice of nearby restaurants to our hotel included the Harvester, we did not book and arrived unannounced, the place looked quite busy, but they still found a table for our family of four. The interior is bright, comfortable and welcoming, as are the staff. There was a wait for our food, which we accepted as we were walk-ins. Good menu with a good variety. We ordered the steak (medium) which was more well done, unfortunately. The kids ate there food with no complaints, so that's a thumbs up from them. Fair price and good portions. 
I have visited this pub on several occasions over the past year as I now have a family member close by and I also go walking in that area. In the past I have enjoyed a pint or two in this welcoming pub. So recently I took some family members there for lunch. Warm welcome was the order of the day as I looked forward to our lunch. However I ended up somewhat disappointed by the experience. Having ordered, we waited and noticed that a couple who had arrived and ordered some time after us had the meals brought to them just as they were completing their starters. I jokingly said to one of my guests they have ordered the same as us and got theirs first. It was only when we noticed the waitress whispering to her colleague "I have done the wrong table" that we guessed that they had got our food. Anybody can make a mistake, however I was really upset that the waitress failed to let us know what had happened. We then had to wait an unacceptably long time (and had to ask ) before our order reached us. One of our meals had not been a match for the other table and it looked like this had been kept warm whilst they cooked the other two meals. The food was ok but was not fantastic and was i believe overpriced. I will certainly be in for a pint again, but lunch, who knows!! 
I've eaten here quite a few times, with friends and bringing my family, and some of the waitresses are particularly friendly and attentive. Sadly that doesn't seem to translate to the barmen! When I go to a pub or restaurant, Iexpect to made to feel welcome with at least a smile, but the two men in last night barely cracked one between them, despite our attempts! On approaching the bar, not a smile, not any friendliness whatsoever - really off-putting if you don't even smile at customers when they approach for the first time. In stark contrast the young female waitresses were very smiley and very nice, making us feel very welcome indeed, but sadly they hadn't had much training. One brought us a bottle of wine and actually asked me if it was the right one - I said I didn't know - I'd ordered the £24.50 bordeaux, so if that was it then yes, it was the right one! She then put it on the table and turned to go, despite it having a cork in it. I asked whether she was going to open it - she didn't know how, so went to get one of the men, who came over without apology, as if it was all rather a an imposition on his time, and opened it with the same unsmiling demeanour. I tried joking with him, but he just seemed annoyed and bored. When we got the bill we'd been charged a different price for the wine than the one I ordered, which I had to mention to our waitress - I could hear the man saying "what do they want now" in a really off tone ... not great service to say the least! I eventually had to go over and ask whether we might get a dessert menu, since we'd been basically ignored since our mains for over an hour. By about 10pm they had turned off the music and basically the pub had emptied - which is not surprising since it felt pretty clear they wanted everyone to leave - they were drying cutlery at one of the tables by about 9.30!  
We went midweek and although it was not overbusy we were surprised at the standard. The salad bar had nearly every section empty and as this was midweek, I just wonder what it would be like on a busy weekend. We ordered steak and chicken. The chicken was somewhat bland but the steak was chewy and not good. Maybe we hit this place on an off night, but do not think we will return. 
Went on a recommendation to this pub for christmas and the food we received was not very good, I had the sea bass and my partner had the sausage and mash, both dishes were not enjoyable. We were with friends who also felt the standards had dropped. Its a shame as the pub has a lot going for it, although we felt the crowd in there new years eve were quite rowdy, and most unusual for this place. 
Standards often drop in the 'Twixmas' period and I hope that explains the poor quality of food we 'enjoyed' at DoK. The scallops starter was fine, but my traditional fish and chips was amateurish - overcooked batter and undercooked fish, greasy chips and cold mushy peas. My partner's mixed veg curry looked liked builders's aggregate - a grey splodge with a few spoonfuls of curry powder mixed in. With a couple of drinks the bill was £50. I like this pub, but on this showing the chef needs to get a grip.  
This was truly just a pub with food. 
Seven ladies enjoying a nice meal on a Friday night. The food was very good i enjoyed the duck with spiced apple and blackberry jus and my dessert was lovely too chocolate brownie. The service was a bit slow and whilst we all felt the food was good it was very pricey for a pub meal.  
Eaten here before. Were quickly seated and had quite a good server. Food was typically Harvester - edible but not outstanding. The salad bar had HOT bowls available, probably because they had been busy/ Would consider somewhere else when next in vicinity. 
We are regulars here and I’m really fond of this place and it’s staff so it is with regret and sadness that I write this. 
We visited here with our dog before going to the airport which was very convenient for a quick meal before rushing off. We sat outside because dogs are not allowed inside but as it wasn't too cold it was pleasant. Unfortunately, we we're told that there were heaters outside but they did not work and so this was a little disappointing. Our waiter also had a few problems with understanding how our voucher worked and she argued that it was for 2 people even though it clearly said it was for 6. Luckily this got resolved. The food came quickly and was tasty. Overall our experience was okay. The staff were quick to tidy up and serve people. We will definitely return again as it was very convenient. 
Good meal and value for money....we had a voucher too so really reasonable! However, Harvester....please have your toilets checked more often! 
i live near by so when I am not travelling the world i do sometimes eat here. food is quite good jf a little over priced. my daughter a biggest fan than me  
We had Sunday lunch as a family outside. Meal was ok, service very slow and a desert never arrived. Food is ok, nice desserts. The outside area is ideal for families and dogs. 
This is a great family friendly pub with a nice garden but the service today was shocking! There literally seemed to be 1 waitress for the whole pub so she was very busy hence the reason it took 2 hours for us to have 1 course.  
We have been going to Palmer Arms for years but mainly on Sunday as we go with a big family group. Because I knew we couldn't go there for lunch on Sunday to celebrate mother’s day my husband booked us for Saturday night for dinner. I was so disappointed with the food which is unusual because Sundays the food is really nice and we never had a problem. I ordered pork belly with dauphinoise potato it was really cold as if it just comes out of the fridge, in fact, it had a frozen taste. I told the waitress and she took back to warm it up when she brought back she asked if I wanted any sauce and I asked for apple sauce and my son asked for ketchup. She got back with the ketchup and said they didn't have any apple sauce, surely if you have a pork dish on the menu people ate bound to ask for apple sauce( had it many times before when dinned these) bill come wrong thru didn't add the drinks husband pointed out got an apology for the mistake, I never got an apology for my food being cold and not having the apple sauce. It wasn't a good night and I felt upset as no one come to check with food was okay or if we need anything. It was a completely different service that we normally get on Sunday when we normally go for lunch. Maybe they changed owners. 
Visited with group of friends. Main meals could only be classed as average and desserts overpriced for very small portions. Have had far better and certainly wouldn’t race back. 
It may seem a silly thing but there is nothing worse than sitting down at a table, putting your hands on it and sticking to it.  
We visited mid week and the place was packed, pre book if possible. We waited over an hour for a table for 5 people, groups 4 and under were seated fairly quickly. After an hour and 15 we asked about the wait and was then told we could order off the main menu and sit in the bar area, it would have been nice to be told this an hour earlier.  
The food was really nice, just a shame the staff all seemed grumpy and rude! We wasn't welcomed with a 'hello' it was just 'how many'. We asked to add something to a meal (which hasn't been a problem in other harvesters) and the waitress tutted and said 'The chef won't be happy he gets funny' which I thought was unprofessional and made us feel awkward! Shame though as we enjoyed our meal but don't think we will be visiting again in a rush!  
The food is very average. The service is average. No great variety for vegetarians. Children's meals are tasteless as usual and no thought or creativity has gone into the menu. Service is also average. Cannot recommend a Vidit. 
Been today for a lunchtime meal. We were there early about 12.15 on - our table booked for 12.30 pm. The service was very very slow. We had to ask when we would be getting our meal, and was told 15minutes as they were busy. There were empty table around us and we have seen it full before now and never had to wait so long. Our meals arrived at 1.30 pm and people who arrived after us were served before we were. 
Very busy on arrival & the table that we were shown to was totally inadequate. Considering we had booked this was disappointing. However, we did speak to staff & they were able to accommodate us at a different table which was far more suitable. 
We first visited The Palmer Arms after moving into Windsor 5 years ago, and have been coming a few times a year ever since. Some things have maintained over that time - the fast and friendly service (certainly in evenings), decent portions and all-round cosiness. 
Have visited a few times recently - staff very good but food is inconsistent - one night a good meal - next visit run out of ingredients - suggest an alternative and it is disappointing 
This is a new dish in harvester you should try it like we did. And you'll not regret it the mixture of sweet And spicy taste makes a real good combination. Just try then you'll ask for extra rice!!  
We popped in here for a late lunch having collected people from Heathrow. I have not been in a Harvester for many years and I was pleasantly surprised by the bright airy look and the selection of food available. Two people selected a vegetarian dish, and there were a number to selected from, plus a large salad bar; two others had the beer battered fish and chips. The portions were very substantial but nicely presented. There was a good range of drinks available. I would stop here again if passing. 
A good place to enjoy a Sunday Roast with friends; however, it was priced optimistically, even for London. It was a good hearty roast, though the vegetable portion was a bit small. 
We visited here to celebrate my daughters birthday. We had not been here for some time and i must say that its really gone downhill. Service was very slow. Food was good but the salad bar was poor compared to other locations. The personal touch has gone 
A loverly traditionally English pub with very welcoming friendly staff excellent beer and wine selection and a fine Sunday roast , very family friendly and a loverly looking garden , if you are in the Eton / Dorney / Maidenhead area this one is well worth a visit .  
Based on the location we were hoping for some nice food, which we sort of got, but on!y as pub grub nothing more, typical pub atmosphere to go with it. 
It was early in the week, and early in the evening, so it was very quiet. The menu had plenty of choice, the food was very good and nicely presented, though perhaps a touch expensive. The service was good, but not in the fantastic class.  
The good: 
I had quick coffee meeting there on Thursday morning 
Came here in February with my parents and dog and the staff were extremely friendly fitting us in and made a big fuss over Rosie our miniature dachshund.  
As a local, thought we'd pop in for a bite to eat after evening bike ride. Superb lay out and service, drinks a little pricey£10 for 2 beers. Ordered meals wife had homemade burger and chips, when I asked her how was her burger, replied ,"chips are quite nice". I opted for macaroni cheese, think it must have been in micro wave the whole time the burger was being cooked as wife had just about finished her meal before I could eat mine, just so hot, both food and ramakin it came in.  
Looks nice. Lively garden and very busy.  
Just popped in for a quick lunch and opted for the burger with a pint of lager. Service was ok and until the food arrived everything went well. The burger arrived and it was really disappointing. Bread not toasted at all as i would expect. Comes with a soggy un-seasoned onion ring and cold un seasoned fries. Clearly the chef is not tasting what's being served. 
I do like Harvester and have visited many great ones. This one was rather busy for a Monday night, and although we had to wait we didn't mind as we hadn't booked. 
Great pub and restaurant with a high quality dining experience available. Prices seemed a bit higher than average but only in line with the quality of the restaurant and the food. Nice outdoor seating area. 
Went on Saturday 8th June, very sunny day and at 4pm the place was packed. Found a table in the garden though and the kids played in the sun on the new climbing frame.  
Our first visit (since the refurbishment) was encouraging. The food is very good and well presented. Wine list not half bad either. HOWEVER, for our second visit we wanted a celebratory meal with our two children (ages 11 and 15). We made a reservation on the day but when we turned up we found ourselves shunted into a windowless function room. We declined. 
I gave this place a great review at the soft opeining however we went back a few weeks later and it was not nearly so good. I had the venison which was tasty but dry and my wife had a main course which did not compare to the vegetarian dish she enjoyed first time around. 
My two daughters and I visit many restaurants and pubs to have Sunday lunch. 
My fiancé and some friends of ours ducked in here to escape the crowds off Piccadilly Circus. The service was good, food was good in large portions and there was an excellent selection of brews and hard cider. We stayed here several hours and had a nice evening drinking, eating and enjoying our friends and ambiance. 
Have been a regular visitor over the past 40 years and in the past was good. 
A good venue for unexpected visit, but very like a B.B.Q. style. Most food is marinated in sauces & great if that is your thing, but salad bar is good. 
Although the staff were pleasant we found service extremely slow, with main dishes taking about 50 minutes to arrive after ordering. I had the seafood linguini which was in a rich crab and shrimp cream sauce. The lamb shank was also good. It took time to get the bill and even longer to pay, this in spite of the pub restaurant not being full. 
We went with our family who live down there & it is a regular haunt for them. Unfortunately they had some staffing issues as someone had called in sick & then another member of staff went home ill. The kitchen was in total disarray & although we asked for Ham & eggs with soft eggs we twice got sent 2 hard boiled eggs with the ham. Throughout all the chaos one member of staff really stood out that was Jonathon who was only a young lad & had only worked there for a week. He was totally unflappable & still found time to check all the customers were ok. When we finally got our food 1 1/2 hours after ordering it was really nice & they did reduce the bill to reflect the service. I would go back to try again as I feel it was a one off 
I visited the Montagu Arms for the first time in many years recently and the food was much as before - a not too expensive many with good variety and of course the ever present Harvester Salad Bar. 
Visited today on way back from Windsor for a quick lunch. It was a nice sunny day so we decided to sit outside with our 1 year old and 3 year old. As soon as we walked into the garden area I couldn't believe how dirty it was. The tables hadn't been cleaned and it was obvious it was being used by non customers as there were Mcdonalds bags and cups everywhere. It just looked dirty and first impressions count. No waiter service outside so we had to go to the bar and order. Food arrived and actually the food wasn't too bad. I was expecting the worst but pleasantly surprised. Wouldn't visit this place again because of how dirty it was. Shame really as it could be a really nice area outside 
The food was quite good, enjoyed the chicken burger and the seasonal vegetables. It does feel like the place could do with an update, all the furniture looks and feels worn out. 
I came here with my dad and sister for dinner. When we arrived we were told it would be a r0min wait despite the restaurant no way near full capacity. We decided to sit at the bar instead where we could order our food at the bar, just didn't get the table service. This was fine. The food came and it wasn't great to be honest. The sweet potato fries needed to be cooked for a lot longer, the bbq refried beans were too saucy and the ribs were quite dry.  
Our waitress was fab, however as usual in a chain restaurant she was rushed off her feet!!! Food was good though slow to arrive, waited ages for bill then ages to pay it off.... not waitresses fault just lack of staff... probably down to labour cut back!!! 
We recently dined here to celebrate with our family as we have done a number of times in the past, however whilst the food was still the same good quality we have experienced before we did not see the same level of service. Confusion seemed to be the order of the day with some staff not knowing what the others were doing. We also had drinks served up in dirty glasses that still had lipstick on them and when we asked for replacement glasses they said they did not have any! 
A lovely, lively pub with good food and friendly service. 
Staff were attentive at first and then slacked off a bit which meant we had to find them to order additional drinks, post-meal coffee and ask for the bill etc.  
We ordered 3 fillet steaks my husbands was tiny not 8 0z at all, this should not have left the kitchen. 
Service awful....shown to table at 4.45pm decided to approach the bar to ask for our order to be taken at 5.15pm. Waitress who took our order was good. Food arrived soon. Larger portions than expected. Bill was wrong by about £11. Another waitress brought the bill and when I pointed the wrong price out she tried to justify where the extra £11 was added on....apparently it costs extra for chocolate brownies on top of the ice Cream! Our original waitress came to see what the problem was and sorted the bill in literally 20 seconds. She was good....look you get what you pay for. It's an average priced restaurant, it caters well for kids, the food is decent -100% better than the nearby Tony's carvery, just don't expect amazing service and you will be fine. 
Why do you continually serve your sundaes in boiling hot glasses. I'm aware on busier times you must run short but seriously, before you even put the 1st spoonful to your mouth it's turned to absolute slush...come on Harvester get a grip!!! 
Ive been in harvester pubs all over the country but this is possibly the worst I've been too. Eat here while staying in the the travelodge across the road, and that only had a carvery, so 2nd night thought we would try here. Booked online only to arrive and had to wait nearly 15 minutes to be shown to our table. The waiter then tried to show us to a table where were couldn't fit the pram with our 7 and a half month old in through the gap to get to it. We asked for a high chair and told there wasn't any, they were all in use. 
Service very good and helpful. 
We have visited The Palmer Arms many times. It has generally been very good, though occasionally over booked, which leads to long waiting times for tables.  
Bit of a mixed bag on the day we visited... the sea bass was superb, the tandoori salmon was OK, the appetizers were average and the fish cake well below par. 
Arrived had to wait 5 mins whilst few members of staff walked by me eventually got seated. Service was ok nothing to shout about same with the food nothing great. Would return if in area. 
Popped in with a mate for a couple of pints, nice downstairs, plenty of seating to suit all taste, inc a couple of hideaways , however up stairs, on they was to the toilets, was like a building site maze, and coming back down the dark stairs was a little tricky for us older folk. Nice place to have a couple of beers.  
A group of four of us dropped in here and order six of the starers as a kind of table of tapas to share. However, when we placed the drinks order at the bar - ordering alcohol, and a milkshake - I was flabbergasted that they were passing off a Yazoo milk as a milkshake without batting an eyelid. Did they think we were stupid or something ? Everybody (I hope) knows what a milkshake is - for goodness sake ! Couldn't they just say they didn't have them or serve them ? We asked one of the staff to wipe the table we were sitting at outside, because it was sticky - possibly from someone before us having spilt their fizzy drink. However, she only wiped half the table. I guess that's what it says about this place - only half bothered to do a good job. This also explains why, on a Sunday afternoon, the place was only half full, when there is such massive potential to be extremely busy and packed to the rafters. No complaints about the food. Got to only give it a 5 out of 10. Massive upside potential to double revenues and get people queuing up to get inside. I would visit again, but only if the effort was made to upsize the very tight menu - only about 5 main courses - a very restricted range of what to choose. In the same vein, they are probably going to lose massive business to Beefeater, who has a much larger and more competitve offering. I hope my criticism is taken as constructive - with the intention of increasing revenues. 
Went for dinner here on a Friday evening as staying in near by marriott. Food was nice service very slow lady waiting on our table was friendly enough but was taking our order then kept stopping to help another member of staff who kept messing up a order on another table. We liked the food and the waitress was Friendly but just seemed a bit under staffed and hectic  
Lovely pub and great staff. Good choice of beers but the food is always disappointing. Will be drinking here again but wont be eating... 
Great venue, lovely atmosphere and allows dogs (to the previous reviewer - perhaps you should go to kfc if you don't like dogs). Food was good -pretty substantial portions! Only thing I would add is the service was pretty poor, management need to be on the floor more clearly ad 5 servers were on with most of them just having a personal conversation most of the time.  
I've visited this pub/restaurant several times and find it a bit hit and miss. It's lovely in the summer as the garden is big with lots of seating and at the bottom they keep chickens and have a children's slide/climbing frame which keeps the kids happy. Often the food is great but when it's busy, they seem to struggle with service. On one occasion we were told they'd run out of potatoes...seriously Sainsbury's is half a mile up the road! 
We tried this pub this week, the pub has had a refit, which looks good. 
Stopped for a family lunch. Nice staff and well served meal. While it is not a place I would go out of my way to visit it is a place to have a nice meal if passing. It is not a cheep place to eat and I cannot say it was good value but I would use it again. 
Popped in here for a few drinks prior to eating elsewhere on Sunday lunchtime. Service was good and the outside seating area was fine. There seemed to be a lot of people eating Sunday Roasts so may take that option next time. Décor was quirky. Shabby chic is the technical term I believe. My father said he expected Steptoe and Hercules to appear around the corner which I thought was a little harsh. As someone who remembers what this establishment was like 20+ years ago – today’s version is a definite improvement. Mens toilets could do with updating. 
Typical chain restaurant and can be nice when its not too busy, otherwise food tends to be rushed and shows! Puds are great and of course the salad bar is always good - providing things are replenished regularly - when its busy they don't seem to think this needs doing and often things are empty. 
I really enjoy, location place.. The Chicken wings amazing, little disappointed because dont have my favourite beer (Guinness)  
I like this place, and visit two or three times a year. I haven't been here since the chef was changed.So well over a year, I went with my family yesterday, as they fancied a roast.  
My husband and I used to love this pub, we are local and we often go there. However, we got really disappointed with their burgers when we last visited , they charge £11 for a burger and the burger could only be described as overlooked road kill. They really need to work on their menu otherwise they may loose their loyal customers. 
Nice little pub in Dorney, lovely to sit in garden when sun shining, but if your eating out there beware of the wasps. Lovely food and a good choice if food on the menu. Service is good, although one person that served us didn't know what a pitta bread was when we asked for it instead of sandwich. We explained and still ended up with sandwiches. Although not what we ordered was still very nice. Good range of food on kids menu and prices are reasonable.  
We had lunch for four today and we we all pretty disappointed with the food. Very bland roast potatoes that appeared to have been sitting around for a while. Meat and veg not great either. Last time we went it wasn't as good as it used to be either. It's a shame, it used to be the best roast dinner around. 
Great service, friendly staff but we felt the share platters very overpriced ! We would go back for a drink but definitely not a meal. It's a nice atmosphere in the place and very handy just across the road from the station  
My first visit to this restaurant. I was meeting up with friends and they had been before and said it was very nice. It took us quite a while to attract the attention of the waitress to get some drinks, in fact one of my friends actually went and found someone to come and take our drinks order in the end! 
Abit quiet. Looks very corporate, probably wouldn't make it a frequent visit but not a bad pub. Plenty of beer to choose from but its a distance away from town 
Good selection of beers. Was quite busy as near Christmas. Quirky decor. Reasonably priced drinks. Not much in the way of seating. 
We did not eat here, however we did book space for after drinks with our team. They gave us a very nice area which everyone loved. Friendly people, we will be coming back to try the food. 
Went here with my daughters and grandchildren after attending an event at Dorney Lakes. Average pub food which if you eat outside you have to order at the bar. Inside diners are served at their table. 
We visited the Palmers Arms for a birthday lunch. The food was lovely...couldn't be faulted but the service was unbelievably bad. One waitress could not bring herself to smile one. We had to ask for absolutely everything... More drinks, the table to be cleared, the bill. Even when we did ask for the table to be cleared the waitress took 2 of 5 plates away and left the rest. She then continued to lay tables for the evening! Such a shame as lovely place and great food. Customer service goes a long way..... 
I ordered the beef stroganoff, very disappointing. The meat seemed to be a mixture of leftovers from other meals. Some of the steak was cooked nicely but most of it was like an old boot. I don't understand how there could be two differently cooked meats in one dish. The overall taste wasn't good . 
First of all, I like The Palmer Arms. First went there during the Olympics and several times since. 
After a few visits to the Harvester we gave up. The food was awful and the place was a mess. We vowed never step inside ever again. Then it underwent a facelift and a new menu was launched and what a difference. As a vegetarian the menu at the Harvester has been pretty awful. Now however, there are 3 or 4 options and all extremely good. The only downside is the salad bar has the same range of foods - nothing new to offer. That said, it's pretty good value for money and the staff are great. Always smiling and helpful. Worth a visit if you haven't been for a while. 
the new décor is definitely an improvement. But the food still lets it down. 
If 3.5 were available as a rating that is what I would give. 
The staff were very friendly and the service was good. The biggest problem we had was their own sauces had no details of ingredients which makes it difficult when you can't have certain ingredients. I was surprised they didn't offer salad cream when they have a salad bar. I went for a simple loaded potato skins filled with cheese and bacon. It was definitely the most tasteless, dry, seriously lacking in bacon version of this dish I've ever had. The breaded mushrooms were ok. My partner had chicken and jacket potato. The chicken was dry in parts and the potato was hard.  
Following a recent make over this pub is now benefiting from being cleaner than before. I only hope the standard can be maintained throughout the bar area, restaurant and toilet facilities.  
I visited Wildwood on a Saturday evening to celebrate a family member’s birthday. The restaurant was packed and loud.  
Was seated very quickly and greeted by our lovely and friendly waitress. Who couldn't be more helpful in pointing out the best deals. The food was great and service was brilliant. We had a great meal for a very good price. However one downside that lowers my opinion is my girlfriend was given a squash drink with a massive hair in it. However this is unlikely to occur again so would recommend.  
Been here 3 times now, had 1 excellent meal, 1 good meal, and 1 not so good. Still, it's a nice little restaurant, good choice of drinks, pleasant atmosphere, nice outside area. Nothing brilliant, but you probably won't be disappointed. 
Food was ok, it is what it is, and the customer service was great. Sharon was very helpful and friendly. 
The decor is very pleasant but the food is only average. The main course was not overly hot and the chips were disappointing- not crispy at all. The salad bar was pleasant enough and it obviously does well. Our waiter, Adam, was an asset to the team, being hardworking and efficient, even though he was rushed off his feet due to staff shortages. It is useful if you are staying at the Travelodge or Marriott but didn't tear up any trees food wise. The beer range was disappointing as the real ale pumps weren't working. Perhaps we chose the wrong night to go....... 
Having visited a Wildwood before I kinda knew the drill. 
Visited the Harvester Friday evening 16th October with the family. The food and service were adequate. The restaurant was very busy and not staffed to deal with 
I’ve been to wildwood Hornchurch so many times it was until last night one of my fave restaurants. Service was ok, starters (calamari) good but I was so disappointed with main (lasagne) which I’ve ordered and enjoyed many times before but it was inedible last night there was massive hard cold lumps of meat in it like it was re heated or something it didn’t look or taste right I sent it back and they did take it off the bill which is brilliant but I don’t expect to order a nearly £12 lasagne and receive that. It’s really put me off unfortunately. 
Visited this restaurant for a nice change from our usual restaurant. Service was good and staff were very friendly. I don't often have steak as its not my preferred meat but seeing the steak served Gorgonzola sauce really took my fancy. The steak was cooked to my desired taste, medium rare, so it should have been nice and tender. I chewed and chewed and chewed. I left more steak on the plate than I put in my mouth. It was full of gristle I should have sent it back but after returning one meal from our group I didn't want to return another. I may visit here again ,it not in a hurry and I certainly won't order steak  
Eating area welcoming and the staff friendly and attentive as usual. A one off bad day in the kitchen? We arrived early at 6pm on a Friday night before it got busy. Prawn cocktail was dull, pork spring roll also dull, with the pastry too thick. Boeuf Bourguignon also disappointing, just not terribly tasty and meat overcooked, along with the mash (tepid, not creamy). The saving grace was the excellent beef burger and fries and the service. Putting it down to a one off. 
Starters of baked mushrooms and baked Brie were fabulous. Unfortunately the mains were a letdown! My first cheeseburger was so overdone I could've used it as a shoe liner. So when I received the second one I was expecting an improvement. This one was so raw it was dangerous! The waitress was very apologetic and quite embarrassed. Fiancés peri chicken was a bit on the dry side and the chips with both mains were soggy and tasteless! What's happened? Have the suppliers been changed, because the food is clearly not as good as before... The serving staff are friendly and professional but the food was such a let down  
We visited Wildwood in Hornchurch for a birthday meal and there was a total of 7 in our party. We'd booked and arrived early with the intention of getting some drinks at the bar however we were able to sit at our table straight away which was good.  
Although the restaurant is situated in an easy to reach place and is bright clean and spacious the experience is pretty average. 
This Harvester is normally very busy, but the night that we visited it was quite quiet. The food was OK and is reliable. We tend to eat here rather than pay hotel prices when staying at Heathrow hotels. 
A friend of ours booked this restaurant for 8 of us for Saturday night. Service was excellent and the food was cooked perfectly with no complaints.Personally I thought the menu was a bit dull and uninspiring. Pizzas, burgers, pasta and risotto mostly. One fish and one steak option. Usually my partner and I would be torn between a few choices but in the end we just had a burger each. I did had the Bruschetta for startes which I find is usually made with chopped tomatoes but was given cherry tomatos cut in half. If you're thinking of booking here check the menu online first.  
First visit to this restaurant which had a good atmosphere and was nicely set out.Friendly and helpful staff and good range of food on menu and specials board. 
Lovely location and pleasantly busy. Table ready for us and drinks order arrived very quickly. Our server was very pleasant with a lovely smile. We had to wait 40 mins for our starter.... After 30 mins we complained and our server brought us bread on the house! Most of the starters were delicious except the whitebait which had been cremated. On complaining the server said that her manager apologised and said we wouldn't have to pay for them. Another 20 mins elapsed before the main courses arrived ..... All good except one Turkey dinner which was cold. This was satisfactorily replaced 10 mins later. The mysterious manager sent another message apologising and 10 % reduction on bill.... The kitchen was very busy.... Well it was Boxing Day!! The sever was great and basically saved the day. The manager should have come to the table herself to apologise.  
Good value food decent choice on menu drinks reasonable price cocktails fair staff friendly attentive nice patio better than average decor open kitchen all round a good alternative toa Prezzo Zizzi range of eateries  
great place for that later than usual place to eat. busy lunch times but ideal ouside those hours. try it 
We visited (party of 4) recently for lunch, but I'm afraid it was nothing special. 
I had a really nice time in this tea room. Tea and scones were great. 
This was our second family visit to this restaurant and we returned because the first time two years ago was so excellent. 
We were looking forward to our meal here, but came away very disappointed and will not be returning. We had booked a meal here as The Palmers Arms was part of our youth and we had recently been very well looked after, at a family gathering following a funeral. The service was slow, although we had two drinks brought to our table that we had not ordered and were not charged for these. When our meals, eventually, arrived the pork was tough, vegetables seemed to be, warmed up left overs. Asparagus extremely chewy. When we mentioned this we were told, 'thank you, we will mention this to the chef' Sorry we will not be returning. 
This place use to be good but the choice of food not great. Need to re think the menu. Lovely staff & nice place to have a drink 
Stopped for their breakfast deal which is good value for money though I had full English and toast beans were cheap not nice and luke warm sausages were overcooked by 2 hours at least and bacon wasn't great but plenty to choose from and continental option or both for the same price seems good value if the hot side was improved 
We had a sunday lunch here a while ago and it was awful. Pineapple up the road is far better. Went for a quick meal tonight. My son had fish tripple cooked chips crushed peas tartar sauce. What he got was fish oven cooked french fries normal peas and no tartar sauce. When I said that's not what we ordered they just said, thats what we give kids!  
we were staying local, after a full day out in Chessington so was looking for somewhere to eat. We saw the sign for Harvester, it wasnt very attractive looking from the outside but as it was a harvester chain we thought it would be ok. 
2 young girls were working the restaurant. Seated quickly and ordered drinks served immediately. We were hungry and kept things simple, we both opted for ham, 2 eggs and thrice cooked chips. This was 12.30 and fairly quiet. Half an hour later and it arrived. Chips were, well, chips! 2 eggs sitting on some ham. After eating this we went for 2 desserts at £5.95. Again they were ok, but they added £12 to our bill, which along with 2 Cokes came to £34. Was it worth it? No not really, but the wait allowed us to notice the need for a general tidy up and perhaps some minor decoration.  
We sat outside at first - tables filthy and grassed areas ( I blame bad parenting ang slovenly adults) but staff should be kept on top of it - inside the toilets were disgusting - ladies toilets too small and ladies sanitary bins placed on top of flushing area - small bins full of smelly nappies - behind the main bar right by the ice machine loads of bottles and wrappers for staff to climb over - I've worked in bars and restaurants but this place needed a decent manager to oversee the imperfections - on the plus side the food was gorgeous the waitress couldn't be more helpful  
whole place was dirty, toilets a disgrace, food average, saving grace was the staff who were friendly 
This harvester is Local to me so I do go regularly and everytime I go I always end up asking myself why did I come back??? The restaurant is never really clean a few times I've been and seen left over food under tables, chips in light fittings, the last time I was there a table was left dirty for about 45mins! The bar staff walked past it a few times and only cleaned it when a group had to sit there. The restaurant itself looks soo dated and dingy. The food isn't amazing unless you get the cauliflower cheese tart,the green beans probably won't be cooked though. The only thing in my opinion that this harvester does well is breakfast. It is amazing, you can get a cooked breakfast, a cold breakfast or both for less than a tenner! I dont know if this is a general standard for harvester or I just got really unlucky with my local but your not really missing out if you keep on driving to the next place. But saying that I'll probably be going to my local again soon and leaving asking myself why did I go back???? 
We spent the evening here celebrating our daughters birthday and were shocked with the 10% service charge that was added to the already huge bill. The food was nothing special, not very well presented at all. 
This restaurant always seems to be very busy, which I find somewhat surprising. 
The food was OK - nothing wrong with it, but nothing to get overly excited about either. 
We have eaten here a number of times and generally been very happy with the great service, good food and real ale. This week however, I had to send my beer back, and my wife and father both had the homemade chicken pie. One of the pies was dry but not too bad. The other contained a lot of very very salty gravy. The accompanying mashed potato wasn't great either. For £12.95 each, we expect a lot better. Maybe just an off day? 
We visited on Wednesday 13th August, lunchtime and the car park and restaurant were almost full which indicates how popular this pub is.  
you know that it is part of a chain and basically its a fast food restaurant where the selection is larger but the format is the same  
We went to Wildwood on Saturday evening having not been there for some while. We arrived without a booking and was seated very quickly. We were attended by friendly staff. The restaurant is always clean and has a good buzz to it. Our drinks order was taken and were delivered in a very timely manner. My wife order a seafood risotto and I order the spicy meat calzone. The food turned up and all appeared to be well. The calzone was excellent living up to its name with plenty of spice. Sadly my wife's risotto didn't have any salmon or other fish in, as advertised. We highlighted this to the waiteress and stated we didn't want to cause a fuss, but think someone should be aware. She did inform the manager, who spoke to the kitchen staff. Sadly the only response we received back was from the waitress who said the chef had said he did put salmon in, which he clearly didn't. It was a real shame as it really took the edge off a good evening. 
Have been going to the restaurant for the past year and have recommended it to a lot of people. Went for dinner a few days back. The food was fine but the service was terrible. 
Although the breakfast is good value for money, the place itself could do will a blooming good clean, plus more staff at 9:30 in the morning. Good selection but the much needed fry up, was very dry. 
Food can be ordered and seen to be under heat lamps for a considerable time whilst waiting for other members of the party to have there food prepared. Don't know what it is but the green peas are something that you could use in a BB Gun or Pea Shooter. Reasonable prices though and service by waiters is pretty good. Tend to find that the Windsor Lad Harvester fairs a little better, however peas are still hard. We still visit though every now and again. 
I have been here a few times and while the food has been ok, it is not as nice as some Italian restaurants in the area. On the plus side, the restaurant itself is nice and the staff are very friendly. Also, it is not expensive 
Great food nice steaks and burgers.limited selection on menu.i like it here.its a nice service,but expensive.the drinks are well over priced.i purchased a couple of soft drinks and alcohol and spent almost £20.00.nice beer garden outside space.noisy being its in the middle of a extremely busy busy roundabout and bus route.watch you kids if there with you.i also look out for there deals they offer.it can reduce the price by half.but the SNEAKILY doctor the menu and you can only have certain dishes.i find that cunning really.but fresh cooked food. 
We've eaten here a few times and recently the food has not been as good as it was a couple of years ago. The tomato soup was particularly dreary. 
I arrived at the Montagu Arms about 9pm and was seated right away because I only needed a small table. I was aware of larger parties waiting longer. The problem then was that I seemed to be forgotten. The waitress who had been serving me then went off to another station and the waiter for the table next to me was sat down chatting to the customers. 
Visited the harvester for breakfast this morning, no problems being seating & welcomed by the usual cheerful waitress. Always smiling & very capable of managing busy periods alone. 
Went on a Monday evening and found the place surprisingly busy, possibly with people using the 'early bird' offer. Unfortunately this meant service was a bit slow and the waitress looked a bit frazzled. Nevertheless she was polite. You don't go to this place for gourmet dining and for the money it's a fair offering. 
To be fair it was very busy and very noisy. The table felt sticky. The food was average. We have eaten there before and know it has been better. 
... as in really old-fashioned. Mismatched cups and teapot, ratty chairs, etc. The tea was wonderful though, as well as the little toasts and the scones, all fresh. And the young lady who served me was very polite. But this place needs some looking after (for example some paintjob on the front windows or some sweeping of the area under the outside tables). Or else it does not justify its top tripadvisor evaluations 
This has an amazing salad cart, 
Went here for an early New Year's Day lunch with friends. We were one of the first diners to arrive with lunch booked for 12:00. Despite being 10 mins late the specials were still being written on the boards as we entered- the boards are quite big and were lain across tables & the restaurant looked a bit disorderly. There was quite a strong smell of bleach also. We were given our menus but had to ask three times as to what the specials were as the boards weren't ready. The food wasn't as good as previous visits. My husband & my friend ordered the chicken supreme. My friend confirmed with the waitress that this was in a creamy sauce- strangely it arrived as chicken over mash with gravy. Not what they wanted at all. The chicken and veg pie wasn't very flavoursome & the pie pastry top was over cooked. I enjoyed the pork spring rolls I had to start. Maybe we just got the chef on an off day?! Very average food which was such a shame for our New Year's Day lunch.  
Over the last few years I have repeatedly chosen to eat at the Palmer Arms when in the Windsor area because it was so sharp; great atmosphere, full of bonhomie, laughter, and good looking people. The food and wine was always delicious and I loved it.  
The vibe of the team room was really good with nice atmosphere. We tried the black vanilla tea which was fantastic! Also the staff was really polite.  
Visted this pub lunchtime today (06/09) with some work colleagues for a pint and something to eat. On entrance the place is clean and bright with nice furniture to sit at. 
Been here twice in the last month and I was rather disappointed on both occasions . The food was very average ( it used to be really good ). Good service , nice atmosphere .  
Do not be fooled. The lack of tables is not due to popularity; but due to the a apparent scarcity of staff. As we were eventually guided to our seats amongst the shamble of un-cleared empty tables, we were greeted by an aroma as fishy as a dancing Bavarian at a flounder circus (despite the lack of fish on the tables around us). After a number of attempts to take our orders on the tablet device failed with a "computer says no" mentality; playing the "guess what we have in stock" game; we eventually ordered our food. For the price, the food is alright. 
Service was poor, smelt of raw sewage, heating was broken, wish we turned around and walked out as soon as we walked in 
The concept is appealing but the cafe is rather shabby, especially the lavatory. Waitresses are willing but their grasp of English is not strong. Cups and saucers for sale are rather tacky. 
We booked a table which is a must, had afternoon tea, one x Apple spice, 1 x morrocan mint 1 x breakfast. 
Having tried several other places to eat on a busy Sunday afternoon, ended up here, it was ok nothing above average for a Harvester! Salad cart empty most of the time we were there, nice warm rolls on offer though. Girl forgot to bring cutlery and we had to track down another waitress to get us some...biggest let down were the toilets as they were dirty and in dire need of refurb , I remembered this from the last time several years ago when we went there, certainly no improvement, my main concern with awful loos, is what is the hygiene in the kitchen like?? Food for thought...... 
Food average nothing special and very noisy. Decor is nice and staff pleasant and helpfull but for a large party of 27 people just seemed loads more shouting off who, s food was who, s . Don, t think they should have two big partys at same time 
We had afternoon tea. Sandwiches and scones were tasty, but the cakes were a bit dry. Tasted as if they had been exposed to too much air or were a bit old. Tea cups and pots were stained and needed proper washing. Besides from that, staff was friendly and the tea good. 
Staff are nice and so is the restraunt but wasn't impressed with the starter it was a med platter but to be honest it was just a load of bread and not much else.  
As a lone traveller, staying at the nearby Travelodge, I opted to eat here. However, I had to wait the best part of 10 minutes to be seated even though they weren't busy (I was the only person waiting for a table), despite various members of staff saying they'd be right with me. I was getting ready to walk out when I finally got a table.  
Waited a few minutes to be seated then took about 10 minutes to take out order. The waitress kept saying your waitress is running late.....  
A, not unexpected, 20 minute wait for a table. There were several tables just by the bar area with dirty plates piled on them & the end of the bar was filled with empty glasses so they had obviously been very busy. 
If you are looking for a simple no frills meal this is the place to go to.There is a great choice with free salad which it self is very filling 
It was my wife's birthday yesterday, and her simple request was for fish and chips. I ordered a cod, a haddock, and a beef and onion pie - all with chips. I was told it would be a 5 minute wait as the fish is cooked to order. Fantastic i thought. I went away and came back 5 minutes later, and collected my order. Once home both fish were cooked perfectly and tasted beautiful, along with the pie. The chips on the other hand were stone cold and we couldn't eat them, which spoilt the experience. I'm not after any refund or replacement meal. Just simply advising that if a fish and chip shop can't serve hot chips there must be an issue. I won't be going back. 
Went here with a few friends . Firstly we couldn't fault anything food lovely service good. I would say we ordered a bottle of standard prosecco which I must say was Extortionate at £26.00 a bottle will not be having pre drinks first. 
ive been to this restaurant chain on a few occasions however the Hornchurch branch standard is miles below the others! We booked a table before we came and the table wasn't ready, the servers are all foreign and can be hard to understand which is very disappointing we ordered more drinks after our starter and got them once we had FINISHED our main courses. The food is a good standard shame about the service!  
The restaurant wasnt very busy but the service was so unbelievably slow, we had to ask 3 people to get the bill and clear our plates. The arancini and sticky toffee pudding was the only saving grace, the lemon tart was such a small portion of premade (probably frozen) with a drizzle of coulis which looked like it was prepared hours ago. I'll be in no hurry to return. To top it all off I didn't get the hosin sauce for my pizza until I'd nearly finished and the waitress poured water on one of us as they were clearing the table. Water glasses we weren't actually finished with. If you want poor service and food that's below average go to wildwood 
We visited this pub to have a drink and catch up with family. However, the music was so loud it was impossible to hold a conversation so we finished our drinks and left. 
I had the sweet potato Dahl with black rice. The rice was a big lump and the Dahl was more like sweet potato cubed up in mash. No sign of a lentil or coconut. It came with lemon which tasted odd with the other elements. Under seasoned but edible.  
Tea is good value as you get a large pot. Staff were friendly but the shop is overly crowded and definitely does not have enough seating. 
Excuse the pun!  
I was very surprised at the lack of social distancing and cleanliness. Waiting staff leaned across us when delivering food, cutlery etc to the table. The table we sat at outside was dirty so I used my own antibacterial wipes to ensure it was clean. When we asked for salt and pepper it was taken off another table to give to us 
We have visited a few times as a family with 2 boys (3 and 5 years old), especially as there is a slide to occupy the kids while we eat. That’s the main reason to visit. But the slide area and tables are separated by a compact row of small, thin trees. So you can’t see the kids unless you’re standing with them in the small play area. The trees have very hard sharp chopped lethal branches which are at a kids face height. Kids being kids and curious will try to stand against the trees. Unfortunately my autistic 5 year old did just that and stabbed his face in one of them. The younger got stabbed in the top of his head. The spikes either need to be chopped off to make the stumps smoother and/or remove a couple so the kids can be seen by the families who are dining, even though at least one adult is always supervising the kids.  
Visited early on a Saturday evening and it was quite busy but by no means packed. Long waits for everything and forgotten orders for drinks and rice needed to be repeated. Endless wait to pay bill. 
Cafe type establishment with mixture of cuisine. 
Visited this restaurant by chance as my friend and I were craving for Thai food. The restaurant is small. If you are looking for a great decor and excellent ambience then this is not the place for you. The food is good and tasty though. Service is slow as it’s just the owner who takes orders and brings the food to the table. I’ve been there twice. Learnt not to order sticky rice again as these are very hard and difficult to chew. Overall ok. 
we have ate at King and I several times before and the food has always been exquisite. For some reason on this occasion it was not up to scratch, food was more bland and very peppery, could not taste the curry dish or pork ribs, was very disappointing as it was birthday occasion, Considering the place is small anyway and there was was very few people dining that night because of the bad weather and covid restrictions, the food should of had more effort put into it. On previous occasion used the Taste card and got a discount and food was great, This time paid full price as they no longer accept taste card and was not at its best. Because we have dined there before will give it another chance. 
It could be a suggested place to go to when in Watford. 
Hi, I have been to this local quirky Thai about half a dozen times. Although we do like their food very much we have noticed in our last couple of visits that the portion sizes are getting smaller and smaller. We nearly always order the same with my wife. 2 thai green curries and one sticky and one plain rice. We try different starters and all are mostly ok. The last time we visited we each had 5 bits of chicken in the curry. A very mean portion size. I wish I had taken a photo. We like supporting our local Elmers End/Beckenham restaurants but we will think twice about going there again. It is a shame. 
We were a group of six middle aged ladies. Our leader had telephoned twice to confirm our booking. We only meet once or twice a year, so our days out are special. When we arrived the staff were, sadly unaware of our booking. Although the very kind and polite staff were quite helpful, turfing a group of gentlemen out (bless them), it did rather take the shine off the afternoon. We had a long wait for our sandwiches and were rather surprised to learn that if we wanted smoked salmon sandwiches they were £1.50 extra. This, on top of £15 for a few sandwiches, a pot of tea and a couple of scones seemed a little unreasonable. However, on a positive note, the sandwiches (when they eventually arrived) were delicious and the scones especially nice. We had to ask for extra cream and jam as two little pots weren't really enough for twelve scones, but this was forthcoming. We did have a pleasant afternoon eventually and the tearoom was charming but, when a booking goes wrong, it would have been nice to have had something complimentary rather than just apologies to make up for the error.  
I visited aqua on Thursday evening for an early dinner. The restaurant was warm and inviting but unfortunately I can’t say the same about the staff.  
Visited the restaurant on a Saturday early evening to take advantage of the earlybird discount. Had booked in advance and quoted the required reference. Food was excellent and not surprised as we had been to this restaurant when in Balham before. However when the bill was received the 25% discount had not been applied and when I produced my confirmation email a replacement bill was provided within a minute or so. Makes one wonder whether this is a ploy used so suggest you check your bill thoroughly before paying. 
Even though we had made a reservation they did not have a table ready for us. It took 40 minutes for our order to be taken, another 20 to get water and then our order came separately so we were eating one after the other.  
Been several times and its ok, stick ti pizza and you can't really go worng, gets busy and weekends and has a buzz about it. 
The service was really good the staff were very friendly and I loved watching the open plan kitchen. 
I will say from the outset that apart from what was described as soup (hot water with some vegetables) the food was ok. What was very disappointing, given we had paid £80 per head, was the feeling they wanted to extract as much money on top of this as possible. No little welcome drink, after all it was new years eve party, ok so maybe one at midnight, no not then either and if you wanted some bread you had to buy their bread platter. No sorry more friendly and generous restaurants around. I am sure other people had a great time, but not us. 
Have eaten here several times, not been blown away but friends wanted to go so I joined them.  
Some real positives here, including (rather importantly) the food. And early in the evening, a nice environment for a family meal too. But as the restaurant filled up, it became clear that there weren’t enough staff, so the service suffered. And it got noisy with all customers put up one end of the restaurant and the other end almost empty. This rather spoilt the environment, which was a shame given how the meal started out 
Best to download some vouchers before you go and get a free meal if there are two of you, my last visit my rack of ribs were served luke warm, I complained and got a fresh replacement dinner and was not charged for my meal, they could not have been more helpful, but normally the food is good, beer very expensive but good deals on the house wine. 
Booked here over a week in advance for a saturday evening @ 8pm. Arrived 5 mins early but didnt get seated to our table until 850pm. Ordered starters which didnt arrive till 930pm. Way too late to start eating!! Food very nice and a lot of choice. After the starters arriving the remaining courses arrived in good time. Whilst waiting at the bar to be seated it took 30 mins to be served and the round was nearly 20 quid for 2 pints a small red wine and cocktail. If you are not too bothered about waiting even when u have booked for a certain time I would give it a go. It may be less busy during the week and at lunchtimes but would not revisit on a saturday night again. 
Reading the reviews, it would appear that most people have set up a Tripadvisor account just to leave a review on this one restaurants. Furthermore they all seem to have come away from this place with the names of the people who work there.  
After our last experience in Aqua we’ve decided to give them another chance . The manager was very polite ,guided us to our table even had a quick joke as we sat down , appreciate it . However our food was excellent but we were not happy with the service provided by the “big guy “who seemed to be part of management as well . We have visited so many restaurants in and outside the uk and need to mention that half of us had our main course served with 2 sets of cutlery’s, we had empty glasses on our table and were not even asked if anyone would like a drink ... when we finally asked for drinks and we’ve been served by the same guy the dirty glasses were still on our table which we had to move ourselves towards the edge of the table . We may return as the food was great!! 
This is the first time we have been here since before they closed for the lockdown. The new menu is a lot smaller than it was. The ordering system has changed, now all your orders are taken at your table and everything is brought to you. There are labels and signs for a one way system around the restaurant. It was a bit confusing and we noticed even some of the staff were going in the wrong direction. In my opinion the food had smaller portions than I remember and was nothing special but you cannot fault the price, we were disappointed to see that the full rack of ribs are no longer available, the drinks were of the normal standard for this restaurant. Having said this it has not been very long since they reopened. We shall try again in a couple of weeks to see if there has been any improvement but at the moment it is just average. 
Having not been to an Indian restaurant for sometime we were looking forward to the meal.The starter Prawn Purée was good but things were not as good when the main courses arrived.The chicken tekka masala was very sweet as though a couple of spoons of sugar had been added.We were given cold plates to eat off & all of the maim courses were served in cold serving dishes which meant the food could of been hotter when it arrived and continued get colder during our meal.Would we go back,probably not,although might consider a takeaway at least we couldwarm it through. 
Very disappointed to get a phone call on Sunday afternoon informing us that, despite booking by phone (a week in advance) for a 7.30 meal, we would need to finish by 9.00.  
We had a family lunch for 9 of us, but there were a lot of things on the menu that were not available. Firstly, there was no raspberry lemonade and the particular bottle of IPA was unavailable. The first 3 bottles of red wine on the drinks menu were also not available, so we had to go for a more expensive wine. Finally, there was no cheesecake and when the alternative dessert arrived, it can only be described as looking like "tinned dog meat".  
We have eaten here on several occasions and have always been happy with the experience. Today was disappointing, apparently the tables in the window area of the totally empty restaurant were reserved for the 'swingers' night 8pm? tonight (the waiter meant 'swing'), it was 3 in the afternoon. He served our starters to a couple who entered the restaurant 10 minutes after us, on 3 occasions he forgot parts of our order and had to be reminded. No great dilemma but careless. The food was very good. 
Food was good (although my chicken dansak was a little sweet, my partner said the same about her peshwari chicken) & the bill was very reasonable but this place seemed to have a bit of an identity crisis.  
I visited Candella for an afternoon tea few weeks ago. I was walking around and I felt tempted by the old-fashioned style of their interior so I just went in. So far, so good. The place is decorated like your grandma's kitchen so if you like a traditional setting for your tea, you would probably like it. I had a pot of tea - quite nice but also slightly overpriced- £5.50 for a single pot - and an apple cake. The tea was very good - they offer an excellent selection of different types of tea. However I had to wait for more than 10 mins for my cake - they told me that they have to warm it up and then serve it with cream and cinnamon - sure, was nicely warm when it arrived, but also way too dry for a fresh cake -and I've already asked the waitress in advance to recommend me one of their cakes and if they are freshly made. Overall it's a nice place, but definitely nothing special. One thing I've noticed and I think it's unacceptable - one of the waitresses occupied one of the tables for herself and had her lunch and tea there while it was quite busy at that moment and there were no other unoccupied tables as well! 
We were there the three of us, my wife, my daughter and I to have a good dinner in the center of Mayfair and it was OK, I guess. I just found the food on the average+ side, but not something you would really want to write home about. The price tab, though, was definitely Mayfair, and that brought the deal slightly out of balance. But we had a good evening overall, so I guess the service and environment made up for the rest 
Lovely service by one waitress but unfortunately the food arrived far too slowly and another waiter was quite rude. Blackheath one had better service :( 
We had dinner at Ormer Mayfair and was a nice experience. We book a set menu so maybe my experience was different from a regular "a la carte" one. I was interested in the Grouse, something I like very much and off season is very difficult to get. 
Ok. Could do with some more polish around the edges.Eg. Delivered a different plate of food to what was ordered, basically asked if we mind having this one rather than changing it. Cold in the restaurant some people Weaing coats. Wet floor in toilet. Etc. 
Great atmosphere and really full and busy on the Saturday night I went with two friends, I thought I’d be in for a real treat. But the food was pretty average and needed to be more refined in line with the menu descriptions. When you order lobster ravioli in crab bisque (something that’s not necessarily easy to make at home so you order it out) you expect it to be a treat - and a delicate one at that. But the tinned lobster, lumpy bisque and absolutely massive portion-slopped on the plate with way too much dill and definitely not too much care!, was really disappointing. I did wonder whether my expectations were too high being in Petts Wood and not in London but actually why shouldn’t they be when you’re paying £17 for pasta. My summary: trying too hard to be something that it’s currently not. If they can take on board this feedback and improve the quality of their food offering in terms of product and presentation, then I’d be delighted. For what it’s worth my friends duck was also over cooked and my friends lamb rack had a lot of fat that hadn’t been rendered down. It’s these small points which if addressed could propel them to where they ought to be - where the menu implies they are. 
Went here for a Sunday lunch with friends. It's a nice looking place, the staff were friendly and efficient enough and the food was decent apart from a sad prawn salad which was basically a deconstructed prawn cocktail. If you are going to deconstruct a classic you need to ensure the individual ingredients are good. Unfortunately the mushy tasteless pink worms might have been palatable had they been liberally coated with the sauce. The other food was decent enough though I'm wary of restaurants that have long menus. I always suspect that many dishes owe more to a catering supplier than a skilled kitchen. The wine list is mostly standards at the lower end of the market. Not particularly good value but not expensive. We had a nice time but I wouldn't choose to go again. 
Decided to have Christmas lunch out this year, have just moved to the area and decided to try out Aqua. Restaurant itself looks very nice, however our lunch experience was not has we had hoped. In brief we arrived on time, but had to wait 25min for someone to take our drinks order (I had to go to the bar to get someone) after that our starters were brought to the table, only to be taken away as they were delivered to the wrong table!! Worst thing about that was they sent the starters to the other table even though they put them in front of us! (we could have done anything to them)  
Recently had a date with my girlfriend here. The food is not dissimilar to that of Cypriani’s which is a stone’s throw away in Petts Wood. Think Greek, Italian, Cypriot (Mediterranean). They even have a few similar dishes such as the trio of dips. The arrival of food was timely and the quality was not bad. Although my seafood risotto did not taste as fresh as I’d hoped. It felt like the shellfish had been over cooked and the white wine not cooked out of the risotto as it was a little acidic. My girlfriens’s scallop dish however was very nice.  
We were visiting late afternoon on the Sunday. Football on the large screen. Popular public house and Thai restaurant. Friendly staff. The carvery consisted of three different meats and selection of vegetables. Good value.  
Use this restaurant from time to time and it can be hit and miss. This time, for lunch, the food was good and the service was generally good. However, the current manager is rude and unpleasant. Needs to go back to school and learn how to interact with paying customers. 
Arrived for meal at 8.30pm restaraunt wad vertally empty. Waited ages at desk to be shown to our table. 
Went this evening on my todd. Had popadoms with dips , followed by Prawn Puri Puri starter, Chicken Balti and Vegetable Rice main. All of the food had good flavour however there was one underlying problem. All the dishes (dips included) tasted too sweet. 
I was staying in the area with some friends and came for lunch on both Saturday and Sunday as they show the football. They open at 11am, but couldn't change a note until nearly midday, as they hadn't brought the till up (I waited 45 minutes for change!). This attitude typified their customer service unfortunately - from the lady that owned/managed it to the bar staff, they were slow and unfriendly to us, although fine with what we assumed were regulars. This was to the point where we felt a little unwelcome and uncomfortable. On the plus side, there's a games room, TVs, good food (outstanding and generously sized carvery) and the place is charmingly presented (although the toilets could do with updating). This place has so much going for it, it's just a shame the staff couldn't crack a smile. 
The visit started ok, I ordered my food and drinks and the drinks were brought over quickly. After a while when our dinner hadn't arrived I went back to the bar to remind them of my order. The female member of staff had put through the order but not ordered it from the kitchen. She said she would do it straight away, and Christmas lunch came about 15 minutes later. At least our Christmas Pudding came quickly although it was smaller than expected. 
Okay pub with friendly bar staff. Food was okay and service was good. Can get a bit noisy when the sport screens come on. 
Recently moved to the area with my boyfriend, decided to pop in and celebrate moving. Decor is standard for a pub, little dull.  
Great local neighbourhood pub. They serve a Thai menu most of the time and an extensive carvery on Sundays. Enterprising.  
Its a shame but this place is becomming very hit and miss. They seem to be losing sight of the customer and can serve up food that is not apcceptable. Staff can be really welcoming and helpful if you are lucky, but more recently do not seem pleased to see their customers. 
The Kings Arm used to be one of my favourites, but since they stopped serving Thai food it became more and more disappointing.  
Great value for money rooms but shame about big crack in bathroom sink and cracked tiles on bathroom floor. Both could be easily fixed properly. Great location and friendly staff. 
Went to this restaurant with friends, only because we had vouchers entitling us to a free meal with every meal purchased. Even with this I did not find it good value. The service was good with an attentive waitress but my 'classic burger' was small and the bun untoasted making it very soggy and an extra pound for the thin slice of cheese on top was a bit much. One of the group had a lasagne, again very small portion and not particularly filling. The atmosphere was okay and the toilets very clean. however this is not lome a regular haunt. 
Nice decor and atmosphere. Thought the menu wasn't great for veggies and the choices are pretty similar to other chains. Good if you have a 2 for 1 voucher, otherwise £10 for a risotto I could make just as well at home seems a bit steep. Wasn't impressed by desserts on either visit. However the baked Brie is amazing. 
Good food but the price makes it average; neither the crab nor the lobster tasted anything special, the sauces were without invention. The wine expert was not convincing, failed to respond to two questions we had and ended up recommending the wrong wine. Insufficient. 
Have been to Aqua in Petts Wood several times, always had good food and service. Sadly yesterday afternoon that all changed. One young waiter was really condescending. He spoke to us like children. I complained to one of the nice waiters on the way out, he said "he is trying to be funny" (ha ha type), that certainly wasn't they way he came across. I told the waiter that I would be unlikely to return while this waiter had the attitude. Also been to their Croydon and Bromley branches, always found the staff at those branches to be very friendly. Its a shame how one member of staff can spoil the dining experience. BTW food was good (as always). 
Nice setting and staff, although they came across as a bit obsequious. We went because the restaurant claims to have a vegan-friendly menu. It does, sort of.  
It was Ok but that is all. Staff weren’t very COVID safe (masks round chins than over mouth and nose) and food was nice, but nothing special.  
So a mixed review  
Rather mixed feelings about our late lunch with friends!For Michelin star restaurant didn't live up to our expectations!I had a absolutely outstanding starter of chestnut veloute,can onestly say it's the best I ever had and from there it went all down the hill!We were still eating our starters as the waiter started to clear our plates away, I did asked to postpone our mains, unfortunately by the time I returned to the table the food was already there, my friends fish was cold and so did my food, they were nice and replaced it with no problem, we had Cote de boufe to share wich was not the quality what you would expect,rather average nothing exiting,taff piece of meat,!!however the puding was beautifully presented and absolutely out of this world, well..Big thanks to the starter and pudding Shef!!Would I return????Possibly yes, if just for the starter and pudding!! 
I’m assuming the restaurant has been taken over... this has been our favourite indian for the last 10 years, haven’t been in a while so was really looking forward to going. None of the old staff were there, we had to wait half hour for a drinks order to be taken (restaurant wasn’t even that busy), wine was awful, several food items were missed off of our order - half of our table had finished by the time the rest had arrived. The new staff wernt very attentive... no back ground music... just wasn’t the same :( 
My husband and I visited The Old Hall Tavern to try out their menu as we had been recommended. We found the pub to be quite busy with other customers but it would seem we were the only people eating there. Should this have been an omen. We ordered the beef and ale pie with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The meals arrived after about a 15, minute wait ,which was fair. It was quite a substantial meal but the crust ont the pie was hard and overdone. The contents were tasty. The runner beans were 'all dente' which is how I like them but my husband complained they were not cooked enough. The staff were friendly but the general appearance of the pub was not very clean. Also part through our meal some members of the staff began moving tables and chairs I guess getting ready for the evening entertainment, if in fact there was one which made us feel a bit uncomfortable as we were sitting on the stage area We would not go back there I'm afraid but at least we tried it out. 
New rules re covid are hard but staff need to be more observant so customers are not waiting too long especially when not busy... then the staff member becomes defensive with smart comments ! 
The service was very good and so were the staff but I thought the food was really poor and not cooked properly. 
A good place for food. Plenty of choice. They will adapt your meal as requested and are very good with gluten free, with staff that know what they are talking about re gluten etc which makes a surprising change in a restaurant. I would recommend them but the serving of chips with the meal tonight was ridiculous (very small handful) - a child size portion with an adult meal!, What are they playing at? I’d hate to see how many chips children get - One? Two? And by 5:30 the Sunday Carvery was finished which seems stupid.  
so you get pizza and pasta. too expensive I think. decor a bit tired. ok for a quick meal then out for drinks.!! 
Almost 2 months on since my last review due to 15 more stays at the adjacent Premier Inn, the weekday hot breakfast is no longer a cook to order, its serve yourself as per previously only at the weekend. It speed things up although some people ive heard mention that the fried eggs ( which I don’t eat) tend to dry out a bit. Its great customer service and always a friendly welcome especially from Lotte in the breakfast team. I’ve also now had lots from the dinner menu to… my favourite recommend being their Haddock & Chips. The standout members of their evening team are Ryan and Josh, once again great service, nice food and always a friendly welcome. 
Reasonably quality food but seemed to struggle with getting food out on time and hot. Lots of like warm dishes Very very slow. Friendly service. 
Have had fully breakfast 3 times in 10 days whilst staying in the connected Premier Inn. At the weekend the hot food is self service. On weekdays it cooked to order. The hotplate used to keep fresh food hot could do with being more effective. Staff were friendly 
This used to be our favourite Indian restauarant and the masala dosai is still a thing of wonder and deliciousness. HOWEVER, the waiter was so over-friendly and over-bearing it really was too muchl! The manager (away on holiday when we visited) must have instructed the waiters to be exceptionally friendly to customers; result: we were greeted so effusively by a waiter we had never seen before ("How are you? It must be ages since you were here. So lovely to see you!" and on and on in the same vein). Then he wouldn't leave us alone, chattering away about what he had eaten that day. When we could get him to stop we ordered some pappadums while waiting for our friends, and they arrived, stone cold, thick and undercooked. We asked him to heat them through, and he returned immediately with identical ones, equally cold, pale and thick. When we sent them back again he growled "They'll take 15 minutes" which was possibly a good sign. (Though when we finally got the third version, they were identical. We gave up at that point and just ate them.) The waiter then disappeared completely and when our friends arrived a minute or two later, we had to wait for ages to attract his attention to give our order. The food was fine; they forgot the beer order and when reminded brought the wrong one. Altogether, not the Vijay we remembered from countless visits - though the food is still delicious. We are not the waiter's personal friends; we just want a friendly smile and greeting and be shown to a table and the order taken efficiently. Maybe a takeaway next time? 
Very enjoyable meal for 2. 
Having read and heard so much, our visit was disappointing. Things got off to a bad start when stout was delivered in place of the ordered IPA with a claim that they were very similar. The expensive wine came to the table already opened, a request to see the cork was met with a puzzled look, the cork offered was clearly not from the bottle delivered - all incredibly bad practice, the bottle could have been filled with anything! The food was good but not great, the starters looked better than they tasted, scallops over cooked, the ravioli almost cold. The Iberico pork main was tough and the chorizo almost invisible. The cheeseboard was the highlight of s poor meal. The table was so close to the next that I was constantly been knocked by apologetic staff as they served the next table. Won't be recommending to others or going back. 
Didn't book a table but staff were amazing at sitting us and making sure we was okay. I had made clear i had an allergy to mushrooms so bar staff made sure it was changed for our starter and gave us extra onion rings, Starter was combo platter all good apart from the chicken sticks which were very watery. My partners burger was filled with mushrooms which he scrapped out himself and my chicken melt was so salty I couldn't eat it. A chef bought out food out she was lovely and even got us some sauces. Staff amazing, was told half hour wait but didn't wait long at all. Was clear they were short staff but the girls on did brilliantly  
So I booked a table for myself and my boyfriend for Friday evening, we booked it for 21:30; when we arrived we where shown a table that hadn't been cleaned. There were drink stains on the table from the previous customers. 
Friendly staff but bar always too busy for the one person who we see. Takes ages to get served at the bar. 
It would appear from the moment we arrived that they did not have enough staff and we were told when being seated that there could a long delay with the service and food. When the food did arrive, one persons steak was not cooked as ordered, another one the food was tepid. The restaurant was crowded but I did not that at 2/3 parties left without placing an order; their staffing levels did to be attended to. 
A good selection of typical pub type menu. Tasty and relatively large meal sizes but service was not that great. In fairness it was a public holiday so not sure if lack of staff was normal but not enough staff rostered on to cater for the demand. Staff were apologising for the delays etc but it was not their fault - rather management for not rostering on more service staff. But the prices are fair and the food is hearty and for this standard you shouldn’t judge it as an upmarket option. Good value for sure as long as you’re prepared to wait! 
Food is nice when cooked properly. Over the past year I have seen it go down hill. There is one waitress who is always on and she is excellent. Always willing to help and trys to find what you need. Some other staff not so great. Met a female manager who was quiet unhelpful and appeared stressed. However a tall male manager is very good. Its great prices for a family meal. Bonus card is exellent. I just feel it has potential to be so much better. It used to be better then it is now.  
This restaurant has been open since 1964, Used to be totally vegetarian South Indian dishes but now serves all-non-veg as well. Used to go at least 3-4 times a year when I lived here previously. The decor was outdated and chairs uncomfortable. As we went for lunch, there weren't many people there. It felt chilly almost all the time we were there. 
I visited on a Thursday lunchtime with a friend and chose from the set menu - £12. Not much choice and portion sizes weren't very big although the food was good. We asked to be moved as we sat near a window and there was a draft coming through. They were happy to oblige. Staff were friendly and attentive.  
We were a table of 6 and we went Monday night to make use of the 50% off steak night. 
Firstly the positives: came here in a large group on what was possibly the busiest Friday night of the year in December. The place was heaving. Despite that, the service was exceptional (I'd heard bad reports re: very slow service when this place first opened, but no worries now). Great cocktails arrived promptly. Despite a group booking, food came in a timely manner - and I have to say, the food was great. Normally when you dine during December the food can be sub standard when enjoying 'a festive' menu. Not so here - I had very tender and flavoursome Kleftiko. The scallops to start were ok and the pudding (brownie) was fine. BUT the noise! Why play banging disco music in a crowded restaurant, already loud with diners talking so that literally everyone has to shout? It totally ruined the evening for me - it was supposed to be a reunion - I could barely hear myself think. Won't rush back 
Me and my partner visited the Petts Wood Aqua as we are frequent customers to the Blackheath restaurant. We turned up to be told our reservation hadn't been taken down and fortunately although the restaurant was packed with people they could fit us in after 15 minutes. The menu is different to the Bromley and Blackheath restaurant just minor as we usually have the mezze platter which includes the starter and main however we had the mezze starter to start which was ok followed by a pesto pasta which was different to the pasta I usually get as they did not have it on the menu. The staff were OK a bit slow but understandable because it was still a fairly new restaurant. I love Aqua and was so happy to find a more local one than Blackheath however I prefer the decor and the food so would probably choose the Blackheath one in future. 
Our visit was on a Monday lunchtime- probably not the best day to visit- and, including ours, only two tables were occupied. Perhaps the ear-splitting volume of the 'background' music was an attempt to provide atmosphere. Well, it didn't work. 
Booked a table for 6 on Saturday night given a nice table but they seemed to have squeezed in tables for 2. Whilst we were there 3 couples asked to be moved from one off the tables as not much space.Ordered our starters which were nice no grapes in one off them .Main course 1 person given wrong order they did sort it out which took a few minutes 2 people had steaks which they found tough so did not finish They did give us all a drink on the house. We were very disappointed as service not good passing plates to us rather than trying to serve properly very noisy will we go back,I very much doubt it. 
Went on Saturday night with my wife. Wanted to go to Cyprianis but fully booked. This place is essentially a lower quality version of that restaurant. Service was slow to start but after it got started it was fine. Friendly enough and didn't experience any problems. Starters were the high point. I had a salad and wife the salmon. Mains were the let down. I had rack of lamb which was sloppily cooked and presented. Wife had beef rib.Tasted ok but presentation was again sloppy. Ultimately this is London restaurant prices without the finesse. I have a feeling they struggle when things get busy. With a bit more attention to details it could be a really good place. If you're more interested in chatting with friends and not too bothered about presentation then worth a look. 
Kids free breakfast those are ok and worth to eat, but not many choices! 
Had lunch here with my hubby prior to going to the cinema. 
Nice place, very busy Saturday afternoon but the staff, although a little thin on the ground were excellent. Food was ok, probably a little bit better than average but no complaints from anyone in our party. We will definitely return. 
I use the hotel every week and frequent the restaurant as part of my stay. I like to have a quiet table and sit in the bar when its available. I have worked through the menu over the weeks and find the staff very friendly. I would recommend that there are two people working behind the bar, one to take food orders, the other to just do drinks. On busy nights this can sometimes be difficult for just one person to do both and I have seen customers leave because of this. 
We have been to this place on numerous occasions and have been mostly happy with the service and the food. The staff have always been friendly and helpful. On this particular day we were there with friends and it was Friday and it was fish and chip night at the venue. One of us ordered fish and was told the fish was off the menu as they had run out.. !! I couldn't believe they would have run out of fish - who does the ordering..! The staff had to turn people away who had come especially for the fish night. To be fair the staff had an upward task to keep everyone happy and they did a sterling job. To cap it all there was a lot of delay between ordering the food and it being served. We had booked for a late lunch and ended up having dinner. Apparently the cook had walked out..!! Another gripe is there is always a queue at the counter as the person serving drinks has to take food orders as well. There always seems to be a lack of staff on duty. 
Good selection of food they have some good deals on food, drinks a little expencive but very nice place to eat and drink. 
Took my family for annual Xmas get together and meal. Immediately realised mistake when I discovered it was not waiter service. Had to write down starters, mains and drinks for party of eight plus all the variations then go to the desk and place the order. Not what I expected. On the good side we could order from the Festive menu and the normal one, so plenty of choice. Meals all arrived as requested and food was reasonable quality except for meals with Yorkshire batters involved. They were like cardboard. Staff were helpful although cleared the table while some in party were still eating. A waiter did take our dessert order at the end. I would re visit if just two of us but for any sizeable party I would go elsewhere. 
Really wanted this place to be good as Petts Wood needs a top notch restaurant but this place falls well short of that. 
Overall I was very disappointed it has been decorated beautifully but the menu is almost identical to Cyprianis. I chose butternut risotto which I didn't like (my fault) but aside from that it wasn't cooked properly to the point it was gritty. Other members of our party who had kleftiko, fish & a lamb dish also said it was ok. The starters too were average. We didn't have dessert. We had one bottle of wine and one bottle of water (our mistake we should have asked for tap) but it was £45 each. I also found it noisier than any restaurant I've ever been in - it somehow seems to be amplified because I don't see why it would be so noisy. If the noise wasn't so bad I would go back at a much later date to see if it had improved but sadly I can't recommend it 
Went here on steak night. It was really busy and the table we were at was so close to a huge table for ten we couldn't move. It was very noisy. Service was average as was the food. In fact, the menu was the same as Ciprianis across the road (which I love). When ths bill arrived we noticed they had worked out the service charge as if we were paying full price for the steaks instead of 50% off. We would have left a £6 tip even though the service wasn't that good, but in ths end as we felt we were being ripped off asked them to remove the extra £10 from our bill. 
This venue has changed hands many times over the years. I wonder why? Lovely sunny day and my friend and I thought we would give it a go at lunchtime. Sat outside which was comfortable. Waitress was very pleasant, although new. We both had the set menu. Prawn cocktail and mozzarella with sun kissed tomatoes on a bed of spinach, followed by stuffed chicken breast with ricotta and spinach with small roasted potatoes and rump steak with mushrooms, rocket leaves and french fries. £12 for 2 courses. The starters were very nice, prawn cocktail also contained avocado, which wasn't on the menu, so good if you like it. Plenty of mozzarella with very few tomatoes, but very tasty. Chicken was good, but could have had some vegetables, even half a tomato would have been nice. The steak was tasteless, sinewy and chewy, mushrooms made up for the steak and the french fries were OK. The head waiter came to clear our plates and asked if the meal was to our liking. I mentioned the steak was chewy and sinewy and he said he had a couple of complaints the day before saying the same thing and also he had had a steak and thought it wasn't good. I was quite surprised he gave me such information and thought he was going to offer us a complimentary dessert or even a coffee, but no. So we asked for the bill and that came up with the full amount on it!! I decided that as he had shot himself in the foot, I was going to get him to address the bill with some kind of discount and went inside to sort it out. He seemed quite surprised at my requested, but begrudgingly gave me £5 off the bill. Not sure whether I would return, but would definitely not have the rump steak. 
Took my family last night , Saturday , The restaurant was very busy, the server Esther was defiantly the best part of the evening, she was the one holding her section together. 
It seems that previous visits here yielded tastier Southern Indian cuisine. For some reason the food seemed dry and lacking sparkle. Incinerated onion bhajees and a dosa lacking something. The decor 
This is where Tripadvisor works well - you have two restaurants offering very similar food 50 yds apart - which do you choose? I live very close to both, and have been to Anjanaas 3 times. I thought I would give Vijay's a try. Both are South Indian by focus, though over more standardish curry fare. 
Six of us dined on eat out to help out scheme. Felt safety measures weren’t upto the satisfaction and place was so cramped.  
We ordered 4 roast dinners which arrived in good time and were of decent quality (3 veg ,beef,roast potatoes .yorkshire pudding). 
My wife and I had dinner Saturday evening. The food and service were very good but tables are too close and we were disappointed at the seeming lack of any dress code. Trainers shorts and T shirts let down an establishment of this calibre where clients are spending sizeable sums of money and expecting something classier. 
This was a real treat for my friend and I who had been looking forward to dinner at Ormer, Mayfair. 
I love the location of this pub, it’s just down a small lane way, off a major road. In such a busy area it’s a great respite of the hustle and bustle of North London. There aren’t many parking spaces but we got one next to the door.  
Food is decent. Service is average. Simple things like leaving serviettes on the table, being attentive, aren't done but you pay for what you get. We had about 6 starters, 2 mains, naans, drinks, and it came to £17 a head so very cheap. They didn't have all the drinks available on the menu, and they ran out of Kopparberg, we must've had the last two. 
Nicely decorated new Pub, football on the tv, pleasant bar staff. Good food without being exceptional. Good beer. Didn't disappoint, didn't stand out. 
Decided to go for an easy evening meal with some friends and The Cricketers was an easy option. It's a McMullen pub with their standard menu, food was your usual pub grub. Service was quick and friendly, the pub itself is nice enough and has a little garden out the front if weather permits. Prices are really reasonable, and even serve a decent coffee. Could do with a little bit of a spruce up but a perfectly nice way to pass an evening with the girls.  
Cold plates, cold food, its not rocket science, cold pasta is like rubber. It was a shame as the taste of the food was pretty good. 
This is a well decorated pub and has lots of cricket related quirkiness, as to be expected from a McMullen pubs, a chain that likes it gimmicks.  
Been to this restaurant a couple of times with family and food was great with big portions so when I saw this on groupon I purchased a coupon but was sadly disappointed as firstly we didn't get the complimentary popadum as we had on the other visits however did see all other guests getting one. This didn't really bother me, but just felt that the coupon had no value and we weren't treated as 'normal' paying guests. Also portions were much smaller than before and were served in smaller bowls and to top it all was advised that we couldn't take any leftovers as we had paid via groupon. Not sure why this would be the case as we didn't get groupon for free 
This was the third time I have been at this restaurant, didn't want to go back second time, never mind the third. 
My wife and I visited Bamboo House on a Thursday night with a Groupon deal of a two course meal for two with wine. The restaurant wasn't that busy but even then only one waitress to look after all the patrons food and drinks orders. Judita, known as Judi to the customers, did so well to manage as best as she could but looked stressed and over stretched by the management who are simply taking advantage of the cheapest way to run this restaurant. Not a good way to do business as you are driving away good customers in your failings of good customer service which is the most important part of any such establishment. Although the food was tasty, the chicken pakoras starters were served on a plate without any garnish or dips/ chutneys! This is not the Indian way Mr Manager! Once again, as so many before us have reviewed already on here, no napkins on the tables and once requested we were handed cheap thin tissues. The chicken karahi special was tasty and portion size was quite generous. Well done Judi for steering a ship which is so badly off course and management more intent in counting the money then worrying about the outcome of poor customer service and experience. You need to pull up your socks if you want to remain competitive in the hospitality sector, especially where there is so much choice to be had! We may come back and give it another try but pray that the management heed some of my advice and put some thoughts in bettering themselves overall. 
The room is OK in spite of being at a lower level. The service is impersonal and need more attention. When you arrive at your table, there is no immediate attention as nobody is taking care of you and you start to wonder when you will get the menus and the wine list. We chose to have the A la carte menu and decided to get a jersey crab and a beef tartar as starters and then a Turbot and a Jersey lobster as main and to finish a Treacle tart. Apart from the turbot , the food was OK but nothing extraordinary. The treacle tart was far from what some reviewers were mentioning. We had a bottle of white Puligny Montrachet at GBP 154 which was not good at all. The wine list is strangely organised and I didn't like it. We had to ask the sommelier many times during the dinner to get some wine poured in our glasses.  
Popped in for a change from our usual place as we saw it was newly opened. 
Went to this restaurant on Thursday worst service ever no customer care don’t go there only interested in your money 
Food was good, but it was quiz night and the service was terrible. There were lots of staff serving food but only one behind the bar. It was also worrying that one of the servers had a serious body odour issue, he was friendly and helpful but needs to work on his hygiene! 
We found the seating was a bit tight if you have a group booked in, but the sevice was good. The food was very good. Good service. 
Pros: nice decor for a Rayners Lane restaurant. BYOB, mixed grill was ok. Cons: food quite spicey, a bit overly so even though we ordered medium, food not that great, Papdi chaat distinctly untasty, chilli garlic fish was a buttered oily mess, service slow and lacking. We all decided we would not revisit.  
Made three visits to this charming little pub, first occasion had to send disgusting meal back and had average burger instead. Next visit not too bad, but the thinnest lasagne possible in microwave dish, third visit this week very poor, vegetables lukewarm and new potatoes must have been left standing for ages then warmed up, most hard and all dry. Beer not bad, staff good. Not going back, real shame, I so want to like this little pub. 
We visited for lunch as it's the new local of a friend who's just moved into the area. Saturday lunch visit. Very good draft IPA but the food average when we went. Nice little location though, in the old part of Enfield. 
Last Sunday went for b'fast eff not cooked enough it plus the beans & bacon tasted of cheap quality only the sausage was decent coffee good as usual & staff always good/friendly....very disappointed as usually food very good went with pal on Wed & had ommlette lunch much better, nicely presented good portions, tasty 
Saw an early evening film at the Olympic and made an unplanned visit to Arte Chef for a simple dinner after it finished. 
Can I say this? I don’t mean to, but I’m sorry to disappoint. I’m an average 8.5 stone, Mr me is around 9.5 stone. We were looking forward to treating our friends to the experience that is Ormer.  
I live close by so visit this pub occasionally. I would go regularly but the manager is always rude and unfriendly and though there is a very high turnover of staff , they tend to be disinterested and slightly rude also. Following his lead I feel.  
This was my second visit of which the first was excellent. Hence my disappointment. It took 35 minutes for my order to be taken, even though I said I didn’t need a menu and I knew what I wanted. I watched a table of six receive their starter, be cleared away and then receive their main course whilst I waited for my order to be taken. Clearly there is more profit in a table of six but this is poor service. I eventually received an onion bhaji starter which was dry and brittle and clearly overcooked or reheated. I mentioned it to the waiter who just walked away without an apology. I forgot to mention that my food was placed in front of me without cutlery and had to be asked for it. I have to say that the main course was excellent, chicken Biriani. It was worth noting that was seated a foot away from the group of six. My waiter didn’t wear a mask at all and brushed past me every time you came near. I saw just one waiter wearing a mask. I appreciate Saturday is a busy night but the restaurant was only a quarter full. I’m a forgiving person and may give them a second chance, but I wasn’t impressed tonight and had been looking forward to the meal immensely. 
Nice place and nice beers etc. Shame that they have to drown the food in gravy. Perhaps this was to hide the fact that there was so little meet on the plate! 
Good atmosphere, apart from the TV blaring out at times. Good for kids to eat as well and the good is reasonably priced and tasty - not a gastro but fairly good. Small garden to the side with heaters for cold days and nights. It's a nice bright pub inside and serves and good pint. 
A friend recommended this place, but I didn't think much of it...service was poor, and food cold! Maybe they were having a bad day  
Went here for dinner and drinks which was ok. Nothing bad about the meal but wasn't anything to shout about. Standard pub grub that was just reheated.  
Nice pub. Good choice of beers. Used to have lunch here but giant caterpillar in my salad has put me right off eating here! 
Unlimited breakfast awaits you here and it does get very busy after 9am on Sundays - probably best to make a reservation to be sure of a table 
This is never going to be haute cuisine. There's a limited choice of drinks but then they're not going for that sort of market 
I came here on 3rd September 2017 with my bestie and Godchildren. There is no free parking but there is a paid car park nearby. It is located near a busy duel carriageway so is not easy to just stop and go in. The staff were ok seem to be preoccupied rather than just smile and greet you. The menu look good for choice but once ordered and on the plate, was average in taste and portion. Hard to recommend overall. Room for improvement  
This used to be my dads local and was the best value pub in town - over the years it has become more modern and is a nice pub to go in especially with visitors. But I nearly fell over when I was told the price of a pint of larger (£4,20) for a minute i thought i was in the middle of london! Popular pub on weekends especially with families - and the price of food is resonable. Cost of drinks let this place down! Nice to go if you have some cash! 
Went in for one of their £5 steak meals. 
I visited this Brewers Fayre on Easter Sunday with my Dad. Whilst the staff working there are really lovely and the toilets were clean the food was nowhere near as good as the local one I usually visit in Hatfield. 
2 of us went for a couple of beers after lunch...the beer was good and the pub was welcoming...however the gents toilets were filthy...including dust/cobwebs/grime in the corners of the floor behind the door...time for a deep clean before someone calls environmental health...it's easy to put right...get it done. 
The restaurant is very nice, not crowded and therefore pretty quiet which makes your evening very enjoyable. 
Met an old friend here for dinner, convenient location for all concerned, but specifically chose it after a delicious dinner here this time last year. Don't think we'll be back - yes, they were busy (as they were last year), but neither service nor food were that good - bruschetta was poor, bread very dry with no garlic or oil, just chopped tomatoes, some basil & balsamic - how difficult can it be to get such a simple starter right? Just a disappointment after enjoying eating here last year. 
Frankly its a Brewers Fayre, what do you expect? Having read some bad reviews was a bit concerned but a BOGOF offer overthrew any moral objections I might have had. Anyway, all the food was fine, it was very clean and the staff were very polite and worked hard. Can't fault it really. 
I have been going to Pierinos on and off for years and usually have the pizza. Last week I decided to have Osso Buco because I love it. Unfortunately it was a big disappointment. Dark meat (veal or beef?) which was tough. It had to be pulled off the bone whereas it should just fall off the bone. The accompanying "risotto" was dry yellow rice. No sign of the creaminess of a risotto or the taste of saffron. 
Both had pappardelle with smoked salmon in a pink cream sauce. It was a large portion. Tasted good but for my personal taste had more salmon than was needed. Service was good. Small neighborhood restaurant. A bit noisy. 
My friends and I visited this restaurant on Christmas Eve, I was disappointed to find that after booking our table online and specifying that we had a baby with us and would need a high chair, we were reserved a table in the middle of the room, so struggled with our pram for storage and there was no high chair set out. After finally finding a waitress, it took her 5 minutes to come back with a high chair for my son.  
Table pre booked for an 80th party for 1pm for 21 people. Soon after arriving some guests were told we could only have the table until 3pm. Nobody ordered a starter, however, the 1st meal arrived at 2.20pm. We were then told that if we wanted dessert, we could go and eat in the bar!  
Have been a few times, ideal with kids, foods all edible etc but the different 'buffet' dishes they do of help yourself, twice has closed early, though waitress had informed us, we had only just sat to eat, so wouldn't know if we wanted to go up for more on just being seated.!! 
Went there with my wife, and our friends, we reserved a table, and ordered drinks at the bar, was very disappointed to find that they had no large bottles of prosecco wine, now you would think they would have had stock of that. 
Visited with family for Sunday carvery meal. Though the staff are pleasant and helpful, there just aren't enough of them at least at this peak time. One person was serving drinks as well as taking orders for food so there was quite a bit of queuing. The portions of the meat given were quite small compared to previous visits and it looked as if they were running out of the carvery meat.  
Impressively menu card, Starters were served without any garnish what so ever,(8 breaded mushrooms rolling about on a side plate with a dip, breaded prawns the same. I tried the bubble and squeak, the poached egg and hollandaise sauce was nice but I did not like the tough shredded cabbage and diced potatoes which were not very hot. The main meals again lacked in presentation and not very hot. Desserts were the best thing about the meal. I had coffee instead of a dessert which came after everyone had finished and was luke warm, something wrong with machine I was told by our waitress. No atmosphere about the place and a very disappointing experience. 
My daughter and I decided to come here for lunch because it as the offer '2 mains for £10.99 and 2 deserts for £2.50 makes this a very reasonable, today we were disappointed with the main meals the chips weren't as fluffy and the burgers were blend. However on previous visits the food was excellent. 
Visited on a Sunday in July. Carvery was tasty and the children's meals were nice. Not gourmet but tasty and family friendly.  
Having read so many positive reviews I was wuite disappointed by the service and food at 3rooms. For some reason one of the waiters kept calling me 'Boss' I would have preferred a more formal greeting. 
A well-sized restaurant with a good community feel. I’ve had takeaway a few times and like the biryani. The dining experience was good, albeit very busy but that’s to be expected with ‘Eat Out to Help Out’. I recommend the house specials but order yoghurt or additional vegetable curries on the side. 
Food just OK or not quite good enough depending on what dish you order, not as good as it was a few years ago, before the place was extended. The food is also quite pricey for what you get. 
Popped in for dinner on the way back from the cinema. Have not been to the Rajdoot for a while and standards have definitely slipped. Food is at best average - swimming in sauce without much flavour. Vegetables overcooked. The most disturbing issue is being charged £4.10 for 2 popadums. On querying I was told the popadums are 80p each and £2.50 for the chutney tray. On checking the menu after we paid the popadums are 80p each but chutneys are 60p each - we only had 2 of them. A minor point but after already expensive and not particularly exciting food I do feel a bit ripped off! 
Third time I've stayed at the hotel here. Ordered a breakfast 8.99. No black pudding no mushrooms appeared but beans did! Bubble was cold. Went to pay and they apologised and no charge.  
OK Tuesday evening in the school holidays is not the best time to try a new (to us) restaurant .It had been recommended by someone who had lunched here. I made the booking in person for dinner so that I could both check it out and choose a table. 
Saturday night, we had a voucher, it was packed with lots of loud diners, I had steak which was great. My wife had fish pie which was 'ok' she said but there was a mysterious piece of 'blue plastic (?) at the bottom. The host investigated and it was a piece from whatever they use to wipe the crockery tray they use to house the pie. No problem to us and the host was amiable and efficient. The non stop refill idea on the drinks is a good idea and this would've been a score of 4 had it not been for the overall feel which, because of the 'get as many tables in as possible into the space' policy, was not great for us to be able to talk during the meal? I'm probably being fussy but worth pointing this out if there are just 2 of you? 
I came in here with my elderly Father and ordered an omelette with salad for myself and poached egg (s) on toast for my Father with is his staple food when we are out. The omelette was a little on the small side compared to other cafes but was excellent with plenty of filling and the salad was fresh and nicely dressed and served with 2 slices of toast. At £6 I thought the omelette was a little expensive but this is not a cheap area so fair enough. What I was surprised about was the poached egg. In every other café I can think of you get 2 poached eggs on 2 toast. Here my Father just got 1 poached egg on 1 slice of ordinary cheap white bread - such a small portion that I passed over some of my omelette. What amazed me that the cost of this one small poached egg on 1 slice of toast was £4.50!! I queried this with the owner who very firmly but politely explained that this is a very pricey area. This may be the case but no more pricey than say South Kensington or Fitzrovia where you can get similar food far more cheaply. Even here you can get a Full English Breakfast with a hot drink for £5.50 - £6 so I did feel just a bit ripped off which is a shame as in other respects this is a very nice café and unique as far as I know in this area. 
Had dinner with colleagues at Ormer recently. Wonderful restaurant. Great décor, great feel to the place. Exceptional service. Food was amazing. However, when my Entrée arrived, I was shocked. The plate didn't have a meal on it. I ordered the Dover Sole (which came filleted). There were two slim filleted pieces of Sole, a thin sliver of smoked salmon, an egg the size of a 10 pence piece and some other small bits on the plate. We were told the Entrees came as a meal, so additional sides weren't required. I wasn't the bill payer, and was dining with colleagues and didn't want to be the only person asking for extra sides with my meal. At £35 just for the Entrée... I thought it wasn't right. I have eaten in some wonderful restaurants and I have never seen such a small portion for an Entrée meal.... The plate of food was a work of art.... but its just not an Entrée meal. Photo Attached. 
We went in a group of 8 after several people had recommended this place. It was a Saturday evening and the place was packed. Service was prompt verging on hurried. What was most disappointing was that everything we had ordered, (a mix of veg and non-veg dishes), all tasted bland with no real distinctive flavor or depth. It wasn't horrible by any means, just not very good either. With the other choices available reasonably near by, this is not a place I would look to return to anytime soon. There are a number of Indian restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place that are significantly better both in terms of taste and value. 
Busy but basic, clean good service, foods very basic/bland. Been there on two occasions with a group of friends, 
Visited on a quiet Monday night and whilst the service was bubbly and enthusiastic, the food was very average which, in this day and age, is disappointing. There was no wow factor and nothing which would encourage me to come back. 
Felt really rushed as it was busy. Staff were good and managers were pleasant. Food was average at best for the prices your paying .. rice was definitely reheated it was sticky and some parts hard definitely wasn’t fresh. But honestly there’s better Indians for half the price we normally average £30 for a meal between two with no alcohol our bill was £60. Also don’t like the fact they add a charge of 10% onto your bill. We didn’t leave a top as we pie £6.80 on top of a meal that was just Ok. Not bad but not amazing for how expensive some items are on the menu.  
Just had a take away from here. Walked in and not even a good evening or hello. Food was average with no flavour. Only 4 pieces of lamb. Back to our normal takeaway now. Masala in Eastcote  
Looking to try somewhere new and on our doorstep to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary - we thought we'd give this a try. My husband booked at table at 7.45pm on Saturday and we were hoping we were in for a relaxed enjoyable evening. We arrived at 7.50pm and were led to our table. Having taken a seat, the waitress came over and her first words to us were 'we need the table back by 8.50pm, you were told this when you booked' My husband explained that we hadn't been told anything of the sort. She then disappeared leaving us with the menus. I suggested to my husband that we go somewhere else, as giving someone less then an hour to eat what was going to be a fairly expensive meal was not the experience I wanted to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  
We visited on a Sunday lunchtime and we had a party of 10. The decor and tables were all great. Staff were friendly and attentive but we found the service confusing. First drink had to be ordered at the bar but after that the waitress could take orders for subsequent drinks. Then food had to be ordered back up at the bar but desserts could be ordered with the waitress! It was a bit confusing! At one point we got delivered a meal for another table and the waitress seemed confused as to where the tables were and expected us to be the ones to confirm what table she was delivering to. That all said, the food was good, some of our party opted for the cavern which was good too. We would visit again. Booking is advisable. 
We have been 3 times now and like the previous reviewer, found there was no roast chicken - for the second time running. The previous time they had no haddock. They also ran out of Stella Artois at the bar! There are usually offers like 2 for 1 or free desert and the bonus club means you can get points for a free bottle of wine for example. It is handy to go for a reasonable meal not too far away but it needs to sort out its stock control. Quick and friendly service. 
Visited on a Saturday afternoon on a break from shopping. Very nice inside warm with a friendly atmosphere. Did not book but was only three of us and was seated in the mane restaurant. Got some good beers and ales but for a cup of tea you get your tea bag and your cup and then it's up to you!! Can not see this catching on. Food is pub food but good and value for money.nice chili hotdog good fish and chips. Sausages a bit over done but a menber of staff on taking the plates away did apologise and was afford a drink on the house. Must say there is some very good and on the ball staff working here. Keep up the good work!! 
Reasonable food and drink for the price. Our steaks were good and cooked as requested. Very friendly wait staff. 
So I visited on a Sunday afternoon there was 12 of us in my party. The regular menu was available as well as the carvery, although the que for the carvery was exceptionally long. Some of my party had the carvery some had the main menu the carvery didn't have a very good selection of vegetables unless you like cauliflower cheese or other vegetables in cream, standard carrots wouldn't of gone a miss!. The regular menu was ok if you like pate with Branson pickle! And the children's burger was dry and the chicken was wet not the greatest place for a nice Sunday afternoon meal. 
We had heard rave reviews about this restaurant so had decided to treat mum to a take away on Mothers Day. 
Never been before but met my friend here for dinner with our kids. 
I've been eating in Rajdoot on and off since before they expanded and had the makeover. It went from being a traditional indian restaurant serving OK food, to a large modern restaurant serving OK food. Personallly I dont like the decor - it reminds me of a hairdressers and makes the place very noisy. The service is OK, the food is realiable, if slightly uninspiring. 
Stayed at the Premier Inn next door. 
Had a lovely meal and staff were very polite but luckily I checked our bill and we had been overcharged £12. We pointed this out and got an apology but its made me question if this was a genuine mistake.  
Perhaps I was expecting too much, but it didn't live up to my expectations! Starter, lobster ravioli looked great but was on the chewy side and lacked flavour - and was almost cold. My main course of turbot was much better, very tasty, but unfortunately the pickled clams or whelks which were served with it were very gritty. My dessert of treacle tart was underwhelming. The restaurant is nicely decorated, atmospheric - the staff efficient and friendly but it's possible to spend a lot less money and get much better food. 
Whilst watching Masterchef back in the Spring we saw Ormer Mayfairand, most importantly, the cherry dessert being featured. The cherry dessert sounded like the pud of my dreams and so, for my birthday, my husband booked us a table. 
Only one choice of rose wine Whispering Angel at £45 a bottle. Really. 
I used to go Rajdoot many years ago, when it looked like the 'old' photo on their website. We revisited six years ago, and I was delighted that the quality of the food had not changed. Visiting the area again for a family event we decided to go back. Oh dear. We had an early booking so the place was not yet full - our meal took over an hour to arrive. The quality of the food has deteriorated - run of the mill, overly salty, and expensive! 
I've had several takeaways from here and food has been great. Myself and my partner decided to eat there last night. The restaurant was heaving and a good atmosphere. We ordered our food and took a bit longer due to it being so busy which was fine. With my dish came a salad and the waiter asked if I wanted the salad when he brought the food over so I said yes. I noticed the salad leaves were going brown so I avoided those but ate the slice of cucumber and tomato. The waiter looked a bit sheepish when asked if I wanted the salad, I should have clocked it! I also only had one glass of wine.  
The decor is good, staff were pleasant. The service a bit slow. We had breakfast - the portions were small compared to the top price. On top of that a 12.5% service is added. They are trying to charge for top price and service for average food. Decor and seating is excellent.  
New restaurant which we are told is an independent surround by chains, so was disappointed . The starters were overpriced for what they were costing £14 The main course of the beef bourginon was very tasty but the fish was uninspiring The bill of £92 with 2starters, 2 mains , I pud, 1 coffee and a bottle of house wine, I thought was tooo much with the standard of food 
The previous Castello restaurant, was rather poor, hence its closure. We had high hopes for this new establishment, but still needs to improve to remain in business. They are competing in a town with a plethora of eateries. Not sure we will be back. 
Food adequate, service good, not alot of atmosphere and nothing you wouldn't expect from the chain. 
I dined at Raj Dhoot tonight for a work customers leaving do and the place wasn't very full - Thursday 19th January 2017. 
Food excellent, service friendly and attentive. However we had to wait an unacceptably long time for dessert by which time the restaurant was full and the noise level at the back unacceptable. Expensive. Ask for a table at the front and be prepared for a good but costly wine list.  
To begin with we asked for the Salmon Salad, but the fish was not on the menu.We changed to the quiche with salad and jacket potato. The quiche was hard including the pastry, which indicates it might have been left over from the day before.  
tried this as fed up with crook log.. Booked. Table which is good as table was ready for us no queueing, very clean, but give it 6 mths!!.. You have to give your table no and order your own starters and mains at a counter, queue!! They have a different chef counter each night which is a good idea, I decided to go for that, it was Mexican, which was terrible!! .. But my friends ordered from the menu and said it was lovely.. Service ok, she didn't have to do much with us, but was friendly and always around .. I wouldn't go back to the crook log now even tho this is dearer, purely because the atmosphere, food, seating...in fact everything, is better 
Having read the reviews, my partner and I tried not once, but twice to visit on a Sunday only to find that it was closed just after 3pm! According to their website they are open until 5pm on a Sunday? 
Saw restaurant on Masterchef and thought we would give it a go. Conveniently situated near Green Park tube station in The Flemings Hotel in Mayfair. First impressions was the venue was a little dingy no natural light with dark decor. Wooden woobly tables and no tablecloths. However staff were very pleasant and welcoming although maybe a little too attentive for our liking but maybe that was because it was early and there werent many other diners in restaurant. I had lobster ravioli and turbot both were delicious but the raved about treacle tart with accompanying wine ( which I didnt think complimented dessert) was nothing special. My husband had the Jersey Crab and Iberico Pork and Apple Crumble for dessert - all three were quite nice nothing amazing. 
I was really looking forward to eating at this restaurant but it was all a bit underwhelming. The dining room is very nice and comfortable and we had a big table, probably the best in the house. The service was friendly and faultless. My starter of beef tartare was nice enough but not spectacular, the rabbit starter was very good and the crab starter ok. I had loin of lamb for main which I foolishly followed the maitre d's advice to have it medium rare. It was over for me and tough to boot. The Iberico pork with squid was interesting but again average. The highlight for me was the Apple crumble which really was very cleaver and excellent to eat! The wine list is well set out and very good and the wine we had, a kiwi Sauvignon Blanc, was both excellent value for money and delicious - we had to have two bottles. All in all it was quite good and not too expensive at £80 per head all in but not worth the two months wait during which we really got very excited in anticipation.  
I work in the local area in the food business so I'm always keen to try new establishments. Visited with my daughter & were greeted by a very friendly member of staff 'George' He showed us to our table & explained how to order. We ordered chicken & the curry deal. Even though it wasn't particularly busy I queued for about 15 minutes then noticed some tables were receiving table service which confused me a little. If George hadn't explained how to order then I feel i probably would have been sitting at my table for quite a while waiting for someone to take my order. The food was ok, nothing to write home about & the decor was pleasant but you would expect it to be as this is a new building. I feel Harvester do this concept a whole lot better (maybe George should consider working for them instead)  
There was nothing to fault with the food or the service but then again there was nothing to write home about. They run a themed buffet style counter after a certain time that seemed popular. 
A nice venue considering its new, the food was ok and for what it costs a little disappointing. 
I used this Brewers as an hotel guest. Being Mother's day I heard it could be busy but at the bar I was just advised to come after 6pm -no reservation offered. In the evtn it was not quite as manic as expected so I was seated and servbied quite quickly. There is nobody waiting for new arrivals so I just spoke to the first waitress seen. It was not clear if the carvery was in the meal deal but I ordered a two course off the menu.. Mysteriously a third of the dining area had no sauce dishes, and I was asked if I wanted any. However, the waitress failed to come back and I ate my chips with the chicken and ham pie and peas without Ketchup. Later I had the cheesecake and a Fanta - no ginger ale available. The restaurant is on a main road with no external tables or garden, and can be dark or perhaps rather warm on the street side later in the year. Photos are on Premier Inn reviews 
This has recently opened and we wanted to try it out.  
We have gone to this restaurant many many times over the years, and we have always looked forward to this. What used to be amazing food and and even more amazing service has now declined considerably. The food is still good but no longer amazing, it feels like they may have changed ownership and the entire kitchen staff and also the way that they make and present the food. Also the serving staff, there is one particular gentleman who has been served us the last 3-4 times that we have been there and it feels that he may be the owners son as that can be the only reason whey he could be that inconsiderate towards customers that pay his wages. He does not let you order as he keeps interrupting you when you order, he practically throws the cutlery at you and one of my personal hates is the length of time to clear away after finishing each course, there is no excuse for this especially when the restaurant has only 6 other diners in. I work in hospitality and I know and appreciate good service as this is what I would expect from myself and my team and this was definitely not good service. I have now given this place the benefit of the doubt 2 times and from now on we will spend our £150 elsewhere as there are loads of other great indian restaurants in Ruislip high street and Pinner to name but a few 
We went to Brewers fayre in Bexleyheath for lunch on Saturday. There was 28 of us so this probably explained the slow service. The food was distinctly average, but there was no shortage of people in the bar waiting to be seated in the Resturant so it can't be that bad ! The waiter was faultless, he worked his socks of to make sure we had everything we needed. 
Food was average mashed potato came up cold though, but better than a meal we had at the harvester last week would come again only next time would make sure they got it right 
We recently visited as we were given a compensation voucher due to shocking service at the Sidcup branch. 
Beautiful place & warm lovely maitre d’ greeted us. I was taken aback when waitress was unhelpful & surly about vegan options - which in this day & age and in a restaurant of this calibre surprised and disappointed us. Eventually established risotto would be vegan but was pretty much told I couldn’t have a starter and no offer to find out if the chef might do one. I wondered if I might have a salad to start - “oh I suppose so”. Others enjoyed their food but all felt portions small. Rushed out at end with bill slapped on table..  
If you have been to a brewers fayre before you know what your getting. The staff were all friendly and helpful. We ate the Buffet and so we had no wait for food at all. The only down side was that we were sat next to a table of 4 boys who were quite rude and loud (F this F that, where's my food etc.) But I would eat here again 
Pretty boring and usual fayre on offer, but any port in a storm. No veggie sausages at breakfast but clean and functional. 
We opted for the Tasting Menu and, wow, what a flavour sensation. Hats off to the chef - some of these courses literally stunned us into silence. 
We tried this out only within a couple of weeks of opening, so maybe there were teething problems. Food was average and although the staff tried very hard to be attentive, the slowness in getting food out to customers was out of their control. I wouldn't necessarily bother going back but useful as it is local, walking distance and a back up if I can't get in anywhere else. 
Four friends and myself had the carvery last week. What a disappointment as far as I was concerned. The beef was tough, so much so, that I left it. The turkey was well cooked but dry. 
visited this place, nice and clean but dishes were dirty in that they had not been washed properly. More attention to detail. The food and atmosphere was fine. Got a hair in my bbq sauce. Quickly resolved tho. Will return. 
Breakfast in the morning after staying overnight in adjoining hotel was adequate at best. The staff were ok and service was ok. The whole experience just lacked a little oomph !! 
We went for a friend's birthday. We were a party of 8. The main course was good enough, but a bit boring. The lemon meringue pie was delicious. The service was a bit slow. The restaurant is clean and tidy. We had vouchers so it was a very good value meal. 
So busy on a Saturday night that you will be waiting nearly an hour to get your food when in a group (there were 14 of us). 
Booked for seven people for Sunday lunch to celebrate my birthday. Was shown to our seat promptly and was informed we had to chose our drinks and meals and pay at bar first using our table number. Young man at till processed our order efficiently and organized the drinks. Three of us chose a carvery with a selection of 3 roast meats, and an adequate choice of veg although no broccoli or carrots. Also chosen was a new Yorker burger, mixed grill and gammon, all seemingly well cooked. Desserts were creamy and chocolaty and popular with the children. Not much service offered but plates were cleared away by a friendly waitress. All in all, a fairly average visit but no major faults. 
My problem with Rajdoot is that its become a victim of its own success. Once it was a small, cosy curry house now it has become a beautiful modern restaurant with prices to match. The food is good but the portions seem to have got smaller whilst the prices get bigger. 
I admit this was in December when many Christmas parties were taking place however we had finished our poppodoms and still not had our food order taken. The drinks were slow to arrive and getting further drinks involved waving furiously at the waiters. Food though was delicious with great flavours and choice. 
Nice and comfy,but that's all.took 40 mins from ordering food to get it.too slow,food was just warm. The buffet food was cold and dried up.took ages to get drinks at bar.first time and last time to visit 
Although the food was good, the service was awful! A very busy restaurant but we had to ask to order twice and waited ages to order drinks. We were not made to feel welcome so will not be returning. 
good food however service never told us you have to order yourself at till sitting there for 20 minuets before we thought to try it. BAD customer service  
Inexpensive place catering for all the family. As a new build the décor is good and the dining room pleasant. The staff were helpful and friendly, 
we were there on a Saturday night, so it was busy. Called them to book a table and were not disappointed. The staff were very friendly and service was excellent. 
Popped in early for breakfast with work colleagues  
Pleasant setting, greeted by surly waiter who did not look at us or smile. The rest of the staff were pleasant, smiling and helpful . After being seated we were handed menus one of which smelt of beer, was wet inside and smeared.with food. Not a good start. Long wait and had to catch eye of waiter for order to be taken. After that things went well. Food served quite quickly and was very tasty. We eat in Indian restaurants regularly and cook Indian food at home without the disastrous results that followed the morning after our visit to Rajdoot ... we won't go into details! 
Our experience at the Brewers Fayre was good. We ended up eating an evening meal here as the family who were also staying in the Premier Inn were late arriving and it is convenient for the hotel. The service was generally good although this was let down by the food.  
Traditional unpretentious English street cafe, stopped for a quick lunch of salad and jacket potato. Nice, fresh food, friendly service and reasonably priced. Looked like a good selection of other menu items, will try another time. 
We ordered 2 sunday roast dinners “pork belly & chicken” and i had the brit dog baguette. 
A Saturday evening 8pm visit to this comfortable restaurant. Our meals came so quickly that obviously they were pre-prepared and heated up rather than cooked to order. I used eat here each week until the restaurant expanded. Sadly it is far too noisy at weekends which might attract some diners but for me I like to be able to speak to my guests, rather than shouting over the noise of the all too audible canned music and the general chat of so many diners. Service was excellent and the welcome was first class and reasonably priced - just too noisy for me! 
I came here today with my Father. He had a baked potato with beans which was ok and reasonably priced. I ordered a focaccia with cheese and tomato and salad which was poor. It had so little filling that it was almost just bread and the focaccia itself was like pitta. The proprietor asked how mine was and I indicated it was not brilliant and he just smiled so perhaps he did not understand that I was politely saying it was not very good. I would give this place another go but not for a sandwich. 
We go here regularly as quite local. It's very friendly the manager always comes over to say hello. The food is always good especially the biryani. I would recommend it highly. 
A very nice pub with good food and well laid out to cope with the current epidemic. 
I have visited Chakra bvefore and I've always been very satisfied with both food and service. However when visiting their Kensington restaurant in Holland Street with colleagues from work last week, we were very disappointed. The food was good but the wine pairing was of poor quality and extremely overpriced. The waiter was very unprofessional and almost unable to understand english. The overall experience was disappointing. If you're looking for a high quality Indian restaurant I'd look elsewhere. 
A fairly plain eating environment,more cafe than restaurant. 
Popular place to eat. Char kwey teow good. Nasi lemak ok with deep fried chicken. Grass jelly drink very refreshing. Friendly service. Very close to Paddington tube station. 
Most of the sizzling dishes are about a tenner with out rice. So two curries two rice, nan bread, veg side and two large beers, 5 popadoms was 58quid. More than enough.  
Very authentic malaysian food, interesting menu, dishes well presented, good service, reasonable prices, no alcohol. All in all, OK but not amazing 
I usually go to Spice as I have become disillusioned with Rajdoot this last couple of years but went as we were friends who wanted to go there. It was packed for a Thursday night. Food was OK but the staff just seem so grumpy. When they were handing out our meals they were literally throwing the plates at us. It was good value for money for what we had but I still prefer Spice. The atmosphere in Rajdoot is too busy and noisy. 
Nice traditional Pub right next to the long walk park in Windsor. Pleasent Barstaff and clean surroundings. Food menu looked good too so in our opinion worth a visit..  
There’s plenty of positive reviews for Chakra here so I want to caveat mine with a simple fact – I ordered a starter and a main curry with a steamed rice. Hardly a comprehensive tour of the menu…  
When friends who were visiting London were staying in a nearby hotel in Paddington / Bayswater, or coming off a train, often I would take them to this Malaysian restaurant. 
Came in here with my girlfriend one Sunday. We were walking down the Long Walk to Windsor and spotted the pub. Location wise it's nicely out of the way of the touristy centre of Windsor. 
Went here for a quiet drink over the Easter weekend. Unfortunately the conservatory has been turned into a creche. Lots of noisy children running riot with parents too busy drinking and shouting themselves to care about the noise or children's antics and no attempt by staff to deal with it. So if you want to drink and let your kids run riot this is the place for you. 
Great food, genuin and lots of taste! BUT be careful about their own orderingsystem. The prices put in the meny consider only the mail dish/meet. In our case we order an Amazing Tikkimasala, but the plate came without rice and When we asked for it They consider that as a charged plate on the side. I have never seen that before anywere around the globe.  
The chicken satay was the best I have ever had, but beef rendang was quite disappointing. It wasn't spice at all. Quite reasonably priced given the location. 
Met with some friends here for Saturday afternoon drinks. I have not been here for 15 years but the main bar had been tastefully decorated and there was a good selection of lagers and cask ales. Drinks did seem a bit on the pricey side. 
We liked Rajdoot when it was in its previous incarnation but since it expanded and modernised the decor is very plush but the food has suffered. We don't go there any more. 
This is a small pub with not a lot of tables, there is construction going on of a conservatory at the side which will provide more space in the future. It is a bit pricey for pub grub and wine. The food was good (mint pea soup was tasty) and the service was given efficiently by the lone bartender Jack. The parking is a bit restricted by the construction. Worth a visit if one is doing the Long Walk from the Castle and needs a break. 
First visit on Saturday and it was packed. Obviously very popular and the food is of a good standard, and the staff are friendly. There were Indian families in there which is generally a good sign. Comfortable tables and good atmosphere. Probably one of the best in Ruislip but, unfortunately I have been to Maliks in Gerrards Cross and no curry restaurant has ever matched them for food quality - hence my average score. 
Went for lunch with some work colleagues. It's a nicely decorated place with quirky furniture. There was a wide range on the menu but I chose a feta, red onion and cherry tomato ciabatta. The ciabatta wasn't toasted and tasted on the verge of going stale. Other than that it was ok but a bit of a disappointment.  
I went with a friend at lunchtime on a Monday, the waitress who took our order was friendly enough. The main courses arrived 5 minutes after the starters. My renddang beef was a complete disappointment, this was the only reason for us being here. The beef was old and the taste was not rendang but more like a massamam. Yes I was not happy. The waitress asked if everything was ok and I said the taste of this was not rending. She spoke with the older female at the counter and that was all. Nothing further. My friend enjoyed her seafood noodles we paid in full and left never to return. The restaurant had had two groups of diners, 4 and 6 and they all spoke Malay. Their food looked appetising and fresh. Nuf said. 
Had difficulty in finding a car park within the Windsor castle long walk area vicinity and decided to use their car park, had to buy something to justify my stay requested for a fish and chips with a J2O, the drink was served cold with ice, perfect for the weather, nice presentation in a large plate, big portion of chips and at the same time i find the fish lacks in seasoning, went to the toilet and it could've been a better experience had it smell pleasant, i also noticed a lone insect flying overhead, not too interested with my food but annoying as i was eating 
The Sunday roasts were really tasteless and swimming in gravy the menu is the usual pub grub, service was fine but would not bother returning. 
I've been going here for years and since the refurbishment it's been hit and miss. Had a friendly welcome but a pretty grumpy waiter. Food was lovely but portion sizes have shrunk. Will go back as its handy and local. 
Since the refurbishment of this restaurant I believe the quality of food has gone down. The service and welcome we received was very good on the other hand. But I believe there are other indian restaurants serving better quality food in the area. 
Went with friends last evening for a meal.Have been there a few times last year.The decor is 
We dined here with Groupon, two courses. Visited Chakra when they were at Notting hill gate, this new location is on a much smaller scale yet tastefully decorated, front door needs attention to allow it to close properly as it was a cold evening. Arrived early and was allowed to sit before opening. Samosa and fish to start, beautifully presented and flavoursome. Chicken tikka and prawn curry, again flavoursome but not enough prawns! Rice and nan delicious too. Wanted cheesecake for pudding, wasn't available along with ginger beer for my cocktail! A pleasant evening, would've been nice if there were more diners, to add to the atmosphere. Waitress was pleasant and helpful. Location off Kensington church street, however close to tube station. I'd return if the 6 course tasting menu was available as this was good value and offered a good selection of food. 
Visited on a Saturday night. The restaurant was almost empty which is not a good sign. Friendly service but a disappointing meal. The popadoms were poor, appeared to come out of a packet and were not fresh. All the food tasted as if it had been heated up in a pre-made sauce rather than cooked from scratch. I had hoped for more and only went there because they posted a menu through our door advertising for their delivery service. There are other much better options locally. 
I am certainly not an expert on Indian food but I can say is that I've enjoyed my meals at Rajdoot. I've dined there with friends on three occasions and each time we've had good service and delicious meals. It is a comfortable space and on each occasion it was rather busy. 
Went to visit the castle. Checked website which said open til 5.15. Refused entry at 3.30 as last entry is 3pm. Doesn't say that on website. Disappointed but found a great ice cream parlour in town. Town is lovely. Be aware car parking charges very high £8 for up to 3 hours  
We had lunch here with a friend. Luckily he was Malay so he knew what to pick. The food itself was tasty however everything was swimming in oil that I couldn’t really enjoy it. The restaurant is small and busy with locals. I wouldn’t rush back just because it’s way too oily. 
Getting in without a reservation on Friday - thought it was good luck, but the less than full restaurant was perhaps testament to the fact that the food just wasn't up to standard. 
I have been coming here for many years and each time I go recently the less I enjoy it. The waiters would not leave us alone for our order and we said that we wanted 10 minutes to enjoy the wine and browse the menu however this didn't stop other waiters from coming over and trying to get our order. My friend had literally laid her fork down on the plate and the waiter had been watching, came over and asked if we had finished.No we hadn't! He went away and came back 10 minutes later and asked if we were slow eaters. The food was lovely although didn't seem to be as big in portion as usual. I found the staff to be quite rude and brash last night and it wasn't really the relaxing evening I'd been looking forward to. They just seemed to want us out to get more people in. 
This was a lovely welcoming pub with friendly staff however some of their food did let them down a little. Four of us had a meal sausage and mash with red onion gravy very nice, Pulled Pork burger with the trimmings again good, ham egg and bubble and squeak the ham was hand cut and lovely but the bubble and squeak was cold and not the best i had tasted however when mentioned to them we were later offered a free drink which was an approximate £6 refund on a £11 meal which was very fair . The last meal was haddock and chips with minted peas , the peas were mushy peas which we did not realise but soon put those to one side but the fish when opened up was greyish in colour the chips were some of the best we have had as we had already been in about one meal we decided not to say anything unfortunately we should have done as the person who ate it was within a short time suffering from a tummy upset. Being Windsor the food for what it was , was a little overpriced but this is definately a pub to visit for a nice beer and a friendly atmosphere. 
We were in the area so decided to try this restaurant for dinner based on the good reviews. We order chicken satay, nasi goreng, beef redang and some vegetable dishes. The chicken satay seemed quite oily and the chicken pieces were hard and didn’t seem fresh. The peanut sauce however was good. The beef was quite tough in the redang and the portion was relatively small. Vegetable dishes were ok but lacked any sauce. Also the coconut rice in the nasi goreng looked and tasted exactly like plain rice. There was no hint or fragrance of coconut. On the plus side we tried the banana fritters for dessert which were good. Similarly all the drinks we tasted were great including the lime juice, milo, iced coffee and teh tarik. The place is quite small but was very busy on a Sunday night. Lots of people also came in for takeaways. Overall I think the food was average. Probably a nice place to grab a lunch but didn’t make for a memorable meal.  
Visited for the first time today. The starters were great, full of flavour, well cooked and presented. The mains although they were well presented lacked flavour and seasoning which was disappointing after such a good start.  
I dined here with my boyfriend on the 1st Monday of April 2018. The restaurant was pretty small and very populor with fellow Asians and the British foodies and would highly recommend table reservation. Despite its basic interior decor it makes up for its wow factor through its authentic dishes. The seabass rasa khas and kway teow goreng were delicious but I could not say the same for terong berlada smothered with too much garlic and nasi goreng telur was garlicky and oily. The staff were attentive, friendly and the service was pretty fast considering we were there during the rush dining hour and the restaurant was full! I can't wait to return to try other dishes. 
We went once and we were really pleased with food and service even if we found it a bit overpriced. I went back soon after and the service was appalling: we waited over one hour for our starters. We asked twice for another bottle water and still had to get up and go to the bar to get it. We asked to see the desert menu and we had to wait a good 15 minutes. We asked to have doggy bag for the left over food and never arrived. They did not even suggested a reduction in price despite the waiter was so embarrassed that she could not look into my eyes by the time I paid the bill. 
My friend had heard a lot about this restaurant through other people. She was recommended the garlic chicken. The starter was much better than the mains. The chicken satay was amazing however rest of the meal was a major let down. The garlic chicken was just chicken deep fried in batter, couldn’t taste the garlic at all. The dessert banana fritters is a fav of mine however these were a let down. Worst fritters I’ve had. The restaurant itself was clean and quite cozy and staff were friendly. Maybe we chose the wrong dishes .  
The Jalandhar chicken was good, not too spicy but great taste. Although the Korma chicken was surprising, not spicy at all rather sweet, not our favourite.  
The place looks really nice, the staff are very friendly and helpful, but I didnt enjoy my meal. Its a modern Indian style cuisine with a twist. I prefer the traditional type. I felt the flavours needed more zest. Something was missing for sure. Everyone with me enjoyed it though, so maybe its just me. Worth a try if you want to try something different and your in the area. 
I still like this place but I have a feeling it's not as good as it used to be. On the day we came for dinner they didn't have any mackerel which was rather disappointing. The portions seemed smaller, especially sashimi. The service was fine and the atmosphere OK. 
A very clean restaurant with nice staff! Not cheap but instead maybe a bit too expensive, still worth it. Sashimi - not the best ever but still good and also superfresh! Loved the dessert with green tea sponge cake and ice cream. Try the tonteki!!!  
Beautiful private area, reasonable service but personally I didn't think the food was any better than several local Indian restaurants. We tried 8/9 starters between 7 of us and although tasty some portion sizes were quite small. There were some innovative dishes involving ingredients such as quinoa, beetroot and salmon but I didn't feel all of these worked. Mains were descent sized but I struggled to justify the 35 minute journey to get to this restaurant - knowing I'd probably passed many other restaurants serving a good curry on route  
I was filled with a mixture of trepidation and excitement as soon as I walked into Tukdin. This small Malaysian restaurant certainly had a lot to offer, with an extensive Mains list I was in for a treat.  
Nothing special...All Eastern European staff (Indian restaurant) lack a bit of knowledge. 
I don't like leaving bad review but This restaurant was really a bad experience. I was swayed by the fact that it is liked and visited by a lot of the Japanese community and the Michelin guide stickers on the window. 
We tried and loved the satay goreng, karipap, kari ayam. Our waitress disappeared halfway through the meal, though, and we finally had to go up to the desk to ask for the bill, and went thirsty. 
I have eaten at this resteraunt for many years and have always enjoyed the place very much . But this evening I was so disappointed. Let me explain , I ordered a fair amount of food , when my sashimi arrived there was no pickled ginger ,something I am very partial too ! I asked the waitress to bring me some ginger please . To my amazement she said I would have to pay extra . I could not believe it ! I asked to see the manager and he sided with the waitress !! Clearly the place has changed hands or something . By the way , I spent in excess of £ 60 pounds on dinner just on myself . So a good spending customer you would think . I shall not return. Shame really . Very poor management and customer relations. 
Food was ok, large portions which were not needed. Service was ok but very slow. Complimentary drinks were a good end to meal but sadly we will not be rushing back there.  
We had heard such good feedback so finally gave this restaurant a try. Unfortunately, we left feeling rather disappointed. The restaurant wasn't very busy. We managed to walk in without a reservation on a Friday night which is unusual for London! Staters were good and nicely spiced, however my main course was awful.mi had the Mangalorean Prawn Curry. It tasted of nothing. The prawn were water and had absolutely no taste and the curry sauce was not much better. The waitress asked how the meal was and when we told her, she said nothing. So I made a comment about jot bothering to ask if she wasn't interested in hearing the feedback. She did then say she would discuss our feedback with the chef but we heard nothing further. There are far better Indian Restaurants in London. Give this one a miss. 
Walked in for dinner had rice and tempura udon. The food was average and slightly overpriced. The deep fried prawns were also not crispy enough. Service staff were professional but decor needs updating too 
I started visiting this place once Atariya (down the road) went downhill under its new management. But unfortunately the prices here are not justifiable. Like atariya the fish is good and fresh. But like atariya the fish isn't cut properly, the rice to fish ratio for nigiri was all wrong (hunk of rice sliver of fish) and it really wasn't worth the price. The sake maki was ok but inari make just fell apart. 
We were going to Atari ya but it was closed so decided to check out this place. The food was OK but nothing special. We thought it was overpriced for what it was. Staff were very friendly. 
The food is good, although some of the veg was a little too crunchy. However, Saturday night is not a good time to go. It was very busy and hence extremely noisy, we waited ages for our order to be taken, ages for our food to arrive then didn't even get the offer of a coffee to finish off our meal. 
The pastries are good , no big choice of hot drinks , if you are looking for espresso or cappuccino forget , just stick with regular coffee or regular tea. 
Spent a week in Mayfair recently and caught up with a number of friends. This seemed an ideal place to go for a group of six of us to have dinner as four of us had recently visited India and the reviews here seemed good. 
I tried this place as i had walked past it on my way to paddington station , and it looked fresh and authentic. I ordered the beef randang as a takeaway item.  
The two high points are the deep fry fresh shrimp, sweet, juicy and crispy. very good for beer. Deep fry oyster is yum. We ordered stir fry thin noodle and sushi but the rice let us down. The bill came and my jaw drop.... a bit... We should go to XXX in chiswick instead. 
visited the restaurant using a experience voucher. The sample menu provided offered a choice of either chicken, meat or vegetarien. On going there the menu sample menu had ony an option for vegetarien or chicken. 
We knoŵ a lot about what is good Malaysian food but sadly after our last visit...the food standard has plummeted! WHY? Namely ..the chefs must have decided to ' improvise' some of the dishes which unfortunately turned out disastrous! Dish number one was the chilly egg ..a dish with wholesome flavours of spice and chillies sealed in hard boiled eggs ...came as " scrambled eggs fried with chilly paste" ( never seen before). The second dish was the chicken satay served WITHOUT the skewers but as cubes . ( never seen before again)... And the third dish was the Ayam Masak Merah ...which was chicken fillets cooked in some tomato paste / sauce ..without any flavours and did not taste what it was supposed to ! Sadly, we had the impression that somewhere in the kitchen lies a big pot of sauce ....and from this big pot every dish was " concocted" from it! We were so looking forward to a pleasant dining experience but greatly disappointed by the inedible and questionable food ...which should never have appeared on the menu. The restaurant needs to get its act together ..or it 'll see the last of many customers. Sob! sob! 
Very good environment for Indian meal. My friend live near to this restaurant, invited me for Indian Dinner, enjoyed thoroughly, service need quick, many people standing gossiping, it could be better to approach tables. 
We chose "Chakra" following the reviews, but was very disappointed. 
Booked a table for 10 people as a surprise dinner for my partner's 30th birthday. When the first guests arrived, they were shown to a very small table that could squeeze 8 in at most. They then offered us a makeshift alternative that we fitted around but was not really a table so very unbalanced for all us diners. 
Just a lighter presentation and trendy decoration for Indian cousine, but nothing new on tastes or experiences. The Chef’s Menu with many courses was the only option upon our online reservation and I tried hard to find dishes interesting with no success. Although the only reservation time option for 2 people was for 7 PM, only 2 or 3 tables got busy until I left after 9. The staff is very young and kind of wanna-do-my-best. But the rates are similar to many Top restaurants you may find in London (US$ 100,00 per person with 1 bottle of medium wine). 
If you're in the Paddington area, this restaurant is one of your best bets to get away from tourists and have a decent meal at a fair price. The good is plentiful and good. Just beware everything comes a la carte and there is no alcohol.  
Had great food here. Really felt like home. Everyone was friendly and welcoming. Food taste good. Try not to come during peak period as it gets a little corwded and noisy. 
We went to Kiraku on the recommendation of a friend and lots of good reviews online. Sadly we were pretty unimpressed, as the first thing the server said was that the head chef was not in, therefore the entire 'chef's special' section wasn't available. Then, we ordered a few others from the main section and half of them were out of stock! The ones we did get were OK, nothing special- the soft shell crab roll was overloaded with mayo that I couldn't taste anything else! I winced like a child as I chewed... 
We stopped here this afternoon for a bite to eat, the sign at the entrance said food served all day. Bought the beers, asked for a menu. No Food! 
What has the potential of being a fab place to go for Sunday lunch I must say I was a little disappointed. Beef was tasteless and I’d go as far as saying it’s bought already cut.... definitely not hand carved !! Every piece exactly the same size, shape on every meal we ordered.... veg was rock hard and potatoes were ok. 
We went for lunch with a £40 voucher from Christmas but ended up paying another £55 for two of us. No fancy wine, just three small beers, so, even accepting that Notting Hill demands top prices, not good value; £95 for a pretty average lunch. 
Went there with a friend. Food was just OK. My friend's food had very salty but it was exchanged with out issues. 
Nice place but average food. Most of it was cold! 
Got a travelzoo voucher deal for this restaurant and went on 6/10 a Sunday 6pm. Interior looked promising, club chairs and padded benches, chandeliers... One of three couples in at 6pm but from there on in everything went really slow...cocktails took forever and not sure they contained much, if any alcohol..sweet lychee mohito (not unpleasant but not much rum) classic vodka martini with olives but wasn't recognisable as such lack of vodka. Starters were good choices from the a la carte..broccoli dish superb, sweet potato cake borderline. Mains and sides were hard to pair up and ours unfortunately took ages to arrive, and in the end was just luke warm - lamb biryani £11 and a prawn curry £13 plus side of mixed breads and a black lentil dish...not enough difference in flavours or chilli heat, mild if anything compared to the broccoli starter. Dessert of cardomom ice cream..little ice crunchy for my taste but flavourful...Eton mess great meringue and cream, fresh strawberry topping but spoilt by the nasty artificially tasting berry sauce /ice cream? at the bottom which was not made up of fresh fruit I suspect. Downstairs next to the WCs! was a wall of clippings/certificates posting rave reviews about the restaurant owner, food etc....but unfortunately I was not wowed on this occasion...maybe they were distracted with serving the family group next to us meeting the owner for discussion and undertaking a tasting menu for an upcoming celebration. 
I been one time here on sunday lunch. 
We visited Chakra for our anniversary last week and being local we had wanted to go for ages. Whilst I don't think we would go back , it's not terrible, but there is definitely a lot lacking and basic things could be improved upon relatively easily. The restaurant itself and decor is all very smart, but the menu needs some explaining - I had to ask a waiter for information and it was not particularly well explained. Perhaps Chakra's culinary delights could have been tried out but nothing was really highlighted. On the menu it says choose 2 dishes per section - but if we had done this we'd still be there eating. 
The MemSahib, in particular, had been a regular at Varma over the years and so she was keen to try Chakra which has an impressive menu and quite a lot of hype. It's a long way from London HQ so we went with great expectations, even eschewing Andy Murray's Wimbledon semi-final..... 
As title said, everything as standard requirements. I supposed to order to the waiter as almost restaurant in the world but after you know what you want you have to go to the till and order by yourself. The girl by the till knew nothing about the menu and for all my questions she asked the manager in charge. Btw everything was nice. Quality/price good! 
I'll start with the positive - the food is still good. However, it has now become expensive for what it is. Our waiter denied it, but I am convinced they have changed ownership/staff. We were the only customers on Christmas Eve lunchtime yet it still took 15 minutes for the bill to arrive and discover that two poppadoms cost £3.60!! "It's the chutneys sir." Considering we only had three alcoholic drinks, £62 before service is ridiculous. Won't be going back. 
Food was fine and filled a gap, standard burger and ribs place. £76.00 for two with service drinks and 1 cocktails each so reasonable value. The waitress had no idea what a vodka and coke was but hey ho lol. I’d go for tea or everyday but not for an occasion.  
Made use of a Telegraph Selected offer to visit Chakra in Notting Hill, a fancy Indian place. Always dubious about fancy Indian places, the less fancy ones always ended up being better but the offer was good so thought I'd give it a try. 
Had the set lunch there with my wife, starters were a couple of small grilled chicken-breast cubes. Main course a korma-style chicken curry with about six pieces of meat, for the two of us. Served with a small 4" bowl of lentils in a tasty sauce, and potatoes in cumin seeds. We had a small serving each of plain basmati rice.  
While in London and seeing the sights we came across Sticky Fingers and were somewhat disappointed. It was just your average Burger Joint and the music was way too loud. The service was not the best. I'd pass on this place. 
I've seen GBK in WImbledon and a couple of other places but the one in Portobello Road looks..well, strange-ish? It was my first time. Nice staff, no ice to go with my G&T (and it was 6pm mid week). I think i'd be better off in a diner. Food? well, if you fancy three falafels in a bun - that's your kind of a kitchen. Not mine. It was cheap, cant say. But no more. Based on this experience - no more GBK. Based on my choice of food - give me any 6am opened diner. Or , I dare to say, I'd prefer McDonald :D  
starter was good, then had a nail in my food, the manager had a look and took it down to the kitchen, and returned with a piece of plastic, explaining that it was not a nail but plastic. such a pity ! wine list is good. 
GBK definitely isn't my fav burger place in London when there's places like Byron & Honest. The burger was very average, the skinny fries just aren't worth getting. They weren't joking when they said skinny fries...there's nothing of them. I had mine with the honeycomb milkshake which wasn't bad.  
Easy, quick and quiet cheap!!! Always a good option! 
We ordered a range of starters and all were really good especially the beef nachos and chicken wings.  
Having been to this restaurant before, I thought I would surprise the wife with a treat out. 
Small and busy Malaysian restaurant tucked away in Paddington - close to many hotels. Frequented by Malaysian visitors to London, so expectations for an authentic meal were quite high. Food was good, but not great - although my colleagues enjoyed the Nasi Goreng, the Rendang was a little dry and bland. Satay was OK, but not as good as we enjoyed in Malaysia. Will probably go back and try some different dishes - for a second opinion. 
Loved my food, the service was fantastic.  
To be fair, this is not really my kind of food. Service was slow and poor, staff were nice, but not very attentive.  
Dropped in on a City tour of Rock and Roll sites. An impressive display of Guitars, Gold Discs and Posters in this Bill Wyman owned restaurant, well worth a visit. Service not the fastest, and prices not the cheapest. 
While the basic burger I had was crumbly and tasty, it was also incredibly dry. Perhaps I should have had a sauce but surely the meat must be moist in the first place. Brioche buns appear to have infected all burger restaurants. It's a mystery to me because a good sesame seed bun is the ideal companion- what happened to it? Now I may be on the wrong side of 60 but I can't be the only one to find the high decibel count of the restaurant on the painful side. This is not the result of good natured fun but shrieking from tables full of ......all right I'll get my coat. Lovely service though and my partner of many years loved it so sucks to me 
When Gourmet Burger Kitchen opened in Portobello Road I wondered why? What could anyone offer to compete with Macdonald’s and it was several years before I ate there. It reminded me of a Soho folk cellar in the 1960s, wood plank flooring, some painted, simple furniture and the people similar; frizzy-haired women in antique clothes and men with shadows on the chins and under their eyes. But the set lunch (£5.95) of classic beef burger with green salad (spinach leaves with a vinaigrette sauce and some seeds) was fine. However, I missed that comfortable feeling eating in a Macdonald’s provides, knowing you have thoroughly enjoyed a meal that is 100% bad for you. 
Took advantage of being in the area and enjoyed a meal at a restaurant owned by a Rolling Stone member. Interior is filled with memorabilia and the food options were good. Service was friendly and efficient. 
This place had been recommended to us so we had BIG expectations! At lunch time,or soon after,we were about the only customers. The spare ribs were fantastic and the homemade lemonade very good indeed. But there was no special extra level about the place and the ladies' loo was ridiculously inadequate,meaning the girls in our group were awawy from the table for ages waiting in line downstairs. 'Fridays' in Covent Garden is similar but better,in my view. Obviously the connection here with Bill Wyman added historical interest but not much else. 
We enjoyed the (unexpected large) plate of nachos. One old timer burger was nice, the other did not have the meat cooked as requested & due to this they did remove the cost from the bill. We ordered half pint Heineken beers & we were delivered pints which they did change, then we found we had still be charged for pints. We agree with other comments about the ladies toilet, not a pleasant experience. 
Got taken out to eat, went here as a suggestion from a friend  
Great set up, with typical Malaysian food menu. Teh tarik was world class, but the food could be better. Ayam masak merah was nice, as it was cut into chunks rather than the traditional chicken parts. Kangkung could be better. Overall, good eating experience, and close to Paddington's station, be good 10 mins walk from Queensway or Bayswater station. Give it a try! 
We were encouraged to eat there, as we saw that lots of Malays were eating inside. 
The burger and sweet potato fries were really good. Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff. Very clean toilets (some of you seem to liket o know these things !!). Downsides....got a huge bottle of still water which cost me almost as much as the meal itself. Also, ordered the 'Miss Piggy' hotdog which i had seen on the online menu - but was told that they didnt do it. Have checked again at home today - yes its still there. The waitress knew nothing about this delightful sounding meal 
Had the Sunday buffet. Nice food but would be nicer to have more of a selection as the choices on offer was limited.. 
The restaurant was full of Malay patrons, so that's a sign that the food was authentic. However, the choices for vegetarians is pretty limited, and the food was on the spicy side. 
Met up with friends on a quite bank holiday monday, the place wasn't busy but the service was a bit slow , i arrived late yet it took them more than 20 minutes to get my drink ordered and delivered. My friends ordered a selection of dishes which weren't ok, i had the mamak mee goreng which was tasty but not quite spicy enough. With two there malay restaurants nearby they need to up their game a bit, for example Satay House's offering were a bit more authentic. It also just could have been a off day at the restaurant as I went on the recommendation of a foodie friend who had good reviews of the food. 
Monday menu provided affordable food which was mediocre at best, staff were great and quick despite large numbers eating here, the table next to me were ordering another burger because they were still hungry. I would describe the restaurant as average and the food less so. 
Have visited this restaurant many times over the years, regrettably the quality of the food and depth of taste seems to be declining. Food is still good but should be better for the premium price. 
A very busy Malaysian restaurant and we were lucky to get a table at 7pm on a Sat without a reservation. The tables are jam packed together with chairs back to back... 
Service is fine at arrival, and drinks are delivered quite fast. The seating also, no problem there. Menu is fine, and the portions are large. The toilets could do with a makeover I think, but all in all most things are Ok.  
Family meal treat. Not a great lover of indian food but my wife and i treated our daughter and partner to a meal. Service was ok, food was ok, my lamb tikka was pretty chewy otherwise everything else was acceptable. Had a cuppachino and one coffee after our meal, should have sent them both back as they were terrible, we didn't so it was our fault. Our gaughters partner thought the meal was great but the rest of us were not so convinced. 
Four of us went for a meal to catch up, the reception at the restaurant was unwelcoming and indifferent. 
My "ex" grew up in Malaysia and her Rendung put pounds on me in no time ( and still to this day l cannot replicate it, or her Beef Chilli con Carne !)  
Not sure why we expected more but everything was very average - but also nice. Nothing wrong. Burger average. Would recommend the mac and cheese. Cocktail bar was pretty decent. 
Been to this restaurant four or five times over the last few years but our recent visit we was a little surprised to see the prices have jumped up and we now think this Indian restaurant has started to out price itself. 
Really enjoyed the food service was good but restaurant was very quiet, I will visit again to discover the true ambience of this Curry House,  
Visited Saturday 18th January around 3.30/4pm with my Suster and 2 Nieces. We ordered just mains, couple of sides and drinks. Food arrived, was ok, nothing special or memorable to be honest. My side order of Onion rings didn't arrive so had to remind waiter. Eventually they arrived about half way through the meal and look burnt to be honest. We ate them. The bill was around £103.00 for 4, so didn't break the bank. The waiter was nice and friendly. Overall though I wouldn't go back if I'm completely honest. 
It started off ok with spicy chicken wings, although the requested Lagunitas did not arrive despite chasing. Then we waited for what felt like a really long time (pity the Lagunitas was not there) to be served the mains. My fillet steak was nice, tender and rare as requested, even if slightly lukewarm. But the so called peppercorn sauce (couple pounds extra) was a brown liquid more akin to gravy, which I gave up on after one dip. When I told the waiter I had ordered salad not fries, he graciously left the fries for free, which allowed me to taste a few cold and dry fries, among the saddest fries I tasted recently - or ever. Never mind, the salad arrived in a flash. It did not have any dressing though which felt like a let down. Probably could have requested some. I will never know.  
Came to this place with high hopes as a huge Rolling Stones fan (been to their concerts twice).  
We visited this venue on a Friday at 6pm at the beginning of January. It was quiet, although it filled up by the time we left. Food and service was good so no complaints there but the venue desperately needs a makeover (especially the Ladies toilets, didn't see the gents!). Looks like it's not had one in the 30yrs its been open. Bill Wyman if you still own this venue put your hand in your pocket. Looks like a poor man's Hard Rock café !!!! 
This is our third visit to the restaurant having tried their hawkers specialities in our previous visits. 
I found this place by chance in the area of Paddington. I came alone and well welcomed by the staff. I spoke in Malaysian and the staff nicely responded also in Malaysian. There quite a good number of vegetarian dishes, or for some, there is a possibility to take of the non-vegetarian element in the dish. The service was good. The restaurant was full of Malaysians, a good sign that this place is known among Malaysian tourists/nationals in London. I took Mie Goreng Kampung, which was OK. I would not say it was bad nor exceptional. The portion was just right. The price was correct. I also ordered Teh Tarik, and it was OK.  
Unable to hear the music at all, poor service and was given a time to finish our meal by. 
I’ve visited Sticky Fingers quite a few times with my husband and had noticed on our last visit a big change and a reduction in size to the menu but still wanted to take my daughter and grandson. The menu now really doesn’t offer anything different to anywhere else, the food was average, my grandson ordered chicken nuggets and chips nut the nuggets were more like the gold toffee out of quality street, flat, hard and chewy. It was quite chilly inside and the service wasn’t that good either. I think it’s the end of an era for us and Sticky Fingers.  
Italian with very boring menu. Service OK but not special. One time favorite has passed its sell by date. They are better restaurants to eat in with the same kind of food 
This place is at a great location that makes the expectation be very high, but the food can be of much better quality. I had the Milanese and it was very average and nothing to fancy about. a bit disappointed overall. 
I was disappointed by this restaurant. The decor and rock and roll theme and music are great, but in many other areas Sticky Fingers fails to deliver.  
The service is still great but unfortunately the standard of the food has slipped quite a lot. 
A party of about 70 of us went to Sticky Fingers for our Christmas party. The restaurant is decorated with lots of Rolling Stones photos & memorabilia & there was even a Santa on a motorbike in the window! We started off with sharing platters of tortilla chips with guacamole & salsa, chilli & buffalo wings. For the main course we could choose items from the menu including ribs, steak, fish or traditional turkey dinner, which I chose. It consisted of chipolata sausage wrapped in bacon, turkey with cranberry sauce, carrots, parsnips, brussels sprouts & roast potatoes. I found my main course a little disappointing & the turkey didn't taste great. Dessert was a sharing platter of 3 different little cakes - chocolate cake, cheesecake & carrot cake. The starter & dessert were better than the main course & were quite tasty, but none of it was outstanding. The waiters were great. They were friendly, attentive & efficient. It was a pleasant experience, but now that I've satisfied my curiosity about it, I doubt that I'll return, unfortunately 
Looks like this is the real thing and there was a large family party there when we visited. My meal was a bit flavorless but my companion enjoyed theirs.  
Went in because it looked busy and the menu was good. 
4 or us (2 adults & 2 children) turned up on a Saturday evening about 7.30. We were warmly welcomed and shown a table immediately. 
We had just landed a few hours prior to getting dinner. We needed something quick so we went to Sticky Fingers when we saw it. We got BBQ wings as an appetizer but it didn’t come until after our food arrived. Best thing I ate there though! Highly recommended.  
Sort of cosy Italian place on the street running parallel to Portobello Road. 
 Service was timely and friendly. The antipasto dishes we tried were very good but the main courses were just ok. My fettuccine was overcooked with a blasé sauce. The prawn dish was good (not excellent) prawns small in size. The third dish was a veal cutlet - again, very average. 
Being a Stones fan I was really looking forward to the visit for the memorabilia as well as the food.. A little disappointed with both really and the music wasn’t very loud and we heard no Rolling Stones songs while there . The ribs were well over cooked and the chicken was dry and small but the wife’s steak was lovely and I left there still hungry , shame really as it has been on my to do list for years , I noted my food complaint to the waitress but only received a shrug . The staff tho’ were very friendly and gave us a good table in a booth  
Nice buzzy little Italian in the heart of the Portobello Road area . Service was pretty good considering it was very busy. The menu was quite varied and reasonably priced for the area. Food was fresh and fair portion size however luke warm when arrived. The tables are very close together and felt very cramped once more people arrived and lots of families with very young children and pushchairs which made it more cramped. Chairs then having to be moved to make way for what felt like the endless buggy’s! Worth a visit but maybe an evening or weekday lunch if you don’t want to feel like your in a crèche  
We went for a family lunch and tasted the Branzino which was slightly fatty, my daughter had the Tagliata and it was well prepared. Overall a decent place, but nothing really special, I wouldn't go back for it.  
Don't mind it at all but every time we went, we were wondering why not go opposite the road to Osteria Basilico where the food, pizza and mains alike, is better and the service is better too. Sorry to say but I have tried for many years and came to the same conclusion every time. If you're looking for a cheap tasty Italian meal its OK and they usually have a table which is the only reason to my question above.  
Went earlier this month having had some good past meals in the past. The staff was hardly welcoming and there a significant deterioration in the quality of food. Like its "sister" restaurant the restaurant benefits from its proximity to the Portobello Rd. 
This is very close to our home, we have avoided mainly because it is hyped, in a weak moment we went in for a bowl of pasta yesterday and yes we were dissapointed! 
Lovely meal but terribly over priced as £34 after a £20 discount had been deducted. Only had 1 beer and a Pepsi to drink outside of the meal. Nice but would not go back at £54 for 2. sorry 
Having never eaten Malaysian food before, i think this place offers a good introduction. It is located in a really convenient part of town with a huge floating population. 
I was excited to see Bill Wymans restaurant and the related stones stuff. The food was pretty good, but the overall experience a let down. The music was good, but you could barely hear it. The service was very slow, particularly for drinks which is odd. They make good money on drinks, so bring them on and keep them coming to willing, paying customers. 
Read rave reviews but was disappointed with the authenticity of the food. tended to be on the sweet side: seemed like it had been cooked for the European taste bud. Portions were not large.  
I visited sticky after reviewing their online menu and decided to go for the fillet steak and apple crumble for desert, but after getting a seat and ordering my iced water (the water needs to be a lot cooler) ice comes separate and would suggest that maybe they restock the ice supplied if wanted by the customer. 
Couldn't wait to visit here, we walked in and it's amazing proper art and guitars on the wall and lots and lots to look at but our food wasnt great at all which was really disappointing. Bbq ribs to share which was overpowering with bbq, unbeatable then my burger and chips was not bad but my girlfriend's chicken fajitas was mostly peppers and burnt chicken actually stuck to the bottom! What topped it all for me was the bill....it says "a discretionary service charge of 12.5% has been added to your bill. 100% of service goes to staff." It says on the bill service charge: £8.13. Disapointed about this place but there are plenty other places I can visit next time.  
Best to go when they are busy. They have the italian buzz then and the customer service is better. When you go at lunchtimes when they are quiet, the service is indifferent. The bread is amazing if you like crusty bread dipped in olive oil. Their balsamic vinegar is shameful for a restaurant with these prices. The food is good but it is pricey. They charge similar prices to Cecooin's and Cipriani in Mayfair and frankly, not nearly as good. An example of good local Itallian gone greedy, but then the wealthy local clientele, support the over pricing by frequenting. And sadly that does not encourage higher standards. That said, it is better here than the other Italian restaurants on the same street. 
I m italian so I can judge italian food. I don t expect to eat perfectly italian when i m abroad, but the important if courses are good or not. In this case courses where good, but 175 pounds for 5 people, and considering what we ate I found a little too expensive. 
A good solution for someone satisfy his/her hunger without spending much money. It's a good choice, with plenty of delicious burgers and tasty onion rings too. The only odd thing was that in the menu list refferred draught beer but there wasn't that choice, so I took a simple beer instead.  
Our first visit here and maybe not our last but in an era when there is so much food on offer (literally with cheap offers) I felt this was a little pricey.  
Booked because it was reasonably local to where we were staying and because we were hoping this would be food which was easy to get right. We had a cocktail for £4 which was good value (before 7:30pm) and thought the starters of sticky chicken wings and cauliflower chicken were very tasty. However the burgers were very average and very disappointed that the "coleslaw" came in a paper pot which was the size normally used for tomato sauce ! Background music was (in the main) stuck in the 70s and 80s which was expected and we were happy to reminisce. 
We went there after some friends recommended it, they were enthusiastic about the food so we decided to try it. Probably my expectations were very high but I've found the level of the food too average. Starters were good but my pasta with seafood was roughly OK. We end up paying more than 50 pounds each with no big satisfaction. 
What's interesting about Sticky Fingers is that they do different deals and offers for each day of the week. 
We have eaten many times over many years at this neighbourhood Italian restaurant. The food has always been of a consistently good, high standard. Yesterday we chose dishes which we have enjoyed on many occasions and for the first time we were disappointed. My buffalo mozzarella was stringy and not very nice. Unforgivably, the tomatoes weren't ripe, and were completely flavourless. My husband's calamare was up to standard, but the veal meat ball dish, which he has ordered and enjoyed many times before, was tasteless. We did comment when the waiters asked whether we'd enjoyed our meal and they responded by shrugging their shoulders. Unfortunately, a restaurant is only as good as the last meal eaten there. This restaurant is quite expensive and is not providing the quality that it has done in the past. 
This is definitely a tourist bar/ restaurant. It is filled with Rolling Stones memorabilia and plays Stones Tunes non stop. There’s a large menu and the food is not great but pretty good and descent value. The servers were busy but attentive. 
not totally sure they're allowed to enforce service charge but they added it to our bill. There were seven of us , the food as always was very good , service although slow was ok. But I'm verypeed off at the final bill with service charge worked out £35 per person , for me that's too expensive for a high street curry house. Been many times before but it could easily long time before I go back. 
I went here following a recommendation but it was very disappointing. 
I came here following the positive recommendations on tripadvisor but it was very disappointing. I am not really sure what else to add. Everything was fine, nothing was great and one curry tasted much like the next.The price was on the high side as well. OK if you want a OK indian meal but I guess I use to having more spices & flavour, even my wife mentioned its was a little bland! and she likes mid currys! 
Nice ambient ,good atmosphere and cold beer. 
Visited here for my son’s tenth birthday as he is a big burger fan and this was chosen as an alternative to the usual Friday’s/F&B’s chains. First of all I would like to say our server was lovely but that’s where the good stuff ended really.  
Lovely restaurant  
Booked here through a book a table. 3-course meal plus free-flowing prosecco for 1.5 hours for £28.50. Pleasent visit to sit among the Rolling Stones memorabilia, nice food, good service from Agnes. 
Was taken here for dinner by a friends. The burrata was excellent, but the ricotta and spinach pasta uninspiring. The tiramasu was average. The setting is pleasant, and the service fine. I would;t go out of my way to come here again based upon the food, although a good place perhaps for a social occasion. 
8 of us booked a dinner there as the place was recommended for good food. The deco is pleasant but the place is very crowded, tables are on top of each other. First impression was a fairy rood waiter. The service was slow and we did not feel very comfortable. The food in all honesty was not too bad, but I have had better Italian. The bill at the end was quite high and I did not feel it was value for money.  
This restaurant came highly recommended by my friend so we were looking forward to a great lunch and catching up with friends we don't see very often. The service was incredibly slow and inconsistent, it took us 3 hours to finish a 3 course meal, not because we wanted to but because it was so slow. We all liked our starters but the main course was just average, something we could have made at home. And to make matters worse they dropped all of our main course on the floor and we ended up having to wait an extra half hour! We barely got an apology and they gave us 2 drinks as a way of an apology. They knew it was bad and just didn't know how to deal with the situation, so they just avoided us... Shame. 
We stooped on spec as it looked welcoming one Saturday lunch. The tables are quite close together. The breads wewre good and the pasta and burrata more than acceptable but came out very quickly and clearly were prepared earlier rather than cooked freshly. Service was efficent but not welcoming. 
We had heard so many good things about Mediterraneo that maybe we expected something more. 
Pretty good overall.  
The purpose of our visit was to try their signature cocktails. 
Visited for the ‘free flowing prosecco brunch’. 3 courses and prosecco for under £30pp. The food was average, recommend the half bbq chicken but the burger and pulled pork was dry, inedible actually. Puddings were ok however the chocolate brownie was served cold and quite dry. The starter of wings came with a packet blue cheese sauce, something which could have easily been made fresh and no salad or carrot stick in sight. Not like real USA food which it seems to be trying to achieve. Definitely nothing special. The restaurant is cosy and music not too loud, decent tunes. Prosecco left us all with extraordinarily bad headaches and we drank water all day so it may have been the cheap and nasty stuff they use for free flowing brunch. Rather tight with the prosecco and we were not asked if we wanted anymore before the service stopped after 90 minutes. An average meal, would not return and I would not recommend to my friends.  
Came for a rib fix during a multi-museum visit in Kensington. Close to the design musuem. Food OK, think Fridays without the chain. I like the booth seating and the background soundtrack was good, classic rock. Not overpriced for the area. 
Food was American diner type, nothing special. Ribs lovely, but chicken portion tiny. Starter missed, female staff friendly, others miserable. Toilets dated and dirty. Needs reinvestment of restaurant and menu, won,t be back there are better restaurants, especially in London. It's a shame as it's in a good spot. 
Husband and I talked about coming here for years and finally booked it while on a trip to London. (Husbands birthday and my Christmas present). A wee bit off the beaten track but within walking distance. Staff were really lovely and pleasant. Unfortunately the menu isn't very exciting and limited to burger bar food. We had nachos to share for starters and burgers with skinny fries. Fairly non description. There was a very small pot of Apple slaw accompanying the food which was tasty. We ordered sides of onion rings, arrived with bbq sauce on the side, approx 8 breadcrumbed onion rings. The staff brought my husband a brownie for dessert with a candle and sang happy birthday to him which was a lovely touch and much appreciated. We had a voucher for 50% off food in January so it wasn't expensive as such. Memorabilia around the place is a must for Stones fans. Service charge of 12.5% added to the bill- all of which goes to the staff. 
Walked in here off the street and secured a pleasant side walk table. Things got off to a less than ideal start when the waiter asked if we wanted bread and olives. We did, but it was a signal that we would have to pay for said bread and olives, which, at these prices, is annoying. Continued on the wrong foot when bread, olives, and first courses had arrived, but our wine still had not. Finally, the mains were just okay. I had a lemon sole with asparagus, which I thought would be a lightly sautéed or grilled piece of fish in a nice light lemon wine reduction; instead, fish and asparagus were buried under a thick roux with little lemon flavor. There are many better choices in this neighborhood. 
I was there for a dinner on friday night, a long wait for food, a lot of noise. Could I gie a second chance? 
We normally go to The School of Spice, which is opposite the Ivory Tusk. We were recommended this restaurant by friends. We liked the ambiance but that was about all. 
3 adults and 2 children went to lunch. 
It's a place I've been to about six times when others are fully booked nearby, which says it all really. Often the cooks/staff are around the other side, smoking away. That is not an encouraging site given they're straight back to cooking or otherwise handling food thereafter. It's portions are just about decent and the service the same - decent yet unexceptional. I'd go again but not if i was really hungry. 
Enjoyed our meal. Both had the nachos to share to start, which were very good, followed by equally good burgers. Took advantage of the Happy Hour for cocktails and these were good too. Nothing negative to say. Just decent, but perhaps not special, American style restaurant playing good rock music. 
Good location, great atmosphere, excellent staff. We had a great time with the company we were in, but the food was just OK from a tiny menu. Struck me as a poor Hard Rock Cafe copy. The place was half empty at 9.30 on a Saturday night, which says it all. Such a shame. 
Been coming here since 1990, and it is normally a great place for burger and chicken wings etc. However, this time we waited 45 minutes for the food to arrive. It arrived cold. Must have been sitting somewhere cold, I guess. As we were the only ones in the restaurant at 12.15 I guess they forgot all about us. Well, I will try again next time I am in London. 
The most expensive of three restaurants owned by the same people on this road. This is the most refined but also the most expensive. It's good food and the service is excellent but it's too expensive for what is is. The other two restaurants, Osteria Basilico and Essenza, are better value and more fun. 
We got a delivery from Ivory Tusk and the food was ok but rather bland and nothing special. Not sure we will use again. 
Brand value took us here . Food only average . Very noisy but helped with attentive staff who moved us to a quieter area. Disappointed that it could have - should be a better place . Special is what we expected. 5 mins walk from Tube Station says it all. Sorry . 
We have been visiting this Indian for a number of years, however just lately despite being one of the first tables in after opening we were kept waiting for our main courses for over an hour, with no apologies either. If it happened once, then fair enough but its not......such a shame as the food is good. Service is a real let down. 
We went to this restaurant on a previous visit to London from Perth. From memory, it was late afternoon but certainly before the general dinner crowd had arrived. It was pleasant and the food was good. This time we made the mistake of going at 7.30 pm and the noise of the crowd and muzak made conversation almost impossible. The food was still good but the headache later was unpleasant. Avoid these times if you can. 
I had not visited this restaurant for some time as on my last visit, which was in the winter, I was very disappointed with the service after being given a table next to the door which would not close properly and despite asking to be moved was told I could have a better table the next time I came in. This time I visited at lunch time, we were the only customers and although the food was good the staff were having an argument between the kitchen and the restaurant and swearing at each other in earshot. Needless to say we will not be returning. 
I have been to this twice recently and enjoyed the meal both times, nothing that really stood out to make it a momentous occasion but conversely absolutely nothing to complain about. I would suggest its one of those restaurants you could take anyone to, you wouldn't have any concerns about the quality or the service both would be up to standard but you wouldn't shout about it either. 
not exactly what you expect to find in a Italian restaurant. 
First went to this place some years ago when it was a bit more casual and a slightly cheaper alternative to Osteria Basilico next door (which I believe is owned by the same group). The menu and restaurant has changed a little bit more like its cousin, much more pricier. I thought my spaghetti a la lobster was nice, but tiny portion of lobster and for nearly 30 quid. 
Incredibly rude, bad service, and fairly average food I have to say, especially considering the steep price. The manager and staff were extremely rude to us when it got to 9.30 and we were told very bluntly that the next customers were waiting and please would we finish our wine and dessert at the bar! When we reminded them that they only brought our main courses at 8.50 (we all noticed that as we waited a fair while, and the food came at different times too), they accused us of ordering late. We ordered by 7.45pm after being sat for 15 minutes, and hassled for an order....enough said. Tell you what, I never write reviews, but was so appalled by the disgusting treatment and over-priced evening that I have done so now, and hope others take this as a warning. 
Interesting venue which has been open for over 30 years.  
We have been to this restaurant a number of times with friends who are locals. It is a nice modern restaurant with good seating and very busy at peak times so best to book. There are a lot of good Indian restaurants now in all sorts of places so I would classify the food as average to good but no better. The service is usually very good but the restaurant was packed on a Friday night and the service struggled a little. WE had the usual poppadum and sauces to start with Onion Bhaji which are easy to share. We then went straight into main courses. There is a good selection with a well set out menu. Lamb dishes are highly recommended but i usually go for chicken or veg. The Veg Tali was very good as were the individual veggy bhajis Cauliflower / Aubergine. I ordered the wrong chicken dish and ended up with a mild rather sweet Bhuna dish Makhani(?) but my wife ordered better with her more spicy Chicken Khodor. Portions were big enough to enable me to raid it. The king prawn curry (very spicy) was said to be excellent. Finished off with Kulfis (Piastacchio or Mango) which were good and coffee (no espressso) White Wine - Gavi was good and Cobra on draft. A nice evening in pleasant ambience. The restaurant is average to good overall 
Myself my Husband and our friends went to the Ivory Tusk beginning of the month For the 1st time as it was recommended to us. Food superb service very poor. Not Enough waiter staff. Disappointed probably won't go back. Fiona Staines. 
Went here for our Sunday lunch. The main menu wasn't very extensive but included a Sunday roast choice which was what we were looking for. We had the chicken, beef and pork roast selections in our party including a childrens roast which was huge for a childs meal. The food was average but nothing to shout about. The plates were cold and therefore some of the food on the plate wasnt very warm. We also had to wait 5 minutes for the sauces to be brought to the table to accompany the meal. We asked for extra gravy and they brought us a little gravy jug each. Desserts were limited aswell but the sticky toffee pudding with coffee icecream was delicious. Polite staff worked hard to make it a good experience. Its a very spacious pub, easilly fits a pushchair next to the table without causing obstructions. Lots of room to spread out and eat comfortably and you have to visit their amazing toilets aswell ! 
Takeout food is great, frequently have take away 
Went here on a Friday evening on our ongoing quest to find our best local Indian. This place has a higher position than the Mumbai Square on Trip Advisor so thought we'd give it a go. 
Very good margaritas with fresh squeezed lemon juice. Fast service. Affordable prices. Unfortunately, I can’t speak about the food, but London afternoon’s margaritas are the best.  
Food was good but we were very disappointed to see dead animals hung up on the wall. Also, lack of atmosphere - no music.  
My family and I visited on Saturday 24th November around 5.30pm. As always we were welcomed kindly and were helpfully given a table after a 5 minute wait. After we ordered, food arrived fairly quickly. The sheekh kebabs were lovely as always. We also ordered fish tikka and spring rolls which were also nice. But we were disappointed in the Papri Chaat. It had it funny taste, it just wasn't nice, which was a let down because usually it's delicious. Another thing is the Falooda. I've noticed the change in the Falooda for quite a while now, but after Saturday I won't be ordering it again. Kashmiri Karai's Falooda used to be amazing, I used to absolutely love it, one of the reasons I went there. But now it tastes completely different :(. All in all, the staff are very welcoming, starters are nice. Paapri Chaat was a let down, as was the Falooda. My family also mentioned the Lamb Karahi wasn't up to its usual standards. 
We felt like yelling out to the proprietor to tell him he's got too many waiters hovering around the room. We spent more time trying to get the waiters attention every time we wanted something the waiter would walk past, not intentionably , they just were too relaxed as if it was a fine dining restaurant  
The Kashmiri Kari is located in the grounds of a park and is certainly a grand building possibly Listed. Parking is for no more than 10 cars and we were greeted with a closed gate and forced to park at local activity centre.  
Enough good food but in a horrible decoration but nice cocktails! I was excited when i discovered that it serves food at 23.00 gmt!!  
The building brings back memories of growing up, old decor, worn carpets, bit of an odd musty smell but all in a comforting, pleasant way. There is lots of space in here, tables and sofas spaced pleasantly around the ground floor. The prices are reasonable but unfortunately on my visit the service seemed lacking, the staff appeared as though they didn't really want to be there, understandable, but it would be nice if they didn't show it. Nice place for a casual drink but left feeling a bit underwhelmed. 
Went along with mates to watch the football. All drinking either lager or ale and everyone commented on the poor quality that was served up. Lager was flat and the ale just wasn't right.  
Having read the reviews for this restaurant my wife and I thought we would give it a try. The waiter who served us our drinks and food was both polite and courteous. 
Restaurant is good for Meat, don't try vegetarian as its hardly been cooked, as most of the customers are meat eating. Taste would be good. 
Looking for a good curry house and takeaway? Kashmiri Karahi serve classical and modern Kashmiri authentic dishes. Cosy place with welcoming staffs. Ideal place to enjoy a meal with family and friends. Their menu contains good selection of curry dishes. Well recommended. 
Went here early evening to meet my curry buddy mate which is one of his locals. Our standards are pretty high when it comes to our favorite grub and this visit was not up expectations. Being the first ones there you would think you might get your drinks fairly quickly....took them 10 minutes to get a gin and tonic to the table. 
Food was tasty! Enjoyed the Mexican atmosphere.  
Not bad but not great either. Very pleasant staff. Attentive. However they were too interested in looking at something on someone's phone most of the evening... not professional. 
This area of Sutton is not very pleasant and there are some very dubious characters frequenting this place. Prices are above average 
We been here before and had a nice meal we went last night and at 6.15 waited for the waiter who was standing by the Door entrance to finish his cigarette before we went in. Our experience this time was not as good as pevious. Because we were the only people in we felt uncomfortably and the restaurant felt cold. The staff just stood in the corner having conversation while we waited for our food, it took 50 mins for our main course to arrive, we very nearly got up and left the restaurant, though, the food was enjoyable but not sure we will return. 
At first glance the menu looks different. However the food is quite bland. The hot dishes could easily be the mild ones. Some of the waiters are quite condescending, possibly because I am Asian. But they were the same to my English wife. 
The service was okay, took few minutes for a waiter to take orders.  
Visited this place a few times. 
I would have said that the Ivory Tusk is the best curry house in Shepperton, but we went last night and we were all disappointed with the food. The presentation of the starters was poor - and my onion pakora was cold with almost no sauce. I decided to go for the monkfish curry - which was in a very bland sweet sauce - supposedly including coconut. I think the coconut was in the chef's snack time Bounty bar - I couldn't taste any in the dish. I'm not sure the fish was monkfish - but then the pieces were small and scarce - not really worth £16. 
Nice enough, one waiter found quite rude towards me as a woman in his manner, lack of etiquette. My partner highlighted we had a dirty plate, no apology from him. We were kept waiting ages for the bill. Nice after dinner chocolates, best have had from an Indian restaurant. 
Went to Kashmiri Karahi for date night. We got there and we were told to wait for 5-10 minutes for a table to be cleared but we could see many tables that were empty. There were tables that were suited for 4-6 people but only had 1 or 2 people sat on them. A family was then moved for us to sit down, which seemed a bit silly as we could've been sat at the table they were moved to. 
Nice food but there is no room to move, you are almost sitting on the table next to you. I wouldnt go here for something special but I cant fault the food 
Place is good. Nice location as it is placed right in the centre of salt hill park which is one Of The biggest parks in slough for families and children. Food is halal. Their service is moderate. We have been there few times. Can recommend as a good family restaurant.  
Sunday 23rd Oct. 
Tables and chairs were okay. Service was ordinary at the start, but then got a little better. Food was average for mexican food. 
We went in for a meal but as the seating is for groups or parties, they didn’t want to serve us two as they could’ve got more money from 5/6 ppl.  
Well served, nice ambiance. Food is very american and standard. Place is clean and family friendly. Waiters were very nice and efficient. 
And we are just talking the Burgers here,as everything else was pretty good. 
Went here a few weeks ago all excited for the mixed grill. Unfortunately the mixed grill wasn't sizzling like it used to and most the meat was hardly hot. The chicken Karahi wasn't fresh and was lukewarm. No salad was given unlike the few times I've visited. Just feel standards have dropped a lot but not sure why.  
We decided to check out this local venue on the last day of EOTHO. 
The staff were very attentive but this is an American style eatery with the accent on ribs, chicken and burgers. The food was well cooked and the prices were very fair. I cannot say that I would go again but would say try it for yourself. 
My partner and I were staying in the area so decided to try it as I had been here years ago with friends. 
Too expensive for what it is. Poor cocktail (more lemonade than cocktail). Starter had almost no taste at all. Hamburger was OK, but nothing more than that. Better places to eat for similar price. 
Went here for lunch. Both had the prawn combo fajitas. Had to complain about complete lack of prawns and they brought some out separately. The onions tasted quite burnt. It was average. No paper in toilet. Wouldn't go again. 
After many months of having my cousin tell me how great Kashmiri Karahi was I decided to visit after a great night out, with said cousin. 
well i came with my friends on last friday early evening. as soon as we were sitting on the table a one of the Fat gentleman came to the table and they straight away ask us for the order. we order some margarita but the margarita was not as good i was expected. then they give us some food on the house. salsa and chips, that was amazing, it was good taste. enchiladas and burritos was good.with in 20 min we got out from the restaurant because they were keep us asking any other order . i told the fat gentle man when we need we will call u . they we feel in was annoying so we move out from that restaurant. as for the customer service i will give 2/10 but for the food it was delicious. 
It must have been 15years plus since we last visited Sticky Fingers. In that time American burger restaurants have sprung up everywhere. When we visited all of those years ago I remember this place having a really good reputation for great burgers but time has moved on. The meal last week for 2 adults, 2 teens and a young child was £115. This was way too much for the meal we had - a shared starter with a main course each but no puddings. I'd go as far to say that the 5 Guys around the corner makes a better burger and we'd have only spent half as much. The restaurant seemed to have too many tables making it difficult to get to your table and the 'optional service charge' a bit naughty for what is basically fast food. 
Night out with Italian friends. We wanted to go to a Mexican restaurant. We chose this one, good food but not authentic, no Mexican. The weirdest thing was that the manager/owner was walking around asking for food satisfaction and saying for some reason he was italian. When he came over to our table one of my friend asked him which part of Italy he was from, as he had a foreign accent, and he said he was from Armenia. Why does someone need to say he's from Italy in a Mexican restaurant? And why hiding your nationality?  
Food is good but limited choice & no alcohol. Seating is limited as well, we were a large group so needed to wait a while. 
I visited it because I'm a big fan of Rolling Stones.  
A friend and I stumbled upon this place one Monday lunch time and decided to give it a go. We found the food was really tasty, and the portion sizes were generous too! We were the only people in the restaurant and were disappointed by the service, we just found the waiter a little rude and we were not asked once if we needed anything else or if everything was alright. 
we popped in just before our flight to Cape Town for some nice food. Service was a little slow and most items were not available 
Had dinner here on our last night in London. Meal was good, ribs were fine not the best I have had but they were good. Was very busy and the service was good 
Very nice Asian variety staff was ok your have to emphasise what you need then you will get it as staff don't take order properly especially if it's a take away  
Maybe I'm spoiled by having lived in Arizona a few yrs.,and also getting good Tex- 
While it's a stop for any Rolling Stones fan, it's not an attraction for the food. I ordered a burger and it was bland and overcooked. The waitress had not asked me how I wanted it cooked, it just came that way. The service was slow, and the waitress did not seem too interested on checking on me through the meal. When I was paying the bill, I mistakenly put the wrong coins down (the amount of coins the UK uses is overkill, and they are tough to distinguish from one another). Instead of telling me that I had the wrong coins, she brought me back my change and 89 pence. If she had told me I was off, I could have avoided adding all of those coins to my bag. 
We decided to have breakfast here while waiting for a plane, we ordered a bottle of the house champagne and then proceed to order lobster and king crab, to our dismay we were told that there was none left as the previous day they were very busy and had sold out. I would of thought that being at a very busy airport they would of been able to order in from their suppliers . Not a good start to our holiday , the smoked salmon wasn't bad but we could of had that at home. 
We ate here as the Monday madness menu fit in well with our budget as a business. The food was very good and the portions excellent, slight wait for drinks but overall a very good experience. However all of this let down yet again by a 12.5% service charge automatically added to the bill. 
Not the "best" mexican food but pretty good for London/Notting Hill and very casual, comfortable setting where groups can party and celebrate. Good service from friendly staff - get a sombrero hat for photos doing shooters with mates. Nice open air view of bustling popular street out front. 
Dropped in with a work colleague after finishing late. Shared the sharing board, the ribs were superb, wings were good, calamari was tasteless. 
We arrived 6 friends! The beer was good 
I visited for a family meal. The surrounding were amazing, as there was lot of green space and a park for children to play in. Parking was also not an issue because the restaurant have on site parking. The service of very good and on the whole the restaurant was very clean and pleasant. The problem that I found was with the food. The starters we had were excellent (Chicken Tikka and Lamb Chops), but the main course was lacking. The food tasted very plain and bland (Chicken Karahi), almost flavourless. The biryani was average as well as the flavours were nice but the nice was uncooked. I was getting the taste of undercooked rice at times. 
We went for a walk around Notting hill after 11pm looking for a few drinks and something to eat. Most of the bars we passed already had the chairs on the tables and were ready to shut the lights off, but not Tequila Tex-Mex. A nice young lady greeted us outside the door and welcomed us in. The place is warm and quaint, we picked a nice table in the corner. We decided to share a pitcher of margarita...it tasted like an entire lime tree was squeezed into a jar, rimmed with salt and given to us. Aside from the drinks the food was good, i had fajitas, my gf had the quesadilla, both were quite good. So if you want good mexican food try this place but try a different drink!! 
The food is average, they have only small bottle bears, but the good thing is that they are open till midnight. 
we went there with my friends on thursday evening. i found the price very expensive, for 4 piece of jalapeño they charge £6. i found the chicken fajita less portion and not cooked properly. one thing i like they gave us free drinks . they charge 12% service charge which i found very expensive. i think i will not think of going again. 
I've eaten at this restaurant a few times and although the food is nothing to shout home about, it does offer a good selection of dishes with some chinese ones which is great!  
This place has one of the longest cocktail shot lists I have ever seen (if I remember correctly it more than 200 different cocktail shots).. to make it even better, they have the most outrageous and profane names for each one of them.. Visited it with a few friends and we had a blast to say the least.. It is quite overpriced and overall the food is good. 
We wanted to avoid chain's restaurants around, so we went there. I was waiting to find pancakes on the menu, but I finally remained disappointed about that. Nachos were amazing! 
Average food nothing special but very busy dont know why ,I have been recommended for karahi dishes but disappointed after my visit :( 
My husband and I stopped here for lunch. The staff were friendly and we enjoyed the margaritas but the food was variable. We shared nachos for starters and they were fine. My husband had ribs for his main course and enjoyed them. However, the chicken in my chicken fajita was dry. Not sure I would go again. 
A group of us had lunch here one weekday. A mixture of lamb, chicken, beef and vegetable curries with rice and breads. 
Had a crawfish sandwich, and it was pretty good. I'd say it cost 50% more than it shod have, but maybe that's due to airport location or maybe all the Caviar Houses are high priced. Either way, this is still one of the better choices that I saw at Heathrow. 
I have fond memories of time spent in mexico trying different local variants on their prized dishes, but London seems to have started subduing food like mexican to cater for the Bland loving american tourist, Like America has destroyed Italian by bringing out their own version of what they believe their ancestors use to make this is what has happened now in London and its rather sad, If I goto a mexican restaurant I want some dishes that will have me screaming for water, Some of those incredible strong flavoursome Jalapeño and chillies used and the dishes here were just tourist food at best 
Food was nothing special and over priced. Serve lacked customer service training. Decor was very nice.  
Went there for the first time for my mum bday. Could not find parking! 
Had high hopes for this place as close to home but failed to realise any of them. Food and service average not southall standards but ok. Mixed grill was small and nothing special, curries and nans were better. Might go again to hgive it another chance as heard its better. 
Went there for the first time for my mum bday. Could not find parking! 
There's not much more I can add from my review of this restaurant from last year, other than the following. I notice some reviewers have had, in their opinion a poor experience. granted, Sticky Fingers does get very busy, however this week, end of January 2017, we rolled up having booked a table, and everything was fine. Service was good, food was good, no complaints. As I said, it gets busy and noisy as a result, so if your looking for somewhere for a quiet meal, avoid it. If your looking for something more lively, go for it!! 
Visited recently on a trip to London and had heard amazing things about this restaurant from friends. It was a good meal but nothing that I would be running back to repeat unfortunately. I had a burger - which was dry and I got coleslaw with it on the side which there was only about 1 teaspoon of on my plate. Could have been much better. 
The food is always of a high standard, one of the best Indian restaurants in Havering. However we booked a table for 6pm for 5, we arrived 15 minutes early and were seated straight away, we had popadoms and ordered just main meals, as we didn’t want starters. The meals arrived and we all tucked in, as soon as we had finished the table was cleared, they had quite a few waiters who hung around we felt to rush us. We were still finishing off our drinks, when a waiter came up to tell us that an area was available in the ‘lounge’ for us to finish our drinks, we ordered a couple of coffees but remained seated at our table. As soon as we made a move to get up to leave the staff were clearing our table, we felt like they just wanted us out. If we had ordered starters, we would not have finished as quickly as we did. They had quite a few large parties in the restaurant celebrating birthdays. If they are unable to cope they shouldn’t book in so many customers. We will think again before we go back. 
Came here for my dads 60th.  
This was m first visit to Sticky Fingers in 2 or 3 years and sadly the food seems to have gone a long way downhill. It's a basic "burgers, ribs & fajitas" sort of place anyway so the basics need to be good and it needs to be fun. We went at a quiet time, just after the restaurant had opened one Sunday lunchtime, and the food was a real let-down: fajitas were cooked OK but really lacking in flavour; the burger, which used to be a high quality staple of Sticky Fingers was just plain poor, way over-cooked, dry and tough, despite my very specific request. I think Sticky Fingers is owned or run by Maxwells these days, which is a really basic place, and it certainly shows in the food. If you specifically are looking for a good burger, on the basis of our recent trip you should not come here but to one of the modern, "boutique burger" chains that have opened in recent years, such as Byron , a few minutes down the road, or to the traditional Hard Rock Café (when Sticky Fingers arrived it was a good alternative to the always crowded HRC, but it looks like they have given up trying to compete) where you'll get something much more satisfying. 
Fairly predictable menu and reasonably priced for central London. Staff were welcoming and attentive. Food adequate. Music far too loud and premises smell like a transport cafe. Drinks expensive. Poor choice of desserts. 
A dimly lit restaurant which serves average food at a reasonable price. The service was OK. 
I enjoyed the starter but the main was boring tasteless the waiter was ok but looked like he needed helping hand 
We were here for lunch. I had not appreciated the connection (via Bill Whyman) with the Rolling Stones. Some interesting wall art to look at while you are waiting for your meal. We shared the nachos and we both much enjoyed them - plenty of cheese sauce for dipping together with avocado, sour cream and tomato salsa. My companion had the cajun salmon - rather too much sauce he felt but the salmon was good. I had the caesar salad and combined it with the grilled chicken great. The chicken was good but the salad was poor. A few cos leaves with very little shavings of cheese and I counted six croutons. Without the chicken that was £10.95 - not a good buy. Readers of my reviews always know I comment on w.c's. These were down a longish flight of stairs - not good for someone like me. The waitress looked quite surprised when I asked where the ground floor (disabled) loo was! Quite unknown it seems. There are better burger bars around and I doubt we will be back here any time soon. 
Very comfortable restaurant but the food was OK but disappointing as it was bland very little flavour for an Indian restaurant. 
Have visited this place a few times years ago so decided to go back as I was in the vicinity. 
Went for New Year's eve dinner. Good atmosphere an good burgers/ribs 
The fries. The quality of the rest of the cuisine has definitely gone down since our last visit (a few years ago), no big surprise. Very good service. Average plus cost. No longer the must-go it used to be. 
I used to visit this place regularly with some colleagues for the weekly pub quiz (which incidentally, as pub quizzes goes... is VERY good - a decent difficulty level & very engaging). Haven't been in quite some years but was passing through the town with my wife & she fancied a vegetarian burger-esque meal, so I suggested The Walton Village as I recalled the food always being pretty decent. Was pleased to say that it didn't disappoint - we both had the halloumi burger & enjoyed it. Took a little longer to prepare than I would have anticipated, but I appreciate that we were there at a busy time of day - so can't really hold that agains them. One thing I would say, is that it's quite dear for what is pretty typical pub grub; wasn't so bad for us as we took advantage of a 50% off Monday-Wednesday type offer...however I'd be reticent to pay full whack. As an aside, the waiting staff were very friendly. 
Went out with friends pre-Christmas. Was ok but nothing to write home about! Tables very close together and VERY noisy. On the pricey side for set meals. Won’t be returning in a hurry. 
If you don't get them on the phone by 6pm on a weekend then you haven't got a chance of ordering. Very nice place, which is why you can't get through to the number at a reasonable time on the weekend. Currently due the virus, you can't order by walking in (but you can walk in to collect, I think the virus can tell the difference) so the only chance to order is one number which is engaged non-stop and call back doesn't seem to work on it.  
If you go on their website they always have some offer , so best to check before you come, January they had a 50% discount on food. 
Have been here in the past. Food is always mostly good and consistent. They were very busy and fitted us in however they rushed us through as they wanted the table. We shared the duck pancakes which were tasty but the duck was a little dry. The spicy squid was scrumptious, Singapore noodles nice however the chilli prawns were a little overdone. I think the issues were due to how very busy they were. Disappointed that they did not have any dry rose wine given how popular rose is now. I would go back but would chose a quieter night.  
was here with friends on a weekday. Service was good but it's not real Indian. As an Indian, we can tell what is not authentic because that's what we have been eating all our life.  
While I thought the main courses were decent, and the service was very good considering the size of our party (20 people), trying to pass off jalapeno cream poppers that could have been bought from Iceland as paneer bites is really poor form. Pretty expensive too 
A very noisy restaurant nice decor efficient service.  
I visited this place a couple of times, wanted to give it a chance but I was a bit disappointed with the crepes. They were good and edible but not really made like in Brittany where I’m from but maybe it’s just preferences. The crepes are quite soft and floppy, the savoury crepes are overfilled with cheese and made with wheat flour as opposed to buckwheat flour and lack of buttery crispiness! However the service is impeccable!  
Well it is a pub so it is gonna be noisy and perhaps not for families with young children . 
Strange venue, not really a restaurant as no tables laid out. Service was very good and staff friendly. Starters were excellent, sizzling platters. Main courses were strange never had pilaf rice with carrots and peas. Starters fair better than mains. Even though we took banners and decorations, they failed to put them up after assuring us they would. They did bring out cake and were helpful. Would i return, yes with a group for starters and drinks.  
A group of us went here mid-week to use their table tennis room which was great fun! This place has a great range of beers and the barman was super efficient at serving us. 
So went ton watch football, got exactly what i expected, full of men etc. The sound however was way to loud, we couldn't hear each other on the same table. Numerous ignored requests to all staff who referred it to who i assume was the bar manager and completely ignored everyone. A couple of times eventually he did turn the sound down only to turn ut back up again minutes later. Even at half time. People come to pubs to talk to each other and to do need to be able to hear each other, really put me off the place which is a shame as the food was nice everyone else was good but.... TURN THE VOLUME DOWN..... 
The food at this place is very good but it is an extremely place. The clientele are mostly men - 90% - on a boy's night out and the noise levels rose as they all got very merry. The music is too loud which makes it difficult to hear and have a conversation. The service was good and all the dishes ordered were very tasty and the portions are generous. The Naan bread was some of the best we have had. Have given it 3 stars due to the level of noise which could be adjusted if they did not have the music on so loud! 
The expectations rose when we walked into this restaurant, it looked really nice and quality. The staff were lovely and friendly. Unfortunately I found the food quite average, in fact my lamb tikka had no real taste and I wouldn't have been able to identify the meat as it was so tasteless. 
Thought we try this restaurant as many others in the area are Italian so this would be something different. Staff were pleasant and service good. Place was practically empty. Food was nice but the price was far more than the take away price for same items. Might go back. 
I rang and booked a 10pm table . Arrived at 10 and was seated in the back of the restaurant. 
Popped in here whilst out with a group of friends. When walking in was not at all impressed with the standard of hygiene and first impression. Tables were old and dirty etc. Menu was dirty however food was good but not wow. Presentation could need improving.  
The food was good but the portions are smaller. Not sure if this because we had a big group or its now the norm. We have had in the past a banquet for 2 for my wife and twin 4 year olds and had plenty of food in fact too much food. We had a 6 adults and the twins so had a banquet for 6 and there was only just enough! The cost was very expensive as well. My wife says she doesn't want to return! 
This is a nice place to come on a Saturday lunchtime as is quiet and the house nachos and chips are lovely. That said, some of the items on the menu are very overpriced (For example, if you just order a burger on it's own) and I feel there should be a wider selection of food. Staff could also be a bit more friendly. 
Smart decor,service good,food OK nothing special. Poppadoms soapy taste. Mushroom bhaji not dry as requested ! 
So excited to have a this kind of establishment on the high street but come on guys - where's your drinks menus with prices?? Basic stuff. I had to have an awkward conversation with the bar tender who had to ask how much I am willing to spend on a drink to decide which drink I go for! Please stand out from the rest and set your prices wisely.  
Went here with my mum as we didn't feel like cooking. It's been around a long time and is popular for takeaway and eat in.  
Very nicely decorated restaurant and had a lovely feel to it but we found the overall experience not as good as we had hoped for. There was one guy who kept trying to rush us for our order and got annoyed when we said we weren’t ready. We mentioned this to another member of staff and we were left alone after that (which was excellent). 
we were group of 8 people, we waited too long for drinks waiter and service of food, not sure I'll visit this restaurant again.  
Good night again you have to watch them on over charging more emphases on pumping drinks on the table I no this is the norm we paid a £60 deposit. I had to remind them of this after the bill was settled and again this week our friends had the same problem Food ok tad over priced  
It was hard to book, and were rude on the phone... However thought I would go anyway. Was hospitable but the service wasn't great. The food was good but hate bad service  
Visited whilst on a trip to London with my partner. General service was okay. 
My wife and I popped in for a mid-week curry. My wife ordered the Chicken Jalfrezi, which we’ve had in many Indian restaurants. This was different, a deep red sauce, rather than the brown gravy that is the norm. The only spicy was when she ate a chilly. My Chicken Shazani had a bit more flavour but not much. We vist irregularly a d it will be a while before we come back u fortunately.  
I stayed here for a couple of nights and would comment that the rooms was very pleasing. Clean, well equipped, and spacious. I really enjoyed the large comfortable bed. 
A large group of us went here on Friday night for a friends birthday. The food was good but the service was very slow. We had to keep asking the waitress for drinks and a couple of time just went to the bar to get a round as it seemed very short staffed! What really spoilt it was a group of women who were extremely drunk. The band was good when we got up to dance these women were falling over on the dance floor. The singer from the band made a comment to us about the state they were in. One went to the loo and was sick and just left it didn’t even flush the chain. When one of us spoke to the manager, he was very rude and arrogant and told us they were regulars! So he seemed to think it was ok! We’ve been to the crown a number of times, we have a girls night booked in a couple of weeks. We always recommend this place to family and friends but after our experience on Friday we will be having a rethink!  
One of several Chinese restaurants in and around the Whitgift Centre. The food is authentic, but far from superior. But then the price is very reasonable, so why complain. 
the food is bland with little choice. The tables and chairs are more like a "transport" café. No atmosphere. Ok for a quick meal if you are not fussy 
The Whitgift Centre has seen better days. A smart and efficient Thai with waitress service closed a year or two at the other end of this rather soulless complex. This self-service caff serving Malaysian food out of plastic troughs is no substitute. It's remarkably cheap. I don't think I paid more than £6 for my choice of lamb curry with rice, a vegetable and a can of Fanta orange juice. But the lamb comprised mainly of bones, the rice was adequate enough but there was hardly any choice of vegetable as one plastic trough only had half a green bean left, a second of potatoes which had completely disappeared, so I opted for a portion of yellow goo which was said to be lentils. There was also an absence of some cutlery, namely no knives. When I complained at the till I was told not that some more were being washed and would be with me shortly but that they had run out. Tough! Nor did a side plate for my prawn crackers which I therefore had to eat straight from their plastic bag. And of course no glass for my orange juice. 
This is somewhere different to pop into for lunch when shopping in croydon. Interesting mix of Malay/Singaporean dishes on offer, however the menu is a little confusing, also doesn't actually list everything available! 
Visited the crown for Sunday lunch. Called beforehand to make sure they were still serving. Sat down and went to have our order taken to find out that no chicken was available. Ordered a Lamb and Beef. The Beef was okay but the lamb was too tough to eat. To top it off, we ordered a side of cauliflower cheese to find out after we received our mains that there was none left! Disappointing but the staff were friendly 
I visited the Crown at the weekend with my two sisters who had stayed overnight there on another occasion and recommended we eat there. We had starters which were nice but unfortunately the main I ordered ,sausage and mash , had mash potato that was singed at the edges either from microwaving which was disappointing given their prices. Also the bar staff were very attentive but the waitress clearing the plates was very abrupt and actually cleared some away whilst my sisters were still eating theirs which was a surprise, given the sophisticated surroundings of the restaurant.She then returned at the end to collect the rest and was quite rude when I asked whether we should order further drinks from her or the bar. Overall would recommend for a casual drink as the setting is really welcoming but not a special occasion as it wasn't really anything special. 
Firstly the positive... we had invited 60 to 70 friends to say goodbye as we were leaving the area. The buffet was great and DJ was good . The not so good was that we had booked a private room with it's own bar and an ability to play our own music. This was booked two weeks in advance and confirmed which room we would have. On the day my daughter spoke to the manager who confirmed everything was ok. It wasn't until we actually turned up ready to greet our guests that we found that in fact we had no room . Instead a side of the ''Old Bar'' had been blocked off for us. This is NOT what we asked for for several reasons. 
We visited the Crown on Friday 17th August in the main because they had a band playing. As it happens we ended up eating there too. My partner had steak, which was gorgeous and I had chicken escalope, both of which were really nice (the steak especially was perfectly cooked). I would however say that there isn't a great choice of vegetables (which you have to order separately) and so both dished were a bit top heavy with potatoes. Also while the steak was lovely it is a bit over-priced at £25. The band didn't start playing until about 10.15pm so we had kind of got a bit fed up waiting at that point and only stayed another 20 minutes even though they did sound pretty good. Oh and the drinks are incredibly expensive. 
My understanding is that Chateaubriand has to be cut at the table (ours wasn't), must be the completely trimmed very centre of the fillet cut (ours wasn't...it had the edges so inconsistency with how rare different pieces were, and some fat/gristle to the edge). It is very expensive here and so should be the best and most traditional...which it isn't. Saying that it it wasn't a bad fillet and chips. Service was good, bone marrow good, chips good, wine good and atmosphere good. But a steak place which prides itself on being the best shouldn't slip up on the basics. 
I have been to this restaurant with my team to celebrate Christmas. 
I heard a lot about Hawksmoor before visiting and I must say I am not as impressed as I thought I would be. To be fair, I did go for the burger instead of the steak since I had steak the night before, but all In all it was just ok. My wife had the mussels and said they were excellent. So, my advice would be to go with the steak.  
Terrific location on the first floor of the Whitgift Centre. 
The food was lovely and the service excellent. But our experience was let down by the drinks. We both had gin & tonic and could barely taste the gin. No brand name is given on the menu and we had the feeling we were drinking a cut price brand - charged at a premium price though! 
Great food but drinks are a bit pricey. Except to pay London prices! However food is really good and a nice place to have to relax!!  
The place is big, the service is good, there is enough variety for both veg and non-veg eaters.  
went with a large part on a Saturday night .Was asked to pre-order main meals although when originally booked we were not asked but on the day of the meal called to check everything was ok and was asked to preorder - which we duly did . Arrived at restaurant on time . Asked to see menu to order starters sides and was told i could not order starters as main meal was already being cooked !! what !!! ? when food arrived waiter stood in middle of floor shouting out who wants a chicken madras because they did not know who had pre-orderd what .. Poor system that pre-ordering . after sorting the mains we were one short so main meal had to be cooked , sides dishes were missing or with someone else . it was so disorganized i was bordering on hilarious . 
Steak was actually not that great. The service was great, and the seafood starters were very good, as were the desserts. But you come here for the steak, and it just wasn’t up to scratch unfortunately. 
Looking forward to something quite exceptional but was a little disappointed by the presentation and taste of the food and the lack of interest shown by the staff .. wouldn’t be in a rush to return  
I have been coming to this restaurant for many a year.. No more. The staff were lovely but the steak was average. My main gripe was the pricing. £65 for the cheapest Beaujolais can only be described as a rip-off. Over £40 for my steak well...... 
Done up a few years back lost a lot of atmosphere because of. Good food good beers but not the same. shame things as old as this type of pub have to lose its identity. But a nice place to visit if you can afford London prices because my God it's expensive! !  
A recent visit reconfirmed why it is we never go here, despite it being our local. Massively overpriced drinks (£12 for a pint and a single g&t?!) and very average food and slow service - we asked for the bill before the mains arrived after getting fed up of waiting for the food. It was also so loud we couldn't hear each other speak. Try The Kingfisher - much better.  
Sadly the pub has lost a lot of its original old world setting and is now geared more for food rather than drinkers. The food is average pub food with nothing interesting. 
Went here for a mums night out, not my choice but I do like a poppadom and a naan bread so i'm still happy. Good attentive service and patient with us. As I'm not a regular the menu was huge and a bit gobbledegook to me. Asked for a MILD curry as cannot eat hot food, this was still to spicy for my liking (would try a tomato/yogurty curry if we go again).Think the prices were average (our drinks pushed it well over any budget). Could of come out and quite happily had a bag of chips (at the Chinese)! 
Everything was lovely except for the star of the show!  
We have dined at the Crown a few times as it's quite local to us. Overall, we have found the food disappointing. The steaks are charged at a premium but the quality of the meat is below most restaurants' standard, and the accompanying sauce definitely seemed to be from a packet. I also had breakfast there and when I enquired if the hollandaise sauce contained raw egg, I was informed it is made from a packet. At the prices charged, their food really should be home made and of a better standard. Saying that, the chicken burger and halloumi burger were quite tasty. I have seen signs inside/outside about their menu offerings (e.g. A tasting menu offer) but I think this restaurant has a lot to improve on in terms of quality of staff and food before it can match its marketing. Sorry not to be more positive! 
This week I tried out the Jalsha for my weekly takeaway. There is ample parking at the rear of the restaurant which makes it easy to pop in for a takeaway. (I only found this out recently, hence the reason for giving it a try). There is also a rear entrance and a dedicated waiting area behind the main restaurant with comfortable seats and reading material. I ordered a chicken tikka with pilau rice, tarka dhal and plain nan. Service was reasonably quick, but whilst waiting I was put off by smidgens of food that had been left behind on the empty serving trolleys, stacked up in front of me. They had obviously been busy today. The price of the food was as average, but so was the quality. The meat was ok, if not a little rubbery and the Dhal had good flavour but was very runny. I did enjoy the meal, but with just a little more attention to detail, they could have made the experience a whole lot better.  
Some of the best beef I’ve ever had, was let down by over cooked Yorkshire puddings, bland greens and aunt Bessie level roast potatoes. Service was poor. Only thing we were asked was if we wanted drinks, all other service had to be called over, didn’t even check if we enjoyed our meal and at no point were our young children even acknowledged.  
Goan fish was hot but good. Biryani was average. However we feel we got ripped off for the drinks. £16 for 1 large wine and 3 soda waters. The response is that soda waters are around £3.50. Sorry but Dick Turpin was arrested a couple of centuries ago. 
Four of us went after work and had a mixture of different dishes. The staff were very friendly and the service was ok but the food let them down. Over cooked chips, greasy fish and tough steak but the deserts were good.  
Went here with a friend for a late lunch on a Monday, after a wet round of golf. Good selection of beer and lovely open fire. I wanted the classic burger, but they had run out! So I had to settle for a vegetarian burger, which was fairly tasteless. Not impressed. 
Our group had lunch here. Two of us ordered the vegetarian option but the waitress came back to say they'd run out and there was no other vegetarian option. Went for the salmon dish which was pretty bland tasting and very overpriced for what it was. Pretty mediocre I'm afraid. 
Busy today which reflected in the quality of the food. Steak and parsnip pie so overcooked it was barely edible. Pate starter would have been fine except only 2 tiny pieces of toast . Expensive and had I not been with friends I would have sent it back . Others not they enamoured with their dishes either. Service ok just lacked personality. Felt like we were just numbers . 
As a group of ladies, we have been coming here every month for tribute night for the last 4 years without fail. Happy to pay a deposit every time but this time we were informed that we’d have a spend at least £15 per person on food only. I understand that they need to make their money but most of the ladies in my group are of the more mature age and probably can’t eat £15 worth of food ! Even myself will find it difficult. Don’t think we’ll be returning I’m afraid. 
Early drinks, it's okay for that but I think fares better as a hotel venue for local business. Nice atmosphere if a bit dark inside. 
I realise a place needs to make a profit but £3+++ for an apple juice seems like daylight robbery. And the glasses could do with a clean. 
A group of us went after the Danson park fireworks.Service was initially not good.Table was not ready and waiter was very brusque.Room is very large and a bit soulless.The evening improved from then,all of us were happy with the food,the lamb mulpas was very good indeed and the rest of the waiting staff were fine.Initial impressions are very important so they need to work on that. 
This place screams 'average' at you, from the decor to the unmemorable food - fine for a curry after several too many beers on a weekend night out. Staff were friendly enough but there are much better places to eat in Sidcup than The Jalsha - it's not a place I'd bring my Indian parents to for a meal. 
The meat dishes were dried, so much so the diced fried poultry was hard and pieces got stuck between our teeth.  
I come here quite often on a Sunday for the buffet menu, which is not self service and all orders and brought from the kitchen, the value is undoubtably good but they can never quite get it right, they generally make my dish wrong when I ask for vindaloo hot which is quite annoying, if I complain I then have to watch everyone else eat whilst they record mine, I will try one more time !!! 
Went here with my wife for dinner, after waiting for quite a while to be seated we were shown to our table and I asked if we could sit somewhere else as there were some real loudmouths sitting at a table near the bar making enough noise for the entire restaurant to hear so went to the far corner of the restaurant to enjoy our meal in peace. 
Amazing reviews made us to go and try the Sunday roast. 
I came here with family for a Sunday lunch in January. Although very pleasant, the service was very slow and it took a long time for our order to arrive. The food was nice, but I would have expected better for the price.  
I ate here one evening, possibly shouldn't judge fom just one visit but I found the place lacked atmosphere. A big bar area, with not a great deal of people. It was a Monday night so that is possibly why not to many people about. The food was OK but, like the beer, it was expensive for what it was. Having not been around this area before, it may just be an expensive area. Taking the price into account is why I rated it as just OK. I don't think I will revisit, the next time I am around the area.  
Good choice on the menu and food was served fresh and quickly. I would recommend the jalfrezi! However I'd like to see something which stands out for me to make me go here other another curry place in the high street. 
We went for lunch on Saturday and even though it was not very busy, the food took a lot longer than we expected to arrive, the hostesses, were however polite and apologetic about this. When the food came, I had to send mine back as it was cold in the middle. By the time a new dish arrived, my wife was finished hers.  
Tried the food from counter...Food is ok 
The chicken tikka and lamb Tikka had no taste at all. It lacked adequate seasoning. Having said that, staff was very cordial and did give us good service. 
It's a big place so they can take large parties, but the food quality isn't that great. On the night we went, the place was pretty busy, so service was slow.  
Good service in modern surrounds. It was Friday we all went for a fish & chip type of meal it was fine but unremarkable. Happy to let us sit and chat over coffee 
This is a really nice, relaxing pub. Nice, comfortable setting, plenty of seating, cosy in the winter, great outside in the summer.  
We have had a couple of people tell us how good this restaurant was. We decided to try it and we were disappointed. It was just average Indian food. Service was a bit slow and décor tired. 
We have been to the crown on a number of occasions since moving to Chertsey a few months ago. The food used to be pretty darn good when we came a year or so ago but the last couple of times we've visited we have both been very disappointed. Last time we went I ordered the Cumberland sausages, bubble and squeak with ale gravy. I was very disappointed that the cheap sausages were dry and overdone, they were very reminiscent of walls or richmond brand sausages and not at all what I would expect for the price charged. The gravy was almost certainly just bisto with a bit of something added and was again very disappointing. My partner ordered chicken which was also very average and he commented that the fried chicken shop over the road would have been better! To top all this off the service was slow and we must have waited around 40 mins for our food to arrive. When the bill arrived we just felt like we'd been ripped off as the food was really not good enough to warrant paying as much as we did. We eat out quite allot and really don't mind paying allot for food if it's good quality and well cooked, but equally don't mind cheap and cheerful if that's what it is. You get what you pay for normally, but I would say that is not the case at the crown.  
This place has been renovated and is a great venue now. Cool bar, nice restaurant, and an outside area for the 2 days of summer we get :-) 
Overall I quite like this bar/restaurant and I would pop in fairly regularly as a local resident. It's got a few big comfy chairs which are great if you can get one by the fire with a nice glass of red. The drink is a bit on the expensive side however. 
Good food, but average service - an awesome pub, but standard food, a bit on the pricey side. Would go there again for the bands and atmosphere, but eat somewhere else forst!! 
It was New Year's Eve, so I'll cut them a bit of slack. We have eaten in and had take always for here in the past and it has always been nice. NYE food was a let down. Not spicy or tasty in many respect to be honest. Very bland. We will have to try it out again to see if it was a one off or not, but do I really want to chance it? 
Don't get me wrong, the staff at the Crown are very friendly and when they DO get round to you, you have their undivided attention. However, the Sunday lunch is very disappointing. I have given it three chances and will not be returning for a fourth. It is not cheap to eat (or drink) in the Crown and for the money, there is little variety in vegetables and the roast potatoes were definitely of the frozen variety. The last occasion was the worst. We all ordered roast beef and were asked how we wanted it, to which we call replied, medium rare. When served, the beef looked as if it had been microwaved and again frozen variety pots. They did put the meat right, but we did have to wait another 20 minutes. Very average. Don't expect much, except to lose more than a few pounds. 
The atmosphere in this place is brilliant and there's an eclectic mix of both young and old enjoying themselves at this casual and well supported hostelry. If you get the night right, there a disco too so the place literally buzzes with activity. Parking right on the spot too. The staff are very friendly and although busy always wear a smile. I can't think of any negatives, plain good value food that's hot and tasty. What more to say? 
Nice starters, great service, reasonably priced Malbec from Luigi Bosca. 
Firstly, I'm a huge fan of Hawksmoor, and have been to all but two of their restaurants (Edinburgh and New York). 
I went here this evening for my 40th birthday meal with my wife and I have to say the food was first class. However and this is a big however the service was awful. After waiting for 15 to place our drinks order they then followed a further 15 minutes later. The staff taking the food orders seemed ok but not attentive and lacked care for the job. The worst part was when the food was simply dumped on our table without a word and the server would then walk away. Trying to get the staffs attention was all but impossible as they seemed to walk around with their heads down to avoid eye contact and potential work. I would recommend the food but unfortunately you walk away having a bad experience because of the service. R.C Maciello just around the corner offer a much more complete package and a more authentic steak dining experience 
We ate there today for Sunday lunch. The staff were friendly and the atmosphere was nice but unfortunately my fillet steak was quite poor. It was quite tasteless and the cut wasn’t great. Also the cutlery and my napkin were dirty. 
Good food. I love lamb curry. love pumpkin curry too.I have enjoyed meeting up here with my friends. owner is lovely and welcoming. the old lady is abit funny when we asked for our tea to be heated up in the microwave. she needs customer service traning. 
Let me start by saying the food is always awesome (eat-in or take away!). 
My partner and I love Hawksmoor and have been to most of their London restaurants and the Manchester one. We decided to try the Knightsbridge one as we were in the area. The restaurant is nicely laid out with enough room between tables. We ordered a glass of wine each and my partner had to send his back as it had bits of cork in it. 
I absolutely love the Sunday roast at Hawksmoor and was pleased to bring my family who were visiting to your establishment over the weekend. Although the food and service were perfect as usual in the beginning, I was a bit disappointed by the service we received at the end.  
My wife and I ate here for the first time, though we'd eaten the takeaway before. 
Positive 
A fairly quiet Wednesday evening when we visited for a light supper and glass of wine. There's an interesting - even amazing - selection of Italian craft beers to pick from, ranging from around 5 to 8 pounds a pint (!). Plus a reasonable selection of specials on the wall, which were much more interesting than the fixed menu. Being unfamiliar with Italian grapes we asked the waitress to describe the reds - how heavy / light, etc. But this question clearly made no sense and she had no idea - all she could do was return to the bar and come back to tell us the alcohol content - which was not the question! Overall a good enough little place, but in a small street that also boasts La Trompette, Quantus, Vinoteca, a Spanish tapas bar, etc, seemed to me they need to fight harder to draw the customers from the competition. 
We were a group of 3 people. The common point of criticism was that there was a lot of sauce in the dishes but little meat/prawns. As a result, we had to order extra rice and chapatis, and I found it an overpriced experience for what it offered. Also, on a Saturday evening it was packed, but as the tables are placed too close together, it became uncomfortable and too noisy, with the waiter rushing around behind the back of my seat. Apart from that, the dishes were tasty. 
The decor of this venue is exellent, very modern in it's design and accomplished in it's implementation, worth noting there is a large bar area. We entered the venue on the off chance just the two of us at 10pm, we were a little perplexed at the looking of watches and and calling of the manager about our request for a table in near empty venue, anyway we were granted a table for two but for 'no more than 60 minutes'. OK bad start from a customer point of view but i see where they are coming from as they are directly opposite a public house, i think they were checking we were not two drunkards. The menu looked good with a nice signature dish section, we both selected the GINGER SPICE SPECIAL, chicken stuffed with mice Lamb, in a spicy sweet sauce, we also order a tonne of side dishes as we had not eaten ALL day. Well To Be Honest the food was OK, fairly standard, well presented with good ingredients but just lacked anything 'special'. At some other venues like the Maldon Tandorri, the food knocks your socks off with it's tastes and textures, not quite the same here, i mean the food is in no way bad and the ingredients are top quality, but the wow factor is missing somehow. Also the waiter told us three times 'we are te best indian in Essex', i think that reputation needs earning, my friend and i have a wide experience of indian food, they have a little way to go yet, but a solid foundation is being built. 
We ordered our meal by telephone, it was picked up by us after a drink at the bar. Fairly early evening and restaurant quiet. The cardmachine was not working and fortunately we had cash on us. On arrival home with our takeaway we discovered ( not the first in using Ginger Spice) that one of the main dishes was missing! Rather annoying! So one of us traipsed back to the restaurant to pick up the forgotten dish! Not a good start to our family evening. Ginger Spice you need to get your act together! 
I visited with two colleagues on a Tuesday lunchtime to take advantage of a 50% discount on food. We were the only diners at 12.30. Only three other parties came in during our stay.  
We are foodies and for my birthday we decided to go to Hawksmoor in Knightsbridge. Despite a phone call from them the day before confirming our booking when we arrived they had no trace of a booking for us. That said we could go on in anyway. We arrived quite early the only diners there. Had some cocktails and have to say that the Spanish Barman was incredible and very knowledgeable. We must’ve sat down at our table about 1 o’clock the only diners there. But that wasn’t the worst thing they started rearranging all the tables for big party in the evening I felt we were in the way. It was embarrassing and irritating. They were aware it was my birthday. At the end of the meal they did come up and apologise so they knew full well what what they were doing and how we would upset us. But before we paid our bill I must say that the so-called sommelier was not helpful. We ordered some very expensive red wine and it was freezing cold only to be told that that’s how it was meant to be and it was room temperature. I do have to say that the food was wonderful all except for the mushrooms which they seem to been boiled rather than roasted. We will go back but if we are disappointedagain we wont be going again which is a shame steak was amazing lobster amazing oysters amazing, but the occasio was marred by thoughtlessness.  
We had a great meal here, the waiter very kindly offered us a complimentary drink after our meal around 10.55pm.. 5 minutes later the air con went on full blast, the doors were opened and on went the hoover. We moved into the bar area whilst the waiters stood in front of us zipping up their coats. "no pressure" we were told - well clearly there was! 
Lovely modern restaurant, very busy but didn't effect the service.  
My rib eye steak was hard to slice, tough to chew. But my friends loved theirs. Portions of sides, disappointingly small. My Caesar salad was two bites. Service excellent. Had this been 30 years ago in England, I would have understood. But not today. 
The portions are small, expensive, the chicken karaage was not succulent chunks of chicken but very thinly sliced which made it dry, noodle options are very limited and if you don't like cold noodles or buckwheat noodles or udon forget it. Service was slow, it was hard to get the attention of the waitress and the place was only half full and when you did they weren't overfriendly. Annoying is that the service charge of 10% is added to the bill without being asked if you want to pay a tip. In the UK you do not have to pay a service charge and can ask to have it removed from the bill. 
We have eaten at Tosa many times and their food is great. However, today I only give them an average 3 because of the service. It took 40 minutes to get the first dish. They also told us that the sushi chef was sick once we were ordering. If they had told us when we came in it would have been better and they shouldn't have accepted so many people. Hopefully they learn for the future. 
We all went for my Birthday nice lay out food was good prices a bit high we was warned about over charging before we went and yes they added on a bottle of wine  
Passing by few times thought would try it out didn't book so was given hour slot then moved to bar area. Ordered our food which came out wrong. Lamb instead of chicken once arrived was tasteless didn't rate food at all have had better elsewhere. Paying for decor prices expensive for what you get wouldn't go back!!  
I don't think I've ever dined in an Indian/Bangladeshi restaurant in the UK and had good service. Every experience I've had has been one of where I'm left feeling that the waiter didn't think I was ordering enough food and was a nuisance to be in their restaurant. We dined at Meghna two weeks back on a trip to see friends in the UK and whilst the food was nice, I sat the whole meal feeling like they couldn't wait for me to leave as my husband and I hadn't ordered enough (we ordered two mains, pappadums, pilau rice and two beers, plenty for us as we don't like to waste food nor overeat). Won't be returning next trip to London. 
I visited this restaurant with my family and to be honest it is a good place to eat. lovely decor and good quality food. Will visit again 
Visited with friends after being informed this was a good Indian. First impressions lived up to all the reviews I had been given. Service was good food was delicious and you could order off menu if you know the exact dish you require. 
Went for a meal with a few friends was very nice. staff were great and reasonable prices. I had the madras and pillar rice, starters came quick and atmosphere was quality 
 As you walk in the restaurant I nice laid out and nice decor.  
We visited this restaurant as we had walked past and it looked nice from the outside. The food was above average and we all enjoyed our dishes. We particularly liked the papudoms and chutneys. The service, however, was a let down. It was slow and it was clear that the waiter was inexperienced. We were understanding of this. However, it was a Friday night and it might have bee better to use less experienced staff on quieter nights as there were a number of mistakes. The restaurant is very attractive and it is quite loud and perhaps not our scene. More suited to those seeking a party atmosphere - just not our thing. Food good though. 
The food used to be good when this restaurant opened but when I went there recently, I felt that the quality have deteriorated overall. The "Butashoga yaki" I had was over cooked and the pork tasted over-burnt. The rice seems old. Taste have become rather bland ( I am Japanese so I know how good Japanese food taste like).  
The food was ok. I actually read a review with someone saying they lived in Tokyo & it was really authentic! Which is why we went. We lived in Japan for 10 years. We was Very disappointed because they said the tongue was good as was everything ? We found our tongue was over cooked & more like rubber !!  
The food here was very good and it's a clean and well decorated establishment with a warm atmosphere. We ordered drinks and popadoms with pickles to get us going which were all nice - beware the king cobra bottle beer strength unless you like 7.5% beers by the way, it's ok until it warms.  
The restaurant was VERY busy although it was a Saturday night. We had booked in advance but it was around 10-15 minutes until our table was ready, the staff did apologise which was fair enough. They put a banner up and some sparkles on the table for my boyfriends birthday which we didn't ask for and that was a great touch. On the other hand we didn't get our mains until 10pm, an hour and a half after our booking time which is a bit slow even with starters.  
Although i wouldn't call this a bad restaurant, it's know better than any other Indian restaurant locally. The decor is certainly impressive (look out for the slippery floors) but you dine out for the food. I'm not saying the food is bad, but i've certainly had better 
The bar staff were very welcoming and friendly - but sadly that was the highlight of the visit. 
16 people ate the set menu £22 each, a lot of drink was had and each individual ended paying £55. Fair enough you pay for what you have ,  
Nice grub , but small portions and service not very good, always out doing deliveries , so kept waiting long time for food, also complimentery drink wud b nice, especially for regulars!!!!! 
So...the food was OK, some of it badly prepared - the dishes looked rushed. Quite expensive. 
Tosa offers a range of great Japanese dishes from kushi-katsu to sushi and izakaya style sides. The quality is great, and reasonably expensive as you expect Japanese food in London to be. The grilled skewers are a delight and served authentically. The restaurant itself is cute and a very pleasant space to eat.  
This place looks nice from the outside, but once inside and shown into the rear eating area you realise it's almost like a an unloved cafe and lacks atmosphere. The menu should have been obvious with plenty of photos to help, but no, it seems that it leaves out the vital detail of how many skewers or pieces of sushi you get per portion, so when it all arrived things were not as the menu seemed. Service was ok, but only ok. 
This restaurant used to offer a starter, main course, side dish, rice or nan and coffee Sunday to Thursday for £10 as do several other Indian restaurants in the area. Went there last Thursday and it's gone up a whopping £3 even though inflation has been running at 0% for the last couple of years. The food is good but not so good as to justify such a huge price rise. Are they deliberately trying to price themselves out of the market? Either way ther're succeeding, I'll go elsewhere in future. 
Food is reasonable as is the service but the place could really do with an upgrade, the decor is dated and there are marks on the wall, the table we were sitting at wobbled. the other gripe i have is the prices, we both had a portion of Sushi and a noodle dish with two small beers and it cost over £50 which is a bit on the high side for the small portion sizes, i won't be rushing back. If you love Japanese food you will like this place otherwise there are much better places in the area! 
Went there last night. It's taken us a while to go to this Indian because the lack of parking puts us off. The decor is lovely. Service was very good. Food was excellent. Drinks expensive. I also felt the table was small for four. Felt very cramped .  
We dined here on a Saturday night with friends. It was our first time here since the restaurant opened earlier in the year. As it is only a 10 minute walk for us it ideally situated. 
Went here on Saturday Feb 28th. The young chap that was serving us could really do with smiling a bit more. He didn't crack a smile once and didn't know much about the menu either which was frustrating. The other staff were very polite and lovely but as he was our main waiter it did kind of ruin the experience a tad. I wouldn't particularly recommend it or be going back again myself.  
We took our eldest son and his family here for a thank you meal and although the staff were polite and friendly and the meal was good, we were disappointed with the service as the evening progressed. We had a 6pm table booked and the restaurant was fairly quiet when we arrived. It wasn't too long however before it got busier which is to be expected but the phone rang constantly with takeaway orders coming in and staff were rushing to get these out as well as see to the customers sitting at tables. The atmosphere became one of being in the middle of a conveyor belt and spoilt our evening somewhat. 
3 of us had dinner at the weekend and i must admit to being disappointed. I love a nice steak & dont object to the uplift for a good restaurant...i was excited to come here.  
I have been dinning in this Indian resturant for over 10 years Sadley the resturant has been taken over within the last few months. 
Went here on a Thursday night in February 2017 and it was very quiet which is a shame. The food was good, as was the service. I liked the fact that the portion sizes were just right - sometimes Indian restaurants can give you too much. 
Really nice new place. Very stylish look and has a great feel about it. Can cater for couples and crowds alike.  
The restaurant was nice but the service was slow. The food was amazing. We all ordered the Sunday roast. It was beautiful. I brought a cake for my friends birthday and asked for it to come out after the meal. They didn't do this and I had to message one of my friends at the table to take my other friend who birthday it was to the bathroom while I spoke to a staff member about the cake I asked yo be brought out. She didn't know what cake it was or that there even was a cake. Eventually it all got sorted before my friend came back from the bathroom and she was still surprised. I definitely recommend this place for the food. But please bear in mind the service is poor.  
5 of us went to the restaurant early on a Sunday evening, there are a number of good quality Indian restaurants in Gidea Park and there is a pecking order. The menu is extensive and interesting and actually the food was good but serving it on chipped cutlery is not acceptable and long ruler like plates for starters is not a good experience for the diner which is what it is all about.  
Food was fantastic. Went with friends for a birthday 8 of us. We were rushed from the moment we walked in. Two courses and we were done in just over a hour. The waiting staff seemed harassed and in turn harassed us. No time to think or relax. 
We have had a couple of take away and they were nice, the décor looked good and the staff seemed friendly and cheerful. So we took the p!unge and booked a table. The service initially was intense, lots of waiters, one older one told the younger on off for no serving our poppadoms properly, just after he had served them to us. I felt a bit sorry for him and thought it was a bit extra doing this on the restaurant floor in front of customers. I enjoyed the modern, Essex take on Indian food, my partner felt it was a little bland and described it as a 'place to take your mum & dad who don't really like spicy food' - I thought that a little harsh! But it did lack seasoning. I really liked the the chicken Tava main dish and the lovely cold wine. As the restaurant filled up the service got worse at one point there were 3 waiters chatting loudly to the couple next to us which was quite distracting and a bit rude. Given we had to ask 3 times for the bill! Enjoyable but a bit hit and miss given the overall price. 
Went today as did have a good read of reviews and place looks lovely. 
When I arrived I was completely ignored by the man at the bar who was preparing cocktails and chatting to another customer, when one of my dining companions arrived and he finally said someone would be with us shortly. We were then taken to our table. There was mixed PPE for the staff and no checking for track and trace. The table service was friendly but chaotic. The food was tasty and good portions 
We had a family dinner on Friday night before the rule of 6 indoor restrictions came into place. The atmosphere was great as it was probably the last night for a long time friends could go out together. Hence it was full. We arrived around 6:30 so we were almost first to place orders. We opted for set menu for £30. Selections of starters and mains were really excellent. Everything was cooked to perfection. We tried Lebanese wine but it was too sour to my liking. So souls stick to well tried options in the future. At the end of the meal we ordered tea and dessert and here the problem started that brought the review down. Portions were so small! Baklava was 3 really small pieces for about £7! Halva was also very very small. We went to Turkey this year and know how much this staff really cost even if it has to be imported. Tea arrived well after we finished our desserts. Then we had to wait for the recipe for ages. 
The food we had was delicious particularly the Mezes. However a big shock was ‘Jumbo King Prawns’ dish, which consisted of 4 regular sized king prawns costing £23.00.... outrageous. 
We visited on a weekday evening and the place was very quiet. Just us at a table and the wait staff. No other customers all evening. Hence service was quick and the food came out fast. Food was fairly average Chinese. Fairly priced.  
Ordered delivery. Ordered curry sauce, it didn't arrive. Called to ask for it, they confirmed it was on the order, and therefore charged for, yet they tried to avoid the matter. I kept being asked to check again for it, double checked everywhere, no sign of it. THEN got asked "the thing is... do you really need it?" I hung up. 
Just fancied something different, and the food was really good, service was a little slow but once you realised everything was cooked to order then it was fine to wait. unfortunately we had a couple of people who were very unpleasant in the restaurant, challenging the waitress and constantly shouting about what was wrong, they caused a stink at the bar when paying, and let everyone know how discontented they were. this was upsetting for everyone especially those who were having a special evening. the staff managed, but rather than argue, just sent them on their way and banned them from coming again. Regardless of what they said they still managed to eat everything as the food is great. environment rather mixed but the food is the main event. would return but found some of the other customers too challenging. 
OK, so there was football on the TV - why do we need a TV in a bar/restaurant anyway? It's not a sports bar. Managed to get a table in the rear and ordered ribs which were mostly fat, sadly. The others seemed to have OK food, but mine was not only inedible but pretty yukky looking! Our chums said that they go fairly often and that my experience was maybe unfortunate, so I'm prepared to return as it's got a pretty good reputation. 
Visited last week with family . Only 4 in the group but 1 had to wait for their dinner and the rest of the group had finished ... food was great otherwise  
Me and my girlfriend we decided to go here around 5pm. When we arrive in the restaurant was just around 10 tables, not busy at all. The waitress called us to the table and after few minutes we made the order (2 Yaki Soba w/ Chicken and Prawns). After around 7 minutes she bring just one dish and the lady after almost 10min she realised to send 2 dishes not just 1 to the kitchen and then took more 5 minutes to receive the other dish missing. After I asked for a Expresso and I've been waiting for just a single coffee mora than 20 minutes and the lady look to us to many times before. 
looked so much nicer than it was. 
I only visited at lunch time for 1 pint of Estrella which cost £5.90. 
It is never a good start when you are not greeted at a restaurant on arrival, instead you have to wander around looking for someone to show you to your table. Unfortunately this led on to a general sense of being surplus to requirements and we kept having to call out to be served. I think as a couple we were not a priority and the groups recieved all the attention. Despite the lack of good customer service, the flavour of the food was very good, although the dishes were quite overpriced and not particulary well presented. The delay with seperate dishes was frustrating. If you order the Mezze you expect everything to come at once, similar to tapas.. so you have a range of flavours on one table. This, for me, is the whole point of Mezze. Some saving graces are: the ambience is great, piano player is a really nice touch and the people were friendly enough when we had their attention. I think more staff with better training would go a long way.  
Brightly decorated restaurant - pleasant cafe style Indian without flock wall paper or table cloths. Intent on being different but frankly ends up in the same place with a rather restricted menu. Really more of a snacky place with drinks rather than blow out Indian. Was surprised to be offered a £25 menu for lunch. Instead went for 5 dishes between two of us to get an idea of what was available. The best was the Haaka Wings starter. The Okra fries were rather greasy and better done at Dishoom. The Keema Pau and the First Class Lamb Railway were ok but rather bland. With a couple of soft drinks ended up with bill for over forty quid. 
This used to be one of our favourite Wagamamas but recently it hasn't been open on time. We usually come for opening on a Sunday and in the last few months we've been left standing around waiting and a couple of times have had to leave as there's no sign of them opening. 
It was so exciting when it first opened but now it seems so old hat. There has been little innovation in the last decade apart from more vegan options. Still dependable but needs to rethink and reboot itself to compete. 
Went to wagamamas on a Saturday night at 7pm, despite there being a lot of staff the service was slow and poor. Drinks were brought to our table that weren’t ours, then my husbands food turned up but not mine and our drinks had still not arrived by this time. When we were ready to leave we had to ask for the bill twice. There are pencils on the tables to colour in placemats apparently to alleviate stress and calm the mind but each pencil was blunt. The food was nice but the poor service will stop us going back again 
We eat in Wandsworth on every visit we make to London, we try a different restaurant each time, always a treat! Sadly not this time.  
Nice looking cafe with satisfactory food Visited in the afternoon as the only guests so we were expecting attentive service The two uncleared tables should have been a clue as staff busy chatting at the back  
I ordered takeaway food and water(2× bottles) while at the local Travelodge hotel, and the order was delivered without the water. I rang Walnuts Cafe and the staff member who responded asked that I come over to the restaurant to collect the water. I am not certain whether this is normal and good customer service. 
I love Waga and have been to MANY. 
I’m always keen to try out places nearby & this has been on my list for a while. We arrived after a shopping trip on Saturday afternoon. We expected it to be reasonably quiet, as it wasn’t dinner time. It certainly looks inviting & authentic when you walk in. We were greeted straight away, seated and given table water. I like the table set up, cups & plates.  
Not sure! 
We visited this restaurant for a family dinner to celebrate my Grandma’s Birthday, having heard good reviews. I decided to investigate myself. 
I took my partner to this restaurant as a recommendation from a friend. I thought the service was great and staff friendly, however, the food for me was missing something. It was just average. Good atmosphere but won’t be returning. 
...how ( at the time of writing ) Meejana could possibly be listed as the Number 6 Restaurant in this area, as I have lived around here for many years and could easily list many venues that would offer a better experience than my visit. 
Have tried this place a couple of times and will now largely avoid. The food is okay - but very expensive for pretty tiny portions and with very expensive wine the bill comes to much more than the quality of the experience. Service was okay at best so all in all a very average experience unfortunately. 
Me and my friend went for a bike ride and ended up here this restaurant is good  
I purchased some vouchers from Costco for £39.99 which gave you £50 in vouchers , so basically £10 off and thought we would give it another try as we haven't been for a few years . It was a Saturday night and we arrived a bit early and were asked to sit at the bar area . It was busy in the restaurant with only a man who seemed to be the owner or manager and a young girl who through out the evening looked like she would rather be somewhere else , as I don't think a smile passed her lips , were there to serve . We never got a drink at the bar as they were too busy rushing around . 
Went here for a going away drinks and I have to say the garden is one of the best I've found in London. Spacious, well landscaped, an oasis. I only had chips and a mezze platter to eat but it was good, drinks were reasonably priced and the staff very helpful. Also, dog friendly! Will definitely go back and try it again and try something else on the menu. 
Enjoyed the food here but the main meal and the starters were served together - so when we got to start the main meal it wasnt as hot. 
Visited with friends for lunch. We ordered tea & coffee and allegedly NY salt beef paninis. What actually turned up was ham, gherkin and much too much grain mustard & horseradish. And they were cold. We’d waited a while so didn’t return it. Our fault because the relish was overwhelming and brought tears to my eyes! To be fair it was a decent coffee. Staff were forgetful or maybe didn’t understand English too well because we never ever found out the soup of the day and had to order extra cappuccino twice because the server just nodded and disappeared. I won’t bother with another visit . 
We came here just before attending an event at the royal albert hall. Arrived early and warmly greeted and quickly seated. Service was great and food was brought out very quickly, however, the food was very bland - I'm glad we ordered some amazing side dishes and would have preferred just ordering one of each. We had a range of mains including a ramen, curry and different donburis and although I left feeling very full (due to the huge amount of rice), I also left feeling a bit disappointed. If I ever go again, it will be side dishes all the way. 
Popped in for an early breakfast with my husband after dropping our son at nursery. I ordered the scrambled egg on toast while my husband had poached eggs and avacado on toast. My scrambled egg was massively over cooked and I found it extremely odd that the toast wasn’t buttered but came with a portion of butter on the side (how you are supposed to butter the toast under the mountain of eggs - 4 at least is beyond me). My husband enjoyed his. Food seemed slightly overpriced for what it was, £6.95 for poached egg on toast with avacado compared to just £3.95 for poached eggs on toast. £3 for half an avacado!! 
Came here for a Sunday lunch date with my boyfriend, it’s very small and they were very busy so they squeezed us in between two other tables making it very squished and slightly uncomfortable. We waited a while for each order to be taken but that could’ve been because of the business although some staff were just loitering. However whenever we were served the staff were lovely and polite. We only came for some panini’s and a piece of cake, the quality of the food I found very nice especially the cakes; I would enjoy going here for a cup of tea and a cake also one afternoon. Overall good for a Sunday lunch snack but could be slightly pricy in places.  
I am not usually a fan of franchise places like this but it was not bad. For what you get the food is good value.  
Had both the wagamama and pork ramen, both were generus in everything but taste, basicaly , broth lacked seasoning (salt?) and was exetremely mild in flavours. 
The food is great and reasonably priced, and the seating outside is lovely. However the staff are abrupt and make you feel like a nuisance. I overheard a member of staff ranting about how their UberEats/Deliveroo customers were annoying and ungrateful. I ordered an ‘fresh’ apple juice (£2.80) that I saw being directly poured from a Tesco bottle that costs £1!  
Well everyone knows we go to Wagamama for a katsu. My gf orders strange things off the menu sometimes but shes insane.  
Wagamama, once a modern, trendy interpretation of Japanese casual dining, has since evolved to incorporate a broad range of pan-Asian cuisine these days. This Kensington High Street branch has been around for a while and is quite popular, and almost always packed at lunch. My family and I live in Dubai where we are BIG fans of the franchise. The problem is that we find the quality of food served at the UK original, this High Street Ken branch included, far inferior to what we get in the UAE. We found the ramen, usually the centrepiece of our Wagamama order, simply bland; the Ebi Katsu way, way too oily. You want a good ramen? Walk across the street to Bone Daddies. Or better yet, come to Dubai… 
I had dinner at Wagamama this evening with my twins boys. The food and service were fine. However, after dinner, I went to the bathroom with one of my boys where we saw one of the chefs come out of a private bathroom stall after flushing and walk straight out of the bathroom without washing his hands. Mmmmm, just can't stop thinking about that tasty pizza Papi whipped up for Jerry on Seinfeld after his little trip to the John. 
I chose the seafood noodle bowl. It was tasty but have had better. The others in our party were equally unimpressed. The service was ok. But I question the hygiene of the wait staff. 
I ate here after seeing a show at the Royal Albert Hall. I usually love wagamama restaurants however I was very disappointed. The food didn't seem to have as much flavour as normal e.g ramen and yaki udon however the chicken katsu curry was nice. The staff though were incredibly friendly and the food was served quickly. 
We had breakfast here yesterday. 
Cheap prices and the food was alright. Not the best or most authentic asian food I've had, but that's not what they're aiming for either, so if you want something casual and value for money, this is your place. 
Quality place and the steaks were good, but there are cheaper alternatives with equally good steaks. The lobster sandwich is a bit of con.  
So we decided to go to this place after reading enough positive reviews and about their steaks and roasts. Obviously we went on a Sunday, the place is very fabulous to dine in and kind of posh.  
Quite an average experience, hence the review. The staff didn't seem happy to be serving us. The food was alright, but we have tasted far nicer Lebanese food. 
A regular visitor to Walnuts. Varied menu. The halloumi and breakfasts are great but service has been a bit hit & miss the last couple of occassions.  
Food there is great, so I ordered some treats and favourites for a family birthday breakfast at 8:09 for delivery at 12:45pm (earliest I could get). It was rejected at 12:23pm - past the opportunity to go anywhere else. I wouldn't have minded it arriving late, or a notice/call that they couldn't do it a couple hours before. It was for 2 small dishes and 2 Breakfast meals, not complicated. Big letdown. 
We ate at 1pm on a Saturday afternoon.  
My family and I frequent Lebanese food on a regular basis. This is our third time to Meejana and although the first two visits we thought we good, this time round, we found the food to be average, small portioned and expensive for what they were. We had platter of 10 Mezze, Tagine Lahme, Mixed Shawarma Platter and Salad. These dishes were fairly average, nothing wow'ed, especially the Tagine Lahme (@£19 per serving!), felt uninspiring despite the alluringly exotic description on the menu. Service was pleasant enough, but we left feeling like something was missing. As fans of Lebanese cuisine, we also frequent Jeitta restaurant in Woking and comparatively, dishes are tastier and better value for money. You may well wish to compare accordingly. 
Ok Asian food, when you are in hurry, and you want to know what you will eat, this is the place for you. No adventures there. 
All ok, service, speed, beverages, but food, there's a couple of points when serving a Full English  
We go here all the time as it is around the corner from where we live. We have always enjoyed it but more recently we tried the Knightsbridge Wagamama in Harvey Nichols, and were surprised how much better the food is there. 
Very good food, but not the best I've tasted. My chicken Pad Thai wasn't spectacular, which was a little disappointing because I had heard such great things about Wagamama & was really looking forward to trying it! Service was on the slow side--my dish came out about 10 minutes later than my husband's (though they did bring out one of their brand-new menu items for us to try, for free, due to the wait...too bad we don't even like mushrooms).  
I ate here recently early on weekday evening with a friend. I've eaten here many times before early on a weekday evening, and in the past the restaurant had been quiet at that time, so the service has been very good. This time the restaurant was quite busy and the staff weren't able to cope - we had to repeat 2 drinks orders, and there was no apology on either occasion. At least the food was up to the usual standard. 
really expensive for what it is , foods good but its not restaurant prices which it is , i would also say theres too many tables in there to the point your really on top of each other , The other thing that really annoyed me is the 50p charge for using a debit card 
We've been going to Walnuts since it opened and normally can't fault the chicken shish- it's what we always have - but today it wasn't so good for some reason (different chef maybe?). The chips were different (normally coated chips) and not nice as a bit greasy. The chicken didn't have the normal taste and was a bit over cooked. The side order of mushrooms weren't cooked the same and had no taste. 
First off I want to say the food was all good apart from a raw chicken dish they served us.  
Only been once but that was enough really, Food was ok but quite ordinary really but the cost was too high for what it was. 
Myself and my partner had been wanting to try Meejana for a long time, as we are very keen on Lebanese food and enjoy trying different restaurants. The place itself is quite small, but nicely decorated and the people are very friendly. Our waitress was brilliant and very helpful. For starters we had the 
Lovely breakfast which I would say is the best in sidcup.  
Went to the Majeena with a few guys after work on a Tuesday evening. 
A very nice Lebanese restaurant but pricey for what it is. We had a selection of starters , incl. moutabbal and chicken livers all ranging from £6.50 - £8.00. Very tasty but for the price the portions were lacking. As we weren't hungry we shared the lamb meshwi for our main; 5 pieces of lamb for £16:50 and a side salad missed the value mark again. 
We booked a table for lunch for a special occasion. We happened to be the only table in whole restaurant - it was raining cats and dogs and I think most restaurants were struggling that particular day. As we were the only table, the service was very attentive. The menu offered a wide variety. Some of the dishes were very good and some were forgettable. Despite having to hear the waiter tell her rather personal stories to the manager, the meal was okay. Unfortunately nothing really stood out that would entice us back. 
I have eaten in Wagamamas before and always been impressed by the friendly staff and the very delicious fresh food. However, on this occasion I was very disappointed. I had a curry of some sort which was hot hot rather than flavoursome hot. 
Have visited Walnuts before and had a lovely brunch although the food this time was ok the service was awful. We were told to sit at any table then were not given menus had to help ourselves. Food arrived very quickly but drinks never arrived, when we chased they had not been made as we had finished our food we told them to forget about the drinks. To his credit the guy behind the counter gave us the drinks to take away for free but service was not really good enough 
I'd been here before and thought the food was good. Tonight it was too, but it was slightly let down by the slow service. There seemed to be confusion between the single waitress and the manager, after we had our starter another starter was offered twice. Good restaurant but service needs to be sorted and atmosphere slightly lacking.  
We have eaten at this cafe quite a few times and the food is good. However today the food took almost a hour to arrive, so we were not very happy. We were told they have a new chef which was the cause of the delay, something the cafe owners need to rectify. 
The food was good, not spectacular, but good enough that I'm glad we went. The starters were better than the mains, and next time we will likely just order a number of 'starters' that will comprise our meal. Let me say that the staff is EXCELLENT, extremely helpful, knowledgeable of the menu, and as friendly and polite as you will find anywhere! 
If you like Wagamama this is great, but it is just like the others. There are lots of great places to eat, so choose wisely 
I wasn't overly impressed. This was the first time I have been to Wagamama and I maybe wouldnt rush back. The staff were a little rude and I definitely felt rushed. The food was OK but not oustanding and relatively pricey for what we had. 
I visit Wagamama every time I visit London for a quick meal including a bottle of Kirin Ichiban Shibori beer. The food is quite good and the service is fast and friendly, but you sit on long wooden benches in a very large and noisy room. 
My friend took me to Wagamama during my trip to London as we both had our little girls with us. Must say that this is definitely a very child friendly restaurant and we saw many other diners with young children with them. They even have two types of high chairs - one for older toddlers that are lower and then higher ones for smaller infants that have two little wooden balls that baby can slide around to keep themselves busy. This is a chain restaurant that you can find all over London - this specific location is on the second floor but they have a lift. Very casual restaurant, basically tables with bench seating - not the most comfortable but it was fine for me. The food is Asian/Asian-fusion and wasn't bad. I had the yakisoba and a freshly made juice. Our waiter was good, he was very attentive and very helpful in getting us and our girls all set up. All in all I would say it wasn't bad, nothing necessarily to write home about but decent enough for something to eat if you are looking for casual fare and for a family friendly restaurant. 
I went today at their restaurant in Kensington and I liked the food but not as much as I like Busaba. The service was fast and attentive but they were trying to make you order everything and I was by myself. The plate I had wasn't too bad but it wasn't what I expected. I ordered brown rice with curry sauce and pumpkin and aubergine fried. It was a vegetarian meal and hopefully everything was vegetarian in it but I wouldn't be so so sure. I just went to wagamama to try and it was ok but that's definitely not my favourite restaurant and I'll probably come back to busaba next time instead.  
Where do I start with this one! After visiting on several occasions (being a local), I kept hoping they would improve! 
We often go to Meejana - the food is always wonderful, the service usually a bit touch and go...but on our last visit the service was really clumsy. We had food/drink spilt as we were served and when the waitress poured my wine she splashed my top. She did offer to pay for it, but that did not reflect in a deduction in the bill. Lovely food but service needs sharpening up. 
Food was good but my sister got her salad far later after we finished our meal.We left the place discontented.The place was very noisy and not very comforting. 
This is a part of the Wagamama chain. The first floor dining hall is spacious and pleasant. The food was not as nice as it often is in other branches of the chain that I have visited. Maybe, the chefs were having an 'off-day', but I will not return there.  
Friendly staff but very disappointed when we were served with our sandwiches which were large doorstep slices of white & brown sliced bread!! Also tea is only available in large mug with the teabag dangling! there is no option of a pot of tea as they have no teapots!! .  
I was taken as a guest. Having lived in Kuwait for 5 years and eaten Lebanese food regularly I do know a little regarding the cuisine although I am no expert, I asked for a particular dish but my request was met with blank amazement - perhaps it was my arabic accent however when I saw an arab friend and asked him if he understood what I said he answered me in english without hesitation. Having said all this the food was ok but will not be returning in a hurry. Good prices. 
The place does great food, and is worth the effort if you've got the time, but unfortunately it has a certain mass of local people that feel they almost "own" the place, as in, it's the place to go, be seen and they're all very, pardon...orange, smartly dressed and pretty...if you understand? It's just not nice feeling like you have to turn up in your best jewelry or clothing to feel at home sometimes!  
I had been told Wagamama was a great place to eat so I took my friend along to treat him earlier this week. We ordered dumplings and ribs to share for starters, very nice. The problems started with the mains. I ordered Pad Thai, but my friend was kept waiting for his curry. I didn't want to start without him but after five minutes I mentioned it to the waitress. Her excuse was, unbelievably, that "everyone in the kitchen is on different stations so the food comes out at different times"...!!! Obviously whoever cooked my Pad Thai was not communicating with whoever was cooking the curry like any other kitchen would have done. So I waited another few minutes. My food was getting cold. But then the supervisor came over and told us that my friend's curry order had been lost, that she was very sorry, and we would get that main knocked off our bill. This was a very nice gesture, without which I would not have stepped inside Wagamama again. The Pad Thai was average, big portions though, but the dumplings were better. 
Coffee and cake very over priced, quite noisy with babies and mums, didn't stay too long just ate and went. 
The food was nice. I had a veggie curry. The veg were done a bit like schnitzel with rice and a sauce. The taste was lovely. However the atmosphere for me was a bit like eating in a school canteen. Long tables with benches and very noisy. The service was good but not sure ii like the concept of everyone getting their food at different times. Interesting experience but not really for me. 
Booked for a Saturday night, the restaurant was busy with several large tables. The decor was okay, but a bit tired and we sat at the back of the restaurant by a rather drafty window.  
We ate at this branch of Wagamama last night and were disappointed by the experience. Service was virtually non-existant and 4 different servers tried but were unable to take our order due to some malfunction with their machines. We did suggest the use of a sheet of paper but that was ignored.  
Always like Wagamama but not this one. Food was goof but the service is not. The wifi that was "free" take ages to connect. Also the hassle of registrations for "free" Wifi. I think the advert at the door should say "free" after 10mins of hassle... 
Decent pan asian food with friendly service. Good place to go if you are in a large noisy group. Food was ok - wouldnt rate it the highest but company was great and everybody enjoyed. If you are from a place like India their hot is not really hot - guess indians can eat more chillies than any other nation in the world - but otherwise worth trying their firecracker chicken. Green juice was also good. And icecreams were excellent. 
Went with another couple for dinner on a Friday night.  
The food was o.k. but this would be a better choice for lunch, rather than dinner. 
I had a a very nice lamb wrap (forget the name of it) and a couple of glasses of Beirut beer. The food was good and the service was friendly. My friend had a wait a little for a takeaway. 
Went for breakfast on bank holiday Monday the waitress and water where very good ordered got my tea drunk that then waited and waited and waited in the mean time there was a couple complaining they had been waiting 45 minutes and walked out my breakfast finally come so I ask the waitress for another tea I clearly see her tell the two boys doing the drinks 15 minutes later I’ve all ready eaten my breakfast I go and ask the drinks staff where is my tea and they say we are just doing it a wouldn’t mind but they only have drinks to do and had a lot of time for a good chat I was sitting right opposite the counter 15 minutes for a tea is very very poor having said that the breakfast was very nice but would of been a bit better washed down with a cup of tea understand it is a busy place but need people who can understand that it’s a restaurant and work with more thought and purpose behind the drinks counter and a quicker chef maybe  
we were seated promptly and drinks order taken etc. 
The Vegan breakfast cost £7.50 but was tiny. Had 5 mushrooms, 1 small hash brown, half a tomato, a small pot of beans and a falafel sausage. The slice of toast covered half the plate. They served it with butter containing milk which was a little annoying. 
Wife and I dined here tonight, enjoyed both courses but wouldn't say the steak was as good as the price tag suggested. We shared a chateaubriand which was tasty but felt we had both enjoyed better elsewhere. Really attentive service and a useful sommelier to recommend some wine, nice environment with traditional decor.  
After walking along on the High Street, I stopped in here for a quick bite to eat. The menu is rather extensive and most of the dishes I saw being served looked good. I had the jacket potato which was very nice. 
My wife and I ate dinner here while on holiday. We tried this restaurant on the recommendation of our hotel which was around the corner. First the restaurant is in the basement of a building. It was well lit but no windows. Secondly the steaks are precut sizes and you have to order based on the sizes that have been precut. Unfortunately the size that we wanted was not available so we had to order a bigger piece than we would have preferred. We had the prime rib which was cooked perfectly but we had to order a 1 kg piece. We ordered Yorkshire pudding which tasted good but arrived to the table cold. The food and service were ok but the prices are very expensive. I would not go back since there are do many better options.  
Well presented Wagamama, but a bit lacking on the normal atmosphere. The food was fine, although we do find it a bit expensive (seeing we don't earn pounds!) Quite a unique concept but now getting a bit long-in-the-tooth. The juices looked better than they tasted! But it all is very fresh and presumably healthy. 
My wife booked a table for us at this restaurant as she was keen to enjoy Lebanese food again. The restaurant is small and we sat just outside the kitchen which wasn't ideal but all other tables were occupied. The atmosphere and service were very satisfactory. The menu is huge, there are just so many choices. We decided to have the 6 dish Mezze chosen by the chef. This was charged at a whopping £21.75 per person and consisted of 6 small dishes - two salads, some slices of sausage, five prawns, some hummus and some chicken liver. It was what I would have expected as a starter, not an entire meal and it was very expensive for what it was. We had another look at the menu and decided that we could have eaten a couple of starters and a main meal for the same price and that would have been much better value for money. The acid test with all restaurants is would I hurry back. Perhaps not, but if I did I would be more careful with what I ordered. We thought a summer visit might be better so that the Shisha could be enjoyed (outside of course). 
Second time I have been here but tonight a party of 5 (4 x adults). Now, the Mezze starters were good. Not really any complaints here. The mains. Three had the shish taouk. Whilst there was nothing wrong with it, it certainly did not look anything like a £15 plate of food. Effectively chicken and chips. We had 2 bottles of wine and 2xbeers and the bill was nearly £240. It was the mains that let it down, but we all said you would be better going to a kebab shop. Really sorry, the staff are nice enough and there are enough good reviews for this one to be disregarded but we won't be going back anytime soon, better and cheaper elsewhere.  
We visited the Hawksmoor a few weeks ago for a date night and mostly enjoyed our experience, with the exception of ordering our steak.  
It was good but the place is over rated. The service was pretty bad. Starters were good but main course was "normal" the food did not looked beautiful just very plain... I expected much more, specially being a pricey restaurant. We couldn't have desserts because the two of the ones we wanted were made in the oven and it was broken.  
My boyfriend & I went for dinner on a Friday night. We booked late but managed to get a table. The service staff seemed a bit under pressure & a little flustered but our food came without fuss. I wasn't impressed with the food at all. The chicken in the charwarma tasted odd & my boyfriend's mixed grill was just ok. I lived in the Middle East for a while & it didn't compare. I can't help but think that the menu was just too big. The meal was rather expensive for what we had and we left feeling very disappointed following the fantastic reviews on TA. The Lebanese place in Woking is much better. Go there instead.  
I love Hawksmoor, on my list of favourite restaurants to visit, it is right up there...  
We enjoyed a lovely evening at Hawksmoor and as a lover of all things Art Deco I enjoyed he atmosphere and deco elements of the decor. The steak was tasty, and the wine went down very easily. My only criticism is that the decor is tired. This is clearly an older restaurant, and the worn nature of the fittings is more 'time for replacement' than 'patina of age'. 
Went with a group of 6 people to Hawksmoor Knightsbridge. 1 was unfortunately vegetarian so not an ideal place but we assumed they could accommodate as most places do in central London. I would say that the speed of serving the food was very fast which was great as we were all starving. We had ordered some different starters and the vegetarian unfortunately only had the choice of ordering one of the starters as a main. The rest had their steaks and although they were tasty, the presentation was a bit disappointing. Everything from the steak to the side dishes didn't look in particular inviting. Literally just food on a plate which I know is the case in a lot of these steak restaurant but compared to e.g. Scott's or Cut which do the same - this just looked sad. The sweet potato side dish was basically just a boiled sweet potato with no seasoning. 
Have been coming here with family & friends for a while but must say our visit last week was below usual standard ! 
We are firm favourites of Lebanese and have over the years managed to experience a large number of these restaurants. In general we have found that the food comes at a slight premium but the quality of the food, the décor of the facility, the mood and ambience all makes it worth it.  
Pleasant and authentic looking cafe style Indian. Good decor and polite staff. 
Ordered fish finger baguette without butter and tartar sauce. On arrival had tartar sauce inside. Spoke to waitress who was apologetic and new baguette bought. My two points are why do chefs no read the order sheet and when I went to pay I was asked if everything was ok? When I mentioned about the baguette having tartar sauce inside instead of apologising I was told “well these things happen”. One this shouldn’t of happened (chef should have read order) and secondly there should have been an apology. Food was ok and have to say waitresses were lovely and pleasant. 
This was our second trip to Chit chaat chai. First review wasn’t so good due to the overwhelming smell of incense. This time was better but the chicken curry was overpriced , 3 tiny chicken pieces and 2 slices of potato is steep for £8.00. We had one rice, the chicken curry, Dahl and a bread with 2 small glasses of wines for just over £40.00. I’m still hungry! 
A few years ago, we visited Hawksmoor at Seven Dials and loved it. Although not cheap, it represented good value for London. We eat out quite a bit, usually preferring independent restaurants to chains and don't always review if the restaurant has a bit of a 'mare'. However, the overall price of our meal left a bad taste. Our friendly waiter explained the various cuts and, not being over-familiar with cuts and weights were hoping for a small portion as we also ordered side dishes. We started with smoked salmon and a crab salad, both of which met with approval. After all, how hard is it to cut a piece of salmon and add bread? Good crab salad, but at £14 it should have been. When the steak arrived (we decided to share) it was served with all the flair of an Aberdeen Steak House. Nicely charred and well cooked, but was it worth £90? The answer is a resounding no! We usually play 'Guess the Bill' at the end of the meal and neither of us would have guessed a bill of £180 plus. It's steak and chips for crying out loud! The meal was ok. No great flair or imagination and as may have pointed out – it's steak and chips! 
My wife and I love Lebanese food and was excited at reading the reviews on this restaurant but didn't take note of the dates. So here is the latest update. On entering the restaurant we where seen by a member of staff but was ignored for a while. Our waiter was lifeless. I ordered humus as a starter, 1 with veg to dip and the other was normal with pitta bread. It took a while but she it came they forgot the pitta and had to wait a bit for it. Was left for ages so I had to get the waiters attention to order the food. Waited 1 hr 10 mins for our main. While waiting not once were we approached to see if we were ok or needed a drink. We wasn't even offered the wine list. Oh, I forgot to mention they were not busy.. When our food came it was very disappointing. Nothing exciting. Was not worth the visit or the money. During our visit there was a young girl around 5 or 6 years old that kept running past our table. We arrived at 20:15 and at 22:15 she was still running up and down the restaurant and at 1 point she walked passed us with a bowl of chips covered in ketchup. The whole experience was flat. Tasteless food, no atmosphere, lazy staff. I didn't complain nor did I make a fuss. My wife and I smiled throughout. When we left there was no effort of communication from the manager or staff to wishing us a good evening.. Absolutely flat.. Won't be visiting or recommending this restaurant. The owners need to visit a real Lebanese restaurant and experience how great the food and atmosphere is. If this was my first experience of Lebanese food I would never want to try it again. 
We went as a large group of 18 and were pleased to be accommodated in an area that was almost just us - we even turned up early and this was no problem which isn't always the case so is a definite positive!! Also really nice that the tables weren't cramped and everyone had a bit of elbow room! The restaurant was also great about accommodating a nut allergy and really took care to ensure we knew if there was anything with nuts in on the table. 
Nice looking restaurant that was busy with a good buzz about it, so that sold it to us against the other options on the High St 
I have eaten at a couple of the other branches of Hawksmoor, and generally thought it was a good experience, but went this week to the Knightsbridge branch for a special occasion. Poor service all round. Although some of the party had a drink at the bar, ( and I don't expect to be questioned about my sons' ages when I am standing with them) the others had to wait half an hour after sitting down at the table before the drinks arrived. When the time came to serve champagne, had to remind them that we needed glasses for all the party, and it was generally poorly handled.  
I went here for the afternoon chai special with my family on a recommendation. 
I've wanted to go to Hawksmoor for quite a while, given its reputation. I finally went last night after having been invited by a friend who found a promotion of £30 for 3 courses online. I kept my expectations quite low as I felt that the Hawksmoor hype may have been a little too enthusiastic, and given the set menu may not have particular menu highlights. I was expecting the food might be good or very good but not great. Still, I was only disappointed by my experience - particularly the food. I had a beetroot and pine nut salad to start, which was pleasant if not particularly satisfying. For my main dish, I had a medium-rare rump steak which was thoroughly average at best. The sear was quite excessive and the meat was quite dry, with very little flavour. Dessert was the highlight, and the only genuinely enjoyable dish - a peanut butter shortbread with ice cream. The included cocktail was passable. We shared a bottle of wine which was quite pleasant, although not great value for the price. Service was good. I wouldn't return to Hawksmoor, and certainly wouldn't pay the a la carte prices for dinner given how thoroughly underwhelmed I was on this occasion. From my dinner, I struggle to see how Hawksmoor has obtained its reputation. I've had far better steaks in the UK even in mid-range restaurants and I've certainly had far, far better steaks in Europe and further afield. 
Came here on a sunday afternoon for tea, was fairly busy for a sunday... 
Good food however very stingy portions. For the prices charged, its disappointing to be hungry after eating a meal here meal. The vegetarian food is even more overpriced. If we have to eat quakers to fill our stomach after eating here, makes me think if I would eat here again. Its nice to be cool, funky and big on social media, but first you have to get your product and pricing right. 
Good news: 
I'll never have a bacon sandwich there again. It was awful. Bread too thick and tasteless and bacon was extremely salty & not enough of it.  
Went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon.  
When we walked in the smell of incense was so overwhelming it made enough me feel nauseous. I really don't think incense should be used in a restaurant. We moved to the back where the smell was less intense. We had the chilli chips which were quite nice and the Hakka chicken wings , well, I've had better from marks and spencer, no depth of flavour and expensive for the amount you get. The tandoor oven was broken so we had Dahl and roti which were just ok. What a shame we won't be going back when this place is on our doorstep. 
Good food but definitely expensive 
But the service really poor, the staff behind the till were very rude, didn't even look at us when we were paying. The girls were a lot better. 
The menu is kind of modern Indian food. Very good quality but too spicy with the same type of spice for my liking. After three bites you will loose the taste of the food which looks amazing. 
We recently visited Meejana one evening. 
Visited on a lunchtime.Clean, tidy, nice food. A bit crowded and noisy. Service was quick and friendly. Prices about right. 
The food is great and the presentation of it is excellent. However the staff make you feel you are in their way. Waiting to pay someone pushed in front of me and despite saying the waitress took her custom first. Its also very cramped no room to move. You can't book and there's often a long wait for a table. I won't be going again. 
I loved loved loved Wagamama when I lived in London in the 90s. I ate there as a student and then later when I worked in the city. I know it was bought by an investment firm and has expanded globally since then. 
A couple of weeks ago we booked this restaurant for a business dinner.(three people) 
The chicken ramen is okay but the yaki udon is below average. Quick food and okay services. The best of the meal is the positive juice I ordered which is very refreshing and at the same time giving back to the community. 
Went there for a business lunch and even though I've read all these great reviews and I'd set my expectations very high, I can say that I was a little dissapointed. Firstly about the service which was a bit slow -more than an hour for a salad and we were the only customers(!). The food was good and my company seemed to enjoy it a lot but it could be a bit overwhelming as a taste. I'd give it 4/5 but it's losing a point because of the dessert: I've ordered a baklawa and I know how a baklawa should look and taste like and this was a certainly not fresh and super-tiny piece of baklawa, totally dry and without any taste whatsoever. 
We waited 20 mins to place our order and then another 25 to get our starters, a salad and humous, which were very nice but very pricey at £7 each!. Another 35 mins for next course and the, uninterested, waitress walked around the whole restaurant twice with our mains before she realised they were for us! £80 for 2 small starters and 2 mains with wine, steep. Atmosphere isunusual and decor needs to be modernised. Food excellent though. 
Among us, we ordered ramen, rice bowl and pad Thai. Service is a little slow, but no complaints about our meal.  
I used to come to walnuts regularly each week before work, and to start off with, I couldn't fault the place, decent quality food with a slightly higher price tag than the average greasy spoon cafe- however, I feel they have become somewhat complacent, and on 2 separate occasions I and my colleagues had cold baked beans served to us, only to be replaced with a smaller portion than we originally were given when the breakfast arrived in the first place! 
This is a very busy but cute little cafe. It's not like a greasy cafe, but a trendy cafe.  
Fun place to go, has children's menu 
We live nearby to Weybridge and enjoying trying different types of food and found Meejana on Trip Advisor. 
Just like every other cafe in Sidcup. Nice atmosphere, nice food however I think it is way too overrated as many other cafes are just as nice 
We've been coming here for a couple of months now and whilst the family who run it are extremely welcoming and cheerful , I cannot say the same for their waitresses. They do not smile and do not seem to recognise or care that you are a regular. I've had the menu literally thrown at me and plates banged in front of me. It is such a shame as the food here is excellent and such good value. Now the family seem to be no longer present the atmosphere has dropped considerably. What a shame!  
We tried here on a friends recommendation - we live in South East London so was quite a trek but certainly one we'd make regularly for an authentic Indian fix! 
I have visited this establishment three times now and on our two visits we were asked to move 
Starters top notch but and mains tasty but vegetables ordered as a side dish were really disappointing and bland. In a slightly bizarre way mine host agreed with our views that veg were bland (and took them off the bill which was good) but justified them by saying that they were what the majority of customers wanted. Would you choose a Lebanese restaurant if you liked "bland"? 
We ordered Mango Lassi and Salted Lassi for drinks and Pav Bhaji, Vada Pav and Pani Puri followed by Baby Aubergine in peanut sauce, Dal, Rice and Naan. One of us who was revisiting felt that quality was not the same as in her previous visit. Our item was rating is as follows: 
A nice enough looking place with outside seating and a welcoming atmosphere. The guy who served us at the bar and brought us our food was very friendly and efficient. The food itself, however, was disappointing. It was a bit pricy for what it was and wasn't that nice. If I wasn't so hungry and conscious of the price I would have been happy to leave it. £11 for a plate of chilli should have been a lot nicer than what it was. The Chilli was bland and the rice was a bit tough. Also, the presentation of the food could have been a bit more interesting. A real shame about the food as the place was so welcoming. 
We popped in for a drink on a Monday tea time. The place is quite characterful and the full length windows give a lot of light which makes it a really pleasant venue. I ordered a prosecco and my friend a kir royale. We were shown that the prosecco would be a mini bottle and we said that was ok - we took a punt... Every time I have had prosecco from a mini bottle, it's tasted fairly Lamrini-esque, and sadly this was no exception. Bars need to provide a decent prosecco if they're charging £8 for it, it's not expensive to source, I wish they'd ditch the mini's!! 
Two of us visited this branch on 12th August just after 5.00pm. We were seated promptly and drinks came quickly. Strangely the juices separated incredibly quickly. We kept remixing them but it was most off putting. I’ve never experienced juices separating before. Our meal took 15 minutes to arrive which was fine and the food was plentiful and tasty. However it all went rapidly downhill when we came to pay. The requested bill didn’t arrive because they couldn’t find our order on the electronic machine they use. Eventually I stood up, put my jacket on and prepared to leave. That made them move! Apparently they had given our bill to another table. The waitress worked out our order and presented it to us, saying we only owed £28.80 rather than £32.80, no idea why I just wanted to pay and leave. We split the bill 50/50, ie £14.40 each. We duly paid, went to leave when we discovered we had been overcharged. I returned to the counter, spoke to the supervisor/manager? who refunded both of us but with no apology, only “the tills are playing up”. My advice is stay away from this branch as they appear to have no idea what customer service means. It was my first visit to a Wagamama and I’m afraid I won’t be returning.  
We booked a family meal for Saturday night and we were all looking forward to getting together. We arrived on time, water and wine list menus arrived in the first 10 minutes then we didn’t see another member of staff for over 1/2 hour, finally took our order then had to wait again for a long time for anything to happen.when the food did arrive it was good, but portion sizes for starters were tiny, had to wait another 40 minutes for our main course, one of our party had to go to the bar as no one came and asked if we wanted more drinks, whilst the food was good, the service was slow, if someone had at least said to us, “I am sorry, we are really busy tonight, hence the delay”, we would’ve been happy 
Went to grab a snack after a lot of walking around London. This restaurant originally grabbed our eye because of the advertised secret garden. We asked to be seated in this garden and it was really just a gross back patio that was partially roofed. The food itself was good but the service was slow and we were just a bit annoyed the whole time that we weren’t in a garden.  
Staff terse. Food pleasant but overshadowed by flat atmosphere. Have not returned. 
A little disappointing.  
I would have given this new restaurant a higher rating had it not been for the poor service. The manager is too busy socialising and waiting staff incompetent and rude at times. You need to invest in decent staff if you want this place to be a big success! The food and drinks are great so hats off to the chef! 
We live in Weybridge and have been to Meejana a few times as we both love Lebanese food. Positives: really nice mezze selection, good choice of wine, feels occasional rather than casual. Food is really good (apart from raw grilled lamb, but the rest was good). Areas to improve: 1. Value (it's a bit pricey, with a bill for 2 people with wine totalling around £100). There is no mixed mezze platter, so you have to buy a couple of full portions and I would rather have a bigger selection of smaller portions 2. Ambience/Service - it can feel a bit snooty rather then welcoming. Overall, it's a decent option for occasional dining, a bit more suited for slightly older public 
Since we live locally we decided to try this new restaurant which has so far mostly received only excellent reviews. 
I wish the full menu was available for lunch. Lots of the options we wanted to have was only available after 5pm. Their lunch menu is not amazing.  
Table booed for Saturday evening 
This is a fun, new place in Chelsea with so much potential! 
Personally didn't enjoy the food here much. It was average compared to some places I've experienced. I think it's overpriced for the all you can eat to be fair. 
I used to love this place the food was great but went recently and feel the quality has dropped. Portions are smaller (even though it is all you can eat, you have to keep asking for more), too much sauce, not everything was hot and some things were a bit soggy. To be fair we went midweek, maybe it is better when it is busier. Not sure if it has changed owners or anything. Such a shame. 
I'm fond of Asian foods especially noodles. We ordered one, unfortunately I was looking for an indregient that I've usually tasted. But at the end it's just one food that fills my hungry tummy.  
Went to peking diner for early anniversary meal, been coming here for years but chairs and tables need refurb badly, table cloths and napkins got holes not good look. Food not as good quality as use to be have found another local Chinese all u can eat to go to now. 
As friends who rarely see each other, due to our busy lifestyles, we made a special effort during 'eat out to help out' season and have been lucky to try some exceptional places, at exceptional prices. We were intrigued by what Jolie would offer and the evening started well; with great cocktails and fantastic service from our waiter Samuel, who was very knowledgeable and eager to provide recommendations. We ordered an array of dishes, including the côte de boeuf and additional stands were provided when everything couldn’t fit on our table, We enjoyed our selections but had barely finished eating when we were informed our table was required. We were welcome to go to the bar and were offered a glass of 'bubbles' as way of an apology. We ordered another bottle of wine, settled the bill and went upstairs, where our wine would be sent. 
We had a table booked for 12 to celebrate a family birthday which included 5 children. Staff were attentive and the food was Good, however, when the bill arrived we thought it was extremely high, £260.00 for pizza !!! As it was late and the children were tired we settled the bill and parted ways to our homes although the topic of conversation in all 3 cars was the bill. On checking through thourghly this morning it appears that ALL our food was taken from the main menu and not the set menus we had all picked, I hasten to add, there were only 14 drinks ordered of which 8 were soft drinks. Please don't be foolish like us, spend that extra 5 minutes and go over your bill in depth, ours worked out over charged by £69.00. In fairness to the manager when the party leader returned with the bill, he did apologise and refund the money. 
We live just around the corner so have visited this pizza express a few times recently as our kitchen is being redone and wildwood has shut! The pizzas are tasty but over priced. I would still only come here on the days we can use the meerkat deal. It was quite busy so the service wasn’t great, I’m sure we will be back though.  
Seems this place has acoustic problems, every noise is amplified, gives me a headache, food very good, overpriced drinks. 
I've been to the Peking diner many times and the food and service is very good but unfortunately it is very noisy in the restaurant.  
I really liked the layout and atmosphere in here. But they are quite stingy on the portions for pasta and didnt taste nice. 
Great branch of the popular restaurant but service can be quite slow as if it is a training branch! Otherwise all good!  
Jolie is just gorgeous, you cannot fault the decor. The atmosphere is great also (the music is a bit too loud, I was very croaky the next day from shouting, but it was a great DJ). However, it was not a very comfortable evening. They have made a point on their website about social distancing but this was not my experience. I was sat with one other friend on a table where my chair was literally touching the chair of the table behind me. I appreciate she was facing away, but it was so close her hair was flicking on me. There wasn't much room to shuffle away, so I was sat uncomfortably close to my friend and partly sat in a large plant. I realise all the plants and decor makes it pretty, but perhaps some bits could have been removed to allow for more space - it should be the priority. We did eventually ask to be moved, but that towards the end of the evening as seemed pointless to ask when there was clearly no available tables. Speaking of which, the food was delicious, but again the "small" plates were huge (as in plate size, not portion). Did not fit on our teeny table, but hey - they would look great on instagram! If I was to return, I would make a special request about my seating, because I'm unclear what changes they have made to ensure social distancing. 
We went to pizza express for a meal following a bereavement.. 
We used to come here regularly when it was Indian Kitchen over a number of years but sadly the standards deteriorated and it eventually closed. After a period of closure it has reopened under this new name and after not going for a we we decided to give it a try. 
Menu offers what seems an awesome menu. A few dishes we had were enjoyable. However most didn’t live up to the description given or the price. Most dishes came out barely warm, the nicest part of the meal (the sliders) didn’t even come on the charcoal buns offered and a lot of flavours were lacking. Their flag ship, the Cote De Boeuf, offered so much promise whenever delivered in a treasure chest but again - barely warm and lacking flavour. 
Disappointing atmosphere especially when a manager was at the bar discussing rotas and work stuff - keep that away from the customers. We ordered bottomless fondue - no breadsticks just some white bread which looked nothing like the photos on the website - very poor value for money. The mini sliders again although tasty looked nothing like the pictures on the website. The croquettes,fish and chips and chorizo were very nice. The champagne unicorn was also not working. We were expecting to be wowed and certainly were not- if we had been asked if everything was ok we would have given feedback there and then. Overall we didn’t feel wowed by the experience.  
Nice pizza restaurant great location, good service, 
Went to this restaurant on Father's Day, the food looked and smelt great when we had a mixture of the hot starters but when you tried to eat it the food was smothered in salt and everything was cooked in so much garlic you couldn't taste what the dish was meant to be, when we had the duck which was lovely, the main course was better than the hot starters at least they didn't put garlic and salt in the rice and curry, this restaurant would be great if the chef stopped smothering the food in garlic and salt, felt bloated and sick all night, trying to quench thirst, the women staff were miserable and ignorant, had to ask several times before request was produced.  
Yes this is a Pizza Express with the usual Pizza Express menu and small pizzas. The food and the staff are nice but the big problem is the noise! with hard tables and hard floors and ceilings the sound bounces round this restaurant making it really difficult to have a conversation. So I am afraid I no longer use it, to be honest with most of the pizzas available in supermarkets there is not much point anyway! 
The food was reasonable but could have been better . Have been to other Chinese restaurants at a slightly cheaper price and better food. 
We came here with friends, 4 adults and 4 children. We ordered from the all you can eat menu. It covers all the dishes we would normally order and more. Service was friendly and the food was decent. The portions weren't large but you could order as much as you want. Worth a go and we would go back. 
A quick stop off before our big day at Lego Land. This cafe is your typical builders cafe offering all day breakfasts & even serving chips at 9am in the morning. The food is very cheap so you will save a packet from eating in Lego Land. Just don't expect the greatest quality. 
Jolie’s at the ‘Chelsea Funhouse’, but actually it’s a fairly middling restaurant, with average food and service, with a few adornments on the walls. Nothing wrong with it per se, but nothing special. More of a bar, something for later at night perhaps. 
Nice pizza but the prices are ridiculous one of my least favourite restaurants only because of the price  
Been to this pizza quite a few times great food, good choice menu very polite staff nice decor. 
Tooooo expensive....compared to other restaurants in the area ... Pizzas are nice but when you are taking 3 children it needs to be more value for money  
I have been here a few times now and on the positive side always find the service good and the food quite tasty but because of the acoustics of the room it is a very noisy atmosphere and not conducive to holding a conversation over dinner. When the bill arrives IT usually feels expensive do what we have had. 
I am not particularly a fan of pizzas but we had a Tesco voucher so decided to give it a go. Our first impression was "Oh no, what a din." It was 6.30 pm and the restaurant was so noisy that a proper conversation was just out of the question. 
Not overly impressed. I came in based on the 5/4 * reviews but my experience was much different. There was only one occupied table when I went in and they were leaving (just after 8pm), I was immediately seated and given the menu - Which had noodles, some kind of green salad and a sticky sauce dried onto it for good measure. The menu is the normal Chinese menu - nothing special just the average stuff you can get from any Chinese wholesaler nearby. Ordered the King prawns in chilli and garlic - Got battered king prawns (obviously from frozen) on a bed of partially fried onion with some we chilli sliced into it and a side dish of watery sweet chilli sauce. Bit of a stretch from the menu description. Mains I had Beef in chilli and black bean sauce - Again average and I'm not sure where the chilli was especially as it is advertised as hot? All the time I was being watched by the waitress who seemed in a hurry to clear plates, maybe they wanted to close early or she wanted to join the other employee who spent most of his time out the front of the restaurant on his phone smoking. All in all pretty unispiring. 
We ordered a take away that arrived ONE HOUR early, but tasted like it had been cooked sometime ago. 3 of our dishes were very common ones and ok but no better. One, the chicken satay was over cooked, and the sauce was thin and runny, and a mean portion. The crispy beef wasn’t . 
I visited on a Wednesday lunchtime and the restaurant was quiet. I had found a 25% off voucher online so price was good. I did complain about there being 'bits' in my drink which had been partially poured by the waitress but was charged full price when the bill came which was disappointing when I hadn't been able to drink all of my drink. Food was good and we weren't rushed which was nice. 
Had a takeaway, it was very good quality food, the vegetables were excellent. Way too much salt rather spoiled it though. One of us had Szechuan chicken and this had as many lumps of chilli as it had of chicken, filled a tapas bowl with them. Might use them to keep the badgers off my food waste bin so not all is lost. 
We visited the Peking Diner on a weeknight having been tempted by the £16 all you can eat menu. I have to say we weren't particularly impressed with the quality of the food; it is pretty much a standard Chinese. Having been to some up market Chinese restaurants, these kind of restaurants are always a bit of a disappointment. Having said that, it is incredibly good value for money if you like a large quantity of food. Also, the service was a bit offish. However, it was very speedy so can't fault them for that!! 
This is a nice local Chinese who are very friendly. The big circular tables allows big groups to interact well! Parking is easy and the food is great. You cannot fault this place 
Exactly what one would expect from a Pizza Express. The service was friendly and unobtrusive and the food was good. My main issue with Pizza Express in general is normally the wall of sound created with voices from every table bouncing off all the hard surfaces. This time was fine though as we went in mid-afternoon and it was almost empty.  
Noticed this new restaurant and decided to give it a try. A departure from my usual haunt: Tai Tung at Wing Yip. 
A group of us thought we'd give this a try based on all you can eat for £16. 
I was on a nights business travel and just past this place and decided to try it. The menu was full with loads of choices across the meats and veggie stuff. The food was very tasty and enjoyable. The restaurant itself lacked something, felt a little clinical for my liking, but I'm sure if it was busier as it was a Monday night, it would have a different feel.  
Went to this restaurant with some friends. Food was good staff were very rude I think that's because the service charge was included.if I had my way I would not have paid it The restaurant itself I don't think has been decorated for a number of years and looks a bit run down. Don't think I'll be going back soon. 
It was your usual pizza which has become over priced. The new risotto was nice but we waited ages to have someone take our order and then to get their attention to order more drinks. We left Disappointed with the service.  
I visited at lunch time recently with a friend. We had been there many times, including to its predecessor. 
My first visit for a family occasion - ambience fine, not too noisy, service OK but food although fine in parts was overall disappointingly below my expectations and expensive too, as were also the wines with an average bottle of white.circa £60 (inclusive of service). At £80 a head inclusive of wine the food should be top notch.There are better options for original tasty Italian food in my neck of the woods (vicinity of TW11) and/or from previous experience around Marylebone and at little more than half the price. Likely to be my last visit. 
Some of the dishes can be delicious, but the standard is variable. As we didn’t find the chicken satay to be as tasty as in other restaurants, we wouldn’t recommend this. On one occasion, the chicken and prawn laksa was delicious, despite a scarcity of prawn, (just three), but, unfortunately, on the next occasion, the seasoning didn’t hit the spot - it didn’t seem as fresh and the prawns, again, just three, were soft and a bit slimy in texture. The Thai style chicken and prawn curry is usually pretty good. 
Staff have no manners. Need to also give option to order food with no MSG but they were confused when we requested that. We were part of a large party that was booked in but the didn't reserve enough tables as they didn't expect everyone to turn up apparently.  
Ordered a bruschetta and had to ask for more topping. It was like eating a piece of bread topped with freezing cold tomatoes. Hardly any pesto or onion. The La Reine pizza was also like it. There was a corner of a tiny piece of ham spread over the whole pizza. It was laughable, it was like a game of spot the ham. The pizza therefore, had no flavour I may as well have been eating a margarita. The only nice touch was the manager and a waiter came and made a little fuss of my daughter whose 6th birthday it was. When her dessert came they put a little candle in it and sang her happy birthday and gave her a balloon - so that was really kind of them and they did that without anyone asking. So thank you it made her night. 
We have generally liked pizza capers on our UK Christmas holiday and the mood and ambience is nice. The pizza we chose tonight was just a bit plain though with not many ingredients. It's all fine I suppose but it just didn't blow us away this time around and it seemed a bit expensive all up but then we did have a few drinks. If they could make the pizzas to die for, this could be a comfortable four stars. 
So the thing is about this chain is that it ends up being quite an expensive meal out, and it's only a pizza. 
 I have been many time and before my first visit I never really had Chinese food now I love it. 
Never visited but favourite with the Grand kids so tried ..They knew their way around the menu like I know the M25 so I had a Calamari starter and a Roana Pollo Forza (a flat LARGE pizza with chicken and lots of pepper etc ) They knew-- Dough balls and American pizzas and Nan had Pollo Pesto ..The restaurant was very busy lots of children and noisy but that is to be expected ..staff attentive ..no rushing but aware that immediately left the table would be taken as queue at door..Would I go again NO as a couple but YES with the younger generation thought a total bill inc drinks £88 a little steep but if that's the price Enjoy 
An old school “truckers cafe”. The menu is written on the white board and has many variations of breakfast.  
Lovely staff, helpful, drinks on the pricey side. A hotel bar better than most but not really offering much more. 
We love the food but it's very expensive for what you get. Lovely staff and you can sit in on a couple of tables, but its more of a take away facility. We would eat here more but for the cost. 
We had booked seats before 7:30 pm and the table was not ready. We had to wait 15 minutes for the table to be prepared (the restaurant had free tables). 
I visited the park all with two of my friends for a girls night out after work. We were shown to a lovely quiet table by one of the friendly staff. We ordered a bottle of prosecco, and a gin and tonic which we were very happy with! For our main meal we ordered 2 pizzas which were great and a pasta with beef dish, now this is were I was disappointed to say the least, the size of the dish actually looked like it was only enough on the plate to feed a child! For £15 for a pasta dish I was expecting just a little more. All in all a good night out with good friends. Would I recommend or return to the oak , No! I have been to much better places and paid a lot less for a lot more for my hard earned cash...sorry. 
We chose to have dinner here as we had eaten in Daphne’s in Barbados that was excellent. We were a little disappointed with our meal here. The food was nice but nothing really special; I would expected something better given the prices. 
This was our third time dining at Daphne's. Our reservation was honored on time. The waiter was very "snooty" and pretentious until we chatted with him about his origins in Romania. The food was good; not great. Service was prompt and attentive. Daphne's has become somewhat to 'in". Not a great value. Don't think we will return for the fourth time.  
I do like this place. The food is good. Not mad keen on the starters, but all the mains are great and the pizza are the best I've had in West London. My main gripes is that it's not a pub, it's a restaurant, you can't really drink in there. Maybe it's not trying to be a pub, but it is in a pub building and has a big bar, it's just a shame there isn't space for just drinking. The other issue is children, a lot of the time, you feel like you are in a crèche. I know it's not really their fault and families spend money but it does put me off. I would never go in if I had a headache or was feeling agitated and wanted to unwind in a pub, because there are always noisy kids, often running around and it's quite annoying. But the food is good and I will return for pizza. 
This was our second visit and it was disappointing to get pizzas that were not crispy as the previous time. This time pizzas were very wet and toppings were coming off the dough, it was quite off putting. Asked for a side of rocket salad (£4) and this was served in a tiny bowl: zero value for money. The atmosphere was great, I loved the lighting and music and the tapas were nice too but would not rush to get pizzas again. 
The place was looking quiet and nice, service was good and food too but the pizza it wasn’t the classic napolitan pizza so it’s not for the classic lovers, the pizza had too much oil and quiet difficult to digest because of that and the burrata was just half of it and for the price I was expecting something more. 
We went for an early dinner before a show, sitting down just after 5pm. Nice friendly welcome and a lovely setting. Service was very quick, our starter plates had only just left when the mains arrived, and it felt like they were trying to rush us out. Appreciate that being a Saturday night we can only have the table for 2 hours, but we left well within that and it was clear we weren’t going to hang around. Food was nice but didn’t really justify the very high prices, even in that part of London where you expect to get clipped. £34 for a veal Milanese accompanied only by a chunk of lemon seemed a little over the top. I suspect it’s a pretty reliable place though; sort of place you might take visitors when you want to ensure you get somewhere with a nice ambience with good service. But it’s not somewhere to go for a gastronomic experience, which at those prices it seems to purport to be.  
another review of this place and this time I was very disappointed. VERY expensive £290 for three for lunch and the food was very average, Crazily expensive for a simple Italian.Definitely taking this off my list of venues. Its not even the money but the very average food that really annoyed me.Also we only had house wine. Another over priced poor Chelsea local 
I had heard that Daphne's was a must to experience during a recent visit to London and I was looking forward to lunching there with one of my oldest friends. (I also remembered Daphne's in an earlier existence back in the '70s and was keen to see how it had evolved). 
Should be a good local restaurant in a neighbourhood short of good places to eat but the menu is confused. It offers cicchetti, very specific Venetian bar snacks (look it up!), which turn out to be tapas; the main part of the menu is regular modern Italian but limited; the there are the pizzas. We usually go for the pizzas which are wood-fired and generally good but nothing out of the ordinary. Limited but good wine list.  
I was a bit disappointed by the pizza. The taste was not very nice and lacking a bit...the service was alright. 
This place has a good selection of food and is good to eat. I like going for the cocktails and drinks: it has an extensive bar and a lively atmosphere. 
Stopped in here for a quick dinner. There was no one to welcome you and let you know the seating arrangements (i.e. be seated at a table or pick your own). After waiting at the bar for about 5 mins while one staff member served a big group and the other staff member ignored me, I was informed you just pick a table to sit at. Normally this would be easy, however literally every empty table was covered with dirty plates and glasses. As was the bar. So, I opted to sit at the relatively clean tables outside in the cold. This presented a new challenge as the tables don’t have table numbers. So, from the bar I had to try and identify for the server which of the twenty or so outside tables I wanted to sit at. There’s a reason table numbers were invented. However, the food was the saving grace. The firecracker Mac’n’Cheese was warm, tasty, well-cooked and there was plenty of it. 
We went in on a Friday afternoon about 3pm, nice place to stop for a drink and some nibbles, we got a sharing board £18 which was nice, nice atmosphere too. 
A gastropub with a lovely choice of wood oven pizzas and a good choice of pastas. Vibrant ambience and a good choice of beers. Great for an evening out with friends. 
This is a fashionable, lively and fun restaurant serving accurately cooked, mostly traditional Italian food. I enjoyed a proper vitello tonnato, a straightforward breaded veal cutlet and well executed deep fried zucchini. Service was friendly and reasonably efficient given the restaurant was completely full. Prices are high while the cheapest bottle of wine is £40. 
This is a very busy bar, so when we went for drinks after our meal on Friday night we stood waiting for ages to get served but as they serve a lot of cocktails staff were busy making these so we walked out.  
Food was lovely, layout of the restaurant was nice considering the small space. Food had great flavours and was reasonably quick. The only thing that put it down was that the waitress wasn’t to friendly but overall a good eat. 
Been to Stone Pizza a couple of times, lovely little place, great staff, very helpful as we had a baby with us. Lovely food and great value for money. 
Being italian and find out how pizzas taste in UK has become my second (not paid) job lol. Stone Pizza look really nice, the place is well decorated and the staff is nice. Coming to the food, I obviously took a pizza, can't remember the name but it has sausages, tomatoes, mozzarella, onions. I must say I liked it, it wasn't the best, probably also because I don't like raw onions on pizza and I expected them to be cooked. Tomatoes were ok, even though the sauce was a bit acid. Having tried different kind of pizzas, this one was good, the price was average, 8-9 pounds If I'm not wrong. Give it a try. 
Having been around Kingston for a number of years I remember when indeed on this premises an Italian Restauant once stood. I believe, and we may be going back a few years, that it was Pizza Roma. I remember the wood fired pizza oven with the opening facing the door and an enormous chimney type vent going over the top. You could watch the guy preparing the pizza and stuffing it in the oven. I'm very sceptical that this same restaurant is serving pizzas out of a genuine wood oven. For one the place would 'definitely' have that distinct woody smell, which the previous place did and the current one does not. My suspicions that I had been subjected to false advertisement were further aroused by the lack of chimney vent, smell of any kind and if you did have a genuine oven you would want to advertise it by showing the customers the ins and outs etc. I have to say the pizza was actually very nice, certainly no better than pizza express. In summation I could be totally wrong about my rant but I'm fairly sure I'm not. Come on chaps. Fairly sure town council health and safety did away with that pizza oven. Is the dome just for show. I'd rather express. 
As we were visiting our Grand-daughter at Egham on Saturday, we decided to drive in to Kingston upon Thames for the day. Feeling a bit peckish, we opted for Italian and dropped in to the Stone for a quick Pasta. We all opted for the Penne Polio & Fungi @ £8.95 per head. We were promptly seated, and food arrived very quickly - perhaps too quick. The Penne was "Al Dente", with very little sauce, which was perhaps just as well as no spoons were provided to pick up the sauce anyway! The portions were also somewhat on the small side, so overall, a rather disappointing meal. Unfortunately, we will not be visiting this particular Restaurant in the future. 
Highly recommend this place. It is not cheap, however, the staff, service and food were head and shoulders above some of the local competition. 
We had an enjoyable meal in this adequate setting. Personally I think it's one up from pizza express but not much more than that.  
Octopus and scallops made for great starters followed by mains of sea bass and linguine with crab - was great. We shared cheese cake - a fantastic end to the meal. Bathrooms clean, busy, service great, expensive.  
Nice atmosphere and location. Food was average. I ordered gnocchi gorgonzola and it was tasty, but didn't have the wow factor. 
Stopped here for a quick lunch when visiting Kingston. Small space but offered pavement dining which is always nice to enjoy pizza al fresco. Service was attentive and pizzas came quickly. We tried the mushroom and Calzone both very tasty and well cooked with a side salad. No complaints. 
Arrived around 11 am Sunday morning. To be fair not was st Paddy’s day, so maybe busier than there were expecting but only two staff waiting on tables. The staff were excellent, just jot enough of them. Slow service, although very friendly and professional. Everything was good, although the quesadillas were so flat... I initially thought that had no filling in!!  
For a busy Saturday night in a cocktail bar, you need to hire some bar staff that know how to mix a drink quickly and efficiently. Unfortunately the bar staff at All Bar One are neither. In addition to waiting for 20 odd mins for a round of 2 drinks, including a basic gin and tonic, I asked for a Virgin Mojito (as it’s listed as in the cocktail menu), and stipulated “no alcohol” when ordering. After faffing with mint, lime & sugar for a good 5 mins, he begins pouring Barcardi into a measure. I said “No! Virgin! No booze!” and the guy responded with a “whoops” and a smile. Not really acceptable and it’s a good thing I noticed this considering not only was I driving but I am pregnant! The rest of the evening I had to watch carefully as they made my drinks. 
I regularly visit Stone Pizza on weekend evenings and the stone baked pizzas are quite lovely, but every non-pizza item I have tried on the menu is a little underwhelming. What really keeps me coming back to this restaurant is the standard of service - the waitresses are truly a delight! If the standard of the pastas and side dishes improved then this could certainly become the best place to eat in Kingston. I also felt slightly put off by the over-friendly owner, but some people would find this a plus I suppose. 
Recommended to us, taking my sister-in-law out for pre Christmas lunch. Nice décor, greeted by an enthusiastic waiter. A table was booked for 12.00(early lunch as going to the airport for 3.00pm). When we arrived one other customer, a mother and two very small children. I love children I have some of my own, but we were shown to a table squeezed in between these children and the wall. The children at that moment were climbing on the table, (probably very hungry), the rest of the pub was completely empty. So I requested a different table, there seemed to be resistance to this request, I was told, 'there will be loads of children later' but I won in the end by just being firm but polite too. This was unsettling right at the start. Making one feel uncomfortable straightaway. Food: Starter good, garlic bread which was a very light pizza base, really delicious ( I make all my own bread and dough), good chorizo as well. Good sized portions.  
Freshly cooked pizza's which are yummy but the service is terrible ,especially as the premises are small the staff all stand and talk among each other behind the bar and are oblivious of customers ...........if you need anything you literally have to interrupt them as they don't seem interested in getting orders because they never come back to see if you want dessert or more side dishes...........if you want it then you need to call someone as they can not anticipate customers needs , maybe you should take note when you have few customers. 
Sunday lunch. The restaurant was nowhere near full so we could sit where we liked. Our orders were taken quite quickly and the food, when it eventually arrived - was good. But everything was so slow which was not good given that the place was not full. Two groups actually left because they wouldn't wait any longer. Shame really. When I mentioned the slowness to our server I was told that there were only two people in the kitchen. At Sunday lunchtime?? If they could get their act together this would be a good place for lunch. Might give them another chance 'cos the food is very nice. 
Very nice setting makes us expect something above average. A big place, with very low attendance at lunch time when we went in. Very good service not enough to compensate for a below average food in all senses!!. Might be better for drinks and snacks however we went for LUNCH!.... Must improve a lot in order to become a recommendable option! 
As chains and chain food goes - this was actually pretty good. All the waitress's were young - but very sweet and polite and I have to say an absolute credit to the place. 
Visited this bar a few weeks ago. Nice restaurant, food was good, lots of choice. Service was very good helpful waitress, friendly and efficient. 
This bar is very bright and airy , and when we called (on a hot Saturday) we were able to get a table without any problems.  
What’s happened? This was my “ go to” place for a night out. Last couple of visits haven’t been great so apart from using the vouchers we were given for awful service I won’t be in a hurry to go back. Great choice of food love the healthy menu shame about the service. So slow with our drinks and tapas starters we didn’t have chance to order main course as the kitchen had closed? Would have been ok if we’d been warned 
This place may have had a refurb but the standard experience hasn't changed. Good food, overpriced, fun atmosphere. 
There really is nothing spectacular about this restaurant. It is not bad, but there are many better options in London. Not a return visit. 
Firstly, nice inside - especially the back part where you can have drinks. We had a couple each pre meal, despite there being almost as many staff as customers, there was no table service offered at any stage. I don't know if they do this, but we may have had another round had they asked the question..... 
Great atmosphere, decor and staff but food is nothing more than average. It wasn't bad but just bland- we had three courses and I wouldn't have any of them again. Wouldn't return, especially as it's on the pricier side. 
We wanted to have something to nibble at on our last day and came across this bar. The tables were slightly messy so was a bit difficult in trying to find a table to sit down. Once we found a table and decided on what to order we waited for some time but nobody came to serve us. I noticed people walking out with drinks in their hand and guessed it was self service. Went inside and ordered. Nachos came super fast and drinks were good. Overall not a bad stay.  
This is clearly a popular place - I went on a Wednesday and it was full. The food was perfectly good and the prices didn't seem excessive and the place has a great feel. However, I felt it was being let down by the staff. While the cooks seemed cheery enough, the waiting staff were certainly not. Surly would be a better description. Goldhawk Rd is lucky to have The Oak and will be even more so if the grumpy staff could be cheered up or replaced. 
Went here for my birthday lunch. My friends were very disappointed in the food, which they felt was overpriced for the portions. Service was slow and they ran out of cheese. I know this is Bank Holiday weekend but would have thought they would be well stocked up as more people eat out holiday time. 
Eat here the other night. It's the second time I've chosen a main course (non-pizza option) and both times been real disappointed. I had the Black Ink Pasta Ravioli this time. 5-6 of them. They tasted great, but for most people would be a starter and at £17 doesn't represent value for money. Not impressed! 
I've been to all bar one a couple of times now and the service is always slow. On our recent visit there was only a handful of people in the bar and still the bar staff were in no rush to serve us.  
Visited Friday evening in June with my wife. 
After a lot of tweaking to the original refurb, this pub restaurant now has a great vibe and atmosphere. It's let down though by poorly trained, slow and inattentive staff. Pizzas are great but, no matter how often you order the same type, you never get the same mix of toppings and cooking quality twice! A good night out, but not if you expect seamless service. 
is round the corner, so if you turn up here in a frock from Poundland, you might feel underdressed . The Italian food is goodish, but the Italian wines are very overpriced . This is a fashionable restaurant with polite and efficient staff, and a good lunch venue for smart shoppers and fashionistas. 
Visited on Valentine after seeing this restuarant open in the area and reading some good reviews. 
Amongst the most expensive Pizzas on Planet Earth. 
The pizza that I ordered was incredible, it is a proper stone baked pizza, but they took forever to service us and forever to bring the food. Go there if you are not in a rush as they don't seem to care no matter how many times you ask them 
Enjoyable run-of-the-mill Italian eatery with pizza, pasta etc. served by cheerful and helpful waitresses. Worth trying. 
Just sitting in the restaurant and just had to post this review . We are here in Windsor for a couple of days sight seeing and wanted a spot of lunch so why not pop in to "all bar one " point one : staff seem to be all walking around looking like they have the world on there shoulders come on guys cheer up you are the face of the restaurant also some look scruffy. Clean shoes please !  
I have been there twice. First time for my granddaughter's first birthday and the second for Sunday lunch. A great place for families with plenty to choose from for kids of all ages but don't expect a peaceful time! However there are not too many restaurants where young children are made so welcome so rejoice in that fact. 
Situated minutes from the trains in a fabulous mall. Called in for a glass of bubbles, to round of my stay in Windsor, on the way catch the train. Friendly staff and nice decor. The brunch menu looked inviting so on my list for my next visit. 
Rather disappointed with our recent visit. Am not sure what happened, but while the restaurant managed to maintain the atmosphere and beautiful décor, the service was slow, impersonal, our table for 4 was so tiny that I was touching with my elbows the neighbour diners. We had to wave a lot to be paid any attention. Staff were absolutely unenthusiastic.  
We were a group of 10, and we were seated on a long table in front of a large sofa. The sofa was low and very uncomfortable to sit at to eat. The lighting was so dark we all had to use our mobile phone lights to read the menu. 5 of our group decided we would have lamb as the main course, and ordered this. After about 20 minutes the waitress came back to our table to say there was no lamb available, so we had to reorder. The service was good, but the food, apart from a good pizza was only just average. 
Visited Saturday 18th May, nice looking bar inside and outside, quick service each time we ordered drinks. Didn’t eat so can’t comment on food. Bit expensive for drinks but expected as Windsor. Nice location. Friendly staff & we would visit again.  
Sat outside in the pleasant patio area. Ordered at the bar or tried to. No not chocolate powder, no oat milk & no caramel syrup. Starters came & had the most delicious vegan nachos. The beetroot ones in particular were really tasty. 
Myself and my 3 friends went for lunch. We were very disappointed! The service was slow and the food wasn't good. My friend complained about her salad as it was brown and didn't look fresh. The manager's attitude left a lot to be desired! Having worked in the restaurant business for many years I know from experience that when faced with a customer complaint the best way to deal with it is to turn it around and make sure the customer leaves happy. That didn't happen. We will not be returning.  
We ate in her twice , took ages but the food was good and the apology was good the length of time. It took 10 mins to work out they had ran out of 2 options... why?  
We had a lunch in this place. It was not busy but the staff were pretty offhand and rather surly. I felt that everything was too much trouble for them. I had coleslaw with my meal and it tasted of cleaning material. I told a waitress she did apologise,and she said she would tell the chef. All well and,but it did make up for the fact that the horrible taste spoiled my meal. There was no offer of a free coffee or dessert or even a small discount on the bill. Given that this is in a prime tourist location I feel that the establishment and staff thereof did not do justice . 
I have been several times and am pretty sure I wont be rushing back. Not sure what happened, but in all service industries, you are as good as your last gig. In fairness, location is good, atmosphere quite lively, bar area looks great. However, we were served by an over persistent waitress that constantly moved in front of us whilst speaking, was completely unaware of this and I felt throughout the evening that we were being hurried. Most of us ordered the special, and it was tasteless, though texture was good (fish) but not good at all. The wines are also very expensive, at least 5x cost, which is a bit of a rip off, as I have personally bought many of them so know their costs. And when we did get the red wine, it was warm (and I mean 25-26C) and undrinkable. Cooling worked wonders, but they forgot they were doing this and had to be reminded. Just a bit ordinary really for £50/head with only one bottle of wine. 
We had reserved a table for our Weds lunch treat. Sure enough the table was reserved and we sat down in some very comfy chairs. So far so good but unfortunately that was as good as it got. The waitress who came to take our order was really quite surly and didn't give my sister a chance to speak and just assumed she would have the same drink as me-we had to be quite persistent to ensure that she got the cocktail she actually wanted! The menu is quite varied and there are choices for all budgets and tastes. The haddock and mustard fish cakes were very good, the coleslaw accompaniment was vile! It tasted of bleach or similar and spoiled my sister's meal. Luckily she warned me and I only tried the tiniest morsel to assure that she was right. We told the waitress, she apologised but it didn't really help. The salt would not pour as the holes were clogged up-we asked for another and the waitress insisted on testing ours first as though we were dullards! The replacement was also cloogged up, so was had a salt free meal- healthy no doubt but not what we wanted. We had to go and ask for the bill having perused a fairly lacklustre dessert menu. The table we sat at was wobbly and not properly clean. The best thing about the place is the beautiful building and the iconic location. Could have been a whole lot better guys! 
Staying in Windsor no real bar in hotel.. 4 of go for drinks find table 1 goes for the drinks all seems OK.. More drinks do you do table service NO , what a let down its about 20 pounds around no service, the manager could in crease there turn over by offering that service...... 
Four of us went to Daphne’s for dinner recently. The welcome at the door was cold and uninterested; we were seated at a table next to a passage leading to another part of the restaurant. We asked to move and were then seated at a pleasant table in the main restaurant. 
All Bar One is not a fancy chain but it generally does do reasonable drinks and nice food for snacking/sharing which makes it a good social spot. This Windsor branch, in the station, is no exception.  
Service very attentive, and ambience is good. 
The food here is always a little average. I have been eating here for years intermittently and it is fine without being amazing. The atmosphere is good and the staff are helpful. 
Two of us went on the spur of the moment on a Friday evening. 
This place is mostly about service and atmosphere. The food is mediocre. This was my third visit. I wa dazzled before by the look of the place and the service but I had to admit the food was lackluster. 
Expectations were probably a bit too high for this place. The food was O.K. We had some zucchini fritters which, didn't really taste of anything at all. Probably should have just asked for sliced zucchinis. My starter of tuna was ok.  
Daphne's is a lovely restaurant, very popular and if you want to be in with the in-people you should try it, on every visit I spot one or two celebs if you care about this sort of thing.  
The food was very fresh, very well cooked and tasted great.  
When we went it was busy, so we expected things to go a bit slowly. 
Windsor was exceptionally busy so we managed to get a table in here for some lunch. The service was good but the food was average. They brought three meals to the table that were not ours. Probably wouldn't go back 
Although my meal the steak sandwich & caramelised onions was ok the rest of the family were left disapointed with there choices.stay well away from the shared platter was very disappointing calamari was like fried cardboard & the rest of it wasn't much better.Chicken barito didn't look overly appetising but the sweet potato fries were spot on.A few tweeks needed on the menu side the venue is spot on. 
I visited with friends on a Saturday late afternoon. Although the restaurant didn't seem overly busy, we weren't approached at our table for 15 minutes. When we asked a passing waiter he rolled his eyes and said this wasn't his area and left. We tied to order at the bar, waiting for another 15 minutes with only 1 other customer, none of the food we wanted was available so other dishes chosen. Waited another 40 minutes, had to chase order and received very average food. Overall not great and expected more from all bar one.  
Went for lunch with a few friends and our experience with so so with food but the staff was very obliging and lovely, especially young Konrad who bent backwards to accommodate our every need!:) 
We ordered cocktails and were impressed with the quality of the accompanying snacks. The cocktails themselves were delicious, but the glasses/vessels were gimmicky and did not fit in with the elegance and style we would have expected from the Dorchester. 
Visited with my mum for my birthday celebration lunch. Staff were friendly on arrival and offered a table by the open doors which was nice but felt it may be too hot to sit there. We ordered drinks Moscow Mules which were not on the drinks list and delighted to be served them on the traditional copper mugs but unfortunately were very watery. Onto our food. I was undecided on starter but went very the salmon sashimi which I found odd as it was swimming in some oil or dressing and completely masked the flavour of the salmon. My mum had the prawn crab and avocado salad. Was presented beautifully but she said it was tasteless. Onto our mains. I had the tuna steak which again was disappointed it lacked flavour. My mum had the special of monkfish and she also said it was tasteless we shared a salad and some veg. Neither of us had a dessert. I had a cappuccino which was great and shared a carafe of rose Pinot Grigio. Came to £160 which we thought was quite pricey for what we had and wasn't bowled over by it. Will not return as there are so many top quality restaurants around.  
I order a cocktail to enjoy before my meal and it arrived about one minute before the food, along with my husband's beer, a wait of about 20 mins. I know the cocktails are made fresh but this is ridiculous. 
I had been vying to convince my partner to come along and try the food at this new and nice looking thai restaurant. 
Four of us went for lunch at Daphnes having booked one of the restricted menu special offers (£34 for three courses plus a glass of house wine). Welcome at the front desk was OK but the table in the glass mirrored conservatory was fine albeit a bit quiet when we arrived compared to the front of the restaurant which was "buzzier". Water was offered quickly - an American custom I really like - and bread / oil was good quality and no issue about refilling. House wine was our "free" glass and was adequate but we chose a Sardinian Vermentino as main wine (and later chose it again for bottle number two). £48 a bottle so OK priced I guess given where we were. Salmon and orange for starters was pleasant but not mind blowing and the tomato/mozzarella salad looked really good (should have had that). Main course of Gurnard and Borlotti beans / squid was very nice but the three plates came very disproportionately sized and when plating the kitchen should strive for more accuracy in that regard. Dolce was vanilla ice cream and roasted peach with the ice cream OK and the peach a bit bland. Espresso was nice too. Staff were very pleasant, not overly present - as usual in London all were from Europe, charming and professional. So overall a nice place, good ambience and food was pleasant but not spectacular and if you are in the Chelsea area you will not be disappointed if you eat here. Remember too that we had the restricted choice menu and did not try a la carte but the quality should not vary regardless. 
I was meeting a friwnd who was visiting and we decided to go here as it was a nice day so we could sit outside. A waiter came along and told us there was no table service which was fine so we ordered at the bar - what a palaver!  
Girly lunch with my business partner and a friend to celebrate birthday. Food was nice, wine list was extensive but, quite expensive. I had the veal and some lovely courgettes but that afternoon got sick as a dog with food poisoning. No one else had what I did nor got ill. Shame for the price that lunch cost me. Won't go back. I'm sure it was a one off but makes me skittish all the same. 
I agree entirely with the last review having eaten here since it first opened. 
5 of us arrived here for drinks and ordered some food too, unfortunately the tables were not cleaned quickly enough and we sat on a table with other people's glasses and plates on it. We asked for it to be cleared twice but it wasn't. The atmosphere is very chilled and friendly so we will return. Staff should stay on top of clearing tables.  
On what could honestly be London's Nello, we were disappointed by the chairs which ruined the otherwise great decoration, the too quick to pour/refill waiters, the ever-present lurking maitre-d and the overpriced average and poorly presented meals. At over £40 a person (1 glass of wine and no dessert) London has MUCH better offerings. I will not be back.  
Had dinner here last week. Restaurant was packed with people, some waiting at the bar for a table to become available. It became rather noisy and increasingly difficult to having a conversation with your dining partner. Friendly reception by two young ladies, service at the table very attentive and friendly, too.  
My daughter and myself visited yesterday for lunch and we were both very disappointed with our meal. We both felt that the food lacked flavour, I had the special of the day Monkfish sadly the flavour was lacking as was my starter of prawn crab and avocado salad, in fact if I was blindfolded would have had difficulty knowing what I was eating. My daughter had starter of salmon sashimi, she too felt it lacked flavour as was her main of tuna steak. Service was not attentive and for the price very expensive, £156, will not return 
Occasionally stop for a drink whenever in the area, but ate here for the first time recently. The food is pretty good without being too gastropub pretentious. Drinks are a bit pricey, but you'd expect that of the chain, and its proximity to the station. There are worse places to while away an hour or so waiting for a train/after shopping. 
Really nice atmosphere great staff good selection of wines and cocktails. For me the red wine by the glass needs bigger glasses to allow it to breathe and decanter.  
The bar at the Dorchester 
Ate here after a busy family day sight seeing in London. We were a large family group, 6 adults and 7 children all under 8 years. We had booked on the day and on arrival were made to feel very welcome. We had a large table in a central part of the restaurant and the staff could not have been friendlier. The menu choice was a little confusing with side dishes as an expensive extra. The childrens menu was a smaller portion of the adults but they did a basic spaghetti bolognaise on request. Most of the dishes were very enjoyable but the "special" was more akin to a fancy pot noodle and not worth the price.. There is an extensive wine list and on reflection this restaurant is better suited for a business or romantic meal. The décor, service is excellent but probably overpriced. Recommended but not for a family dinner 
Staying at the Travelodge Hotel this is an OK bar not cheap but when you win at the races its Bookmakers Money you spend. So we drank alot 
Visited “All bar one Windsor” today for a drink and some food. The staff were very friendly and we ordered some drinks, all good. Ordered food and I had Club Sandwich, my husband had The Dirty Burger.  
We where in Windsor late on saturday afternoon and wanted a drink so came in here and then decided to stay and eat. 
I visited this wine bar, with a limited food offering – unless burgers are to one’s evening meal taste – on a Friday evening. I had made a reservation for my wife and I but found that our reserved table was messy and still had drink-remains, in glasses, on the table, when we arrived at the time booked!  
Many people sitting outside that were far too drunk and had been sick without being asked to leave. Inside was pleasant and well designed. 
This is like all other All Bar Ones's, noisey at night, trendy people, jolly people.The cocktails are standard nothing to write home about, but the wine selection is good, so is the beer. Food is above average at all times. On Thurs,Fri and Sats hard to find a seat if you arrive late to eat, so come earlier.Lots of outdoor seating ,good when the sun is out! Service is variable, but I guess it depends who is working. I'd recommend here for a party atmosphere. 
Olives continues to be a really great for drinks after work we have been going here for an extremely long time as we work in the area and it is brilliant for saving a long day. The service given by Andre is personal, warm and validating. Thank you! 
Time killing drink waiting for coach pick up. Service extremely slow. Food looked OK although we didn't eat. Very noisy inside, quieter if you sit outside. 
The setting of the restaurant is nice... however the noise level really makes the dining experience poor. Even if the food was ok and service attentive, the noise level just made it painful. this restaurant needs to invest in some noise reduction fitting... 
Opinion about food is highly subjective therefore one has to be careful ..but none of my guests was in awe with what was served: average risotto, carpaccio covered by a mountain of rocket salad and three shavings of truffles, disappointing cod fish, tasteless pasta ( with ragu ? Seriously had better at Carluccio) . Wine was expensive for what it was. Service ? How about a smile ? Place is really lacking service, charm . Average but expensive restaurant . 
What a shame that a chain restaurant in such an enviable situation falls so short....the service was so slow ( though I will say that our server, when he finally arrived, was lovely).  
The bar is nicely done out with a pleasant pavement-café-esque space whilst still being within the shopping arcade. The coffees we had were very nice but they just took so long to come. Staff could have done with clearing empty glasses and bottles away and giving the tables a wipe! 
Daphne's was never renowned for serving great Italian food, but at least it had a nice interior and was a lovely place to go on dates that were not too serious. However, after the redesign it looks like any bistrot in Paris that would cost one-third of the price. Its especially odd since this is an Italian restaurant and there is a really good French brasserie 100 yards away. I am not sure if the final design was intended, but its a huge shame. Since now you are left with an Italian restaurant that looks like a cheap bistrot, serving bad Italian food and charging like a good restaurant. You really need to be a loyal customer to keep going back, which I certainly am not any more. 
Party of 6 at mid afternoon for food and drink. Waiters kept going past but didn't stop to ask for order. Eventually one said it would be quicker if we went to the bar to order, which we did. He eventually put a pile of cutlery on table with a stack of napkins. When food arrived it was lovely and we all enjoyed it. One cocktail we ordered didn't appear to have had the alcohol put into it but this was replaced when asked. 
We ate lunch in The Bar upon our arrival because our room was not ready. It was average, so I would not recommend The Bar for lunch unless someone has no other choice. 
I was hoping for an authentic Italian meal. This one was a miss. I started with the carpaccio, which was done quite well. It was served with sliced caperberries, which I wish they had not done. It was a flavor that just wasn’t needed.  
Nice location and very cool design, modern with some vibrant touches, the menu is rich, the food is good service is a bit slow. 
Went to all bar one in Windsor which was great so thought I would treat my self to a meal out so ordered the steak to be fair the meal was good .....not as good as expected how ever the service was not when the waiter came to the table to deliver the meal I asked where is the pepper corn source the waiter did not answer and just walked away so I raised my voice and asked again only to be compleatly ignored so there for I would not go for food again but will return for drinks . 
Had passed this restaurant so many times and wondered if it lived up to all the hype. Sadly to say(at the moment) it was fairly average and would advise that there are much better establishments in the area. I actually do not blame the staff but the management who fail to see what the issues are: 
Plates cold. Members in our party all served at different times. Wrong desert delivered. 
Visited this lovely Italian restaurant in October with friends, the food was good average . I had the grilled squid which was good but was not impressed. The service was good and attentive. 
My partner and I decided to eat at this restaurant because it was close to our hotel. Whilst the surroundings were pleasant and service good in our view this was not good value for money at all. We had a main course that was a small portion. The lasagne although was delicious was a small serving my partner had pork. The desserts also the smallest we have had in a long while. No starters. My partner had around 3 beers and the meal cost around £88 which included a service charge of around £9, that we really begrudgingly paid. We both felt hungry on leaving and it was the least good value restaurant we visited all weekend in London. 
My husband and I met our daughter and her husband for lunch to celebrate my husband’s birthday. The starters were delicious but very small and we hoped the main course would be better. Three of us chose the lasagne which was very tasty but a very small portion. As others have stated no bread was offered and I have to say, as a teacher, our school meals for primary children are double the size! However the service was very good! 
It's with a heavy heart I realise that sometimes things are great just because they are fleeting, you catch something in an instant where it and you align and then its gone. And that how I felt after a recent visit to Daphne's. 
Lost some of the charm and fun of the old Daphne's. Food choice is a little boring and unimaginative.  
Since refurbished the atmosphere inside this swank Chelsea eatery is even better. The bar is special albeit small, and the restaurant itself cozy but accommodating. I had dinner with three others. The service was very good initially, but got less attentive as the evening wore on. My starter was outstanding - octopus carpaccio. For the main, I had the pappardelle with wild boar ragu. Was it bad? No. But it left something to be desired in that the pasta was slightly over cooked, certainly not Al dente, and the sauce was simply bland. I was disappointed. Having said this, my guests seemed more inspired, one of whom had the calves liver that he deemed outstanding. Maybe it was the wrong dish at the wrong time for me. In any event, as a "local", I will be back as I consider it a very fashionable yet traditional haunt, and the main is certainly worth another go. 
First and last time , overrated interms of starter and main course. My pasta had no taste at all , service is average I guess because it's a Sunday , not coming back again  
We stayed in the hotel so we only ate breakfast there. It was very minimal and the same thing was served practically every day. I thought I would be able to get Oatmeal but the only way to eat it was to put it in a bowl with cold milk. I tried that one day but very disappointing. When you need breakfast, this will do, but they should do better the variety. 
I came for quick lunch today while out. This is a great location and the food is usually excellent quality. 
We went for breakfast on a Saturday and found a table easily as it wasn't very full. It took ages for someone to come over to us so I went to the bar to be told someone wold come to us but they didn't so I went again and ordered at the bar. the food came quickly but then it took ages to get someone's attention for the bill. There seemed to be plenty of staff behind the bar but only one lady waiting tables. She was fab but only had one pair of hands while the rest of the staff seemed to be faffing around wiping glasses while we were trying to give them money. Seems odd to me. 
Forgot our order - a glass of scotch, had to remind them 10 minutes later. Bartender had 2 customers at the bar and the waitress wasnt busy either. Bummer - kinda ruined the experience. 
My partner and I love Windsor and decided to visit this afternoon and have lunch somewhere and chose All Bar One as we are regular visitor in the RIchmond branch. However we where very disappointed as the had to wait for nearly one hour for our meals. The waitress did mention that there was going to be a bit of a wait but not one hours wait. 
Food selection okay and a good drinks selection. Layout and ambience good for a Wednesday night and did fill up as the time passed. 
Been there in June, and I was very much impressed by service, bar, drinks at the bar, service at table but NOT by food. Food was average and one of the people on my table send the steak back as was ordered as rear, waiter confirmed sending rear and it came well done. I had fish and it was ok-ish... I had much better. It was a business dinner, and it didn't give me the urge to want to go again...i might go but probably not... 
I had been previously and the food had impressed me. Good italian. 
So my destination was the Hereford Arms down the road and it was overflowing! And with jet lag setting in I wasn't prepared to wait! Olives looked interesting enough and not busy. 
We had a meal last night there choosing from the pre theatre menu. The portions were small but the food was tasty. We ordered an extra side of roasted potatoes to make up which were delicious. Service was slow in terms of bringing the drinks we ordered nearly as soon as we sat down, the food orders arrived timely. The room and tables need repainting as the surfaces of the tables were worn. The room wasn't as lovely as it appears in the photos. 
I had lunch or dinner several times in the last 3 years with friends and family. 
It was a shame that they didn't tell us that there would be at least a 45 minute wait for our food when we ordered our drinks, otherwise we could have gone elsewhere to eat. At our request we were given a complimentary plate of nachos, and managed to while away the time until the food arrived. Shortly before the food arrived a member of staff did come over and apologise for the delay, and offered to make a sizeable reduction in the bill - which certainly made us feel better. The food when it eventually arrived was OK, but nothing special. 
It's a bar with a very good social scene - drinks, music, "fast food/nibbles. 
A long overdue catch up with a dear friend led us to choose a quiet spot for lunch and a chat in what I imagined might be a somewhat quiet restaurant ...... and I was spot on! Despite booking in advance, Sunday being something of a #packed lunch' in most restaurants, we needn't have bothered. At its 'peak' during our 90-minute stay, no more than 5 other diners shared this large, almost corridor-like venue. To drinks! A welcome Bloody Mary and a large gin and tonic, backed up by the very welcome air-conditioning, found the spot on a hot and somewhat humid day. To the starters! 'Olives' bruschetta bore the stamp of a house special in some way but was quite disappointing in reality since the melted mozzarella had been reduced to a runny liquid and the parma ham was somewhat flavourless. I'm not a fan of serving food on slate since i find it difficult to remove the visual connotation in my mind between roofs and birds but that's my problem. Slate also creates a challenge when the cheese wishes to make a run for the edge of the platter. To the mains. I chose what should be, in any Italian restaurant of note, an absolute staple - lasagne! Rather dry with a teaspoonful of melted mozzarella to one side, the dish resembled a reheat rather than anything freshly cooked. The ragout was, again, quite bland, not uplifted by the addition of copious seasoning at the table.. All in all, a disappointing dish, compensated only by the company with whom I was sharing the meal. My dining companion chose the mixed grill fish, which appeared somewhat unremarkable and was consumed without comment. Coffees and another round of drinks to finish brought the bill to just over £100. We may have visited on an off day since the reviews of other customers appear to be more supportive of the cuisine. However, based on my own experience, I have eaten in much better local trattorias of far superior quality, both in terms of food and ambience. No problems with the service - prompt, courteous and discreet. However, we both agreed that this would be our first and last visit. 
We ate here, just before heading off to the Albert Hall for a concert (about a mile away). Got decent reviews on T/A, and the place looked very elegant, so we were expecting a delight. What we got was way short of our expectations though. The place was less than half-full at best, and yet the service was inconsistent. We had to ask 3 different staff for 1 of our drinks, a simple lime and lemonade which, when delivered was a glass of lemonade with a slice of lime in it! Maybe it's just me?? The menu is fairly sparse, with a special available. We chose a £15 seafood starter to share. When it came up, there were 6/7 bits of food, almost hidden in amongst the greenery. Poor VFM. I chose the salmon fillet for main. It was ok, but at £20, I expected better. The accompanying requested sauteed potatoes came up as new potatoes ... with salt on. Maybve it's just me?? House wines (by the glass) were in fairly short supply, so I pretty much had to choose the Pinot (there was a Chardonnay also). I then chose the crème brulee for dessert. It came in a tiny skillet-type dish, measuring no more than 40cm square. 2 or 3 spoonfuls, and it was gone! All-in-all, it lacked something. That something was more food. If I'm to be served small portions, at high prices, I want them to be memorable. This most certainly wasn't. Not particularly cheap either, at £100 for the 2 of us. Best eat before you go. 
Went early evening with friends to celebrate a birthday so able to find a large enough table to accommodate us all. Drinks and food had to be ordered at the bar but orders were delivered to the table. The food was quite good and served hot but when I asked for an alternative to mushy peas with my fish and chips it wasn't available to me. Atmosphere was very lively and prices made it good value. Think if I went again I'd order the salmon fish cakes. Lovely hot cappuccino to finish served with a tot glass of smarties. Nice unexpected touch. 
The food was no doubts, amazing! However, I wasn’t so sure about the service. I assume people who come to Italian restaurant would like to enjoy their time, otherwise I could just go to McD or KFC. The waiter kept chasing for drinks and orders. He asked whether we would like some bread but without telling us there’s a charge because normal Italian restaurant offers bread. The interior design was elegant apart from the cheap wooden floor. Since the waiter always in a rush, they kept banging their shoes on the floor. If you would like a ‘tic tac’ dance, then you could give it a go.  
On a recent first time visit the doormen, who were completely unpretentious and polite, warmly welcomed a colleague and I. While the scent of fresh flowers immediately washes over you, first impressions of the lobby area really are quite stunning. 
We needed somewhere for a late lunch after shopping in Windsor 
I have always wanted to visit Daphne's as I've heard a lot of great things about the food and service. I took a friend there on a Thursday night for dinner and it was absolutely packed! We had a couple of cocktails to start (very good) and they quickly brought over fresh foccaccia, ciabatta and crackers for us to nibble on (also very good)  
We started our dinner with fried calamari and the prawns avocado salad. . Which were both average. 
We arrived at olive to a warm welcome from the Waittress. We had booked although she couldn’t find our booking but seated us straight away since it was 5:30pm pre theatre booking. 
The Hungarian lady was very kind and smiling, we really liked her. Food were OK, my dauther ate solmon and I ate lasagna. All were good.  
On entrance to the restaurant, the welcome and attentiveness bode well for the night to come, the patience of the staff whilst we waited for some latecomers in our party was appreciated, unfortunately this was the pinnacle of our evening, and after the food arrived it was pretty much down hill, the theme of dissension was pretty uniform amongst all those dining, bland, dry and tasteless. Everyone agreed the need for sauce, not the ketchup or mayonnaise kind, but the if not on a plate but in a boat kind, unfortunately in desperation various condiments were requested to the disapproval of the staff. The starters were average and tasteless, except the octopus carpaccio, which was well received, the mains chicken escalopes, lobster linguini, crab tempura, were all sampled with mutterings of disappointment, the chicken escalope was so dry,the controversial condiments were asked for,my roasted rabbit was also parched, but after the tut tutting, which had accompanied the previous request I bottled out (excuse the pun ).The desserts were the best thing on the menu, and my chocolate fondant was tasty. However the whole evening was an expensive disappointment, and will not be repeated 
The pasta and meat/fish entrees are acceptable but not great. Service is erratic. Salads nothing special. Ate here twice after long days touring but would not make it a destination otherwise. 
I had dinner there with my daughter as it was a convenient option given that we were guests at the Baileys. The service was ok but not attentive. The food was reasonable but overall the bill was too expensive for the quality of the food and the atmosphere. There was a very noisy large table at the other end of the restaurant which made it quite difficult to talk. I would not go back. 
We had a quick Family meal on the way back from a visit to the Castle. Given previous comments we were pleasantly surprised by the speed of service and quality of the food - add in the good selection of beers/ wine we left happy. 
Visited here on the bank holiday weekend prior to visiting the castle. Orders two cokes and two burgers. Drinks and food arrived in a timely manner although the actual bottles of cokes were warm. The burgers were very good and my wife asked for the sweet potatoe fries which she had to pay extra for which I felt was out of order and £1.20 for one rasher of bacon is also a bit steep. On reflection I wish we had looked round a bit more as there were a number of other places I would have chosen such as Cafe Rouge. When the waiter was taking our order he asked if we wanted any cheese so I pointed out that the burger we ordered came with cheese, he had written down the wrong burger. 
wasn't to bad but ad to wait a long time to be served our food,then wen it came wasn't very warm,the place it self was clean n lots of seating inside n seats out side as well bar staff wasn't very friendly n wen asked for tomato sause was told to find some on tables 
The hotel gave us a 2*% discount coupon, and we were very tired and decided to try this restaurant. We ended up with 146 pound bill, two entrees and two main courses and wine before discount. The food was ordinary as well.  
I recently went to All Bar One for a birthday party. As I had paid a deposit for the table and was told I could get it refunded to my card on the night I went and asked for just that. The manager looked at me like I had ten heads and then begrudgingly did what I asked but not without huffing and puffing about it.  
Great location at the back of the Old Windsor Train Station arcade; lovely big, airy bar area, with a choice of high-seated booths or regular tables in the main bar area, or tables set in side rooms if you want to sit somewhere a little more private. Probably a great place to meet up with a group of friends during the course of a night on the town of Windsor. 
We visited late on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed. It looks as if originally it was the Buffet Bar in the old station but has been very successfully converted into a very trendy bar and restaurant. 
We were a party of 8 and called in for one final cocktail before going our separate ways and what better place after a night in Mayfair than the Dorchester? The service was slow and not very welcoming. The décor felt a bit old and tired but the overall experience was ok. I've had better experiences in other London landmark hotels. 
Thefood here was not bad, but nothing amazing and the selection was pretty limited so it seemed overpriced for what you got. There is a much better Italian place just down the block.  
All Bar One is one of my favourite pub chains however the Windsor bar does not live up to the usual high standards. Service was ok slow to clear tables. 
This was a quick pit stop in between sales shopping. The staff were friendly and the setting charming, when you know you are sitting in the train station waiting room created for Queen Victoria. 
The food was average. Not bad, but definitely noting to write home about.  
A pleasant dining room with a clear menu and ok wine list. The staff were all helpful although the food came quite quickly - turning tables perhaps. Portion sizes are definitely on the small size, which is fine in one sense, however, the prices did not reflect this. We left feeling quite hungry and with a much lighter wallet! 
A simple Italian dinner in this lovely part of London while on business. I don't always reach for the Michelin guide and since Olives is inside The Bailey's Hotel and I happened to have finished working here earlier, I booked a table. 
If you've eaten in All Bar Ones around the country this branch is pretty much the same as all the others, menu needs changing on a regular basis the I now the menu by heart.  
great for families, great food, colouring was given to kis as soon as entered. only diappointing thing was went to go for breakfast at 8am and was not open so ate elsewear 
Hotel restaurant was quiet on Mother's Day. It should have been our first clue. Olives left us wanting better when we visited a few months ago.  
Only had tapas, drink and coffee but reasonable prices for Central Windsor and tasty food. Would definitely return. 
Great customer service but the food was a let down unfortunately. My friends and I were looking forward to a nice flavoursome burger but it was far from it. Good for drinks but not so great for mains. Loved the Churo's though! 
Although the food looks nice in the pictures, in reality the fish tasted extremely oily , definitely not something I would recommend .  
 we stopped off here for lunch ,both of us had the burgers ,i had the beef and pork and my wife had a normal plain beef, both with chips and coleslaw , the service was good and attentive . 
Service very good but meal so average and, being London, expensive. Ambiance standard Anglo Italian. Menu choice mediocre.  
An Italian with class apparently? First impression I would say yes : A lively atmosphere and cozy dinner lounge ; there is one part of the restaurant next to a chimney.  
We popped in here for a drink, the bar is very modern looking and they have a great range of beers including the American beer Sierra Nevada on tap. They were also promoting wines from around the world which I didn't get a chance to try. Cocktails are around £8 for a long island ice tea. All in all it's a nice place, staff quite friendly but according to the girls with us, the toilets were in very poor condition with water/urine all over the floor which automatically loses marks for me. 
Large choice of hamburgers, tapas and nachos. Nice place to drink winr and beer next to the station. 
We had a drink and snack here and it was all pretty ok. Ok but not spectacular service. Ok drinks once we got the correct one and ok for value. There are better options close by.... 
Besides the beef carpaccio the food generally lacked flavour, but looked attractive. The portions were of a good size. The grilled fish was fresh but a little bland and the asparagus salad needed far more seasoning. The service was excellent and the restaurant had a pleasing decor with a good location. 
Just arrived from the airport had to wait for a table for 15 minutes (no reservation) It was quite late so we ordered 2 Carpaccio di manzo scottato al tartufo which were quite nice but nothing special . I ordered Lasagna di manzo which is home-made lasagna with beef ragout, mozzarella and Grana Padano sauce. The portion was ridiculous small and it was lukewarm even though the plate was hot!!!! The taste was nothing special. Price in comparison with portion is expensive! 
Stopped for light lunch ended up having classic burger each. Found menu a little confusing with some items only available at certain times.very tasty good service but not cheap .overall satisfied. 
We popped in here for a Mother's Day meal having reserved a table an hour early on passing. A nice touch is the way they write your surname on a plate and leave it on your actual chosen table.  
Windsor is a very busy place, as you might expect, so you probably will have to wait; sometimes a considerable time. 
Having been a regular over the past few year found the quality of food very inconsistent and not what it used to be after re-vamp, but it was never as bad as Wednesday night! The special of partridge with wild mushrooms was not what I would have expected - partridge very dry and mushrooms undercooked and crunchy with no flavour. The service and the desert was great - shame about the main course! 
Even when the breakfast service was included for our room rate, I still felt that the food was average in terms of quality and selection. 
We had booked well in advance, but got the last table next to the door and then we were forgotten. When we finally got our food, it was delicious. I had octopus salad as a starter, gnocchi with pumpkin and pancetta as a main course and then finally a fantastic pannacotta with orange peel and grand mariner. They have several wines by the glass which is good, but don't expect too much from the personnel.  
A more formal Italian restaurant with very good food and attentive service. The wine list is excellent. 
Daphne's has been a regular if infrequent place to take the family but, sad to say, no more. 
Wonderful to revisit but prices getting really too much - service and food great but they cannot justify these prices 
Went for a quick lunch. Ordered the goat cheese salad when they finally came to take our order. It was relatively quiet but it took ages to come and when it did they had forgotten to add the nuts. When I called them over and asked if they could bring some they did bring some over but again it was a long wait so everyone else had finished eating so not the best service I've had there. Food was nice and it's Just by the station so convenient if you have to wait for a train to Slough. Nice venue and good for people watching in Windsor.  
It's a nice, centrally located place in Windsor's old-world style arcade with boutiques and galleries. Children may eat outside (there are large heaters in the winter), but if lunching with a pal it's nice to have a break from little ones and just chat. There's a varied menu with a good choice of bar plates vs meals. I've been going there since it opened and the loos are in need of a revamp and the extractor fan in the kitchen could do with a tune-up or clean as there was a pervasive smell of cooking fat, which wasn't bothersome once we moved to the patio. It would rate higher with me, but for the aforementioned areas for improvement. 
I have been a long time client of this restaurant and after it was sold by the original owner I hadn't been there. 
Was recommended by a friend to try out this restaurant. I ordered the lobster spaghetti and felt like it was undercooked and bland! Rest of the food was nothing exceptional although we did enjoy their courgette fries!  
The Restaurant is connected to The Bailey's Hotel. We had breakfast here, the menu is limited and probably a little pricey for what is delivered. The servings are small. The service could improve. Many more choices for breakfast around Kensington at a better price.  
My wife and I ate Christmas lunch here. The place was well decorated and super festive and everyone was cheerful giving the restaurant a nice holiday vibe. The food was fine but we both made a wrong choice by having the turkey dish, even though it is traditional, because it turned out to be dry. The desserts were good and the staff was pleasant so all in all a good holiday lunch. 
My friends and I had an 7 pm reservation. We arrived on time We were seated promptly, but at a table near the piano. It was so loud, we could barely hear one another. The service was slow and confusing. One person filled our water/wine glasses and brought bread (which was very tasty), but couldn't take our orders. When we indicated that we were ready to order, it took over half an hour for the correct person to come to the table. The food arrived relatively quickly. It was tasty, but the presentation had something to be desired. We would have ordered dessert, but we could not attract the attention of the order-taker, so when we were able to request the check, we did so. Having only had wine, salads and the main course, we still were not able to leave the restaurant with our check paid until after 10:30 pm. Maybe they do not like tourists! Even though we enjoyed our meals, I will not choose Daphne's on my next visit to London. 
Stopped by at 6pm for a light early evening supper. The place was pretty empty but set up for a large party later that evening.  
Called in without notice for a quick meal. Would have to say it looks nice, is a pleasant setting and the menu is fine. Felt it let itself down with inferior service, staff were fairly inattentive, at least to our table. Were under the pump when Chef mixed up the pasta types for 2 of our dishes, they figured out honesty was the best policy to their credit.  
I had not visited Daphnes for a considerable time. I sort of get it. Lots of loyal customers, lots of the jeunesse d'ore, a few accidental tourists and a few dull looking businessmen like ourselves.I wouldnt say that the welcome was overwhelmimg, maybe they dont like dull looking businessmen.None of that would matter if the food was remarkable. Sadly we all felt the food was unremarkable. The salads were limp and the cold soup was fine except for a knot of bean sprouts and cress which were not easy to swallow. Main course, wild boar pasta excellent. Calves liver tough, roast potatoes and fried zuchinne tasteless 
Sadly despite hearing good things we ordered a take away but was sadly disappointed. Nowhere near as good as Sukhothai in Hornchurch. All dishes were bland and very average. One dish said on the menu it took hours to prepare/cook - sadly I cant believe it was worth the chefs time 
The staff are friendly and my spaghettis came quickly. I'm half Italian so I know how to cook that dish, having done so for over 40 years. It wasn't as tasty as mine and the meat used was of poor quality. You usually eat out so the food is of a higher quality than at home but this was not it. 
Nice and helpful staff but terrible pizza, won’t return. Pizza is very thick, feels like naan bread than pizza base. 
One can, as is often the case, purchase two glasses of champagne for what a whole bottle might cost elsewhere. Apparently a hang out for middle east types. Noisy and rude. 
So the establishment is very well presented nicely decorated and welcoming  
Our visit was a little disappointing. The food was OK, the table/ambience OK, the service a bit less than anticipated. There are probably more customer-friendly places nearby. Perhaps our experience was simply an off night for the staff. 
The wait staff were very pleasant but the service was painfully slow. We were early for dinner and there were a lot of staff around but they were focussed on tasks rather than customers.  
This is a light eatery/snack place with a bar and drinks. Young crowd and staff, university town... Staff very friendly, normal and good. 
We arrived here and enquired about gluten free dining. We were assured virtually everything could be served gluten free so we reserved a table. We spent 90 min in the bar at a cost of over £100 then took our table. 
This used to be a great restaurant, now it’s just OK. The dining experience was spoiled by having the space laid out with tabled close together around the walls whilst there was open space in the middle of the floor. Sitting about a foot from the adjoining table just ruined any chance of a private conversation. 
We visited last night for the first time in many years and were rather underwhelmed by the quality of the food. The staff were pleasant and accommodating and responded well to our requests. For example one of our party is a vegetarian, and there were no veggy mains on the menu. She requested a starter as a main and was presented with a beautiful looking plate of stuffed aubergine, which was very nice indeed. But all the other items of our meal were well below standard, the onions not having been cooked enough and garlic being the main very discernible flavour. My friend commented that this was the worst onion bahjee ever. My meal included little chicken and loads of garlic flavoured spinach, when the menu stated that there would be traces of spinach. My husband was rather disappointed with the Rogan Gost, as the sauce was uninspired. On the plus side, the stuffed paratha and the popadoms were nice and the beer cheap. 
We had a family lunch here on Sat. Eight of us, with a reservation. There were only 2 other tables of 2 people, so they were very quiet, but the service was SO slow & disorganised. The food was fine - good enough, but nothing special. It was pretty un-atmospheric too. Overall - adequate... 
My wife and I had dinner on a Wednesday night. Service was slow. My salad was never delivered and I could not flag down a waiter before my main was on the table. I had the tuna. It was good not great. My wife's fish was over cooked. We had to ask for the check several times. The waiter never returned to take my payment. I handed my credit card to the host on my way out the door. He asked how everything was. I said "OK". He did not follow up with any other questions. We won't be back. 
had a meal for 6 here with wine and the cost was much lower than expected, the meal was lovely and in good quantity, it wasn't the BEST I ever had, but it was decent and particularly when balanced with the low cost. The surroundings were clean, neat and tidy and the staff attentive and sociable. 
While staying with friends in Orpington we decided to visit Shimla Pink for dinner. 
The host seemed annoyed that I had entered his restaurant and rushed me to a table with nary a smile or a greeting as he rushed about in his clacking shoes. Getting beyond that, though, the food was pleasant and well-portioned. Not anything to feel great about, and certainly not worth the money. But, a decent place for a meal in a crisp, modern setting. 
This is my first time writing a review on this site so here I go. 
We went to this restaurant recently, as a local of Barnes and knowing Sonny's well from previous years of being disappointed and experiencing its yo yo attitude to its clients, service and food and it hasn't changed a jot except for the decoration. Sonny's had been up and down for 20 years, mainly down. The menu is limiting, the attitude is one of studious arrogance again, it is expensive compared with Riva which it really should not be considering the difference in quality. It is clear people are giving it a go again, but I am certain this will slow down to a trickle again as we have seen so many times when this restaurant has had some sort of makeover. Very disappointing. 
Exactly the same atmosphere as the previous sonny’s . Good food but sterile atmosphere . Don’t forget think I will return . A shame 
We are residents of Barnes, and we used to go to Church Road's predecessor Sonny's so we were looking forward to trying the re-branded and renovated Church Road. Decent enough service, and the layout of the restaurant hadn't changed that much. Staff all very pleasant. Menu was a little "pompous" and "fussy", but the mackerel starter was excellent. The plaice appeared to have been just dumped on the plate and the presentation was not attractive, and my wife didn't really enjoy it. I had the cheese souffle which was ok, but a bit bland - I have had many better. It's an expensive evening too. Would we go back? Not sure - it didn't really "grab" either of us, which we hoped it would. A pity. 
Went for my friends birthday meal but don’t think I be back I did enjoy it , not a lot of choice to drink for kids however food was cheap  
Stayed at the hotel attached so decided to eat here, this was a really busy noisy Sunday but still got a table. We ordered the beef & pork tortellini and the lamb meatballs with homemade caserecce both were equally nice if a bit on the small side, the waitress plonked down the plates without asking if we would like pepper or Parmesan , this was left to a waiter passing who happened to notice. The desserts were delicious , chocolate fondant with amaretto ice cream and hazelnut & coconut cheesecake .  
Great location by the river - the service was friendly and smart too. I have been here a few times with my husband and had some nice evenings. However, as of late it feels like the place needs a clean up and good lick of paint - those 'cinema chairs' in the corner and cushions on the 'bathtub couch' really need to go! 
What's good:. 
The dining room is very pleasant but the service was barely adequate. We had the salmon dinner which consisted of three very tiny cubes of grilled salmon with a smear of cream spinach and two cubes of fried cauliflower for approximately $25. The large glass of wine I ordered was very small and when I asked if it was a large glass, the woman asked if I wanted her to get a measuring cup and prove it was. I quickly said no and hurried through my meal just to get away. There was a large party drinking a great deal nearby who got incredible service. I guess we didn't meet the restaurant's guest standards. 
Had never been here before but had heard some good things. It's a quirky place, one big room with eclectic decor overlooking the river. Food was disappointing and really did not live up to the descriptions on the menu or the price. Having seen other recent reviews makes me wonder if this was just a one off but sadly we wouldn't go back for the food. ( a slice of meat pie clearly heated on it's own rendered so dry it was inedible, roasted veg was a small pile of overcooked, chopped carrots and squash, burgers just ok..) 
Small but clean. We found parking easy and it's not too far from the station. Half the things we wanted were not there- perhaps it being a Friday afternoon. Have been here before when service has been very good but on this occasion we struggled. Had to ask for water and glasses several times. They didn't have passion fruit ready for juice. Presentation is awesome, fancy names of foods. The tikka was tasty, didn't think much of the chops - too chunky and not very tasty. Rest of the food was good. Biryani which they are famous for was amazing and so were paratha's. It's worth going maybe just not on a Friday afternoon. 
Woody's is a favourite with my work colleagues. It's always busy with a buzzy atmosphere. Good for post work drinks or to sit and watch the river on a lazy Saturday. 
Staff were friendly and nice, although everything we seemed to order the kitchen had ran out of. Meat overcooked and not very presentable. 
As someone who seeks out authentic Indian food I was keen too eat here based on reviews and from what friends tell me.  
Food is acceptable especially for the price but not the best curry I've ever had. Restaurant has a good atmosphere and usually fairly busy and service generally good. So if you fancy a curry at a reasonable price with good service then you can't go far wrong here 
Haven't been here for a while but went as a anniversary treat. In the past we have raved over the food. There was 5 of us and our food was bought out at different times and the sides were cold and food not very hot. The butterfly starter was ok and the Tandoori chicken starter was very white and tasteless. The mixed grill was rubbery. All in all we were very disappointed as it was a a special occasion.  
the decor of the restaurant is lovely. We chose to eat outside as it was a nice day. We were given the menu to look at and questioned if the food was Halal. We were told yes but as we didn’t feel reassured we checked on the website but were not able to further verify. We then asked the waitress if she could speak to the chef. After a few minutes the owner came to our table to explain she didn’t have any paperwork and started a rant over dishonest food suppliers. She seemed to take it personally we had asked to verify the food was indeed halal. To finish the discussion we took her word and ordered. The food was warm not hot. The portions are small. While it’s a nice restaurant & in a good location unlikely to go again. 
Tucked of one of the common restaurant areas on the castle side of the main raid is this delightfully decord place. With table outside as well as in - private/group dining is cantered for upstairs where thought has gone in to make a visual pleasant environment 
We have eaten at Shimla Pink and also had take aways. Looking at the reviews I agree that sometimes you wait a while for the food which I have to say is usually worth waiting for. However on the last few occasions when telephoning for a take away the manner of the person taking the call has been poor. Very off hand and negative. So much so that we don't think we will use this restaurant again. I have scored three as I think the food doesn't deserve a two! 
With its good location by the river it is a friendly place to relax with friends for a drink though the food is over priced for big portions. The steak in the sandwich was tender and well cooked but lost in the big bagette and the plaice was tasty though small with chips cooked in dirty fat with no appeal along with the onion rings. Need to improve the quality if I would eat again. 
7 of us walked past lots of busy bars and arrived here as someone told us it was good. Great location on the river but not a sole inside? Nice place inside and sat at a large table that seated 8 but it was covered in crumbs? 2 waitresses wondering around doing nothing? Eventually a waitress came over and asked if we wanted drinks. She had a very bad attitude and got my back up from the outset! Once drinks were ordered we eventually ordered food. 4 of us had pasta, some off the £5 menu and some off the normal menu. We were then told there may be a wait as we had ordered so much different pasta???? Its a good job they weren't busy! The food did arrive and it actually wasn't too long a wait. The food was actually quite nice. I did have a problem that as people wondered in off the street either staff or friends of staff a few of them wondered in the kitchen and wondered out munching on chips, even the bad attitude waitress was wondering around eating chips?! Before we left the waitress then wondered out of the kitchen and sat next to our table with sausage and mash. I didn't see her smile once and just didn't want to be there that's why I have given it 3 stars. Wouldn't return others would appreciate my money more. 
I went here with a couple of friends for lunch. The service was slow and they got our order wrong. Once we had established the order was wrong they really couldnt do enough to rectify it and in fact didn't charge for my meal at all. When I did get my food it was very good. I had the vegetable stack burger and it was a welcome change for a vegetarian alternative. I have to say that I didn't think it was particularly clean, the toilets certainly needed attention.... it all felt a bit like the Night before had got out of hand and everyone was hungover and not really doing their jobs well. I liked the fact that it is an independent restaurant but I felt it was all a bit shabby. 
If you want a good,friendly curry then this is the place for you.Staff were excellent and made us feel very welcome.Food was good,better than average and service was excellent. 
A small restaurant with a good local following who probably haven't been outside the borough. Looked great. Best part was starters not the signature Biranyi dish - sorry!! 
Very beautiful venue, staff is friendly but not organised at all...the food was okay but not special. 
Nice little bar restaurant on the nice river walk. Outside seating and inside very stylish and comfy. 
Lunch at Kardiri, had Kadahi chicken, kebabs & naan, Kadahi chicken was recommended but sadly very oily the chicken was put in tandoor and sauce was  
We ordered lamb biryani spicy and chicken biryani normal. We should have said hot as spicy was not spicy enough for Asian. Meat was well cooked. Chicken biryani had a nice mild flavour. Portions were small. Falooda was excellent with nuts, rose water and was an excellent dessert to finish off lunch! 
the staff have a very good customer service skills, they are prompt and friendly however the food quality is average. 
Our recent visit on a Saturday night got off on the wrong foot. There were 10 of us with a reservation for 7:30, but for some reason our table was not available until 7:50, which was quite a long wait in the small area next to the bar. 
The food is disappointing - the korma sauce is tasty but I would say the pieces of meat are added post sauce preparation thus are not actually tasting as if marinated at all. Not a great Indian in my opinion although it is usually busy. Service is mediocre as is the food. 
I think most of the people who say good food and biriyani don't know what the real food is all about . This food is average nothing special , less greasy compared to few in the area still expensive .  
Nice, clean restaurant, service was good, food was fast and hot. The food was however very oily and rather overpriced for a standard curry house.  
Average curry house that my husband and I keep going back to. 
Over priced for what it was. Plus no alcohol license. I had Lassi instead which was ok. Poppadoms as a starter was good and a hot chicken curry with peela rice.  
We went to Woody's last week for a late lunch and liked the food menu and variety of things on offer. However, when our lunches came we found the portions not really fitting of the price we paid - they were too small and need to be bigger if customers are paying that price! Otherwise a great place with cracking location on the river in Kingston... 
The food tasted really good. Had the special of the day, ravioli - 4 ravioli for £13 is not cheap, no matter how good they taste. Friendly service if you understand Italian with an English accent. 
Very beautiful restaurant, you can see outdoor, that sounds good ! 
My wife and I had dinner at Olives on Sunday September 13,2015.We are not big eaters but after we were finish with our dinner my wife felt like having a little more and I felt like if I just had an appetizer although that was a Gnocchi dinner. The waiter asked us "how was everything" I responded it was very good but the portion was very small and I was still hungry he responded "I'm sorry can I suggest a pasta with tomato sauce" I said yes and they brought over the pasta dish. I whispered to my wife that that was nice of them, she responded, they will charge you for both dinners and they certainly did. Gnocchi are not expensive to make/serve, the oversized plate should have at least 1/2 added portion. We were in the area for over a week but did no go there again. 
Went to Woody's twice whilst staying in Kingston. First time the beer was great, the chips were really nice and the veggie burger wasn't hot. I felt it hadn't really been cooked properly. Second time had the nachos which were fab and then a fish finger thing in a bun. The fish fingers were nice but the bun was really hard. 
Food was fine...certainly not the best byriani I have ever had but good nevertheless...main problem was staff seemed to be being abused verbally in the kitchen by the chefs or the management...not good to view and revealed what this place was really like. i wouldn't like to work there 
My husband and I were staying at the hotel with breakfast included and the food was decent but--service wasn't the best. 
I didn't love Olives. I should have read the menu more carefully before agreeing on this dinner spot when dining with my family on a recent vacation to London. I love Italian food and "assumed" I wouldn't have any trouble finding something I'd like, but I was wrong about that. The menu options were really quite limited. Nothing was particularly to my fancy, but I ordered something I thought would be alright. Unfortunately, the pasta was far too chewy - even by Al Dente standards it really should have been cooked another minute. It was edible, but disappointing. Other family members seemed to like their meals a little better, but no one was raving. Also, I ordered a glass of Rose wine, and it actually tasted to me like it might have been watered down (I'm not saying that it was, but that was my immediate impression). The atmosphere is on the trendy side, but not all that attractive to my tastes (wood floors, wood/laminate tables, wood chairs -- nothing "cozy" about it at all. Overall I'd say that Olives isn't a bad restaurant, but it's not a good restaurant either, just average. The location right on Gloucester Road was convenient to where we were staying in Kensington, and the staff were quite pleasant (which is why I rated Olives 3 stars and not 2). Were I to return to London I would not be returning to Olives... 
Had lunch with family on sunday 7th february around 2pm. Place was quite empty at that time. Ordered lamb and chicken beriyani. Generally food was quite good, a 'wet' beriyani I would say compared to the normal 'dry' ones. Service was good. The only thing i did not like about the food was the fried onions that was placed on the food which somewhat spoiled the taste. Dont think its the best beriyani in London. Have been to better places 
The food has always been really good, one of the best Indians for food quality. The 5 course weekday banquet is really good value. Well it would be good value if it's wasnt for the repeated times they've tried to stitch us up with the bill. We've been there a number of times but a couple of occasions when the boss hasn't been there, we've had mystery items added to our handwritten bill and not small amounts. I dread to think how many other people haven't noticed and paid over the odds. Gave them the benefit of the doubt the first time, mistakes can happen, but after the second time, the games up.  
Stopped for appetizers and wine. Staff was attentive but was not impressed with food. Fruit plate was not at all what we expected.  
we visited this restraunt for dinner .we ordered two soups , the were terrible we ordered two lamb saddles ,the arrived on the plate tiny little portions same as the veg, enough to feed a mouse,we had two creme brulees for desert ,which were nice passable.we had two drinks each, we asked for the bill 120 pounds ouch, the had vat and service charge added too.we asked for the service charge to be removed ,which the did,i paid the bill and tipped the waiter which i allways do. we will not be going back, the restraunt was cost the staff nice shame about the food. 
Small but clean and hygienic place with an open view kitchen. Generally good tasting food and good sized portions. Starters were satisfying and the mutton briyani (moist/wet - I like it this way rather than dry) was very good. The meat was tender and not tough as mutton can be. This place is known for its biriyani dishes. The prices are a little on the high side. Particularly, for the area and the rather basic decor though clean restaurant and its smallish size/capacity. It has no bar and serves no alcohol. The restaurant was quiet and most tables empty but a steady flow of customers mainly for take away orders. Waiters were relaxed and able to smile but the same could not be said about the chap at the counter who I think is the elder brother of the two owners. He was stiff without any warmth and smile - he probably doesn't have the word "smile" in his dictionary! If he reads this perhaps he can focus on the image that follows in the hope that it might assist him in turning his lips and cheeks the right way up! You are allowed to smile for God does love you too! Thankfully, his subdued attitude did not detract from the food and thumbs up to the waiters for remaining hospitable and upbeat despite their boss' attitude. Worth a visit for the briyani. I don't think I will return in a hurry as I prefer to give my custom to someone who is pleased to receive it SMILE PLEASE!!! 
We had dinner as part of the eat out to help out scheme. Booked the table and it was ready for us when we arrived, staff didn’t feel particularly interested, not rude but not too polite either. Didn’t feel completely welcome, and this was consistent the whole night. We were well served and didn’t have to wait too long for drinks, poppadoms were a bit stale. But the food was great, arrived in reasonable time considering how busy they were. One downside is that it did feel quite close to table next to us which wasn’t great considering covid and did make us feel a little uncomfortable. No hand sanitizer on arrival, but SOME menus were takeaway menus so we assume they were thrown away and others were cleaned? Covid security felt a bit like a token gesture as they made minimal effort on it. Overall the food was very nice and we would return but it would be nice to feel more welcomed and also for them to take covid more seriously. 
Nice italian restaurant ! 
Evening meal, managed to find a table, despite being very busy. The food was good, the service likewise, but it was so noisy it was impossible to carry on a conversation without shouting! The music, combined with a lack of any kind of acoustic damping, meant that everyone ended up bellowing at each other. We were frustrated and annoyed in the end, and moved on when we had finished eating. 
On my own, I was shown to a nice table by the window and immediately shown the menu and advised about the specials. I ordered a glass of red wine and was encouraged by the waiter to have one of the last special pasta dishes available. I had hardly taken a sip of wine when the pasta dish arrived, it must have been already waiting in the kitchen. The pasta was quiet dry in places and not much quantity for £17. I wished I had selected something else from the menu but never mind, I thought I would have a desert. Sadly, I must have been invisible because the desert menu wasn't offered and I was just left to finally ask for the bill. As a lady on her own, I didn't feel very looked after, compared to other restaurants I have been in on my own. I will not rush back there next time I am in London.  
We brought my mum here as a treat for mothers day and unfortunately she was the most disappointed out of all of us. The starters were ok, my brother had the calamari and prawn dish which was actually decent. However the rest of us weren't too pleased with our dishes (Wild mushroom salad, salmon and crab salad, tomato and pepper soup). We were a bit hesitant about ordering mains but as we'd come all the way here we figured we should see it through. At over £20 per dish (if you're ordering meat or fish) there is nothing to get excited about at all. Three of us ordered duck breast and I've never had such a bland experience with duck before. My dad ordered fish, which was also just ok, but nothing special.  
We travel over 45 minutes to get to this place - we have been many times and we continue to go back because we really rate the biryani and I really like the veg samosas aswell... 
A small Italian, family friendly restaurant. Their pizza is very popular as there were plenty of take-away orders. We both ordered the crab and chilli linguini. The pasta was cooked nicely and there was plenty of crab, unfortunately it was canned (as expected) not fresh and I didn't taste any chilli. We finished with Tirimisu which was delicious but didn't have much, if any booze in it, it was light and creamy though. 
It would have got 4 stars if it wasn't for the high prices. I think the owners think they are in Park Lane rather than Willesden. 
Went here to dinner with a friend. We mainly came for the Beer+Burger pop up. It was hard to tell where to sit and walk. We weren’t greeted and was sat on a table inside. It was first of all very dark in the room and barely any daylight coming in through the windows or light from the sealing. The first waiter seemed quite over his job and had a bit of an attitude.  
Brilliant food. Especially their biyrani. Go there for that and not the service or atmosphere!  
The food is good but to be honest it is a little pricey. Ok for the one off treat every now and again  
I stopped by one mid-week evening on the way home and was pleasantly surprised with the choice of gourmet take away dinner options on the menu.  
I was expecting way better after reading the reviews about the best biriyani in town. 
Tasty muffins and bottled orange juice (with bits!). Air conditioned seating. Good option if staying in an hotel nearby and not wanting the hotel breakfast option 
My husband and I have special memories of this restaurant as it is where we got engaged 3 years ago. However, we found the service somewhat impersonal and the food, although tasty, fairly unimaginative and over-priced on this occasion. Think we may give it a miss for a while, shame. 
Just found out the best wings in town have been removed from menu and only teriyaki wings are available. Please bring back the buffalo wings in the blue cheese sauce. These were the reason we would come to your pub. From the other reviews it seems we are not the only ones who are disappointed! :( 
I was extremely disappointed in your staff-- they could not answer a couple of simple questions without snarling at me. I simply walked out and went to another nearby restaurant. Very unfriendly and outright hostile staff in desperate need of training. 
This restaurant claims to be the king of biriyani, so I decided to test that notion. 
Having been a regular at the Stag and Mall tavern for some time now...i was gutted to see that they have replaced their best item on the menu (the blue cheese buffalo wings) with Terraki wings side. Come on The mall tavern, its like an Indian restaurant not selling curry! GET THEM BACK..... 
We came here for a Sunday lunch in a group of friends, so had the group sharing menu. The starters were OK, the Scotch egg was nicely cooked but otherwise nothing special (mostly juts bread and dips). The roast main was good, the beef and pork were cooked really well. However, the Yorkshire puddings were quite dry and the roasties could have been crispier on the outside. Puzzlingly, the meal didn't seem to be served with any gravy, making it quite dry, and when we asked for some, it wasn't brought until the meal was almost over. The desserts were fine but not sure the sharing menu really works for desserts - the way the food was served, we each ended up with half of a quarter of a sticky toffee pudding, a quarter of a scoop of ice cream and a spoonful of apple crumble. Overall, it was an OK meal but nothing to write home about. The best part was the range of beers to choose from, and although they are a bit pricey, there were quite a few different beers not usually seen in pubs, which was interesting. Overall not a bad experience but wouldn't particularly come back compared to other pubs. 
Went there yesterday with a few friends. We are avid lovers of biriyani and all of us felt that the biriyani was good (mutton was way better than the chicken biriyani). But no one got the feeling that it was something exceptional.It is definitely a good takeaway option for a large party. We also ordered the mix grill. Sheek kababs and lamb chops were extremely good- soft and succulent with just the right blend of spices. But the chicken tandoori and wings were equally bad. Very bland with a lot of red food colour. You would be better off ordering just the kebabs and mutton chops separately. One of us also ordered chicken and mutton rogan josh for all. It was a disaster! Cubes of chicken or mutton sitting in a tomato curry with half an inch thick layer of oil sitting on top of it. A few brave souls tried and failed to go beyond one spoon. Needless to say, both the dishes were virtually left untouched. The behaviour of the staff was really commendable. We were more than happy to pay the 12.5% service charge added to the final bill. Overall, go there for the Biriyani only or do a takeway (my friends did not like the neighbourhood and would not come in again for a dine-in experience). 
The atmosphere and customer service was good but I was shocked at the price of a pint and the food was a higher price than listed on their web page. It was tasty but not worth the prices! 
Plenty is a simple cafe with no fuss Italian food. The food is not amazing but the lunch time deal of salad, main & drink is really good value. 
This is not really a pub, it is more a bar for locals.  
Had dinner with friends in The Library Private room upstairs here. 
Went down on a Tuesday so all the food is half price - thought it was good pub grub, slightly better than the usual stuff you find. Great selection of beers and the staff were enthusiastic about the beers which made a nice change! Worth a stop! 
For starters we had a plate of meat and a plate of veg samosa. The samosa's were very small and only 2 per plate at £2.95 per plate. We then had masala steak which was okay at £10.95 and then the mutton biryani which was lovely £10.95. Green salad £3.50, chips £2.75 and 2 salted Lassi @ £7.50. With the 12.5% service charge the total came to £47.30 which I consider to be quite steep considering the decor of the restaurant and the area the restaurant is located. 
We went to this restaurant as we heard it had the best biryani in London. We ordered the lamb biryani. I would describe the biryani as being average and nothing special. The biryani didnt contain any potatoes, only meat and pilau rice. The biryani was also way too oily. Having said all that the other dishes were ok, the dishes werent too expensive and the service was excelled. 
I went in there was very dark, they had quite a few oaps there I went in spoke to an older lady ordered a pizza for takeaway I tried to interact with her but she wasn't interested I asked her how long they had been there ? No response she walked off so I tried to interact with another young lady who was covering for her friend I asked her how long they had been open and she spoke to the stuck up woman and advised me 6 years ..she was actually like a breath of fresh air, I recommend my favourite pizza place and advised her to try it , got my pizza in about 10 mins and left, pizza was lovely the dough was very crisp, overall a t won't beat my favourite pizza place but still decent, I wasn't happy with the service apart from the young Italian lady who was very pleasant I might make a trip back but will ignore this lady I hope she wasn't the owner as that would be terrible  
I entered an empty restaurant with two family members recently. We walked to an empty table that did not have a reserved sign, something we've been doing for the past 10-15 years, only to be rudely approached by a European-looking male waiter gruffly telling us "yes?"  
Near our London rental, we enjoyed a very pleasant pub lunch featuring a delicious Scotch egg and, for my granddaughter, onion soup. At dinner, later in the week, my husband and I found it crowded and way too noisy to hold a conversation, The food that evening was not nearly as good as the midday meal earlier in the week. 
I was really looking forward to dining here especially after reading reviews. I got there of a Thursday early evening where it was rammed full. Unfortunately for me no table/space to eat which may have been a blessing in disguise when I realized just how noisy the place was. 
I bought a cappuccino and a croissant to eat on the train. 
We stay in this neighbourhood all the time so really enjoy going out locally for dinner. The ambiance was perfect and we were really looking forward to a lovely evening but we found the service a bit unfriendly. I don't eat meat or dairy so I asked for a Pasta tossed with Veggies, etc but they were unable to accommodate. A little disappointed. 
Nice breakfasts but really need to raise the quality of their sausages (poor) and leave the toast in the toaster until it's toasted! 
Good Food, Slow service but not the worse, nice surroundings and average value for money. 2 course lunch for £9.50 PP or A La Carte prices average.  
If you want to grab a quick sandwich or drink then this is ideal. It can get very busy but they usually deal with the queues quite efficiently. Plenty of seating around too if you don’t want to take away. 
We made the mistake of going to this pub at a time while a match from the Woman’s world cup was being shown.  
A really nice italian eatery in London. The good was really fresh and it had an authentic taste not often found in Italians in London.  
Well I've noticed this cafe going downhill lately prices gone up for no reason and portions getting smaller not sure why ? But not good enough either way ? I'm going to lunch elsewhere from now on . 
Nice restaurant, but when you pay £15 for lasagne you expect a decent sized portion which this wasnt!! 
Enjoyed all the food but £12.50 a lot to pay for a starter of grilled aubergine (1 piece) with a bit of rockett and tomato. Portions for mains quite small and again expensive for what you had. House wine £24 but we had the recommended for the month and although not cheap was excellent. Most wines are in the £30 - £50 bracket. Would i go again.....probably not. 
We were on a pub walk and stopped at theMall tavern a lovely American girl served us she was from Chicago warm friendly and helpful it's a clean friendly pub a little garden at the back and busy in the inside well worth a visit 
Was introduced to this restaurant last night by a friend for Valentines night, 
Listed as a Gastro Pub, but to be honest the food is only average and only worthwhile on a half price deal. They do a happy hour between 5pm-7pm Monday to Friday so obviously a good time to benefit from a drinking session. Staff are brilliant and very friendly, but the premises could do with a bit more TLC, toilets need major improvements as grotty. 
The minute we walked in I was greeted with a glare and told to wear a mask which I immediately did - but my impression was already tarred by her rudeness. Another lady appeared and took our coats who was far more pleasant.  
Ate here at the weekend with friends, a couple of our group had starters. My friends toast to go with his salmon was black-burnt through-not good for a midday sitting when the pub has just opened! 
Placed a takeaway order at 6.30 and was told delivery would be 70 minutes. Was happy to wait as it was Saturday evening. After ringing to chase order, it arrived at nearly 8.30pm and I had order the new dish Chicken Chow Chow which was meant to have potatoes on top, came minus the potatoes and think the vegetable dishes are expensive for the amount of food received. 
The beef roasts were good (fresh meat, generous portions...) 
Had breakfast here today with my son and it was not the best. The bacon was very fatty and chewy and my son had sausage sandwich and the sausages was very pink and did not taste right at all. Would not try a breakfast here again but there is plenty to choose from.  
I used to be a frequent visitor to this restaurant in its previous ownership, it was a warm friendly restaurant, the staff were dressed in traditional Indian tunics rich colours with good braid and the staff were Friendly happy and smart. The food was always excellent.  
This lively, popular pub is open for drinkers and diners. A wide range of exotic sounding beers are available as well as the usual range of alcoholic drinks. Music plays in the background, not too loudly. Service at table was good, but I found the food to be rather lacklustre. 
I have used this pub for over forty years, and spent many happy hours in the garden. Late last evening (Monday) I took my drink into the garden, but was shouted-at in the rudest way by a female bartender, who jerked her thumb at me to get out, as though I was some kind of troublemaker. If the garden was meant to be closed by that time, they should either have locked the door or put up a ‘Closed’ sign. Not everyone is suitable for bar-work in pleasant parts of London. 
After visiting multiple times in October 2014, we went back in October 2016 and were disappointed in the direction at The Mall Tavern. What was once the pub's dining room, with tables and chairs, has been partially converted into long tables and stools. A less comfortable and inviting atmosphere. And the food was not quite up to past standards--not bad, just not memorable. 
If this is the best pizza in the area the some folks need to get out of Hammersmith more.  
Popular spot for locals, was nice to stop and have a drink or two but nothing special. Prices were a bit lower then the Kensington Area. 
My friends love coming here for lunch. I don't. It is a no frills cafe, food is fine for what it is. You literally get what you order. I always get stressed coming here - not my choice. Cannot criticise the food though, the tables are cleaned, just don't like the atmosphere. 
We have eaten here several times and my husband has always enjoyed the food, i tend just to have a coffee and a cake. The food is always cooked fresh and the staff are friendly. They have a good size eating area so you generally get a seat but it does get very busy there at times. 
I went here for dinner with friends, all 4 of them had a different calzone which they all liked, I had a regular vegetarian pizza, the crust was lovely but the pizza itself was very sloppy and a bit of a mess, I couldn’t taste the mushrooms in it at all, in fact I couldn’t really see them either. Would I go to this restaurant again, I probably would, but I I’ve had better pizza in other restaurants and I think they should source some cheaper wine, I think £25 for house wine is a bit expensive. 
Because this is "authentic" neapolitan pizza straight from Naples, the pizzas generally taste pretty good but if you don't like it the staff will become furious and hate on you. They are very proud of their pizzas, probably a bit too proud and don't like being told how they should make it. 
I was surprised by this tavern as it was not what I would expect in London. It was a bit too flashy for me, but they did have some fantastic brews. We tried the Beaverton Neck Oil, a fantastic pale, and the Siren White. 
Pub was a little noisy to talk with a group of busines people but the atmosphere was nice. Food was fine and the cider was nice. Staff was friendly but very slow and missed several orders. 
I hope this new tapas restaurant on Northfield Avenue does well, but it's a long way from perfect judging from this visit. It's a small restaurant, with lots of tables, so when it's full (as it was last night) it's buzzing. The rear of the restaurant however has a bit of a problem with the heat coming from the kitchen, with a big fan on the floor trying to counter the effects; however, the manager graciously agreed to seat us at the front of the restaurant when we asked to be moved. Service was a little chaotic (two different waitresses asked for our drinks orders, a minute apart!) 
I went with friends as we had been there a year ago and the food was ok. However both starters & mains were really disappointing. The food was cold and pretty tasteless. Great service though. The waiter was really good.  
Very good tapas, some excellent! Have desert elsewhere!The service leaves much to be desired it took an hour for us to get deserts which were not worth waiting for!! and another 30 minutes for the bill during which time the waiter managed to tend to another couple 3 times chatting with them at length while the rest of us waited. When the poor service and awful deserts were brought to his attention he was rude and dismissive. We left feeling our custom was not valued. Very disappointing! 
Second visit to Zuma but sadly my last - it’s over-priced for the food - service is robotic & none of the staff interact at any level with the diners - you’re paying for the venue, the number of staff and hopefully something towards the quality of food but in general, I’ve eaten just as well at a number of other restaurants for half the price...  
Hospitality wasn’t good absolutely terrible Towards any of us since the first minut we came in Had to wait to place an order about 20 minuts 
A mix of PUB and restaurant. Good beer, food and service. Very close to Kensington palace and Holland park. The burger is very good. We recommend.  
Pizza is proper Italian, even though overpriced. Staff is ok; not so friendly to lead me to come back though. You expect more engagement and friendliness, especially if you are there for the first time. Can do better! 
Making a telephone reservation for Sunday lunch at the Mall Tavern was like calling a dear friend who wanted to invite you over: welcoming, charming, helpful and polite. Arriving at the place and being ushered to our table was the same: all these people were really pleased that we had come. The ambience was pleasant: not too posh or pretentious. Confortable. I really wanted to make this place a regular haunt. But, oh dear ! How disappointing the food was. The Sunday roast of pork was belly (rather than the customary loin or leg) and how fatty it was (belly is fatty). A neatly carved piece with crackling on top had to be dissected to find any lean. My companion ordered the Cow Pie: a signature dish here. It neither looked nor tasted glamorous. The vegetables had the air of having been cooked a bit too early that morning. Sorry, boys and girls at The Mall, I felt let down but thanks for the welcome. 
It's a difficult one The Mall because there's nothing wrong with it and we had a pleasant Saturday afternoon hour. 
We were happy to retain our booking for lunch on Christmas Day, albeit as a take away, as last year it was delicious and we really enjoyed it. Full marks to the kitchen staff for preparation as this must have presented quite a challenge this year; however we did have a few observations: my chestnut and pumpkin soup was far too salty and my mum said the smoked salmon was chewy. There were plenty of vegetables, so many that there was hardly room on the plate to fit everything on and I made the mistake of using all the gravy (also a bit salty) which meant our food was swimming. The meal did not benefit from being reheated so looked a little tired when we came to eat it. My nut roast tasted delicious but in hindsight we will not do this again as the experience was marred by not being able to eat in the restaurant and, generally, tasting a bit soggy. We love the food at the Flintgate so we will definitely be visiting again, when we are able to. 
The place is new and it shows. The music is dated as is the decor; as if a middle-aged couple are trying too hard to be modern (no offence!). The waiters are overly enthusiastic too. That said, the pizzas are fresh, authentic and tasty. I definitely recommend the tiramisu. I hate tiramisu and yet finished this one! It's scrumptious. I'm therefore going to forgive them for being a little pricy; especially considering there are equally good pizzerias nearby. My partner and I had terrible stomach cramps later that evening/the next morning. I wouldn't let that deter me from returning. Although perhaps next time I'll order to take-away.  
We visited for an early dinner before The Cure concert - it wasn't very busy. 
The place was peer much dead when we went in the evening . Service was fast and food hot . Brahma beers on tap . Chicken wrapped in bacon was tasty with pinto beans side . Cheesecake was ok but brilliant . All in all a reasonable meal  
ambience and drinks were great, food wasn't too bad too. It was really busy as it was Mother's Day. :£ 
Bollo House has for many years been a reliable gastro pub for the good burghers of W4. Last summer it underwent refurbishment and a new management team was installed. Whilst there is no discernible difference to the interior there is a real change in terms of quality and service. The menu has become stodgy, the cooking lacks flavour and the service is hit and miss. This has gone on too long for it to be down to teething problems. Sadly it is becoming a house of ill repute, drawing in customers on past reputation rather than present quality. With so many other choices locally there is no reason to hurry back. 
We ate here as a medium sized party of six adults and two children, and sat in the garden. 
My friends and I went to Donde Carlos to have dinner: the staff was kind and gentle, the food was good. I had the vegetarian dish and the mango juice with milk (there is just one vegetarian dish). I recommend this restaurant, is better to have a reservation since is quite small. 
This very centrally located pub is less than a 5 minute walk from Notting Hill Tube station serves reasonable grub and a varied selection of beers. Service was very average. Good if your passing but don't go out of your way. 
i just came back from 3 weeks in Colombia and was missing the food. The arepas were not cooked enough, patacones made with sweet bananas and not plantain! the empanadas were made with mashed potatoes.. needless to say i was quite disappointed, specially since it got good reviews 
Had a lovely lunch but there are so many tables it takes away from any atmosphere. Most at lunchtime were business lunches and so not quite what we hoped being a couple for my birthday _ Top prices too 
Given the rents in the area, it's not surprising that the gastro offering has to be weighed towards the top end. Some of the dishes are a bit hit and miss, though the overall atmosphere is good. 
Breakfast Buffet is fine when they remember to keep the items stocked. Staff need more training before they are let loose on the paying guests. Takes forever to get a coffee or tea. Tea with lemon and honey does not mean a pot of boiling water with lemon and honey and no tea bag.  
Arrived 20 mins early on a Saturday evening in December and was told straight away that our table wasn't going to be ready for 7:45pm and that a table had been reserved for us in the bar to have some drinks. This was fine but we only sat down at 8:25pm which was longer than we were told. Nevertheless we were sat by the window (which did have a cold draft coming through) and ordered our food and wine. We ordered the chicken liver pate and a portion of the chicken popcorn, both were very nice. Unfortunately, the starters took over 30mins to come to the table which was disappointing, however the manager dealt with it professionally and managed to compensate. The mains of Cow Pie and Chicken Kyev followed and were both nice (i remember when i visited 2 years ago the Chicken Kyev was £9 - its £14 now!) - but still as good. I think this pub/restaurant is very good but maybe they "took too much on" on this occasion. Should really be a 4 star but the service will need to improve to achieve this. 
Thursday Evening 7pm  
I have read very good articles about this restaurant. The place is not very big, the food is good, they are friendly and the service is not bad. I think they need improve the quality of the food and service. It is not good idea hear the Colombian radio during your lunch, there are very beautiful Colombian music that they can choose. I recommend this place , but the manager must improve several things. 
We went as a table of 4. The 3 meat and fish eaters loved all the food but sadly there are only a few veggie options. Most of the options on the menu which look to be vegetarian aren’t as they’re cooked in the same fryer as the meat and fish dishes. If you’re a veggie be sure to ask which dishes you can have, I was surprised at how few there were.  
Service is so-so but the food is good but the location is lovely, and the view from the restaurant is amazing. Caesar salad wasn’t fresh.  
Not sure if I would call it restaurant but the food was just delicious... Large portions, tasty and just delish... So do not expect much of the atmosphere just go for it... Good service, friendly staff, try figs with caramel and three milk cake... Just helping you understand why people get overweight... Will be back for sure 
Went with a small group to the Caribbean night. Generally was a very enjoyable evening. Other guests friendly. Good music (Steel Pan Band and disco) however: 
I believe this tavern is really over rated.  
The customers here are rather posh, Beer and food is good. 
We usually go to the Bromley court hotel at least once a year, primarily for a memorial meal. We started going there after a our previous venue appeared to be serving reheated frozen TV style dinners and charging top money for them. 
I am a little torn in this review  
Hadn’t been for a year but had enjoyed the food my last visit. This time was a disappointment. Prices had risen and the portions looked smaller. We were given a wobbly table that the waiter fixed by placing a mat under one on the legs. 
Worth going for the restaurant itself as it is a beautiful conservatory with great light and lovely view. Great for any season and occassion, an asset to Bromley. Great prices for a set 3 course.  
I visited monty's with friends, the food was average like any other indian restaurant using pre set cook-in paste, biryani rice were half cooked and tasteless, nan was fresh and I stick to nan and dip in a curry sauce. Service staff was very rude seem like they don't care about customers as there are doing so well and restaurant was packed. 
This restaurant was packed on a weeknight - showing the quality of the Indian food. The decor is a little dated - dark and lots of carpets - like the '80s. Service is cheerful, if it was a little stretched when full. We enjoyed our meal, but quite tricky to talk when it's so full, maybe not good for a quiet evening.  
Good food ,great service ,slightly over priced ,overall a good experience ,I have been there a number of times ,consistant always  
I had one evening to have dinner in London, and after a friends recommendation, I went to Zuma. We were stuck in the far back and were forgotten about for almost an hour — the food and drinks to a very long time. It seemed like our original server was to busy to serve us, so a manager came over to help. But we were never asked if we wanted another drink or if everything was ok until our table time was up. Then we had like ten people ask if everything was ok to rush us out. For the price, I expected better service. The food was ok. But I have had sushi all over the world and had better at small little places in Canada. The wagyu tartare was terrific. I will give them that. I think if you want a nightlife party restaurant and are more interested in the scene, then the food and service, then it is the right place. The bar was busy. 
The restaurant is very well decorated but I was not too impressed with the food or the service. We were a party of 14 and some were happy with the food.The starters were quite good but the main course chicken was luke warm. We did send it back, but it was really quite tasteless. Some of the meals were very hot and absolutely fine. The desserts were nice but the waitresses seemed quite confused as to who had ordered what and one dessert was missing, by the time it arrived everyone else had nearly finished. Service was not what I would expect from a hotel of this calibre. During the service, one of our party had put something on the table in front of them, and when the waitress arrived with food she said "move lady" rather than excuse me, I don't think she intended to be rude, I think it was probably lack of training. I don't like writing negative reviews but I was disappointed with the meal and the service, fortunately the company I was in made up for it. 
Table for 6 tucked In between large lunch tables and a few afternoon teas - have been before but not for restaurant service - felt a bit 'strange' having dainty cakes with huge roast dinners passing by (3pm) 
The food is amazing, tasty, beautifully presented with cocktails that just make you want to drink the entire bar dry! The flavours of the dishes are just simple but so dynamic. The staff, rude, RUDE, RUDE!!! From the front of house host to the waiter serving. Not sure if they were judgmental / racist or if they were having a bad day and just felt like being unhelpful and just plain rude. For a high price point I expect better service. 
I visited Monty’s for the first time last month and was not disappointed! Very obliging staff and great food.  
Service was initially very slow and not the greatest. It did however get better the longer we were there. Food was only OK. It had some highs (the Tikka Paneer), and some lows (pathetically small portion of Chicken Tikka for starters). A little bit pricey for what you get, especially the Monty's Special Chargrilled chicken. For over £10 per portion, you'd expect more. To be honest we only went there because our overseas guests wanted a curry and for all the restaurants in Ealing, there are not that many Indian restaurants. 
After reading the reviews we decided to order take away.  
Ok, took my partner to London for a fun weekend. We visited this "famous" restaurant. To be fair the food was different and tasty. We enjoyed it. Drinks were good too. Service was ok. nothing special. The place was extremely busy, we had to wait for 45 minutes (we had reserved a table). Maybe its better to try for lunch. 
My expectation was high given the reviews about Zuma.. I have been to many sushi restaurants and was quite excited to try this one.  
However without being condescending caters for what seems to be a less discerning younger crowd with food that has to be said is inferior to ‘sister’ Roka and competitors Hakkasan/Nobu. Nicolas the manager is peerless. 
We had dinner there Monday night.  
Table booked for four [table 11] for Sunday lunch 17th Feb . Good menu selection. Salmon starter very minimalist as was main course of fatty lamb with overcooked carrots & not much else most left the accompanying potatoes [frozen roast ] if not mistaken. Desert was best part of the occasion. Have attended many functions here with full sit down menu & has been reasonable. Service was rather unprofessional with ox tongue dish mistaken for the lamb in service. Maybe this explains the rather unappealing presentation of the main courses . Shame . Xmas décor /trees still up!!! 
Meals variable in quality.Nine people in our party...some food very good but other meals not so good. 
The food is quite good and the portions are a good size. Service is usually a bit slow, especially when it is full. 
Okay so I accept Knightsbridge is not exactly the cheapest destination for fine dining but I thought the prices excessive at Zuma. The venue was atmospheric, the front of house welcome staff were highly professional other than our waiter who poured the water into each of our glasses with the bottle completely vertical and half way into the glass. When you're paying the premium for fine dining you expect a little more finesse......and less splashes! 
We used Bookatable to book dinner on a Sunday night for our 46th wedding anniversary. When we got to the hotel for our 6.30 booking we found that dinner did not start until 7. We had been requested to email the conference and banqueting with details of a voucher we had received, which we did, only to have the email returned because the recipients email box was full! Restaurant nicely, and newly, decorated but with only 5 tables occupied there was little ambience and with my back to the window it was cold. I chose the Set menu: food was what I call "precious" - not a lot of it, on big plates, a bit like The Great British Menu programme. With my sea food platter I expected to have a bit of bread but you had to pay £2 extra for that! Though nicely cooked I would have preferred a little more on the plate. I gave an "average" for the overall rating of this restaurant purely because the food was cooked ok. Such a shame. 
We decided to going to check this place out as we had heard loads of good talk about it. We were expecting authentic Nepalese food but were presented with food with a bit more Indian twist to it!  
we had the typical Colombian breakfast (according to the menu). A plate with rice and beans, a scrambled/ omelette of onion/ tomato/ pepper, a flatbread and two pieces of steak. 
This high end, trendy Japanese has lost some of its edge. The sushi was good enough, but not great. The soy sauce they served was watery and the toro was bland. The wagyu steak and the miso black cod were outstanding. We were two at the bar. What was a bit annoying was that the two Chefs who were grilling the food (not Japanese) spent the whole time clowning around with each other. It simply felt as if the whole experience had lost its class. Too bad. On to the next. 
This wasn't your usual chip shop that had ready made chips and fish / sausages. Everything was cooked fresh which makes a nice change. 
The flavour was good and well cooked however there was a lot of meat, some of which was very chewy. Normally with a shish it’s all soft, but not this, which ruined the experience a little. Much better to have a bit less meat but have it better quality. Other strange touch was that the bread was provided separately - would be better to have sauce separately in tubs, and have meat in the bread. Salad was nice and fresh tasting. 
Good food, but terrible service. Having paid 600£ for dinner to later be kicked out from the table before we even finished the wine (the restaurant was almost empty). We are guessing the reason for us being asked to leave was that they wanted to clean the tables and have an early night for themselves.  
Food was exceptional, we literally ordered the menu but the service wasn't great. 
This place is becoming a victim of its own success.  
Four of us went for dinner on Friday night. We didn't have a reservation but were quickly seated; unfortunately those in the outside (aisle) seats were jostled every time someone wanted to pass. 
good service, the basic menu (i.e. burgers) didn't fit in with the elegant surroundings (by comparison) even if the food was well cooked. 
Ate in here for 3 nights, food adequate but nothing special 
Having not visited here for over a year I was shocked to see how one of my favourite little haunts has gone down hill. I invited my friend to lunch to celebrate her birthday, yes, the normal clientele are businessmen or pensioners, however, the service and atmosphere added to the enjoyment of the food. Not anymore! We were seated and left in the incapable hands of a little man that wasn't happy in his job. He shoved a piece of paper in front of us ( what happened to your lovely menus?) 
If you are booking for a large group I would recommend that you ask for a table upstairs, it is more quiet and, if you are lucky, you may have the room all for yourself. The good thing is that they brought the food for all the 15 of us at the same time so we could all eat together. I found the papadum too salty but the nan bread was delicious. I ordered a vegetable korma, it was nice, but I think it could have done with some more vegetables in it a maybe less sauce. The mango flavored lassi is a drink you should definitely try. 
For many years, almost since its opening, I have been a frequent diner with friends and family. My latest visit was so disappointing despite the fact that the owner was present for some of the time. I have known the owner for over forty years when since he worked in the Pakastani Tandoori opposite Pittshanger Manor. This time I had the misfortune of arriving at 6.30pm midweek. My Tandoori chicken seemed to be a bad reheat from the previous evening. It was the least busy occasion when I visited. my daughter and I were very disappointed. Sad to see a once good Labour restaurant lose its sparkle. 
THE classic trendy restaurant in London. Get a feel of the hustle and bustle of London (very noisy and difficult to discuss), nice people (sprinkled with some noisy bankers) and awesome food. To be done 
We were staying for a couple of nights, so decided to try the Garden restaurant on a Saturday night. Not always the best time, as restos tend to get very busy, and they have private functions as well. BUT, we were pleasantly surprised. Food choice was excellent, ranging across scallops, chicken, roast beef (particularly good, just slightly pink), and the vegetables were all al dente! Makes a nice change to get the veggies just right. Carrots especially were sweet. 
Masons ladies night. The bar was to small and when the food came out for 120 guests it took about 10 minutes from when the first item was put on the plate to when the lamb chops were in place then they came up with the gravy when we had nearly finished. I never got the bottle of white wine I ordered and had to go to the bar myself to get it. 
The food was good and the price was also ok. I wouldn't say it was exceptional, but at least if was tasteful. 
The food is really good. But the restaurant is small, so you don´t have too much space.  
We went here this week as I'd won a meal for two (max £35) in a raffle to raise money after the Nepal earthquake. It started badly, with a frankly rude man on the phone when I rang to book a table who managed to speak three words during the entire 'conversation'. We arrived to be welcomed by a lady, who showed us to a table. I used to go to this restaurant relatively often a long time ago, so I was interested in what it would be like now. The restaurant itself is tired and could do with a little TLC. For example, the tablecloth was stained with food and could have done with a good scrub. The lady brought over a 'complimentary' salad - some lettuce, tomato and cucumber that looked as if it'd had been sitting around for a while. As she'd also had her fingernails deep into it I thought I'd leave it. We had a look at the menu and ordered two beers, which came quickly (at this point I want to mention the young man who brought these - he was the one high spot. I wish I'd got his name but he was wearing a lumberjack shirt and was actually friendly). The older waiter came over and asked if we were ready to order, but we asked for another couple of minutes. Fair enough. Ten minutes later, after much eyebrow raising, smiling and nodding toward the staff standing at the bar chatting, my husband actually put his arms in the air, waved them around and said 'hello'. This finally brought one of them over. We ordered two starters, two mains and two breads (the food is not cheap here). The starters arrived quickly - chana chaat and chicken chaat. The chana was fine, but the chicken had been covered in some kind of sticky sauce, the main ingredient of which appeared to be MSG. Underneath all this the chicken itself was okay, although it didn't taste of much. While we were waiting for the mains (again, not long, which always makes me question the freshness of the food), the waiter came over and asked if we wanted to share a beer between us, so we did. Then the mains arrived. I'd asked for a chicken tikka bhuna to be made vindaloo hot, and my husband had a chicken dish 'in a herby sauce'. The chicken in mine was again fine, but it had little heat (certainly nothing like a vindaloo) and the strangest thing was that the main ingredient was shredded onion, which I have never had in this dish before. I wish that they'd mentioned this on the menu as I am not a fan of onion, particularly not when there's so much of it. The other dish was bland, and drowned in an unremarkable sauce that didn't taste of anything at all. The breads were okay, although the stuffed paratha I had was pretty doughy and flaccid. We ate and then really just wanted to go, so we asked for the bill. When it came, we had been charged for four beers, not three. I went to the waiter standing at the bar and pointed out that we'd only had three, which he agreed, and then said he would take the food items off the bill as we had the £35 voucher. He also asked us if we'd like a complimentary Bailey's, which was a nice touch. Another waiter then came over saying that we had to pay for four beers. I told him I'd already had this conversation with the other waiter, and he went off to check. After a couple of minutes he came back saying we could only pay for three (yes, because we'd only had three!!). We paid and left. Suffice to say we won't be going back. The place was busy, which didn't surprise me as it's in an enviable position round the corner from the station and in the middle of Ealing, but I think it's resting on its laurels. The food was poor, the staff couldn't really be bothered (with one exception), and the restaurant itself needed a wash. There are better places to spend your money if you fancy some decent food in Ealing. 
I have been to this place tens of time to say the least, but this is the second time that I find the atmosphere and the service going down. 
Called in late Saturday night on way home in town  
Was within walking distance from several airport hotels. We had hamburgers and I would say it was average. Prices were reasonable. 
I contacted the restaurant to make sure they offered Vegetarian food and was assured they had an extensive range. Whilst ordering we informed that actually the vegetarian options were cooked in the same oil as the meat and fish dishes and that some other options had fish flakes in them. Sushi seemed to be the only vegetarian option. My wife (the vegetarian) was very reasonable about it but I was less than happy.  
Friendly service , house wine £22 even for London isn't this expensive, place was empty 5 days before Christmas not surprised. Food good but no vegetables with sea bass just a few wilted greens. Gnocchi was really nice but stated pumpkin gnocchi should be titled gnocchi with a wrinkle,of finey chopped gnocchi . 
The menu is varied and imaginative with good alternatives for vegetarians but the service is indifferent at the best. 
We usually like to pick up some bubble tea here as they are actually quite good with a nice amount of toppings. the food is also of a good quality and I find it more tasty than other oriental cuisine in the area. 
We were invited to join some work friends for dinner at Zuma . First impressions were not great as we had to wait for our table, standing at the very busy, noisy bar area and felt we were getting in the way, being a large group. We were on the later sitting at 9pm and eventually sat down at approx 9.20pm cramped around a cheap looking round table right next to the busy bar. Every time the front doors opened to let people in and out there was an artic draft that hit our table. We never complained as we just wanted to eat with it being late on. To save time we ordered the taster menu. The waiter was very helpful and adapted two of our friends orders to suit dietary requirements. The food has a high price tag but was delicious! The bar and music was loud and attracted a younger clientele and isn’t somewhere I would return unfortunately. We have been to Roka on Fleet Street which has a more sophisticated atmosphere with similar food.  
We have eaten at Zumo several times before. Food is always good. However things were not right for our late Sunday lunch. We ordered the fixed price menu which means 4 items shared between 2 people. Customers often complain about slow service but we had the opposite problem. The smallish dishes all arrived one after another so quickly that we could barely catch our breath. The whole event was over in 20 minutes. Not an enjoyable experience  
I was told this place was special I never mind paying for quality and was really looking forward to dinner here even though was told it would be a bit expensive. 
Slipping standards, disinterested staff, some beer off, badly poured, laundry bags on pub floor, complacency not good enough  
I took my wife here for Valentine’s. We were put in the overflow room which was out of the front entrance and up an outside staircase. Not a very impressive location especially as it was raining heavily and there was no cover to get there plus no restaurant atmosphere. A shame as I had booked early - I had the feeling we were put there as soon as the restaurant manager thought we would be agile enough to get up and down the stairs! 
Well-established as it may be, Monty's (the one in Ealing Broadway) doesn't offer a particularly comfortable or relaxed dining experience - I've been there three times and on each occasion (perhaps unluckily) our table for six was cramped, in a draught, and had a lot of traffic going past it. Tables for two or four may be less badly placed. The food is ordinary High Street Indian Restaurant, with nothing special to distinguish it from dozens of others. The decor is undistinguished, and slightly shabby, apart from some impressive wooden carvings on the wall. In the whole: inexpensive, but nothing to write home about. 
A different twist on curry, the nepalese taste is sweeter and different which was nice. If you want a really spicy curry try the clay oven down the road. 
Visited here for eat out to help out and it was obvious from the moment we walked in they were over whelmed with customers. The staff were all very friendly and helpful though. 
Came here as still doing 50% meals.had to wait to get table.got drinks then orderded Sandwich Deli.well it was bland.the Roll was half cooked.it was supposed to come with tomato.Mozzerella Cheese.none of this it was just 2 pieces of fried chicken (supposed to be southern fried) all we got was lettuce.a splash of Mayo.my partner complained and monies was refunded.we noticed some people behind us had orderded food Lamb Shank noticed was like a Lamb Chop.Fish look dry could see by faces not enjoying.I certainly will not be eating here again.Drink ok though.they should up the ante.as would not have paid 8.49 for Sandwich real price.in felt let down.esp in these times you want reputation as you will lose business if food does not improve 
This was an unusual tasting curry, not something I would like to repeat. 
Meal was great, however feel that we were fleeced!  
Really delicious food , love the buns all different and flavour full , not into desert tho will eat again  
The food is genuinely delicious, the baos, fried chicken, sweet potato fries, smacked cucumber, bubble tea- it's all great! However, for the prices being paid, the portion sizes are small and it's easy to spend a huge amount to feed just a few people (which is what happens with us!). We can't justify spending that much money so as a result have only been able to visit twice. 
We used to come here for work lunch at least once a week. The restaurant was cozy and the food was above average. 
Food was ok but definitely had better. Some of our fish dishes were overcooked and others were bland. Vegetables particularly uninteresting, plain, slightly undercooked even for al dente tastes, unseasoned, uninteresting. Staff have a peculiarly brusque and pushy manner. They are all elderly men which made their patronising attitude to one of our party, a lady of 90, even more puzzling and offensive. We won't be back. 
Went for an early dinner. Was told on arrival that table would be needed back in two hours - even though we had booked. 
We are outside at the pub and the food was fine- typical pub food reasonably priced. Sadly they had sold out of our first two choices but it had been busy.  
I am sure if we were to go again to this restaurant it would be better but on this occasion it fell short really short of our expectations. For Sunday lunch The service at the bar was very slow owners / landlords must get more staff 
Don't get me wrong, I like street food. I appreciate the Thaiwanease vibe of the place and the food was not bad. But.... the bao bun filling sizes and the presentation of the dishes scream for a lower price, or a better presentation/more content. You're on a good road Bao Bao, but it's still a long one. 
Ok food typical pub roast good beer but let down by toilets next to kitchen no hot water both hot taps not working one tap very loose ,would have thought that with corona virus about hot water not to much too ask 
Had to ask couple of times for a drink that never came then got charged twice for it.some staff have attitude and very expensive.not a great deal to choose from on the menu 
First time visit, were taken out of the main entrance, up what looked like a fire exit metal stairs. We were shown to our table, waiters were friendly but had the radio on listening to the evening news, had to ask them to turn it off and put music on. There were olives and breadsticks on the tables already which we expected to be complementary but NO - we were charged at the end of the meal for them . Meal went well, food was ok , service was good and then the bill came. We were charged over £50 for side vegetables! This was for 6 people and consisted of one florets each of broccoli and one of cauliflower, and a table spoon of potatoes and zucchini. Now I think this is very unreasonable and this is the only way to have any vegetables with your dinner as they are not included in the dishes.  
Visited last night with 5 friends. I'm a regular at the sister resturant Du Amichi in Chislehurst and visit Coach House only a few times a year. As usual great food and hearty size portions. However, evening was spoilt because they refused to serve the crapes we had gone for. The explanation sounded reasonable, that the resturant was too busy. However 15 minutes later they made them for another table near us - that hurt more than the £80 a head bill for the 3 courses, half bottle of wine & coffee. 
It certainly lives off its fame as it is usually full, specially evenings. 
Our visit to this Zuma was quite a disappointment compared to their other locations. We were seated at a small table which was more like a coffee table rather than a dinner table, meaning it was very low and not very comfortable for dinning. We ordered the premium degustation menu, which to our surprise was mainly comprised of raw fish, rather than signature dishes with their tasty sauces which we love. A dish which was our most disappointment was tofu. I find it unacceptable to pay 130 pounds per person to try the best dishes and have tofu served.... The best dish was undoubtedly the dessert which came with the impressive Zuma serving in fresh exotic fruit bowls, same as all other locations. Overall, when in London don't waste your evening for Zuma in Knightsbridge, it is overpriced and not worth your time in my opinion. Sorry Zuma... 
Food was just ok, service was friendly, restaurant looks nice, location is good but the price was absolutely way to high. We been charged for bread and tap water and the sitting cover charge and service charge.... very very disappointing. Will not go back... 
Having not been for many years (and remembering it as being a rather 1980s style Italian restaurant) I thought the Coach House would have moved forward in the intervening period. Sadly not! The staff are extremely friendly and the restaurant has a very warm, cosy and pleasant atmosphere - so overall we did enjoy ourselves. The food however is a disappointment - the menu is so extensive and yet plates appear quickly - hence I can only assume a lot of food is based on pre-prepared sauces or dishes. The spaghetti alla vongole was very poor - dry, tasteless and with clams so small as to barely warrant inclusion. The veal main was better - sauce rather gloopy, but the meat itself was fine. The dessert trolley certainly rescued the meal - everything looked excellent and the oranges in caramel would have been worth 5 stars on their own. So - a very enjoyable evening, but it would be great if they could cut down the menu and do the food that bit better. 
Nice surroundings and good selection on menu but surprised to be charged a  
We have eaten a few times here, the shares platter is nice but the salad and Gannon not great, tasted quit rubbery infact. The sausages in the sharer platter are nice. The staff are friendly. Will come back just won't have the salad again. 
We had a variety of sandwiches - the vegetarian option was described as an open sandwich, fair enough, but I'm not sure why that should mean that it was roughly half the size of the chicken club or fish sandwiches, which were the same price. Opting for a veggie dish does not necessarily imply that one isn't just as hungry! 
Food is ok but cost adds up when you include sides. Also waiter tried to insist on a portion per person which is not necessary. Wine is ok but house wine is poor. Definitely worth going for second wine. It has a bit of a monopoly due to limited competition in area so book ahead. Personally I would not rush back 
Four of us visited the Coach House ,for me the for first time. The restaurant was full ,it had a pleasant ambiance. The waiter took our orders and served the drinks . I had the lamb cutlets which were very nice with a selection of veg and sautéed potatoes. The meals ,we all agreed were very good and the service was efficient,yet friendly. Sadly the evening was spoilt for me by the excessive bill . Yes I had expected to pay a little more ,and yes I have eaten in a range of good eateries,but it was a huge bill for what we had. I'm sorry but I will not be going back. 
I used to entertain business customers at this restaurant over 20 years ago; back then it was friendly and welcoming and the only genuine complaint may have been it was almost 'old-fashioned' - when out with clients you never want anything to go wrong but I always felt that anything substandard would be dealt with courteously and satisfactorily. Fast forward 20 years and I was taking my daughter for my birthday dinner so thought of here, little realising how I must have spoken about it as this was much to her delight and she knew this was a real treat. I must say, from booking the table in person and feeling a little disappointed with the reception I received with its lack of any warmth or interest to the experience at the dinner itself was very much below par. Gone was the famous 'fish trolley' (still famous enough to warrant a mention in the menu) to be replaced with a simple list - we had both looked forward to this as I had explained to my daughter that I had only ever twice eaten off the menu as every other time was from the run down given by Felici to salivating expectant diners; skipping starters (to save room for dessert) we both opted for fish - daughter was delighted with her sea bream fillets (beautifully cooked and practically bone-free), I was less pleased with my skate as it needed a few moments more to cook the residual 'sliminess' out of slightly raw (this really was only slight as was far from sushi!); then the veg - already leaving me a bit miffed that I couldn't simply order those my daughter would eat but had to order a season mix AND her broc as a side - only for the waiter to ask if she wanted fine beans but serve them before she could have a moment to consider; this was the same with the fresh tartar sauce which was served before any answer could be given; the food was no more of a problem but the build-up had been far less than I expected and felt hurried from our arrival to serving; desserts were lovely but almost certainly bought in; by the time our mains arrived it was packed, which may account for the lack of attention from that point, so ordering more drinks was difficult with my back to the room (which arrived with ice even though no ice was requested); all in all very disappointing as was nothing like or as good as I remembered (and I must have eaten there twenty or even thirty times). So, for two mains, two desserts, two bottles of beer, two fresh orange juices and one glass of wine (oh, and the "discretionary" 10% "service charge") my bill was a hefty £88 - I think far better at Assos in Crayford (of all locations) for something less than that. I had been offered a later table if I didn't mind dining 'upstairs' - this was new to my original visits so I opted for the two-hour slot offered in the regular room but I wonder what would've happened had I gone for that as upstairs never opened the entire time we were there. Still, serving over 80 covers during our visit and poorly attended at that I doubt they could cope or care for more. 
The staff were lovely but the food didn't warrant the London prices it was charging. Starter of baked advocado, Stilton and prawns wasn't! Prawns yes but when I said about no Stilton and gloopy sauce I was told the lumps were Parmesan! Very busy so perhaps we are being negative but I would have rather spent the money in a chain which would have been the same quality but much less money and more of a vibrant atmospher. 
I have eaten here many times over the last 20 years both for business and pleasure and look upon a visit here as being a special occasion. My last visit was the 12 December 2015. The restaurant was full (too full) every time the staff passed the table my chair was bumped into, and rarely was an apology given. The menu hasn’t changed for at least 5 years possibly longer, although usually they do have some specials on, however being a Saturday night near Christmas it was just the standard menu. There were some new staff on who I had never seen before and they were certainly not up to the standard of the regular staff. The food however was it usual good quality and very tasty certainly no complaints there. The final shock was the bill, prices you would expect to pay in London not outside a Garden Centre in Sidcup. 
We loved to visit Zuma , and had lunch few times there. 
I have always wanted to try this restaurant, so went with a couple of friends. The service was spot on, and the food was good, really wide ranging menu. The pricing should be reviewed though, we all had 2 courses, and a bottle of pinot grigio wine, 4 beers, and coffee and it came to £70 a head. The restaurant is out of the way, so no way you could go elsewhere for a drink beforehand or after for that matter, but we knew this before we went. 
Lovely food and fantastic service, but felt frustrated by the hidden costs. Was surprised to find we'd been charged a cover charge for olives & bread. Due to the layout of the tables, it felt quite crowded and I felt too close to those sitting near us. Also, the fact that the room is on a downward slope made me feel quite funny (a few glasses of wine soon righted that!) 
We hadn't been to this restaurant for at least 15 years; but went on a recommendation. We had to book in advance as it gets busy. On arrival we were warmly greeted, our drinks were beer and wine which were good. Our starters of dumplings and spring rolls was good, however the dumplings had some glossy coating on them which I didn't like. We then had the crispy duck which was delicious. Our mains of prawn & broccoli, singapore noodles and sizzilling beef was good except for the sizzilling beef which was horrible, i suspected MSG as it was thick, glossy and gluppy. I did ask but was told it was cornflour - whatever it was it was nasty. 
For the prices this place charges we were very very disappointed and would not return there, food was lukewarm, service was slow and atmosphere cold 
Whilst I was pleased with the offering of the menu, the service and the ambient surroundings, my experience felt like it was lacking a certain something - the quality food to go with it. One can not doubt the authenticity of the restaurant, since all of the people serving us were Italian, but having traveled to many parts of Italy and experience to wide range of food on offer, I was left disappointed with the key element - taste. The whole dining experience was only compounded when we received the bill, it was not so much the cost - I don't mind paying for food, more how did so little be so much? On closer inspection, £9 for for olives and bread is insane - that's not even Michelin star prices. Would I return? Given I went out of my way to go to this restaurant, I doubt it. 
Ate here last night for the first (and last) time. A nice restaurant with friendly staff and good food but prices are ridiculous and plenty of hidden costs. I bought 3 drinks at the bar before being seated and was shocked at the cost, even more stunned when I noticed they had added a £1.25 service charge for serving these drinks!!! That is pure greed! 
We booked a table of 6 for lunch with our guests travelling distances to meet us. Although there is a board outside advertising a set lunch menu 
My husband and I visited this restaurant for our anniversary, we have been here on previous special occasions but unfortunately we won't be returning, we felt the food was s little bland this time and the menu has been the same for about 10 yrs now!. It's a nice restaurant but there are better value places, we had a 3 course meal and 2 diet cokes £116, I felt a bit ripped off  
I spent some time in the morning watching YouTube video's of a young Chinese cook, cooking the most amazing dishes for her family. The end result was an insatiable desire to have a Chinese meal that evening. 
First time I had a takeaway from this restaurant and I was very dissatisfied I ordered approx. 10 to 15dishes 
Today was only our second visit in many years and now we remember why: setting aside the very tired décor and the unnecessarily genteel service, this restaurant appears to have a deluded sense of self worth. Clearly the management don't bother with Trip advisor reviews , because there is a common theme running and issues surely could be addressed. 
I haven't been to this restaurant before but a friend suggested lunch after we'd wandered around the garden centre. 
My husband and I came for dinner a while ago. It immediately became clear that money talks in this restaurant because we noticed one group of affluent youngsters casually skip the queue having subtly (but not subtly enough) passed some cash to one of the staff.  
We have used this restaurant for many years and until now enjoyed excellent service and well prepared food. On this occasion the service was very average and considering the quality of food, not good value. 
We were a party of 10 and had given plenty of notice when booking. The food and table service was faultless and excellent. Unfortunately the customer interaction from the senior staff spoilt our visit. We were made aware before our visit that Sunday lunches were timed at 12.00, 2.00 and 4.00 with a 15 min leeway. Conscious that this was tight for a party of 10 we arrived during “Storm Dennis” at 11.50. Waiting outside in the rain (with others) the door opened at 11.55 but was promptly closed again after telling us that they would be opening at 12.00. The timing of the meal was entirely determined by the speed of service. We ordered two courses only, no starters or coffees. The pudding arrived at 1.50 and promptly at 2.00 I was tapped on the shoulder in the middle of eating by a senior staff member and told that the table was booked for 2.00 and we should think about vacating! A word of suggestion - if a sitting is booked for 12.00 and the doors are not opened until 12.00 the second sitting should be booked later, particularly for a larger party where ordering and service inevitably takes a longer. We felt that an excellent meal and ambience was spoilt by thoughtless senior staff and we were left with the impression that maximising income was more important than customer experience. Regrettably, we will not be back. 
Its nice to see that Croydon can hold its own and retain a Taiwan restaurant. Because Taiwanese isn't as mainstream as Chinese less people are inclined to try it and over time Taiwanese places don't last too long, the Taiwanese place at Wing Yip centre and in Bang Bang Oriental being two examples that closed down within months of opening. 
We were greeted with a friendly service by all waiters. It was a grey day and so it felt very grim in the restaurant as the windows are small, but that is the theme of the restaurant. The whole thing felt very dated. The food was not outstanding at all...again, having the look and taste of food from the late 70's early 80's. Vegetables, I agree should 
Over the last few year I have visited this restaurant many times. The restaurant itself is very dated but that could be interpreted as 'charm' and almost feels like you are going back in time (1970’s). 
The pub is very full, and therefore good fun to be in. the restaurant area to the back, in the conservatory, on a Tuesday night, was totally full. The food was expensive, and not that good. Two out of the four chaps ordered the ribeye steak, both left it unfinished. Because we had arrived 7ish we got a table in the bar area whilst we were waiting for our table in the restaurant. Next to us a party of 3 had the bar snacks, they looked good and were far more reasonably priced, we all wished we had just stayed there and not gone into the restaurant. 
Lunch with a friend, in a lovely setting by Thames. My last visit, there was table service, but that day, it appeared there was only 1 person behind the bar and you now have to order at the bar, so slow. Tables outside needed clearing, and all looked a mess. Food very pricey for a " order at bar" establishment. Wont be rushing back 
Walking in to this restaurants it's like time stood still for 30 years. I bet nothing has changed. The décor, the staff, the menu, the clientèle! The average age of the diners was at least 60. I'm not being ageist but I'm guessing the guests simply love it the way it was (is). 
This place used to be legendary I'm not sure it's as good as it once was or just every where else has got better. I wasn't blown away by the steak I had sauce far to rich & to much of it. Waiters efficient but not overly friendly. Surroundings still very pleasant. I would only rush back for the rather gorgeous waiter.  
Disappointed by the badly cooked food. Waited an unreasonably long time, despite the fact that it was a bank holiday. 5 out of 6 meals were not freshly served. One was actually burnt. I suspect one meal was forgotten and the others were then overcooked waiting for that one. When we complained they didn't charge for the burnt meal but they could have managed the whole situation much better. 
We went on Sunday for a lunch with couple of friends . Location is great and in the summer it is lovely to sit outside. Food was ok but nothing special to be honest. I had the chicken dish with mozzarella and bacon in BBQ sauce and sweet potato fries. The fries were over done and the the peas tasted of beef which was weird.  
We had had a drink here several times but not had a meal. However we took a chance and decide to take our friends here for a Saturday night dinner. We were dismayed that our meals took an hour to arrive despite the place not being that busy when we placed our order. To be fair, when the food arrived we were happy with our choices, and the setting is lovely, but the long wait for food rather spoilt the experience. 
Having lived in Walton all my life I haven't actually been back to the Anglers for about 15 years. We always go to the Swan next door but unfortunately they were closed so thought we'd give the Anglers a go. 
I ordered a small caesar salad with grilled salmon. Unfortunately the salmon was so salty I could not eat it and I also discovered a black hair in my bowl. The small salad was £6.50 and the portion was a very small. I thought it was very expensive and definitely not good value for money. The salmon of course was an additional £6 and consisted of about 8 small pieces. There was quite a bit of food left in my dish yet no one bothered to inquire whether or not there was a problem. The decor was lovely but I would definitely not go back. 
Tucked away in a 'gated' road (with a barrier) it is best to visit this pub on foot and there is no convenient parking. A covered back yard is called a conservatory and is quite comfortable but not good for acoustics, 
From the hosts to the wait staff. This place needs a shake up. Didn't even finish our meal. Paid the bill. Got up and left. I removed Zuma from the list of places I would dine with friends, family or business bcoz of this experience. Sadly, NY and Dubai locations still remain one of my favorite spots.  
I have been here quite a few times before and unfortunately each time I go it gets a little bit worse. Although the staff are always extremely friendly and entertaining the food just isn't great. The last time I went the crispy duck and noodles were dry and the chips were burnt. The other dishes don't really have much flavour. 
Been a couple of times here, friendly staff but place is very cramped and noisy. Food was ok first time but second meal, Sunday roast at 6ish, was disappointing. The choice of roast was no choice cos they had no chicken or pork so your roast was beef or nothing. And came out tepid, so sent back for a heat up, still lukewarm. Shame cos it was a nice bit of beef. To be fair, when we pointed this out at the end of the meal, with much uneaten, they did not charge for that plate. But I think they need to up their game, seems like trying to cram too many covers in and quality suffers. 
On our recent trip home to London I organized a day for my sister, Mum and I to go for Lunch at Zuma in Knightsbridge in between wedding dress shopping appointments. Zuma is a firm family favorite with us all loving Japanese food it was an easy choice as well as being conveniently close to our final afternoon appointment. I should say that i live in Dubai and frequent Zuma (I favor it over other 'big named' Japanese Restaurants). Being familiar with the menu we ordered usual suspects such as black cod, sashimi, yellowtail, sesame spinach, tempura prawns and quite a bit more ... everything we as expected delicious and arrived at our table in a timely fashion. The buzz in the restaurant was as you would expect a busy weekday service in London, Loud but not unpleasant. All seems fine however the service was appalling! It was a good 20 minutes after ordering 2 glasses of wine and one prosecco until we got our drinks (we had to ask twice where they were) and we got a rather off-hand shoulder shrug from our waiter this was sadly the sort of attitude we experience the whole lunchtime when ordering, food being delivered etc. Finally at the end of the meal we got an apology from what I presume to be the general manager but frankly it put a bad taste in our mouths on what was supposed to be a special occasion. All-in-all the food was good but the attitude of staff at Zuma is just 'off-hand', aloof and a little rude at times. It is a shame as customer service makes such a difference especially with the saturated restaurant market place these days there is always other options to sway custom!  
I have been to London Zuma several times it is a very buzzing restaurant, the food is inventive, fresh and delicious, service is very professional, my only criticism is about the wagyu-beef which is supposed to be exceptional as an expensive signature dish, but far from being exceptional its unpleasantly and extremely fatty, what a shame for such top-notch restaurant!  
The food menu is quite short , but the standard is higher than average. However the wine list is hopeless, with a chardonnay from the Loire ,[eccentric and poor], and the inevitable 
I love this pub, especially its stunning garden. That is the reason why I chose it to celebrate my special big 0 birthday with nine of my best pals and booked two tables well in advance. But how frustrating was to wait and wait for someone to serve our table and take our drinks order.  
Good variety of choices - well prepared and friendly service. Have eaten in there and often used it for take-away, Can get very busy. 
Very tasty food I've had a take away twice now and can't fault the flavours however I was really disappointed with the portion sizes. The first takeaway the containers were not full no way near in fact but the food tasted good. 
Lovely spot right on the river. Beautiful in the summer, very picturesque. 
We’ve been here before and had a really good experience. We decided to come today after a walk in the park. We hadn’t booked and were told the likelihood of getting a table was low because people would be ‘hanging on’ to watch England v Wales. After seeing quite a few people leave I enquired again and I felt we were grudgingly given a table with a warning that the food would take a while due to busy kitchen which was fine but it took around an hour between ordering and food arriving. Steak ordered medium was very very pink even after sending back but we did get a discount for this. It was extremely busy and I do have sympathy for all staff but there feels like a lack of management- toilets had variously lack of t paper, light, fixed seat. It just feels less ‘proper’ than it used to- I hope it’s better soon. 
It was a beautiful autumn day and we decided to have lunch on the river. Not been to the Anglers for ages but as they had a lunch special we thought we would give it a try. Unfortunately they could not get the basic right, here is a catalogue of the issues: 
Read reviews and we were looking forward to some tasty thai food. Tom Kha Het was ok as was the Massaman curry although I have never had one before with silver skin onions in it! The steamed Seabass although cooked beautifully was lacking any flavour at all. Overall disappointing for us. My husband lived in Thailand for 14 years and this sadly is not authentic thai food. 
Wagyu burger for £15.50 excluding fries was dry, tough and seriously overcooked.  
Had christmas day lunch here with eight people at £85 per head plus drinks, so for that you would have expected to be offered a glass of cheap fizz on arrival to get into the christmas spirit but no, nothing was offered so we ordered drinks from the bar. The atmosphere was also pretty dire with no christmas music playing.  
This is a lovely pub. The garden is great, loads of space for kids and dogs, but the food is so basic. I would have given this review a 2 out of 5, but decided the garden deserved a point. 
Having looked at some reviews we were a bit dubious, however on a Sunday lunch visit we were pleasantly surprised with the food. 
There are many great pub choices in Richmond but not quite sure about this one. Food was of mixed quality: my friend’s order of ribs looked great, but my « portobello and goat cheese » burger turned out as « portobello and a slice of charcoaled tasteless something... » with also disappointing bland fries... service was BAU, basic and impersonal... 
Spent a lot on a takeaway that was very average after recommendation. Satay was dry and not very spicey, masaman curry supposed to be spicey had a runny sauce , chewy meat and soggy potatoes 
We read the reviews and decided to eat here. Not disappointed, nice food that was clearly home cooked. It was busy - testament to the product on offer. It did seem though as one room of the Pub was being sub-let. Drinks (and boy where they expensive!) had to be bought and paid for in the pub, food in the food area. The day we ate, a band was performing in the room next door. Not so good if you wanted to chat. The night we visited, there was only one waiter - service consequently was slow. 
Food was ok not to my preference, I don't think it's good for those who eat Indian food regularly and know how certain curries should taste. The service is fantastic I just wish the currys had a more authentic taste. Don't get me wrong it's not terrible it was ok . Price wise costs were fair for the name of the dish but for me the quality was not there 
I would say this place is 'good' but but definitely not outstanding. The chicken satay starters were very good but the PED KI–MOW (fried crispy duck with lemongrass, chilli and kaffir lime leaves) was greasy and had some very chewy bits of fat in the dish. My partner had the green chicken curry which was more yellow than green and lacked sufficient flavour. 
Came here on my sons request for his birthday. Never been before and won't rush back. The best thing was the staff. Very friendly. Pub was a bit grotty. Food was average. Came out in stages, so it was a case of either waiting for it all, then the first dishes were cold or eating it as it came out! My son comes here regularly and assures me it's normally better than this. If I wanted a Thai meal I can think of other places I would prefer to go. 
We live locally and like the location of the pub, lovely views, nice decor etc - it should be so good. It has changed management a while back so we thought we would give it another go. We had a table for quite late lunchtime, the service was fairly welcoming however when we ordered food they took our order and then came back to explain that the food would be a 45 minute wait. We decided to wait because there was nowhere else we could go at that time and guarantee a table. Sure enough the food took 45 minutes! In term of what we had (various permutations of sunday roast) the quality was pretty good and portions were good size (childrens portion was virtually an adult size). When we decided to order dessert agin took our order and then came back and said there was a 15-20 mins wait. We asked for the childrens order to come out and decided against anything else. This kitchen problem has seemed to haunt this pub regardless of who runs it - there must be something wrong in the size/ capacity of the kitchen. So in summary great place for a drink, but if you want food be prepared to wait (and perhaps have a snack before you arrive ) 
Used to be a major regular with myself, family and friends. Unfortunately, recently the past 3 visits in/take away has really shown the lack of quality they once had. The flavour has changed and they no longer give out the complimentary poppodum! after being a customer of theirs for over 3 years. So, I've decided to leave. They used to serve great tasting, good quality food, but when you change to cut corners, you lose (loyal) customers.  
Quite friendly pub with restaurant. A hidden understated gem at the top of Richmond Hill. Nicely decorated beer garden great for family and friends to get together and enjoy great food and drinks at reasonable prices. Been there previously and enjoyed the evening. On this occasion got there on Saturday around 5pm and stayed till closing. The staff Vinny and Tom were friendly and took care of our table but a little disappointed with the drinks, the service was a little slow and they ran out Peroni, Malibu and Jack Daniels. Being Saturday surely they should have been prepared and well stocked for the week end.  
We popped in for lunch on a Friday. It was quiet. Had same main course Hu ters Chicken which we enjoyed and had good service and as it was a lunchtime special was only £7. Had a rhubarb crumble and mini creme brillet which were very nice. 
buffet budget night - sun. £11 for pretty much all you can eat and you wont eat it all unless you have teenage boys with you! food arrived swiftly, hot and tasty. very helpful staff who prepared a non-asian dish (requested in advance). staff were very efficient and obviously were very famililar with regular customers.friendly and very pleasant. nothing was too much trouble for them to cater for our table of 10. would recommend. 
We had booked a table for 3.  
The pub was recently redecorated and looks absolutely great inside. We stopped there for drinks on Saturday and liked it very much inside to decided to book a table for Sunday lunch next day.  
Many years ago this was a regular stop on my bike rides down the towpath, 
I visited the Marlborough for a Sunday lunch along with my family. The other four meals were good Sunday roasts but the vegan meal that I had was disappointing. I ordered the cheese nut roast with mushroom sauce and Yorkshire pudding. 
No surprise as it’s positioned on the river Thames, this is a great summer pub. Although the outside is very big so get there early whenever the sun is out.  
Service is very slow! It’s a nice pub to go to in the summer and they do great food, but be prepared to wait a long time to be served!  
I’ve been coming regularly for a few years now, always hopeful it will one day click into place. Sadly, the wait goes on. The food remains average and whilst the staff are always pleasant, they are (with the exception of the manager), painfully slow and too busy checking their iPhones to notice when someone is gasping for their next drink! Wonderful location though so in the summer it’s worth the other disappointments. 
We had our hopes up since the recent renovation so stepped in for dinner with the family . The outside of the pub looks a bit bland all in the same green colour - we felt they could of made it look prettier considering the lovely detailing of the building itself . 
The marlborough is a nice pub. It has good drink, nice friendly staff, but the food - well its ok, but its not exceptional, its adequate / average for a gastro pub but it needs to be better.... 
An excellent garden, not too busy. The food was hit and miss... 'parts of it were excellent'. Did not experience slowness.in the service. Food ice cream. We 'll return on the winter for trying the cost interior.  
As we live in Walton, it's a good go to place when people come to visit.  
We visited The Nuntana Thai at the Royal George in Hersham having moved to the area recently and based on some of the rave reviews on Trip Advisor, 'best Thai ever' etc etc. Without doubt, the service from a wonderfully smiley and gracious Thai gentleman is truly outstanding, he's a delight, however the bar staff are 'slow', I waited at an empty bar to be served whilst one of the young chaps chatted to a friend and eventually had to be nudged by his colleague to get to it! I also ordered one of the nicest wines on the menu and it was warm, so we had to wait 10mins for our first glass whilst it chilled in a bucket of ice. I'm a real stickler for dodgy carpets in pubs that retain the smell of a few pints and wet dogs and this is one of those! If you've ever visited Thailand or a similar example of a 'Thai in a pub', the Norbiton Dragon in Kingston-upon-Thames for example, then this will disappoint. I ordered the Thai Green Curry, my Sister the Duck curry & friends other dishes. Honestly, the food is very average, ok after a few pints I imagine, but nothing to write home about! That said, the Thai gentleman's demeanor was memorable, he's the star of the show for sure. Wouldn't rush back for the curry though! 
Not bad at all for a local pub but not worth travelling to. The service is great, very friendly & relaxed atmosphere. Not particularly cheap for a Thai, similar to reasonable Thai restaurant prices. Very large authentic menu. Spring rolls nice, chicken satay slightly tough, duck curry had a lot of fat but flavour was lovely, Beef Massaman was good but had better. The restaurant area is on the left as you enter, separate from the pub area, which works. For those living in Hersham or Rydens area of Walton, filling a gap in the market in our area for sure. 
Been here many times. Lovely garden, efficient staff. I just don't like feeling like I've been ripped off with the food (and drinks are very expensive too). Cheese on the burger is horrible, orange "plastic". Triple cooked chips are deep fried, frozen, once cooked. At £5 per portion works out about 50p per chip. Could be so much better. How hard is it to cook a chip from scratch? 
Our local in Walton-On-Thames is the Walton Village. The two managers, a Liverpool couple, are experienced and always there making sure the place is safe and well run.  
Lovely location next to River Thames with spectacular views of houses and boats. Cheaper than Swan next door and lunch time deals offered. He to wait long time for food. One order of lasagne was totally burnt and had to be sent back. No more lasagne was available so scamp was ordered. Husband had already eaten his food by now! Eventually after ordering original food, 1 hour later, a very dried scamp was produced.  
It was nice food, beautifully presented but we felt it was a little overpriced for what it was - £14 for a burger...but I've had better burgers...and it only came with chips - no coleslaw, etc. 
Went there with friends the place was packed ,large garden, we only went for drinks,some of our friends ordered food,14£ for a burger £29.50for a steak,£5. chips its a pub charging,restaurant prices, and I had to pay £30.30 for a bottle of prosecco £5 a pint of amstell,so expensive, then at 10.30 they hassle you to go indoors,dead on 11 last orders,then hassling you again to leave, not impressed,service slow ,will not return,  
Went back to this chinese restaurant after a couple of years for My Birthday with My wife the food at the time was very tasty but the portions are very small even though you can reorder as it is all you can eat the ribs you get are 4 very small sesame prawn toast 4 very small pieces the wan tom soup was very dark in colour main dishes tasted very nice the next day my Wife& I had very bad upset stomach which lasted for 3 days I am not sure if it was the food as we had not had anything that day except in the restaurant but will not return 
Food has improved in recent months, locals do go here but do be mindful of Friday/Saturday night charver clientele. Huge beer garden and not a fan of the faux grass, feel sorry for the poor neighbours. All said it’s good enough 
The place is really nice... Huge garden.. Is really busy and unfortunately we had to wait for at least an hour for our mains... service to slow although friendly and attentive.. our waitress (don't know her name but she had short brown hair and a really nice smile) she was really polite but seemed that she was running a lot... Big shame... seems that you actually need more staff... the bar staff had no idea what a v.a.t receipt is.. we asked for double vodka and a double shipsmith and we paid 21£..!! Have to say thought... if you are really really patient the food is really nice.. a bit expensive but nice... 
This is a good venue for a family gathering or such, the choice is wide and the place is nice. My only issue is that at busy time the wait is long between courses (an hour). It a friendly bar and the people are helpful but the service is slow. 
If you book at The Marlborough, check which dining room you are booked into. Do not book in recently renovated back dining room. We booked for a table of four and went as it was my birthday and my local but it took 20 minutes to get drinks at the table of four. We were placed on a table between two reserved tables for groups of eight and it was a nightmare as our tables were so close together, my hearing and a member of my party's hearing had real problems - I probably sounded like shouting and I am not deaf! After an additional 30 minutes plus waiting for our main courses and despite ordering trout - my mum's food looked like salmon- even the waitress wasn't sure and had to check, the main courses arrived after the two groups next to us had been served! After our main course, we ordered desserts, took another 30 minutes to arrive. We arrived at 7.20pm and left at 10.20pm having had two courses. Will go again for lunch as Emma (a server who me and my 10-11 year old niece have dealt with for Sunday lunch - as only being employed there for 3 weeks was) was so helpful for lunch. but not for dinner. 
The service was excellent, the food was fresh and light (not heavy handed with the oil) but lacked flavour and was not up to my liking...it taste a little bland. I will try this restaurant one more time and try the seafood dishes etc as I’m uncertain as it stands 
Went there for Sunday Lunch. Filled the stomach. Everything average. Pity they did not have apple crumple or sticky toffee pudding on the menu. Would have made a difference 
This is a clean and tidy pub set in a delightful location overlooking the Thames at Walton on Thames. On a warm, sunny day nothing can beat sitting on their benches right by the riverside. However, the benches are very uncomfortable and there is no designated parking area so you're taking pot luck. We have always been fortunate to find parking, just. The burgers and fries are very respectable, although not outstanding, but the fish, on the 2 occasions I visited there, smelt distinctly off, but there were no complaints. Here is yet another bar/ pub where; a) I am told that I should have cucumber with my Hendricks gin even though I particularly asked for sliced lemon and a LITTLE ice; b) the glass is filled to excess with ice and thus dilutes the gin and does not permit a full bottle of tonic to be added; and c) in my opinion it is a fad and contributes NOTHING to the flavour when I specifically asked for lemon What happened to "the customer is ALWAYS right"? They really should replace those ghastly picnic benches outside with proper tables and chairs. I imagine sitting on them for a full course meal would be agonising. 
Used to go a lot when it was the slug and lettuce many years back decided to visit one friday which was empty about 6 other people apart from a party going on upstairs. Cost over £5 for a glass of 175ml house wine and £34 for a bottle of prosseco!  
I have been here many times so my review is not born out of one visit, but many. The pub has a really good location on the riverside with some well covered tables outside right on the riverbank and when the sun is out, it´s a fine spot to spend a Sunday afternoon. The interior is just as good, quite large so plenty of room. Plenty of nice beers to choose from such as Cornish ales from the Rock brewery on tap, and not Doom Bar!! I had a very nice pint of Atlantic. Wine was also great, nice and cold. So, for a lunchtime beer, it´s great. There is also an extensive food menu at good prices. When I have eaten there, the food has always been lovely and well presented. As a result of the location, be prepared for dogs and kids. It is sad to say then, that what makes this a three star and not a four or five star is the quality of the service. Everybody there, both behind the bar and front of house are always polite and there is never a problem with them being rude etc, but they simply aren´t attentive enough, there aren´t enough of them and there are way too slow to react, particulary when sitting outside. The place is run almost entirely by a very young group of people who seem to be lacking the experience of a Manager who can keep his foot up their backsides. I waited too long to be served, was brought the wrong drink, and then on the next round saw one of my friends drinks not brought at all. Some staff are not dressed in a uniform making it hard to tell who is staff and who are customers and the amount of time we had to wait for our plates to be cleared was totally unacceptable. This place would easily be a five star pub if someone could shake the staff into speeding up and noticing when customers need something, rather than waiting to be asked. They just need to wake up a bit. Despite that, it is a nice riverside pub, without doubt. 
Visited with a few friends... The drinks are pricey but I suppose it is catering for the local residents. On first look there isn't much space however there is a separate seating area toward the back and the garden area is very large indeed. The food quality is good but it is lacking in choice.. they maybe have 8 mains, and therefore only 2 vegetarian options. Most of the staff seemed friendly the guys behind the bar where nice enough, our waitress who I belive was eastern European was lovely however there is one shortish English female member of staff who isn't very welcoming/helpful/friendly at all, easy to spot as she is going(trying) for the "hipster" look.  
We went to The Marlborough today to celebrate our friend's birthday. The atmosphere is amazing, great deco and it makes us feel like going back at summer to enjoy the garden, which is beautiful. However the food wasn't good at all, over fried chips, old oil, cold burgers and my fish and chips was left on the plate. Maybe next time will be better.  
Ok it's a pub and the beer was good, food ok, really don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. Staff are nice people. Location good, so go and enjoy a pint.! 
The food was incredible, so big thumbs up to the Chefs. The melted camembert and herbs was out of this world. But if you asked me if I'd go there again, I'd have to say no. The service was just a joke. It was like being in Faulty Towers. 10pm on a Saturday night and we haven't even ordered deserts and they go; "sorry you can't have a coffee as we've turned off the coffee machine'. After much prodding they eventually relented and agreed to turn it back on but it would take 10 to 15 minutes. Really 10pm on a Saturday!? Whilst this was going on they would taking all the furniture from the outside area in and turned the lights on full blast. Pretty clear the staff just wanted to go home. The bar staff are less than useless. Slow, rude, rolling eyes, slamming drinks down on table. I swear I could have served two pints and two g&t's 4 times faster than the guy behind the bar. Chefs you're being let down big time because of the staff. Sort them out. I've given it three stars simply because I'd give the food 5 and the service one, so in the middle, but I wouldn't go back here even though the food was so good. Just not worth the crap service. 
The two of us walked in on a Saturday evening without booking and got a table which was a nice surprise. The decor and atmosphere is very pleasant and the service very good. Our food was excellent and the prices were normal, however the wine is expensive. What is weird is that when you order a bottle of wine, they do not open the wine at the table. They just bring the bottle already opened, which makes you wonder if the wine is new or even what was ordered. It was not just our table, it was others too. They lost a star for that. 
We were a bit dissapointed with this restaurant, had a long wait for our food and then it was not very hot. 
I was having an evening meal with two colleagues. We were told we could order our food in the garden, so we took a table in the garden. Staff appeared to be walking round with iPads to take orders. Some how they missed us as I saw two groups that arrived after us have their orders taken before us. 
The food here is lovely but the place itself is a mess. For the amount they charge for drinks and food you would think they'd make some kind of effort with the decor. Managers past and present talk of a refurb but it is yet to materialise. Everything has a kick mark and just looks generally in need of a refurb. Avoid in the summer it's like someone's kicked an ants nest. Staff clearly hate it too. They just look shattered and fed up. I am a local not a fairweather customer. 
My wife, daughter and I decided following the refurbishment that we would give this pub another chance. The improvements are good as it is a stylish venue with a lot of space particularly in the garden for the children (not a place for a quiet drink!). 
Helpful staff, good food but service was slow both drinks- quicker to get drinks from bar yourself- and food- around 45 minutes. Restaurant was not very busy when we sat down just past noon. Children's portions were ridiculously small. Burger was adequate for the 2 year old. The small piece of fish was greeted with 'You have got to be kidding!' The staff brought another couple of pieces of fish without prompting. Strangely the portion of fries with the meals was proportional for a child's menu. 
I took clients to this restaurant this evening and was totally mortified by the service. One had to wait an age for any kind of assistance, be it pre-dinner drinks, food orders or even just securing another bottle of water. As for the wait between main course and pudding, I would have renounced on further engagement but for the fact I was with clients. The food and drink are very good, but cannot I am afraid make up for the way you are served. Maybe there is such high demand for the tables that the management do not care how they deal with customers. I for one will never return. Final insult was the interminable wait for the bill with a hefty service charge added to the bill! So in conclusion, if you can bear being ignored by the waiters, certainly go for the food. I will not do so again! 
popped in for a burger and a pint as previous experience was good but was disappointed as the dry buns let down the experience.........schoolboy! 
We visited this pub on a Saturday. The staff were friendly and attentive and we ordered from their Brunch menu. We ordered the cooked breakfast at £9.95 and the vegetarian cooked breakfast at £8.95. However, when they arrived, we found the portion sizes rather small, for the prices charged. The cooked breakfast consisted of 1 fried egg, 1 small sausage, 1 narrow rasher of bacon, half a grilled tomato, approx 7 mushrooms, a small potato rosti, an approx tablespoon of baked beans and what appeared to be around a quarter of a slice of bread, toasted. I cannot fault the cooking and everything tasted nice, but I think it is definitely over priced for the portion size.  
I'm writing this as a chef..so im being constructive here. 
Good location by Thames with riverside seating for drinks and food. Food slightly on the expensive side for area, however appears popular venue. 
Not a bad little boozer. Drinks are average prices. Didn't have a main meal but the snack I had was okay. Not much else to say really. I would recommend it and world go again.  
pro: 
Eaten here twice in recent months. Food nicely presented but small portions for amount charged. We don't like big plates of food but £16 for a charcuterie sharing board ( 4 slices ham, 2 small slices cheese, a small bowl of pickles & 2 slices of toast) feels excessive. Likewise I ordered a veggie salad as a main course and it was more of a starter size portion at £11. Lovely outdoor seating ate and great ambience for a drink but in future will skip the food.  
As a neighbour noted - it's worth going to the re-vamped Marlborough at least once to see for yourself the ridiculous uniforms the staff has been made to wear. 
I went here for the first Time last week the staff and manager were extremely friendly and helpful and really couldn't do enough after a slight confusion about whether sweet potato chips were available to order on the side, I ordered a dinner size portion of the feta cheese salad . My friend ordered the salmon which looked very appetising and she enjoyed However my salad consisted of tiny pieces of Fetter which in total probably accounted for 2 teaspoons wealth and the remaining platter was three or four tomatoes and a few sprinkled leaves . Whilst this was sufficient for my appetite it was however disappointing for the price of around £13 
Good selection of beers but disappointed with dinner menu so did not eat here. Nice as has tables right on the River Thames 
The outside was lovely !! By the river with the swans but inside very run down and crack in floor board my shoe got stuck in !!  
We booked a special celebration spring lunch at The Marlborough. They had a fantastic garden at the back with tables and gazebos for parties - we had a lovely time and service was great. The food was good but not amazing, I had the Chicken Kiev which was a little dry. Great banana and toffee dessert. We would definitely go back - for the atmosphere if nothing else. 
Stopped here for lunch . Choice of brunch or a la carte menu . Sat outside in the sun by the river. 10 minute wait for order to be taken and another 35 min wait for food to arrive. Bread and dipping oil arrived with cutlery ,cruet and drink whilst we were waiting We had ordered The Anglers Breakfast and Eggs Benedict which when it arrived was fine but both meals could have been hotter and my husband felt the portion for a traditional breakfast was a little meagre.  
Went by myself the other day for a quick lunch. Considering my background is in hospitality and the status of the restaurant, I must share how disappointed I felt.  
I had high hopes after reading the reviews, but frankly found the food pleasant enough but not memorable, dare I say it a tad bland, the Biryani lacked the depth and complexity of flavour of others. Not bad, but nothing special. 
Location is great, just a shame that a barge is moored along the seating area, spoiling the view. The barge was there for most of last summer and is back now - I assume some of the staff are staying there. Food is limited and a little of on the expensive site same with drinks - but it is really the location you pay for 
We had a premium tasting menu (124 £) to celebrate a double family birthday. We had booked in advance specifying “tasting menu”. The table was available for 2:30 hours. While the food was divine, tasty, delicate, varied with the best of the best dishes (only the mushrooms were a bit disappointing). Yet, the experience was for us to be rushed through the dishes, so we could leave the table on time. We didn’t even finish discovering and enjoying a dish that the next one was on the table with not enough place to even put them there, and so on. While the waiters were very competent and kind, the rhythm for a tasting menu felt counter productive and we could have done with 30 minutes more, easily. A blast for our palate but given the bill, we left frustrated and would recommend Zuma’s management to allow a different timing for tasting menus to really enjoy what could have been really unique!  
Unbelievable views of London. Food was good but not first class as you would expect from a restaurant of this nature. Would go once but not sure if I would go again. Have been to Zuma in Dubai and found the food superior to London 
This pub with fantastic garden at the back has now been refurbished to a really great standard. Not only child and dog friendly it has an adults only area too 
Good menu, a little pricey - but eye watering expensive drinks , good atmosphere with river side seating and cosy log fire inside in the winter 
Beautiful pub especially the garden was amazing! Big chessboard and also areas for adults only. Very busy. Staff were nice. I did ask for a drink and waited for a long time as the waiter had forgotten. Very excited for a roast but we were all pretty disappointed when it came. A few very small roast potatoes, very little veg which was cold and not much meat. I have to say the roast was very minimal and I was left hungry. A shame as the tastes were nice. When shown the dessert menu I was also disappointed as it seems all a little too fancy and not a traditional pudding insight which was another shame. 
Love food always top quality taste is fantastic ,just to managing staff are bit fake will recommend definitely 
The interior and garden are great, although very limited space inside (not their fault though). Food is generally pretty good but the service is SO hit and miss. Sometimes just awful, like they're there just for themselves.  
I like this pub, always good service and you never have to wait to get served. The food is ok, maybe little pricey. 
In short, over-rated. Yes. I apologize if I'm going to be brutal here. But I think Asian cuisine in Europe is a total failure.  Ok, that's not true too.. I'm not going to be that crass either... I haven't given a chance to every chef specializing in Asian cuisine in Europe just yet to showcase what they've got,  but so far, so far... it has not impressed me. 
Is a pub, normal so, normal food, but great surprise: you will never guess from the street that both the internal room and the garden are so nice, warm and enjoyable. 
I've been here many times over the years. It's great in the huge garden for drinks but isn't quite there with the food. I think they've over stuffed the garden with tables, there's barely any room between them and they could do with more staff on a busy Sunday lunchtime. 
The setting is very nice, great garden with good seating for alfresco dining, has a slight South African feel to it. We started with the bbq prawns £8 for 3, not great as originally frozen and then bbq'd to oblivion. The steak was good , well cooked and full of flavour but it was £25. When I asked for some Dijon mustard they didn't have any which Is not great if you are a 'gastro' pub charging £25 for a main. The wine list is good and prices are reasonable by local standards. Service was very good and the new manageress was keen to hear honest feedback which is encouraging. Overall it needs to do better to justify the relatively high prices.  
The Marlborough has been a regular haunt but not anymore  
A lovely spot by the river ruined only by the stupidity of the waitress. I asked if they had freshly sqeezed orange juice and was told they did. When the synthetic carton stuff arrived I thought it was just a mistake. I asked what happened to the fresly sqeezed OJ and was told that this was the fresh OJ they have at the bar. She then walked off but I called her back and asked if I could have another drink. I ordered ginger beer so was surprised when a bitter Lemmon arrived. My girlfriend took it to the waitress who said 'it says bitterlemmon' which clearly she genuinely thought was the same as ginger beer! The bill came with the charge for OJ included... No tip 
Without unnecessarily wanting to come across uncouth, this establishment only suits a certain type. The type of people that appreciate a surly waiter, the waiters surly because they feel it is the only way to connect with the clientele.  
We had lunch in the outside seating area which has a wonderful view of the river. Service was a bit slow, food wasn't great and I felt the food was overpriced for the quality we got.  
Unfortunately this venue has become a haunt of local mothers (word used even though they display no actual care about their children). They arrive early evening of their chats and let there young children run around the pub, noisily, and dangerously to themselves. No one stops them, and worse of all the so called mothers sit there oblivious to what is going on. Pity the children in the future - and pity anyone who has to try and have a conversation whilst this is going on. 
Stopped in for an ale with my wife, used to be 3.5-4 GBP, I was a bit shocked when they said 5.05 GBP for a pint. Lots better places to go in Richmond. 
We had the premium tasting menu and the food started off being delivered fast. The foods quality was fantastic, but the portion sizes were much smaller than the last time we visited a few years ago and the price was increased on this occasion. The only other downside we had (hence the three stars) is that whilst our waitress was very nice and attentive she spoke very fast with a foreign accent and we had no idea what we were eating as it was very difficult to understand her. A written menu for what we had ordered would have overcome this, but there was not one. We did both have the Japanese Penicillin cocktails which were out of this world and would highly recommend. 
Had lunch at this pub which is in a lovely setting right by the river and lovely when the weather is good. However was very disappointed with the quality of the food which was not nearly as good as previous visits. We ordered scallops; mussels and a pear and walnut salad and the scallops were tiny or cut up and smothered in a cheesy sauce in a shell on a bed of salt !! very overpriced and tasteless. The mussels not too bad but after having wonderful moules mariner in Swanage a couple of weeks ago they didn't compare and again quite expensive. The salad was also mediocre no dressing etc so very disappointed with our lunch, not sure if I got a large wine it wasn't as large as most I have so I doubt we will be returning for a while, shame as the service was very good and a nice touch with complimentary bread with oil and balsamic.. 
We joined family at the anglers for lunch on Saturday. The weather as good and the place was as remembered having eaten here many times before. 
As a Richmond local I've taken my time to find the Marlborough. Went last night with friends and was amazed but the Tardis-like size and the huge beer garden. Menu looked great and the atmosphere was excellent.  
We had lunch on a warm Sunday afternoon in the garden and the experience has been really positive! We didn’t have a lot of expectations as most of the reviews say that the food is bad, however or chicken + fries was ok. Service needs big improvements, you guys could make much more money in terms of drinks, desserts & tips if you could take care of your tables! 
I really hope Marlborough management is reading this review. 
Lovely pub near Richmond park with comfy sofas and perfect to drop into after a walk. Admittedly they focus their Sunday efforts on lunch with roasts galore which by all accounts are rather good, however Mrs B and I had a very average dinner ... the rib eye steak was not up to the standard that I have had in other similar pubs nearby and this was complemented by sides of vegetables being forgotten with Mrs B's main. Will give it another shot as they serve a nice selection of beers, but think that if we walk in and the staff look tired as they have been rushed off their feet all sunday then we will have a quick pint and nip next door to good earth and get a takeaway 
The food wasn't extraordinary but good. Good service and great quintessential pub atmosphere. And the location is very nice as well. 
We love popping up the hill to this cosy pub. We initially discovered it in the winter months and I had no idea they even had a garden. Then summer came. Wow, what extensive land and a huge number of tables they have out the back. 
Went to Le Bon for breakfast and it was ok. Ingredients were of a basic standard and not special. At least the price matched. 
Great stuff always good and enjoyable good value . Good coffee friendly staff and cab pre order big for those breakfast meetings at work 
Does great brekkie. Go there when u r Hank and order the le Bon big break fast. That will sort you out for the day. Only thing I will say is that mushrooms let the breakfast down as they are tinned mushrooms. 
Service and ambience is good but the food is pricey and there is little veggie options and what there is is not great. Will not be going back in a hurry. 
We ate here as a family of 4 (two adults & two teenagers) having booked several weeks in advance for a 9pm sitting. This was out second visit - the previous time being about a year ago. First of all, the food was once again absolutely incredible.  
On a chilly evening we sat under the canvas for our dinner and it wasn't the warmest experience. The food was acceptable, but no more than that, but fortunately the service was great. Not bad, but you wouldn't make a special visit 
Disappointed that the 'traditional' breakfast served turkey bacon without stating so on the menu. The food was well cooked but the only indication that it wasn't real bacon was the Halal symbol in Arabic in the corner of the menu. I didn't notice this before ordering, when the food arrived I discovered it was serving Turkey bacon and presumably non pork sausages. It should be labelled as such on the menu. Or it should not be labelled as a traditional breakfast! 
Excellent value but the eggs with hollandaise sauce was a little disappointing. There wasn't much sauce and it wasn't hot enough. There were half a dozen of us having a meeting, and the staff got confused about who had ordered what. I don't have any complaints and may well go back if I'm in the area, but I won't make a detour to go there. 
Went for Sunday Family breakfast....staff were friendly, food good but not spectacular. 
Food was ok, average. Reasonable salad at a reasonable cost, £5. Staff not very friendly which was a shame. Service matters! 
Had better, but couldn't complain.  
We visited today with few colleagues after another afternoon tea in Covent Garden .  
Great food and a great ambience but out of all the places we have been during covid that place does not seem to get in. Some staff not wearing masks, front welcome too close, lack of signage for one way sysyem. Really really poor. They shoukd visit other restaurants and get some tips. Really felt unsafe. But great food.  
I've been to Sticks n Sushi several times, and was always impressed by the overall experience - Quality of the fish/food, services, ambiance. So, I was excited to go there for lunch yesterday with a friend of mine as a treat. On this occasion I was disappointed. The food was very average. I've had better at other Japanese restaurants where the bill has been considerably less, and the service was poor. When we said we didn't want to pay the service charge. The server challenged us, and then said he'd have to speak to his manager making us feel uncomfortable. When he returned, he barely looked at us, obviously deciding he wasn't going to even try and put any effort in now that we weren't going to tip. 
This was our second visit to Zuma and, as with the first visit, the food was excellent - both the sushi and the hot food. Service was also very efficient and reasonably friendly. Yes, it is very expensive but, for most of us, somewhere you go for a special occasion, so we think it's worth the money. 
Great little place going down hill, on a cold winters morning I was served breakfast on a freezing cold plate, the bacon and toast were stone cold, the egg was luke warm and the sausage chips and beans were warm, why serve it on a freezing plate, ruined the breakfast. I know they can do better, but this time was a let down. 
Only for post work drinks mid week but good service and clean - nice and spacious and most tables spread out as well - def good for a couple of Vinod post work mid week  
O’Neils in Beckenham opposite the rail station is worth a visit. Although lacking on the real ales front I visited a couple of weeks ago and they were serving Sharps Pale Ale, a lovely drop of beer. The atmosphere was friendly, and despite constant background music there are a few places to sit and enjoy a conversation. 
I have crustaceous allergy and when I communicate that to the waitress, he talked with the chef and basically my options were 0. They were not able to do any effort to prepare my food separately, even if I wanted to each beef. No sushi roles, nothing.  
I like the idea and style, and staff are very helpful, but a bit too pricey for no more than at best average food.  
After seeing all the reviews I was thrilled to visit. Vivian was wonderful.... however after his shift finished our experience went downhill. No one asked in the 90 mins after he left if we were okay, neither did they top up our “unlimited prosecco” we had to ask three times for that, and no offer on the tea options. We didn’t pay the service charge. The sandwiches were strange and tasteless.  
I've always ordered the Man Food dish which has always been to die for!! It's what kept me coming back. It's now been renamed to Robust, the meats have been changed and it's cooked differently. It wasnt very enjoyable at all which is really disappointing. Not sure I wanna go back anymore 
Out for a weeknight evening with a friend and after a couple of glasses of wine we decided to order food. I had an ultimate all day breakfast off the normal menu (not breakfast menu), and at £8.49 for 3 sausages, 2 bacon, 2 fried eggs, tomato, beans, mushroom, chips and toast it seemed like a great deal. The pub wasn't overly busy and the food didn't take a long time to come out after ordering. But unfortunately the sausages were burnt and the eggs were well overdone. Not a runny yolk in sight. It was edible though, and as I said very good value for the price. Also the staff are really friendly and chatty which does make a difference and overall the place is clean and plates / glasses cleared away quite quickly. 
Dined on a Friday evening. Just dropped in without a reservation. Was offered the sofa area or bar. Sofas seemed an odd choice to try and eat at so we chose the bar. The side tables against the wall were cute but the stools were ridiculously uncomfortable. My back and bottom could never have sustained a meal! Thankfully a spot actually at the bar area quickly came free so we were able to move without issue. The lighting was a bit unwelcoming compared to the side tables but at least our bar stools now had backs to them. 
I visited this pub in the evening quite late on with friends for a meal. Having never been to Richmond I was expecting good things. The Pub interior was an eclectic mix of traditional and refurbished furniture which goes with the period building. The Drinks were good but the food was not. I had the Duck Wings and Lamb Chops which were both tough. My friend had a meat platter which came with what can only be described as week old pork scratching's which were tougher than plastic. Not great. 
Sticks and Sushi is business, and i can see for sure that to freshly prepare all the various dishes and the time and skill involved + the huge trendy high street premises you need to charge a fair whack...and they do. 
I’ve visited Lanes of London before, and even though the staff are very good the standard of the food is slipping. The bread for the sandwiches was dry and we had to send back the scones 3 times and they were still hard and dry. I do hope that this place returns to its original high standard. 
Ok, so Mayfair afternoon tea, stale and I mean stale sandwiches but delicious cakes! Free flowing bubbles at £43 a per person you’d expect better!  
This is one of my regular haunts in the summer. It's set right beside the River Thames - any closer and you'd be wet. They've updated the seating outside and put jumbrellas and heaters up which means you can stay out in comfort after the sun goes down.  
Big busy chain pub. Reheated frozen food. Average staff and full of losers on a Friday Saturday night. Nothing special at all 
I admit it, most times I am in O'Neills Beckenham it is as part of a rugby club and the company noise and music are all fine and I can walk home afterwards which is a good thing. Strangely I have also had breakfast there a few times with my wife (fully clothed and being sensible in those instances) and that is a pleasant calm, often just us in the venue experience, quite the opposite of the Friday night boogie or Saturday night mayhem... I have classed this "average" not to criticise the venue but to indicate that it is not a destination romatic or surprise space, but it delivers to promise and ticks the boxes and I shall go again, often, until I am too old to bother... 
Went for afternoon tea with after buying a voucher for afternoon tea . This was our third afternoon tea in London after previously had afternoon tea at The Ritz and The Dorchester. To be honest I think once you have been to The Ritz everywhere else is disappointing. My advice would be pay a few pounds extra and enjoy the best. 
We are loyal clients to stickynsushi Wimbledon but the waiters seem to have been trained to ignore (and keep looking away) people who are trying to call them.. really bad practice if they are thinking of pleasing the clients.. 
Went on a Monday night and service was friendly but very slow. Waited over an hour for a pizza and pasta dish. Food tasty but not worth the wait! Every table seemed to have the same issue.  
Took the family here for a New Year's eve meal. The Sushi was good. The service friendly and efficient. However it is a huge place and just seemed to lack atmosphere. Something about the place just didn't work. But that's just my opinion and others love it. 
Welcome and service was great. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. 
Great building and great layout of tables. Some staff were friendlier than others. Starters were really good but mains about average. Drinks ok but overpriced.  
Came here for lunch with my daughters and friends. The food was good but my goodness was the service sooooo sloooow!!! It took forever to get drinks, soya sauce, food , anything we asked for and the restaurant wasn't even half full!!! 
A cavernous place that is noisy and feels like a warehouse. The food is sometimes good and sometime no more than average. 
Was nice but totally overpriced.  
Visited on a Saturday lunch time at 13:00 hours while returning son to nearby University. Restaurant was completely empty however, not another customer the entire time we were there.  
The staff here are rude and the service is very average. Slow, no care but funnily enough, quick with the bill. I live locally and have been here a few times so can confirm that it was not a one off unfortunately.  
Indifferent management is what stops this place from aspiring to be anything else other than average. Have eaten here on a number of occasions hoping things would get better but they do not. The Sunday roast (particularly the beef) is cooked to death which is very disappointing and begs the question why bother coming back? 
Snobbish place, below average service, ok food and slightly overpriced. That said, as a local it's convenient to go to the Bird when I don't want to cook.  
If you want eat a quick and good ramen this is the place, I know that is a chain restaurant but the quality is not bad. 
The service is awesome. The sushi? Mine tastes better and I'm not a pro. If it was cheaper I wouldn't complain as after all, you should get what you pay for. So for the price they charge, I expected amazing sushi. I don't mind paying a lot of great sushi with super fresh fish. Cocoro in Marylebone has amazing sushi! (Though service is cold).  
I feel like it is a bit expensive for what you're getting but the food is very nice. The edamame beans were cold though. Very nice sake and tasty sushi, I much preferred the sushi over the "sticks" dishes that they offer. 
Even though the food menu looked quite appealing, serving tapas such as asparagus and pecorino cheese risotto, spanish seafood ravioli and a wide promising selection, the food was tasteless and the tapas are small for the price (£7-£10 per tapa). 
Our attentive Hungarian waitress looked after us well and suggested a spicy squid as an antidote to wet London evening weather. It went down well. We had Ramen Grilled duck in broth with noodles and Udon noodles with prawn and chicken washed do we with a bottle of merlot. We came away pleased and fortified to face the squishy Broadway traffic.  
We did have a lovely time here, though the people I went with, we always have a nice time. This review is based on the actual food that we had. The service was very good, so no complaints on that side of things really. 
Out on a busy Friday night with a party of colleagues for a pre-booked meal. Food was OK, but the experience was let down by the service. Had to ask three times to get additional glasses. Staff were pestering us for payments before we had finished eating, and needing us to leave the table to get a signal for the credit card machine. Whole party atmosphere was spoilt. Not the experience I have had previously in other Wagamama outlets. 
It was ok, the service was really good, amazing waiters but the food for me was normal, the environment ok, so a normal evening with a great performance made by waiters! 
Lanes of London is the restaurant in Marriott Park Lane hotel.  
We went to Wagamama Hammersmith for a casual dinner on a quiet night. The restaurant had a nice atmosphere, it wasn't busy and our order was taken right away :3 gyoza as starters and 3 mains: chicken katsu, yaki soba and a ramen. 5 minutes didn't go by that the Ramen was already in front of my friend. it took a good 15 minutes before the starters came and at that point the ramen was freezing cold. Nonetheless the food was very nice as always. as soon as we finished the waitress came with the dessert menu, but we ordered another gyoza instead, We ate the new gyoza and we were asked again about dessert but we said no; at this point the waitress just shows up with the bill and returns after 2 minutes with a card machine, waiting for payment. We felt like she was rushing us out of the establishment and it was not very nice. We made a point of just sitting there to chat and finish our drinks and nobody bothered us, not even to ask whether we wanted another drink. 
This place is trying to move with a trend where traditional pubs expand their offering to include gastronomic choices. There are some that do it well, and others that continue to be more of a pub. The Bird in Hand is one of the latteras the food was decent but nothing to write home (or Trip Advisor) about. However, it is a very much alive and kicking pub, with a vibrant Friday night crowd when we popped in. 
A very comfortable pub/restaurant (but with the emphasis on restaurant) with a "hygge" (word of the moment) ambience. We all had pizzas as they were recommended. However, I was disappointed. The pastry was perfect in the Romana style but the toppings were not; also very expensive. The service was just so-so from a po-faced waitress. 
We had something to eat here during a weekend away in London when we saw Billy Connolly. The food was ok although I had a terrible tummy upset afterwards and experienced lots of diarrhoea - which I guess may be due to poor hygiene? Such a shame as this place had lots of character - as the building is an old fire station. 
Come here regularly as the food comes quite quickly and it isn't usually too busy.  
Visited prior to going to the Apollo - food was the average wagamama quality but the staff were nowhere to be seen - twice I had to go find them to ask them to order. I was close to walking out because I couldn't get one of them to come and process the bill. Sort it - not good enough! 
I visited Lanes Hotel this afternoon for tea with a friend. It was a mother's day gift which I was really looking forward to. The food was very good, nicely presented and plenty to eat. The disappointment came with the drinks. We were expecting bottomless bubbles as part of the deal, but only had our glasses topped up once when we had drunk half our glass, so definitely not bottomless as advertised. We were told we would have two cups of tea, but were only offered one. We had to ask for the second cup, also had to ask for milk and a clean cup. So a very mixed experience. I would try a different hotel next time. 
Christmas is a time of good will. So I thought it would be a good to go to Wagamas with my boss (good will must have bypassed him as I had to pay).  
This is just a standard Wagamama. Nice location and setting, decent place to grab a bite to eat before a show at the Apollo. Staff were not very attentive, drinks took about 15 minutes to come, no-one asked if we wanted anything else, had to seek out a waitress to ask for the bill, but as soon as our money was on the plate a waiter picked it up faster than you can Yo-Sushi. 
Nice atmosphere, but food was average. 
We visited the place for a Birthday celebration, which they were aware of. We ordered quite a large selection and the food is exceptionally good. We ate so much of everything and spent well over £200 for 5 people. 
We visit this SnS regularly as the food is very good, but not for the first time the ability for the kitchen to keep up with demand is poor. The excuses are a bit thin and not really acceptable, if you can't cope with the volume then reduce the number of sittings ! 
Booked free flowing bubbles afternoon tea which was 2hrs. We arrived promptly for the time we booked. The first glass or should I say half glass of bubbles was served to us half an hour after being seated! The half refills came about 3-4 times during our 2 hour booking. 
It was nice food, but frankly, £20 for a chirashi bowl is a bit over the top. It was also REALLY noisy. The spicy miso was very good. 
First off I must compliment them on their "photo album" menu, made ordering very easy for one not so familiar with sushi and sashimi. Most of what we ordered was very tasty and there was certainly enough variety to have something everyone will enjoy. I was a little disappointed with my Tuna sashimi as it was quite bland when tuna is normally quite flavoursome. The "Man Food" however offered a great selection of tasty cooked treats. Overall though the meal was tasty it was rather expensive with 2 of us paying £70 before dessert. We were also displeased to find we'd been charged £1.50 per person for the jug of water we were offered while we ordered our drinks and then again when they automatically placed an "optional" service charge of 12.5% which I awkwardly had to ask them to remove as I paid by card so we could tip an amount we felt better reflected the service. While the staff were friendly and helpful we were left waiting a long time for our cold dishes to be served and then our hot food arrived before we'd finished. 
First time visiting a Wagamama's as was expecting more. Many people rave about the food but I wasn't too pleased. I ordered the chicken katsu curry as I was advised it was mild and very tasty. It wasn't mild and was not very tasty! The waitress smashed a glass of white wine over my white trainers. Thank god it was white wine and not red! Would rather go to an independant restauarant that does similar food. 
This conforms absolutely and quite acutely to all definitions and expectations of Sushi - the range is wide, the time is quick and indeed it all comes with the affirmation of the ordered, the expected, the known. But food need not always be this way. The whole point is that the singularity of the meal can re-define expectations, predictions, and even appetite and memory. The sensory and the somatic certainly get what is expected; appetities appeased, but it is generic gastronomy behind fancy facade; the mass market of munching is much-a-do about not much. Order placed, food comes, all as expected, price inflated. 
The sushi was ok and nicely presented, but didn't justify the extremely high prices. Be careful when ordering. Most portions are tinny and very expensive. My parter and I are super fans of sushi and are always trying different restaurants. This was our most disappointed experience in a while. There are several other great sushi places in South West London for a fraction of the price. Avoid this place, unless you are a super rich tennis player hanging about Wimbledon. ;) 
First visit for afternoon tea with free flowing rose champagne. Enjoyed Jing tea and rose champagne, whilst food (Easter version?) was below average. Very casual and attentive staff. 
Had lunch here on Saturday with a friend. It used to be the place we went fairly regularly and after moving out of town we decide to go back yesterday!! It was a disappointment. They've changed menu and increased the prices so it is now too expensive for a friendly catch up lunch. They have changed their ebi bites and lamb chops too which are no way near as good as they were. The staff were fabulous as usual but the food was not worth the price in my opinion.  
We went here for lunch yesterday. The fish and chips were ok as was my beetroot and feta salad, but my prawn and crayfish salad was inedible. Tasteless dry prawns, lots of lettuce with a drizzle of sauce. Not good. I complained and was expecting it to be taken off the bill as I didn't eat it, but it wasn't. Won't be back. 
Been here on a Friday evening with wife and kid so we were in a really laid back mood so were not annoyed by the extremely slow service.. 
Really lovely local pub full of charm and ambiance. Great for a pint or glass of wine. Friendly service. Was underwhelmed by the food (particularly the snacks/starters) which was not good value for money. Not bad, just could be better.  
My son introduced me to this pub as he wanted to have a pizza. The interior is very nice and we were given a corner table. The pizzas were generous and good. 
This restaurant is in a nice location, the interior is very clean/appealing and the staff very helpful. The menu is as boring as boiled potatoes.  
I have always had great service - both in the hotel and restaurant - really wonderful staff. I am always slightly disappointed by the menu (room service and restaurant). I know the hotel caters to business travelers and American tourists, but, for those of us who come here often, there are some outstanding restaurants in the area. I wish this didn't feel so much like a hotel restaurant. The food is decent, but it is not very clever and the menu is quite limited. I ate in the restaurant on a Thursday night, thinking it would be faster than room service - it was soooo slow and I was only one of 3 tables. The kitchen seems to be managed poorly. Could probably make some improvements there.  
My sister and I went for the non-sushi options. The truffled cauliflower with sesame seeds is a dream. We also loved our shrimp tempura and sashimi despite the stingy portions. My sis had the set meal..the man plate with skewers and rice. The plate itself was tasty. The extra skewers..duck was good. Bacon and cheese was weird with sushi rice. I had the steak. Wanted rare..got medium well. Complained. Got medium rare. Gross. I think a place that charges £20 for an 8oz steak should get it right. Staff were lovely. I'll go back for the sushi but please avoid the steak. 
Went last week with five friends for a birthday, at first the service from our waitress was appalling, she had a really bad attitude, the manager removed her from our table and from then the service was very good, the food and the concept was good but nothing special, more like a sushi Nandos, the man food meat was not great and some was very fatty, drinks overpriced, bill was £260 which wasn't bad for six people but too much in my view for the amount and quality. 
The afternoon tea was nice but sandwiches few for all gathered. The service was slow although staff very good. Not sure we would visit again.  
Went with family for a special afternoon tea. We were not really welcomed and one of the seats on the table that we were offered was right by a column so it was very difficult getting in and out.  
Although it was a passable meal, I have to say I was slightly disappointed. Maybe my expectations were just too high after reading reviews of this place. The menu was promising, but all of the dishes I tried needed to be bolder. Even those described as “spicy” were bland. Service was good, though, and the atmosphere was nice. All in all, a decent evening, but I won’t rush back. 
We work locally and visited the Bird in Hand for a colleague's leaving lunch. 
What an amazing Website. An Amazing Menu tooooo !!! 
This pub offers a neat yet vibrant atmosphere, and pleasantly attentive service, although the food is currently underwhelming. Having dined at this pub before I was looking forward to a return visit, however on arrival I noticed that the format of the menu had changed to a 'small sharing plates' style. All looked good on paper but in reality there are a few things that could be improved. The chicken liver parfait, however tasty, came with one tiny bread roll which was smaller in volume to the amount of parfait - not exactly ideal for sharing? Also the cod had a distinct ammonia after-taste, a classic sign that it was off. Hopefully things will iron themselves out soon in order to do justice to an otherwise nice pub.  
We had a voucher for bottomless pink champagne tea . I forget how much I paid - I think it was about £79 for two via Time Out. 
A very convenient location near us. Food adequate but quite pricey. A good option if we are looking for a local venue. Building and pub is well restored and upmarket.  
Nothing worse than being at a restaurant where the staff are desperate to let you know how lucky you are to be dining with them. Enthusiasm is fine but the edgy, pierced and tatted up staff begin to grate when they continually enthuse about food that frankly just isn't that nice.  
First of all, tripadviser put one '£' for cheap is anything but. 
I loved their inside-modern, unique, clean. Food presentation is wonderful too. It was too expensive with small portion for us. Staff was friendly but not attensitive-hard to get them. I might go back when new visitors visit the town.  
the food is great but expensive. however the service could be improved. i sat at the bar as was in a bit of a hurry was got glares from the barman the whole time which made the experience a little unpleasant. i had asked for the bill to arrive at the same time as my last order but the waitress stuck the card machine for me to input my pin as i was eating. very strange! 
I've been here a few times with the family. The food is very good, the service is prompt and staff are polite and considerate. My only complaint is the price. Although the food is very good - it's just so very expensive for eating out in Wimbledon. Also it's worth looking carefully at your bill. Last time they tried to charge me for tap water, which I think is a bit greedy! 
I am lucky enough to live within walking distance of the Bird in Hand, with the Underwood Havelock and Old Parrs Head all close by. I was astonished that a gratuity was automatically added to my bill without question and before I could ask if it was optional, my debit card had been inserted and charged. Having had no "service" to talk of, I asked if the gratuity of 12.5% was optional and asked for it to be reimbursed. 
(1) Ambience, nice enough. (2) Food, some good some very bad; tuna & scallops yakitori sticks were terribly dry. (3) Service, AWFUL! (4) Price, £90 for 2 people not justified. 
Food and cocktails were nice. Extensive menu so we opted for a big mixed platter and really enjoyed it.  
It's good that there is a Wagamama close to Hammersmith station, good location. Spacious restaurant. Only downside that we had to wait quite long for the food.  
A good place for lazy summer afternoons and evenings when it can get very packed and service can suffer accordingly. There is an upstairs room for private parties of 20+ just make sure you order in plenty of booze in case you get forgotten. 
My first time I visited this place, It was a pleasant experience, although I caught my finger of the broken chair, but the manager came to apologise and made us feel well looked after. One of my dish was burned, so I sent it back and ordered new one, didn't take long. To be honest we did find out seat little bit awkward sitting three of us in the middle of a very long empty table, this because the other spaces were book. When I wanted to book a revisit, I was told they were fully book, understandably it was a Saturday night after all. What came shocking was when I asked if they kept any space available on the main seating area (except the bar) for walk-in customers, I was told that they do not at all. So my advise, if you're planning to visit, you must book well in advance, or don't bother. 
After an afternoon of buying an engagement ring, the girlfriend and I decided to go out for some food to celebrate. (Please note I haven't proposed yet). We decided to try SNS. We were greeted by a smiley waitress who escorted us to the comfy sofas. Looking around the restaurant it had a low light with modern decor and a really nice chilled vibe.  
service was good but restaurant almost completely empty and it took a long time to deliver...........ambience would feel better with more people......seemed expensive for what was on the menu 
I don't like to give negative reviews, but I don't come away from here feeling like I couldn't wait to recommend it. The staff were very pleasant and helpful, and the pastries were lovely. Perhaps I've been spoilt by previously having afternoon tea at The Wolesley and The Savoy, so my standards are set high! 
The place is well designed with cool atmosphere in Danish way. The menu design and dishes are super clear and very stylish. The staff are very friendly but lack Japanese mannerism serving Japanese food and I feel that you should expect this as the restaurant serves Japanese dishes. Love all the dishes, well prepared and presented. 
I lime Wagamama and have been to this location several times recently. 
This Wagamama is in the old fire station and some of the old features survive, which is a good thing! The food was up to standard. We all know that Wagamama's dishes get served when ready, at staggered times. But this one took the biscuit! I was on the last few mouthfuls of mine when one of my party just got his - not really acceptable. The starters came after some of the mains too. We questioned whether the rice was brown (as ordered) and the waitress brought some over to us to prove it - her manner was rather brusque. Not the best experience but the food was good. 
Really over priced food. We had a nice waitress but were disappointed with the food which was overall tasteless. Our bill was too expensive for the experience we had.  
My daughter , 30 , my husband ands friend had lunch at the Bird in Hand today. It’s a lovely place to sit outside. My daughter ordered gazpacho (£8.00 ) and we shared a good pizza. The pizza arrived 15 minutes before the gazpacho and when it arrived it was the very smallest bowl I have ever seen produced anywhere. Just weird... Gaspacho ingredients are so cheap, it’s pre made and cold..... 
Had afternoon tea, great service, staff and table, but the food was a bit of a let down, which was a shame. 
we are regular visitors to london for afternoon tea around christmas so decided to visit Lanes this year for festive afternoon tea. All staff were very polite and helpful on arrival and the explanation of the teas ( which compared to other hotel was a little sparce) was very helpful, The sandwiches and pastries were all lovely although there was no offer of any extra sandwiches, which we would not have wanted but is always a nice touch. The four of us had two loose leaf teas and two fruit teas which were in teabags. all was very nice but there was no offer of top ups for the tea until I asked which the young lady brought a pot of hot water to top up all the teas including the fruit teabags which already had lost there flavour. I know this is not a big thing but at Teas we have had in the past this has never been the case in fact all the pots would have been taken and new fresh tea would have been served and you should never have to ask. To supply afternoon tea is not expensive so you fully understand that the cost, which with a deal was just over £140, is made up with the quality of the service and the way you are made to feel special while always feeling you are getting value for money.An offer of extra tea or sandwiches is not to much to ask or a fresh teabag. There are plenty of afternoon teas in London for the same price and cheaper that give that little bit extra. Very Nice and would not put anyone off going there but personally would not return. 
We wanted a quick dinner. Walked by the place on the way to our rental. Very appealing inside and out. Pizza - flat- mostly tasteless. Two tapas appetisers were ridiculously small!! Flavour was good but we left hungry and too expensive for portions. 
We wanted to go to the usual haunt up the road but closed for the day. Think it is mainly just a wine bar with some adhoc food. if you dont like pizza you may struggle.  
visited on 28th November as a treat for my friends for my birthday. Had booked in September, so was surprised and disappointed when we arrived they had no record of it. Anyway the staff gladly found room for us but said we had to be finished by five for another booking. Nice venue and surroundings. Good afternoon tea with a festive theme. Tasty cakes. As with many other teas, you are normally offered more sandwiches, cakes etc sadly this was not the case. Felt the staff could have been more attentive, once Yarva took over, she was helpful, unprompted gave me a glass of bubbly,And piece of cake for my birthday. Very nice but after the tea was finished was presented with a bill for the cake, a mistake but a careless one. Had a voucher so was value for money. Would try again. Agree with a previous review, if you are going to do afternoon tea, it's the service and little touches that make the tea special. We still had a nice time and the venue was very popular. 
Visited for afternoon tea yesterday, initial impressions were very good.However that didn't last long as we were shown to a table right next to the kitchen entrance and had to listen to the thud of staff kicking a plate to open the door. Service was indifferent and hard to get anyone to make eye contact,waitress seemed surprised when we wanted to take our uneaten goodies home, at £40+ each this didn't seem unreasonable. Such was the lack of attention that we were able to collect our coats with no checks as to whether we had paid our bill, we did pay our bill but it would have been very easy to leave! 
Went for a lunch with colleagues. Initial service was good, having it being my first Wagamama staff were understandable and put the sauce of my Katsu chicken on the side and I enjoyed my meal and would go back however one of my colleagues had to send her food back twice, she had not ordered chicken with prawns, they bought another plate of food only to be chicken and prawn again. The staff did however deduct the meal off the final bill. 
Great hotel breakfast but very pricey. Food is good, but my Eggs Benedict could have used more (some?) Hollandaise sauce. Be careful when you order coffee: £3.50 for the first cup, £3.50 for a refill.  
Food is good though it is expensive! But the issue is more regarding the service. A crew of 6 but none of them really care about the client. This is really annoying as you pay an additional charge for service Actually...  
Nice cocktails..good selection of classic cocktails, some I haven't seen in years!! The staff try but they seem more interested in their own discussion than serving people and the drinks are expensive. 
The restaurant was empty when we came in except for a large group by the bar. The table had some sticky spots that hadn't been cleaned and the glasses all had water stains. Service was courteous but not very attentive. Calamari and salmon salad starters were the best parts of the meal. Our mains of lamb shank and roast pork were not memorable. We felt the food overpriced (but we were in London so that's to be expected). Lanes had a nice extensive wine and beer list. Typical hotel restaurant experience. 
i love a cream tea. we met up with friends coming in from abroad , considering it was quiet they leave you pretty much to your selves, if you wanted top up etc you had to get up or catch someones attention . It took 3 attempts to get a good brew of earl grey. Sandwiches were great untill we tried to eat the bagel with egg mayo. it tasted great but you need to eat with a knife and fork as soo runny and messy. Cakes were ok and i found the scones Luke warm and quite heavy. I  
This is the restaurant inside the Marriott Park Lane. Very quiet and we had no trouble getting seated as it was often almost empty. Meal was quite good, although service was just a bit spotty. 
I have been here twice, the service is friendly but is a case of too many server yet too little service. The menu is very involved and certain items are fair overpriced when compared to other high street sushi of the same quality. We had a issue with one of the california rolls, it took a while to get someones attention and we did have to return the item twice but were given it on the house. The atmosphere is good and the variety of food is very wide. Not a knockout, but nothing really worth going out of your way to avoid either.  
came here on sunday loads of tables were empty - seated in a dirty seat which i had to clean and table was unclean too - menu arrived prompt but service was way too slow! 
Wimbledon Village and Town have diverse options of restaurants. You can do better than this over important place. The decor and menu are overdone. Who wants to have dinner bent over a coffee table? We aren't in a first flat at college. The picture menu is beautiful but difficult to understand. Items do NOT arrive as presented. The green daisain roll was completely tasteless. The grilled corn was served as circles still on the cob. Rather difficult and graceless to eat in a restaurant trying oh so hard to be posh. Don't bother. 
Been using this pub for years. 
We were gifted an afternoon tea here so arrived with a voucher. They seemed a bit confused by it but we weren't charged so it clearly worked out in the end! They did put us right in the corner by the kitchen though so be prepared to be deprioritised. 
Overall I would return as the pizza is delicious (thin and crispy, good size and yummy toppings), the vibe in the bar area was good and the private room looked fab and was just what we wanted so we were all happy. The total of the bill was reasonable as well. 
I went with my little sister, as a girly treat after a long day of shopping. She was very impressed with the grand interior of the restaurant and the hotel, and thorroughly enjoyed the food served, both sandwiches and cakes. However, I have done my share of afternoon teas in several establishments in London and this was not up there with the best of them, unfortunately.  
Visit this pub most Sundays for a drink and do not know how they keep in business when there are so few people in there. Today there were more staff than visitors for a couple of hours at lunchtime. We used to frequent this pub before the refurbishment and it used to be extremely busy but now the new owners have tried to go 'up market' it has no atmosphere and all the previous customers have gone elsewhere. 
Our daughter recently moved close to The Chequers so we decided to check it out last weekend. The walls are decorated very cleverly with old 33/45 records, and beer mats and the toilets decorated with newspapers. Very different. We were just in for a drink which was fine. The Ale is limited but hubby chose one he quite liked and I had the rose blush which was also fine. There was a nice atmosphere even though it was quite empty. There were a couple sitting near us who had the Sunday roasts and they looked quite good, but maybe a little over cooked. 
The ambience is great, the location is great, and the service was great. The food, however, was very average. Perhaps we caught them on an off night, but our meal wasn't worth the rather expensive cost. 
I visited Lanes for afternoon tea for my daughter's birthday. I have been to several London Hotels for afternoon tea and in comparison, this was a very underwhelming experience.  
Place was quite empty and we were put in quite a dark area even though there were areas that had a view and were bright. An attentive member of staff came over and e planned order of service and we decided to have a glass of champagne while waiting for our afternoon tea food. 
I ate here with friends to celebrate Christmas. Unfortunately the menu did not have a festive feel to it and was also not the fine dining experience I expected. Main dishes included steaks, burgers and chicken. I ordered a sirloin steak for £25 and although the steak was well cooked it was only accompanied by four (yes 4!) chunky chips. I would have expected some additional salad or vegetables and was not offered this by the waitress who took my order. We had drinks in the bar after the meal and was surprised at the high cost of the drinks... despite the spend we still had to vacate at midnight. Unfortunately despite the 5* Park Lane location I won't be returning... 
Looked promising going in - it's very spacious and the new decor is bright, clean and welcoming. The furniture however is very mismatched, giving the impression that it's just random pieces thrown together. 
We went to Lanes of London for champagne afternoon tea as part of a birthday celebration. We went on a discount offer which included a glass of champagne. The event followed the standard template of sandwiches, scones and cakes/pastries with a choice of tea and also a glass of champagne. We were surprised when we were offered a refill of our champagne glasses and were pleased accept it. The food overall was good but not excellent. The sandwich selection included buttered bread containing just thinly sliced cucumber - tasteless and unappetising. the scones were served warm and with clotted cream, which was good. The cake selection was OK. We were offered a 3rd glass of champagne which we declined as we were dining in the evening and we weren't sure how many glasses of champagne were being added to the bill. When we received our bill it did not include our discount, so we had to point this out. A new bill was given to us which was correct - and only included 1 champagne charge, so we're not sure whether our offer was for 'free flowing bubbles' or not. Lanes itself is part of The Marriot Hotel and is located in the Park Lane corner of the period building. Although spacious, Lanes was not lavishly decorated. Overall a little disappointing. 
Excellent food, fair prices and a homey atmosphere. However, the waiter who served us was anything but friendly and we had to ask several times for the same things, and all this despite the place only being half empty. 
i am always looking around for new places to dine, and clearly in our South West London area we have many to choose from. So during my search for weekly online searches i came across SticksnSushi, which I have driven past many times. To be honest from the outside it looks very dark and unappealing, so I have never considered it as interesting. 
Unedited photo of untouched glass of wine. Not to the line, and probably not normally noticed. Just had a tricky drive up the motorway and didn’t fancy a possible confrontation with the staff over it but a bit disappointing. Did email the restaurant website to get a direct response but heard nothing after a week. 
Highly recommend for a drink! But, the food is not good. Such a disappointment. Wish it had a great cheeseburger and chips and we'd be there weekly! 
We ate there 2 nights in a row, food is ok . Menu is fairly small like most London pubs. Atmosphere is good , beer cold 
Went in for a Sunday dinner service. The interiors are great and the service was warm.  
Perhaps that's why people go there. Food was good, nicely presented but not out of this world comparable to other sushi places within an easy drive. Find it all a bit contrived if I'm honest...and then ridiculously pricy.  
Excellent front of house service !  
The thing with Lanes of London, is that it's a hotel restaurant - good but not great and very expensive. Also, you know you're in a hotel - if you need the toilet you have to go into the lobby and downstairs.  
I was very much looking forward to a posh afternoon of high tea at the Marriott Park Lane. I had a gift voucher and notified the hotel of this when I booked. When we arrived I handed over the voucher and all seemed fine.  
First of all music was too loud so I was not sure about that. 
The food here is served to a high standard and everything was well flavoured and seasoned. My favourite was the Ebi rolls, they were fantastic. Also, I would recommend the spare ribs. The maki rolls and sushi was great and fresh. The sticks we ordered were a disappointment however; we had the panko crumbed duck and emmental cheese with bacon. Both were very average and costly. I would avoid these and maybe try some of the others. Furthermore, the cocktail prices were a joke, my friend paid 11.50 for a whiskey based cocktail which was not amazing.  
Went Here tonight party of 10. 
went for a meal, ordered two different oven baked Carbonara. 
Ordered a takeaway.  
The food was all good however we had to wait a very long time to order after being seated, nearly an hour. Was not particularly busy and not many staff around. 
Cosy restaurant. Staff was a tad offhand with us. Additional dishes on the menu would be welcome. Nevertheless, served wine and tapas were delicious. 
Food & Ambience was really good such a pity that it was hard to enjoy with the extremely rude & ignorant waiter!  
Poor. Only people in at lunchtime. Tried a couple of seafood dishes. very poor. sardines not fresh over grilled, bacalao frozen not quite cooked through. salad was good though.  
A nice tapas bar at Ealing Broadway. I had been past a few time, but have only been in once. 
Thought we would try something different to our usual Mimi e coco. The food was alright but that was about all you could say. The garlic bread was cold and had to be sent back. 
I am quite a fan of Prezzo as they do lighter options and show some of the calorie contents and the food is usually good here. Unfortunately my visit last week was not so great. The pasta meals some of my friends had were fine but us that had pizza found the bases to be so dry that it was impossible to cut with a knife or indeed tear with teeth! It was mentioned to the waitress who made no comment or apology. I will return to give them another chance, but the Cheam branch will have to improve.... 
Attended on a busy Friday night, pre booked, which was probably right thing to do. Standard Prezzo menu , but would be fair to stay the restaurant is really well presented with a nice atmosphere 
Had a buy a gift voucher and got given a 'special menu' - very limited and wine was like vinegar. Service was hit and miss. The starters were average (mushrooms were soggy and the calamari was very dry) the pizza was delicious and the dessert was tasty. 
Family lunch on a Wednesday. 
I can't remember the last time that I dined at a restaurant where everything was perfect: the napery, crockery, food and service. But such was my experience of the Taj Bistro: the linen was as fine as anything in the Taj flagship in Mumbai; the cutlery, glasses and crockery were lovely; the house white was as good as it should be and the house red a good deal better; and the service was impeccable yet tactful.  
Must begin by saying the food is incredibly good, very fresh. Unfortunately the service is a little too casual. Our table for four was only set for two, I had to get my own cutlery, side plates and glasses from adjacent tables. The phone was ringing off the hook for takeaways. A couple more members of staff would help immensely. 
Couldn't fault the food but we wished we could have eaten together! My nephew was served his food quickly but I had to ask where my food had got to after watching all those around me being served. Got it eventually but had lost my appetiete by then. 
Sushi was average, nothing special.  
We were staying in a hotel nearby on a family visit. We decided to try out this Spanish Mediterranean cuisine restaurant. However the only thing authentic Spanish seemed to be one one the chefs who we learnt was from Catalonia, 
The food was ok but terrible service. Very grumpy waiter who forgot half our order. Wouldn't go back. 
A pleasant upstairs dining room with a pretty standard pub food menu. But the prices are more like West End restaurant and the automatic service charge for drinks and food for a large group was a bit cheeky. Food was ok and service decent, though. 
It took a few minutes for anyone to acknowledge our presence, but once seated the service was quick. 
We are regular customers since the opening. 
Situated near Kensington Gardens tucked away in Craven Terrace this is a very pleasant and popular pub. There is a mixture of tourists , owing to the many hotels in the vicinity, and locals. It can get busy, but there are tables outside, as well as a cosy dining room at the back, and one upstairs. There is another somewhat atmospheric bar downstairs. The service is friendly, and usually efficient. As someone who has been going there for years on and off I have to say that the food is not of as high a standard as it once was. Whether this is a temporary 'blip' I don't know. Had the Sunday roast recently, and it was very ordinary. The drinks are not cheap, but it is a nice pub, and if you find yourself in the area check it out. 
Good pub close to our hotel so the location was great. Service was very good and the beer and cider good. Not very busy. 
There is a lot of competition in Ealing and so restaurants need to be at the top of their game. La Rueda has an authentic feel and the ambience is great. The food is good. It is not outstanding but it is certainly a cut above the well known chains. It is very close to hotels such as the Premier Inn. The Hotel Xanadu is almost next door. I think this restaurant is extremely good value compared to other similar restaurants which may be similar in price but inferior in terms of food quality. Parmigiana is one of my favourite dishes and the one I was served here beat the Spaghetti house version I ate a couple of weeks ago hands down. A good option when you are visiting or meeting friends for an evening get together 
Never had a bad meal here. Service is consistent, often good but hardly ever excellent. Good for Pizza, and Pasta and salads are good too. A little too noisy when busy. We will return. 
Knew it was going to be good when one of the ladies greeted me from behind the bar as I walked in with a big smile and a cheerful, "Welcome." Place is great on a rainy or cold day. Go before 1300 and grab a table by one of two fireplaces. Had the butternut squash soup as a starter (£6)--ample portion and tasty though extremely hot. Food comes out quickly once you start--have them wait to put orders in until you're ready. Opted for the pork belly (£16) which was good-sized though very fatty--nice, crispy skin. If fat isn't your thing, would opt for the roast chicken. Served with sautéed cabbage, two nice-sized potato balls, and two roasted carrot sticks. Very flavorful gravy. Very notable cask ales--delicious. Solid option for Sunday roast. 
I would not go back to this place, sadly. The staff were pleasant, but that's all I can say to recommend La Rueda. We went on a Friday night, and it was very busy, so clearly it is popular with locals. We ordered 2 or 3 tapas dishes each, but the only one which I would want to eat again was Chorizo al Vino. The Albondigas tasted as if they had been defrosted and put in the microwave. We were charged for Calamares which never arrived. The decor is very dated, and the toilets need upgrading. Disappointing. 
Not our first visit to this Indian so knew it served lovely food and this visit was no different! Slightly lacking in staff so a little slow , don't go if you're in a hurry !  
This pub is a good place to have a drink; it's close to Hyde Park, a tube station and it has a good range of beers and because it's quite small it doesn't need too many folk to make for a good atmosphere. With the rugby on the tv and a good pint in hand it's a pleasant place to spend some time. 
I reviewed this restaurant back in February and the subject material hasn't altered a great deal. The food is still great but the meal was spoilt by a member of staff, possibly the manager, arguing with a customer on one phone whilst ranting down another phone at a delivery driver. Despite being a distance away from the reception desk, the volume escalated with no consideration to those in the restaurant. This was mentioned and an apology was received, but I left feeling irritated and annoyed. I only hoped for a quiet decent meal which didn't happen. 
I've been a regular here for quite some time, and been picking up take-away at least every fortnight. The sushi is of very high quality, and the staff is incredibly friendly. 
We went for dinner on Mothers day. The place was busy but not enough to delay the food. We waited over 2 hours to get our mains. It seems they were busy with takeaways so we had to wait longer for our food.  
Monday night dinner - impromptu. Restaurant reasonably busy, fairly prompt service. However, no bruschetta - said they had been busy and delivery would be tomorrow - no good to us! Waiter just wasn't bothered. Ordered extra buffalo mozzarella on pizza - waitress spoke to table next to us about issue with our order and later came to speak to us - no buffalo mozzarella either. Side salad was in a warm bowl and looked very limp - few lettuce leaves, one tomato, bit of cucumber and couple slices of pepper - for £4.90 it was shameful. Pasta Penne Rustican - plentiful pasta, sauce bland, chicken poor quality and tough. Pizza OK - burnt round edges. Overall, wasted opportunity and a waste of £35.00. Need to up their game for us to return! 
We dropped in to The Mitre last night for a quick drink 
Presso isn’t the cheapest option for lunch but with a dining deal available we re visited. Food was ok, service was good but two parents and 3 kids the drinks bill was £30!!! Alone...... shame really as we would go a lot more often.  
Buzzing restaurant very busy in the evening, and probably a trendy place to dine in, but this is nothing of a traditional Japanese restaurant atmosphere. Sushis and meals can be quite original, but value for money in terms of overall quality is not worth it. Will not return. 
After coming here for many years on a semi - regular basis, I can confidently give the facts. The food here is very good indeed. Really lovely tasting vegetatian Indian cuisine. 
A Very Nice Place with a Well sorted bar. And a really interesting snack menu. The staff were charming and helpful. We had to wait for 30min to get a table when arriving around 20:00pm on a Friday.  
I went to La Rueda with my wife and young daughter as a nice way to break up the week. We were warmly greeted and offered a pick of several nice booths. The waitress then took our drink orders and dropped off the menus. That is when things started to go wrong. 
Been to a few of the Prezzo restaurants in the past , not up to the normal standard. Slow taking drinks, the starters were poor , main OK. Two items missing on main menu which three of party wanted and three items missing on the desert menu. 
Went in on the 10th for early dinner and ordered a meal! Service in this place is great don't have to change anything! Even when they are busy, you get served quickly! 
This was my first visit to Prezzo in Cheam and I won't be hurrying back. The service was very slow and sadly the food was average. I asked on receipt of the bill if they were short staffed only to be told that the restaurant could only have four waiting staff (one of whom was new working her first shift). Clearly if the service is unacceptable slow and the food disappointing, customers will not return, thus fuelling the staffing problem. Focus on good customer service and tasty food then your customers will return. 
Had a late Sunday lunch , early Sunday dinner last weekend and choose Prezzo as it's within walking distance of home.  
Beautiful pub, friendly staff, great drinks. The food was terrible. The kidneys were overcooked, carrots with honey and thyme had neither ingredient. And the menu mentioned chicken kiev with Shropshire blue cheese. At our table, and another next to us, there was nothing in the chicken. No cheese, butter, or flavoring. Just a piece of fried chicken. Such a disappointment. 
We had lunch there 2 adults and our granddaughter, the lunch was nice. The size of the children's portion was just right. Although the food was good the service on our visit was a little slow which is a disadvantage when you have an active child with you! 
Spacious restaurant, it is cosier inside - outside of the restaurant looks rather cold. Service was attentive, quite a few mums and babies. salad was good very fresh and great dressing, spaghetti Bolognese pretty bland, pizza seemed to be ok. 
A nice place, always busy whatever time it may be. The menu is varied with choice for veggies, service is efficient and friendly. 
I wrote a review on Tripadvisor last year explaining that we had had a very poor experience at Prezzos, Cheam - service and food terrible. We decided to try Prezzos again as we are local (not been for over 6 months) and I have to say the service was much better, I would say some of the food was great, some was average - definitely could be improved. We ordered some Prosecco, initailly we were given large wine glasses, we asked if we could have flutes and were told that weren't any left, the man serving us eventually managed to find some for us. Also we were quite shocked at the price of a bottle of Prosecco - £26! Overall, I'd say this visit was better than last year but I wouldn't rush to go back there - it's a shame as this used to be one of my favourite restaurants and I visited often. Plenty of other restaurants in Cheam so I would be inclined to go to one of them in the near future. 
Sat front of house with the front patio open to the street on a warm sunny day, this would be quite a pleasant place to dine. We were there mid evening, on spec, dusk approaching, not so warm but it was still pleasant. The restaurant was busy that evening and stayed that way for most of the time we were there.  
Went here as part of a meet and greet for a tour we were going on. Yeah, in my mind, it was OK without being anything special. 
Food was quite good but the main course portions I thought had been reduced in size i.e. the meat content in the pizza and pasta was much less ! The service was good but at times could have been a little faster. The staff quite often had there heads down and you couldn't always get there attention. 
I'm registered with Prezzo for offers etc & they sent me a code for a free bottle of prosecco for my birthday. We went on the spur of the moment arriving about 6pm to an almost empty restaurant. We were served quickly with the prosecco & water. The food came fairly quickly, we had two different calzone pizzas which were very acceptable We found the staff on duty at that time to be friendly & attentive. The restaurant started to fill up and was getting busy by the time we had finished eating our main course. The pannacotta was very tasty. 
For a chain restaurant, you know what you are going to get in here. The food was served quickly and the service was adequate for a lunchtime quick stop. Nothing special and nothing to complain about given the other reviews, just average and what we expected. 
The place is very lovely and the food is tasty too, the staff is very kind and helpful, but please be careful, somebody tried to steel my wallet during the dinner, fortunately i realised it in time and the waiters were very kind after that and they warned us because of the amount of turists thieves may occure... 
First visit to this branch of Prezzo which is a chain we visit regularly. An impromptu midweek dinner to check out the new summer menu and the newly refurbished restaurant. 
The service was very slow. We didn't order starters and I took about 45 minutes for our meal to arrive. Dessert was the same, very slow. Staff not switched on, not asking if we needed more drinks and after I asked for one I didn't arrive. 
Polite and friendly reception. 
Tapas was good but not as good as La Siesta that used to be across the road. Felt that we needed to double check everything in terms of prices charged and food received. As it happens only realized later that we were short changed by one tapas order. Could be an accident but will not chance again. 
I've lived in Paddington for a number of years and know the Mitre as a pub which comes and goes, typical of the area.  
Been here a couple of times, especially if I want a quick cheap lunch etc. It's one step up from Pizza Express I think! They do have more to offer on the menu and wine list. Staff are ok; nothing really to complain about, it give me exactly what I expected, reasonable food and wine, it is what it is...... Would I go back? Yes. 
I find that each time I visit a Prezzo restaurant the experience can be quite varied.  
After waiting for about 1 hour for a couple of child burger and some chips we receive a discount of 20%...slow pub but with good food and great owner...beer was good 
It's always hard to review a restaurant without comparing all the time with other places, but we visited La Rueda on Friday night to see if it would make a good replacement for the sadly-demised La Siesta in Ealing. 
A large restaurant bigger than expected. I was disappointed that my group of 4 were put right at the back, the place was nearly empty? Food was good, but did not have a wow factor. The waiters and waitresses, were nice, but when bring your food out said what it was well before they got to the table so made us all look deaf. We had to constantly ask them to repeat everything. 
Our family has visited Prezzo every 6 weeks or so - as well as every Christmas Eve - for the past few years. The food has remained consistently good over that time, though the vegetarian options are rather limited. 
It is pretty average. Prices are a bit high but tgere are usually some vouchers available which you can use during weekdays. 
Went for dinner with my bf this week and we ordered a few tapas plates and drinks.  
Pretty much same old same old Prezzo. The issue with chains is they can all be so similar that they become boring, you need to allow the staff to put their own special little nuances upon the place or you will lose custom. That said the food, although a little dear, was good. More for business lunches I feel, I you want fun with your pizza go around the corner to Pizza Express.  
Popped in to this bar and found to my delight football on one screen and rugby on another ,heaven. Happy hour so all beers were £3 ,great for london.a cheery barman kept a good banter going with both regulars and drop ins like me .doing good buisness on pizzas which drew good comments from around the place .good fun atmosphere. 
The change in restaurants from just a place to eat to an experience is gaining pace including kosher eateries so having looked at the Ashbourne menu online we thought we were in for a treat.  
Went here due to the reviews but also due to location as we were staying in the hotel down the street from it (Corus hotel). 
Unfortunately this just another chain restaurant. Food and service was mediocre. Pretty atmosphere though. I would return and give it another chance. 
We eat in this restaurant quite regularly as it is very local to us, it is popular and has a good ambience and the food is decent with deals available. We have eaten there at least three times in May and, while the food has been to the usual standard, the service has been a bit surly and very slow, possibly due to under-staffing. The management need to ensure their standards don't slip. 
I reviewed The Mitre on my last visit to the UK IN 2018 and rated it very highly. I made a beeline for it on my arrival from Australia on the 24th June this year.  
Went for lunch with Mum and fiancé. 
We booked via the web for a 7,30pm table for two,it was a Saturday evening.The reception was polite friendly and we were taken to our table. The choice and quality of the food was good but the service was at best "SLOW" and uncoordinated. We had a clear view of the SERVICE COUNTER waiting for service. When ours arrived it was cold. They did arrange to reheat the food but that seems to invite hygiene risks.On a positive note we had received the meal as a gift voucher so didn't spend our money and upon that point I would not recommend this restaurant as there are plenty more in the area where the service might be more focused upon customer satisfaction. 
Today, I visited Lanes of London for afternoon tea with a friend. We were greeted by friendly staff who took us to our table that was reserved for us. The atmosphere was warm and the interior was modern with a comfy twist. I ordered an English breakfast tea that came with real tea leaves in. We were given a complimentary chocolate mousse that had a hint of coffee which was delicious, and shortly after the 3 tier traditional afternoon tea arrived. The presentation looked tasty and elegant, and I couldn’t wait to dig in. The sandwiches were small but nice, and the staff catered for my friend who was vegetarian (which is always a good sign). We were given two different types of scones (plain and raisin) which were kept warm inside a napkin served with a pot of clotted cream and strawberry compote. The scones were warm, soft and crunchy, but the clotted cream lacked flavour and I was disappointed that they didn’t offer butter. We were given 4 different cakes to share between us and each one looked yummy. However for someone with a sweet tooth these cakes lacked a soft texture and taste. The Lanes Lemon & Poppy seed cake was the only one that was lovely but the other ones weren’t particularly nice and you could probably buy better ones from the local supermarket. 
visited on Saturday night disappointed on walking in restaurant it looked too much like a cafe not a restaurant would do better to have table cloths and flowers on the tables to make it more welcoming, didn't help that it only a couple of tables were occupied so didn't have a very good buzz or ambiance having said that the food and service was good 
I visited this restaurant with a group of colleagues. We have eaten here before. The restaurant looks good - the décor and furniture is modern and the staff are friendly, although service was a bit slow. 
The décor was excellent, the welcome was warm, friendly and relaxed. However I ordered a meat free risotto advertised as containing mushrooms, goat cheese and assorted vegetables. We all began to eat and I found out that what I had thought were mushrooms were slices off chicken and there was no goats cheese to be seen! 
Disappointing. 
We've been before when it was less busy and that was the problem. It was a family meal of seven on Christmass eve so I expected it to be busy. Problem was I dont think Prezzo had planed ahead to have enough staff on hand. They were slow on service, the amount of time it took for the food to be served and to get orders right. Plus they must of had a rush on Apple juice as they had none left? Also their website states 25% of Procesco at the restaurant which we didn't get and I couldn't be bothered to make a scene. The food to be fair has always been good when we have gone and fair value. We'd go again but at a less busier time. 
The food is good but I am not satisfied with the quantity of food served when compared to the cost being paid 
The food was good and excellent value, though it took a while to arrive. It was Friday evening and busy though, so we weren't too surprised. The only problem really was the noise, made worse by the lack of any soft furnishings to absorb any of it. At times it was difficult to hear what the people on our table were saying. Would go back but at a quieter time. 
Like so many people these days looking for an eating-out experience with a discount voucher, we booked Prezzo Cheam. It is certainly a more attractive venue than some chains and parking was easy after 6.30pm. I can't say we felt particularly welcome but we shown to a table and staff were very quick to offer menus etc. I hadn't even taken my coat off yet so they were obviously very keen to get going with the order. We ordered a glass of water and a small white wine. We got 2 glasses of water and a large glass of wine (good thing I wasn't driving) It seemed pointless sending it back but of course, it was annoying to pay £6.95 for a glass. Just think...that is a whole bottle in the supermarket or £21 a bottle in their restaurant. Anyway, there were plenty of people having meals and for a Thursday evening, it was pretty busy. I think it is a popular venue for socialising. We ordered pizzas and I asked if I could have mine on a warm plate to keep the pizza hot (I eat slowly) this wasn't possible but they said the pizza could be warmed up if needed. Great, but that member of staff never came back. There is always the question asked..."is everything all right with your meal" it seems fairly pointless to ask this because I don't think they expect anyone to bother saying anything but yes. I love pizza but I don't like the prezzo tomato concasse/sauce, it has too much heat and not enough flavour. The base and size of pizza was good but it needed a little more cooking. While I'm having a moan...is it too much to expect to have a knife that cuts or are we totally ruled by health and safety? 
First impression: good atmosphere, nice decor, helpful staff and interesting view of Hyde Park Corner. But when I saw the menu alarm bells started ringing. How can you 'specialise' in so many different types of cuisines (divided up into Lanes - e.g. Brick Lane is Indian)? We were advised that the serving size was small so it was wise to order at least 2 or 3 of each dish. I am glad we only ordered two each as 2 dishes were quite enough for a hearty lunch and the food was (as suspected) pretty unexciting and I left some of it. The falafel were very overcooked - dark brown - and were accompanied by an oily tasting substance which was unpleasant. The lamb kebabs were better but fairly dry. Accompanying salad garnish was interesting and good. Maybe I was unlucky. Anyway - avoid the falafel! 
had Sunday lunch here, very expensive for what it was but the staff lovely and friendly.and the decor traditional. warning, if having red cabbage they put cinnamon in it!! otherwise nice 
Had a birthday celebration there.  
we went there for an impromptu family meal. The staff were friendly and we had a nice round table for the four of us. Menu was uninspiring but it is what we expected for this type of chain restaurant. I had the calamari for starters and it was ok, no complaints. The breadboard was also ok. 
A group of 5 of us visited this evening, we hadn't booked and were lucky to get the last available table, so worth booking if you want to guarantee a table. We had a pleasant meal, shared starters were nice and gave a good variety to try. Main courses were good portion sizes and tasted lovely, although the calzone was a little dry. 4 of us also had deserts. 4 of us had a couple of alcoholic drinks. We were lucky enough to get 25% off our bill as we had a voucher ( often available on app voucher code or money supermarket). Service was efficient but not that friendly and no apology when I spotted the bill was incorrect. 
I went on valentines it was busy but there were several tables free. I had read the butter chicken was amazing but i have to say i disagree with it. Although it seems the staff recommend it, i have had better butter chicken. The chicken in the butter chicken was dry & that to me let it down & the sauce was average. We ordered drinks which arrived alot later than the food 20-25 mins later which was unacceptable especially when one drink was a coke & other people who arrived alot later than us got their drinks before us. We ordered 5 plates to share hot dog beef brisket sliders mac & cheese kafta meshwi & the butter chicken. The mac & cheese was not at all good. The beef brisket was ok but it is dry & i do not think horseradish really compliments them. The bone marrow with the sliders was tasty. Overall i do not think any of the plates were anything amazing that that we ordered. However the staff were friendly & they did provide us with free drinks due to the long wait. It may have been an off day at the restaurant due to valentines. Unfortuanetly i will not be returning anytime soon to the place.  
Good points: 
As you can expect from Prezzos, it's a well priced meal when you have a voucher (which are readily available), however the service here was poor. Having booked a table we were told to wait an extra 45mins to be seated, which is unacceptable - especially when people who had not booked were being seated before us. Initially once seated the staff seemed very attentive, however they forgot our dessert order (after we had waited 20mins for it), proceeded to pack the restaurant up whilst we were still seated and then gave us the wrong bill. Very poor service. 
Popped in twice during our weekend as it was on route to our hotel! Very nice old pub with good selection of ales and nice waiting staff who recommend and guide you as needed. Had a lunch snack which was also very good and not badly priced.  
My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Park Lane for 11 nights in which Lanes is located. Our first night in the hotel we ate at Lanes for dinner. Maybe I am simplistic, but for the life of me, I could not understand the menu offerings. The narrative describing the offerings was a tad too pretentious and difficult to decipher. I wound up eating something with pumpkins in it, which was good, but I could not find anything else that appealed to me. Why can't Lanes just have good, solid food offerings that don't need an explanation to understand? Lanes is trying too hard to be edgy and avant garde in my opinion. 
Staff fab and most dishes decent value but ... Why do they shut the bar at 11pm? Really? It's a restaurant not a pub ... 
What lets Vinoteca Chiswick down is the service. Some of the staff are AWESOME and really fab, but others can be downright surly. No smiles, perfunctory throwing of menus on the table, not responding to questions, bringing the wrong things... Shame as otherwise the food is serviceable, the wine list great and it's a nice space. Won't rush back this time. 
I’ve been there a couple of times but not for a while. Was really looking forward to a Sunday roast but the menu was (understandably) limited compared to previous visits. Our servers Keeley and Emily were great as usual but the food was disappointing and the pub definitely needs a bit of love - it’s looking a bit shabby. Unfortunately the beef was tough and even though the portions were generous I didn’t think it was as good as before. £7 for a brownie dessert seemed a bit steep but maybe that’s me? The Manager did give us a discount but I’m afraid we won’t be rushing back. Shame. 
It was ok, food was good, the place is dirty and cheap with not the best service but it is like in the most thais 
Quaint looking pub in the Bayswater area - where we stayed - which we chose to meet up with friends. 
The decor is quite traditional. The service was very friendly and fairly efficient. The food itself was pretty average. I had Pad Thai which were vey sweet, though a good sized portion. I ordered some vegetables to go with them. I went for the aubergine and they were pretty vile, they tasted like thy had been fired in oil which had gone off. My hasban had chicken with basil and chilli which was OK. 
This is a very friendly, seemingly family-run restaurant. We were perhaps a little early, but the place was full of screaming, sometimes unruly children. Food was fine - but to be charged £25 for a bottle of far too sweet, non-alcoholic wine was unreasonable! 
It was better before it was opened compared to today. The food wasnt that authentic and the service was slow. I was disappointed. 
Our first time visiting Chislehurst and I opted to book here as the reviews on the whole were pretty good. We arrived 30mins early and asked if it was possible to be seated, they were happy to accommodate. The restaurant was empty when we arrived, this may have been due to the fact it was 12.30 and maybe a little too early for some. Disappointingly though we were still the only ones there an hour later when we left. The service was good and the waitresses very pleasant. Drinks arrived within minutes of ordering them.  
Wife and I had dinner here, having not been to this restaurant for several years during which ownership has changed. 
This is a small good looking restaurant (chain of wine bars/open kitchen) off Chiswick High Street. We dropped in on a weekday and got a table easily, and the restaurant quickly filled up. 
Vinoteca could be a fabulous restaurant and I suspect sometimes it is. It wasn’t when we went. Service was slow and almost but not quite unfriendly. Everything on the menu sounded delicious and I was getting quite excited however when it came the food was fine but ultimately disappointing. This applied to both starters and main courses. The slow cooked veal in particular was poor - very chewy when it should have fallen apart. The bavette steak was good but they forgot the horseradish sauce, the ravioli was delicious but too al dente. The fried fish lacked lemon and salt. To cap it off, when we asked for the bill we waited and waited and, even though we were very relaxed, we had to chase them twice. All very frustrating when this restaurant could have been so good. Grrrhh!  
I visited Vinoteca few times over past 3 years living in Chiswick. Every time I really enjoyed food and wine, but didn’t enjoy service :( It’s never possible to swap sides, tricky for someone with food allergy. They will tell you few times that you need to leave soon (especially funny it was yesterday, when restaurant was totally empty). Once I’ve decided to celebrate my BD there, they accepted my prepayment but didn’t tell me that such a booking comes with set menu. When my guests come they simply refused to give us usual menu, without apologising for their own mistake. I was in such an embarrassing situation thanks to that.  
We went on a Thursday night and were the only people in the restaurant for the duration of the meal. 
Well, I really liked the place, the service was nice but the food is under expectations.  
This is our second visit and we were a bit disappointed. It was very expensive (£90 for two) and a bit bland. No dressing on the salad and no seasoning on the meat. Will not be rushing back. 
Work colleague and I decided to try Thai in Richmond. It was ok, nothing to write home about. Menu's were a tad tired and unadventurous but the food pleasant enough.  
Having visited before and had a good meal we took friends for a meal. The starter was very goo and we all enjoyed it. On the whole our friends enjoyed their meal but two of us ordered the steak, the most expensive item on the menu and one was good and the other was very tough. In fact so tough that it could not be eaten. Although I tried very hard. At the end of our meal when they came to collect our plates I told the waitress and she offered to get me another but it was too late then. The steak was cooked perfectly to my liking, medium but the steak itself was tough. We thought they would remove the cost from the bill but they didn't. Do not order the steak! 
This place is all about the alcohol, with the food pretty much an after-thought in my opinion. I visited with a couple of friends in April and whilst the service is good and the wine list extensive, the food is completely uninspiring. I had lemon sole which ok, but its lentil base was completely tasteless. Both my friends were disappointed with their food - one had the risotto which was mushy and tasteless without the addition of salt and pepper. I can't remember what my other friend had but suffice to say, it was mediocre. Definitely won't be rushing back there I'm afraid. 
This place has it all... nice interior, great wine list but ... i have to agree with other reviews that the food ( and certainly price quality) is not up to standard. Unfortunately our fish was still raw, which we shared with the waiter when he kindly asked if everything was ok. These things can happen. Certainly on a busy Saturday night. But please have the decency to apologise or offer a solution and not just ignore it and put it on the bill without further explanation.. 
A good variety of Thai food well cooked and served by friendly staff. The influence of North Thailand is noticeable. The food is reasonably priced. This is an ideal venue after the theatre or cinema  
Reading some recent reviews of Vinoteca suggest that for some people it's really well-regarded, whereas others have real quibbles. This sums up my feelings; I really enjoyed some aspects very much, whereas others annoyed me. So, the wine choice was excellent - though arguably the sheer scale of the wine list is unnecessary and daunting. The food was excellent, though portions (I had a vegetarian ravioli) were to small, and rather pricey. The service was friendly - they allowed us to move away from the window table, where it would have been impossible for four of us to talk - but why have such a table? And the staff were quick to close the door each time someone entered, on a cold evening - but why not have a door that closes properly by itself? So my overall rating of 'average' is chosen with a slightly heavy heart: this could be an excellent restaurant. 
We came here for dinner on a Saturday evening with high expectations, but left a little underwhelmed. The restaurant is in a lovely spot in Chiswick, with an auspicious neighbour opposite (La Trompette); the décor and lighting all add to a welcoming and cosy atmosphere. It was certainly pretty busy, but the staff were lovely and friendly, and left us relax over a pre-dinner drink. 
The posh location, the grand entrance, the attractive photos in the outer showcase lured us in. We were welcomed by a kind Asian floor manager and seated to a central table, where we were served a complimentary snack. Then we waited. The dining room was half empty, but waiting times were long. Finally a smiling waitress took our orders. When were served after another longish pause, we found the food rather greasy and not impressive. 
4 of us dined at Vinoteca Chiswick. We had the Ndjua on bread, mixed hams, cheese and sausage to start. Followed by 2x pork chops and 2x lamb for main. We then decided to have a some cheese for dessert. 
There are quite a few pubs in this area and the Mitre didn't stand out although I have nothing to complain about it. Fair service, reasonable pricing and average food … stumbled in and would stumble back again. 
The food was average, the service was very good, we got table service from a very nice waitress. I would eat here again 
Met friend for drink, quite packed so had to share a table had some nice wines but expensive, nice NZ red but was £10 for a small glass! Had pork chop for dinner which was very nice perhaps too many lentils and not enough other variety on the plate - however pork chop was cooked beautifully and tender. Great ambience if a little crowded and great staff, attentive and very friendly 
This is my 3rd visit, the 1st time I had no complaints but the next two visits the service is painfully slow. It took us 25 minutes to get a drink. The staff are lovely but for a busy Saturday night service they need more staff waiting. 
It is ok but not very exciting. It has been in Richmond a long time snd has always been the same. It needs to be 'jollied up'. 
My partner and I dined here for dinner while on vacation in London. Our local tour guide recommended this place. 
Pleasant atmosphere, good menu and wine list. I had a perfectly reasonable bavette steak with chips, but no bargain at the price. I had brie de meaux afterwards. the waitress did not appear to recognise this as something on the menu. More seriously, this was not brie de meaux as it should be served - quite insufficiently ripe or runny. I pointed this out at the time. I did eat it, so could not really object to it appearing on the bill, though some restaurants might not have charged. The waitress was nowhere to be seen when we were ready to leave, and we had to retrieve our coats ourselves from where they were hung up. i was content with a visit earlier in the year, but won't return 
The food here was great. Maybe over priced in comparison to other pubs. Would visit agakn fir drink or two.  
Have now eaten here on a number of occaisions and we still think the menu is a little limited and the food is overpriced. The wine list is extensive and has lots of wines from out of the way places. Having just been to Puglia we were pleased to find a bottle of 100% Susumaniello (Little Donkey) from A Mano, at £30 just within the reasonable level of price. 
Friendly service, decent Thai food and a quiet, relaxing ambience about the place. 
A very small restaurant/wine bar. Setting is nice with a very lively atmosphere. A very good selection of reasonably priced wines, but a very limited food menu. The food was very well presented of good portion size and good quality. However the menu was very limited and of the selections available were very similar. For example of the five starters three included tomatoes and cheese and two dishes were separated by the fine difference between squid and cuttlefish. This would not put me off a return visit but I would hope that the menu changes regularly. 
I had visited this restaurant with my husband last year and thought it a little gem. Therefore I took my friend who is a bit of a foodie and I was very disappointed. The food was bland and overpriced. I sent me vegetables back as they were over cooked. It could be such a great local restaurant but did not deliver on this occasion.  
This was probably the closest British pub to our hotel. We had to try one while in London. I'd a nice beer - local Stout. And a serving of pie. The food was all right - while the gravy was on the jelly side. 
The staff in this place were really delightful. Good chablis for reasonable price. We had lovely chargrilled pork and prawns but crab soup and tofu starter were bland. Disappointed by papaya salad which I normally love but couldn't finish this as bland. Tilapia in curry sauce was delicious as was pork green curry but veges were again a bit disappointing because of lack of oomph. Overall wouldn't bother again as lots of good thai places around which is a pity because they were so sweet. 
We had lunch for two recently. This is a very basic restaurant. It was not busy all the time we were there. We had chicken satay, the chicken was cut like meatball and put on sticks then deep fried; the chicken had not been marinated, so that was strange satay to see came out of a Thai restaurant but the dip was ok. Deep fried spring rolls were good but the fresh spring rolls (vietnamese spring rolls) came with just straight Hoisin sauce which was salty. It showed that the chef had no idea about the sauce for fresh spring rolls. They should have blended sweet and sour with hoisin sauce. Noodles and curry were ok but not unique. The service was ok. Perhaps she was a nervous foreign student. It's one of those restaurants where you come back home thinking you could do a better job at half the price. 
We have been regular visitors for lunch almost every weekend until the chef changed. We still go back there sometimes hoping the food is back to it's former quality but unfortunately it still has not yet happened.  
the food wasn't bad, nothing exceptional but consistent  
Stopped in here before a show at the Royal Albert Hall and had a cocktail in Ken's followed by dinner in Umami. They hide quite well on the website it is part of the crowne plaza. Food was delicious a. D fresh so no comments there at all. Service was poor with staff being told off by managers on the floor and just incompetence. For example we ordered a large glass of sauvignon blanc to which we were asked if that was red or white. The staff have clearly not tried the food and don't know what they are selling. Not overly impressed but also not overly surprised given its location.  
Had the crispy duck which is always a favorite and it was alright but nothing to write home about.. Pleasant atmosphere and good service but I left without being impressed-don't know why.I had seen an advertisement in the tube about a two course special dinner- had to ask for that menu because it wasn't offered. Didn't get it but should have been offered. 
Stopped off for tea on a business trip. Was pretty disappointed.  
We went there for a dinner and the food was really amazing! 
Staying at the hotel, ate here for 2 nights, first night standard fish & chips good quality , second night we had the Chinese dish of prawns, a big disappointment, 3 large prawns in sauce, extra charge for rice. We felt we had been ripped off & would not eat here again.  
We were looking for a well rated restaurant in Cobham to celebrate my in laws 56th wedding anniversary and having read the reviews of A Casa decided to try it out. 
The service was a little slow but they were very busy. The food was good but not the best i have had. 
There was a good selection of beers and a decent selection to choose from the menu. The meals were fine but the ordering/service process was a bit overly casual. 
If you view A Casa's menu on your mobile phone you will likely be auto-redirected to another site which will then auto-enrol you to a subscription.  
We ate lunch here today- most of us ordered off the set lunch menu while I ordered a la cart. I found it all terribly average and made with lack of effort. At first I thought maybe it was the set menu as it was a deal but my meal was not off that menu and not any better. It was ravioli with sautéed greens and they didn't strain them before pouring atop so the water from the greens made the ravioli watery.  
I hadn't realised before going here that it was a hotel's restaurant. It was lacking in atmosphere, as they often are. Food was no better than just about OK, quite greasy, and expensive for what it was. 
There is a great selection of beers and wines and slightly cheaper than many other pubs around the area. There was a large menu, although i did not eat so cannot comment. However there is a great cocktail bar underneath which is well worth a visit. 
We regularly take a walk at weekends around Chiselhurst and call in at the Crown for a drink and sometimes a bite to eat. We've always enjoyed calling in at the Crown. The atmosphere is civilised and relaxed, generally pleasant staff, decent bar service, good choices of wines and beers and not over-priced. Sadly though, on our most recent visit with friends and family, we were very disappointed by the quality of some of the food. Portion sizes are okay (nothing to complain about there) but the emphasis does seem to be on quantity over quality. The burgers we had were quite good but other dishes had the appearance just of being thrown together with not much care and left sitting in the kitchen to dry out before being served. We'll continue to call in at the Crown for a drink or two but won't bother eating there again. 
Although I have eaten in the downstairs pub of The Mitre on previous London visits, I finally made it upstairs to the Lord Craven. Its a bit hidden as the stairs aren't actually in the pub. the stairs leading to the dining room are next door - its easiest to enter directly from the street. Rather than entering the pub through the door on the corner, go up the street to the next door and head up a couple of flights of stairs. The dining room is small and holds about 8 tables (half of which are intended for 2 people). Only one table is intended for a semi large group (6 people). The superfood salad - asparagus, avocado, spring onion, feta cheese, quinoa and sunflower seeds - seemed to be missing avocado and had something like rhubarb in it. It was fine tasting, nice and fresh. It had no discernible dressing, so somewhat plain. Based on another traveler's recommendation I chose the chicken supreme with Sussex charmer cheese crust, buttered spring vegetables, and new potatoes as my main. I didn't notice until after I left that my dish was served without the potatoes. Nevertheless, the dish was good - moist chicken breast and beautifully cooked asparagus, broccolini and red bell pepper. I ended my meal with the lemon tart with clotted cream that was also good. One server covered the entire room and was polite and efficient. Prices were reasonable. I did leave with my appetite a little unsatisfied as I found the meal relatively small - especially without the potatoes, I suppose. I will likely return to The Mitre as I stay at a local hotel for business, but in the area, I prefer the food and atmosphere at The Swan which is a block down the street facing Hyde Park. 
Very busy pub but seemed to be no locals in it - only tourists - and for good reason. We found it to be very expensive - even by London standards - for what is just a very ordinary pub. £15.30 for a small G&T and a 250ml glass of red wine is well over the top! 
I love The Crown. Fantastic staff who really care, and a wonderful ambience. 
We had been to this place a few times before, and it was good. However, this time it was quite disappointing: they were really stingy with lamb, one of the roast potatoes was sour if it had been left in the warm for quite a while before roasting and started to go off, and the broccoli was yellow. Beef (although being cheaper than the lamb) was a better size potion though, and other vegetables was OK. 
Went here for Sunday dinner to celebrate 2 family birthdays. When I booked the table 2 weeks before required date(for 10 people) they said could we come at 5pm (wanted 3pm) becuase they had another large party at 3pm. This wasn't ideal but I agreed and asked the did they still serve roast dinners atthat time, which they confirmed. One 12th they phoned me at 5:30pm asking me where were we as our table was ready! I pointed out that I booked for 19th. When we arrived on 19th all was good and we all ordered roast beef. It wasn't until the orders had been taken and it was about 15 minutes later that we were told there were no yorkshire puddings. Some people in the party said they would have not ordered roast beef if thethad known but it was a bit late by then. Nothing was substituted for the lack of yorkshire puddings. Dinners were OK. Roast potates very small and very brown. Then it came to ordering desserts. There was only 6 items to choose from and 2 were no longer available. We ordered 5 Brownies and then 10 minutes later told there was only 3 left. Why book a party of 10 people at 5pm and then not have enough food. We were all very disappointed. Coul dunderstand if we hadn't booked but this is unacceptable. Won't be going back. 
The food was good, but the service was poor. We waited for our food over half an hour. When we finally asked for our food, it was served, but then waitress put the food on the table and then we had to wait more, when she went to bring the plates :) Not funny actually, when you are hungry and already been asking for your food. Everything was little bit in chaos unfortunately. 
The food at this restaurant (within an hotel) was actually quite good, well executed and with a good taste. The price too was quite reasonable.  
The ambience of this restaurant is very nice but the food is just average. It is a Thai place which is suppose to serve speciality but it is not so special 
Ate here one evening as we were staying in the Crowne Plaza Hotel, of which this restaurant is a part. The room was chilly and dark, and had no welcoming atmosphere, despite the pleasant staff who were doing their best. Food was absolutely fine but nothing special. Wine wasn't great, mine tasted watery. Prices were fairly reasonable for central London location - not cheap but definitely not ridiculous. Service of 12.5% was included, which I was happy to pay. Our meal was perfectly OK, and both quick and convenient as we didn't want to go out, but had we not been keen to remain in the hotel I would have taken one look at the dining area and gone elsewhere. 
This pub is ok. It is in a nice position and has friendly staff. It could be better with more attention to detail. One of our main courses and one dessert were not as described. One of us had Steak and Spitfire Ale Pie, the menu said it would come with 'mashed potato, savoy cabbage & leeks' it came with mashed potato, broccoli and carrots. The Baked Vanilla Cheesecake said 'with blueberry compote and fresh Cornish clotted cream' that came completely covered in blackcurrants and served with I think it was supposed to be apple flavour sorbet. When ordering no mention was made of any changes to the dishes, blueberry compote sounds as if it is separate in a pot or just poured around it. Another main course first selected was unavailable and this was early lunchtime when it was still very quiet. One final comment, the thin cardboard menu, easily replaceable was not clean and had some food stains on it.  
overpriced with slow service. No spice added to dish although when asked they did give us extra peppers to add. The fragrant rice was very fishy tasting. Overall we suggest going elsewhere 
We dined here twice for convenience since we were staying at the Crowne Plaza. Food was generally good though flavouring was a hit and miss on some of the dishes. Portions were small in comparison to the price. Service was slow and seriously lacking. 
Stopped off for lunch one sunny day in October. Restaurant was empty yet food took ages. Menu not that long 
We used to come here for lunch all the time when I was younger and even had our Christmas dinner in the private area one year so we were looking forward to returning. My mother and I came in for lunch with my toddler son and the waitress was absolutely lovely and made a huge fuss of him. We ordered our drinks quickly although we would recommend a drinks menu to make it a bit easier for people to see what's on offer and what isn't. We ordered sandwiches on granary and although they were delicious, I feel for the price some garnish wouldn't go amiss. A handful of salad leaves for example. My sons meal was excellent, although we did have to chase up the drink that comes with it, he had fish bites with baked beans and mash and enjoyed it immensely. The food was good and the customer service excellent however, there was absolutely no atmosphere as it was completely empty which was a shame. I also really feel it was too expensive for what it is. £2.95 for a portion of chips? Pubs charging restaurant prices can only get away with it when it's of an impeccably high standard and this just didn't meet that standard. We were also slightly overcharged for my sons meal as he didn't have a dessert so it should have been £1 less but we couldn't be bothered to cause a fuss so we just paid it. I'm not sure we would return as there are so many places to choose from locally and it didn't really stand out.  
Good reviews from locals led me to believe I would get something akin to my own culinary skills or better. When you cater for a British population and your reveiwers have only eaten the anglicised version of Italian food, the reviews are bound to be good. Unfortunately, as a well travelled Brit who has lived for years in Milan I have to give this place an average rating for food. Service was great. Still do not like this trend towards service charge. Did not request it be taken off this time as I have done in other restaurants. Brits seem to be embarrassed to do this. Not me! I expect good service when I go out, that is a minimum expectation. The rating is only about the food. 
Maybe my expectations were too high for this place. The food was just fine, nothing special. The staff was ok as well. 
I have stayed here a couple of times on business. The pub itself is nice but nothing special. The staff are friendly and the service is good.  
25 minutes is far too long to wait for your order to be taken. Only two tables of diners so really no excuse. We so nearly walked out.  
Pleasant atmosphere. Pleasant service but very average food for relatively high prices. 
My wife and I ate here whilst visiting the RHS Wisley show, staying a couple of nights in a local B&B. Having read previous TA reviews we had high expectations. 
We stayed in the accommodation at this pub which was excellent. A room with character, yet spotless and roomy. Lovely view over the Common. Spacious bathroom - very useful for two women getting ready. There is a rear entrance at the back which means you do not have to keep passing through the pub when you leave. The location was excellent, with a nice walk across the common to a parade of independent shops and Chislehurst Caves, which are eccentric - reminded me of English tourist attractions in the 70s! - but extremely interesting. We ate in the restaurant in the evening as the weather was foul: the food was no more than average and the waitress not particularly friendly but nothing to complain about. There was football on the tv and the conversation from the pub was quite loud so it was quite lively for midweek. 
Nothing to blow you away about this pub. Pretty generic looking. Food was pretty good. Had to move seat as half way through meal TV was turned up so loud we couldn't hear each other.  
The decor is quite pleasant, the food is OK, the service on the day we went was poor with sullen staff and a stilted atmosphere overall. Overall - fine but would not return. 
I ate at this restaurant which is located in the Crowne Plaza Hotel, where I was staying on the first night that I arrived. Both the food and service were average at best and I have had several good meals close to the hotel within a short walk. 
I was very excited to come here for dinner as the menu looked interesting and most of the dishes are traditional and 'safe'. However, my friend and I were very disappointing with the food. The squid fritters- were actually calamari rings, we weren't sure why they were called fritters on the menu? The vegetable rice main dish I ordered was more of a side and frankly was very bland. The food here isn't cheap so I am left confused why they can charge these prices for bland food. I would recommend to a friend and I wouldn't come back. The Tofu miso soup was okay but again nothing special. The service was okay but there was no atmosphere and it was a Friday night. 
I've been here for lunch several times with friends and my husband. The food was really good those times and the lunch menu is very good value. This time I took my mother-in-law. My normal order, the spicy fried noodles were excellent as usual. Everything else was below average. The satay did not have that chargrilled flavour. It was quite bland. The green curry my mother-in-law ordered was very watery and overly sweet. Hilltribe's fried noodle dishes are very good but the curries are not. What a disappointment.  
Great expectations not fullfilled. Fishcakes without the taste of fresh fish and main noodle course without real flavor and punch. Service good, but thats not enough to give value for money. 
This is the first time we have visited this pub, we moved to the area almost a year ago! Always looking for somewhere new..... 
The menu sounded good but it didn't really deliver - nothing specifically wrong with the food but the portions were minute, particularly the starters and the cod main course was very plain with minimal garnish and just some buttered new potatoes to go with it. I'm not picky but have been for several meals since our visit and looking back this was very average and I was still hungry at the end - it wasn't particularly cheap either and service was so swift it all seemed over very quickly. Hadn't eaten here for a quite some time and sadly it didn't seem half as good as it used to be. It is a lovely spot - particularly for a drink outdoors on a summer day/night, the staff and atmosphere are friendly and we will go back to drink but wouldn't rush to eat here again. 
Things to improve:  
The food was fresh and tasty and the service friendly enough but we were quite disappointed with other aspects some of which had been picked up by other reviewers. 
Visited this pub and sat in the garden. Overall the visit was so so. I was disappointed with the decor and the garden. It seemed tired and run down.  
We dined here with an offer for a set sharing menu. There was no ability to choose between items...you just had what you were given. All the dishes we had were cooked reasonably well but ultimately not memorable. The restaurant itself is typical of a hotel restaurant in that it lacks ambience. It’s also adjacent to a large bar area which was fairly noisy. We also found the service a bit below par, for example the waitress did not wipe down the table after dinner and proceeded to lay out the desert crockery and cutlery on a dirty table. Overall, a fairly average dining experience. 
Atmosphere good and waiters friendly and courteous. But really disappointed with the food. We all thought that there was very little flavour and a bit over priced for the food that we received. Is it all prepared and cooked freshly on the premises. We thought not.  
Lovely little pub in pretty surroundings. The restaurant area was nice but unfortunately we ate in the function room as it was so busy..... really enjoyed the food but the service was slightly lacking. 
Fancy setting as a restaurant in a hotel, food was OK, reasonable quality, but nothing to write home about. Drinks range quite narrow. Service pretty slow considering how quiet it was. You can do much better than this in London. Good pointer, we used our hotel membership number and got a 20% reduction. If you want interesting and high quality Asian Fusion food, go somewhere else. If you are happy with fairly dull and old fashioned pseudo Pan Asian food, it is fine. Sorry to be negative, but a bit disappointed overall.  
Had I known this was part of a hotel when I booked, I never would have gone. The problem is, for me, the lack of adventure and the atmosphere. As you can imagine, everything was safe, dull, and the atmosphere non existent. The food as ok, nothing more, but it was like eating in a waiting room, or more precisely, a hotel foyer ! 
I have eaten here many times, the food is pub grub and nothing more but if you want a decent burger or Sausage & Mash for a decent price this is your place. Very cosy restaurant. The staff although a little young in the restaurant and who seem easily distracted by the male members of staff, are sweet and mean well. 
We here last week with friends to eat. The Scampi was very average but the tagine was good. The pub is very comfortable with a lovely ambiance when we were there and I would definitely go back for drinks and probably to try something different, other than scampi, from the menu. 
We had the set menu for the sunday lunch, the options were quite good including some bits from the bar menu. Food could of been a little bit hotter but it tasted good. Lamb was a little chewey but everything else was good. Good size portion. 
We enjoyed a late lunch here, the food was good and plentiful, but very average. Nothing wrong with that at all, and we would return if in the area.  
Pretty place in a pretty road. Friendly staff & a good atmosphere. Prompt & helpful service. 
Second visit. Went there 9th Nov 17, group of six to commemorate birthday. Asked if there was somewhere to hang our coats but young girl waiter said : NO. Restaurant empty so I placed our coats in one the the nearby seats. If you want fish you will have to get it with bones, head and tail, or get something else. We don't take the bones out. Hurry up with your orders or the waitress gets annoyed. Almost like Fawlty Towers ! Unfriendly, dry, uncaring. As though they were doing us a favour to cook for us. Sad because my Pork Alantejana style was the best I had for years. The indifferent attitude of staff means there is no atmosphere in this restaurant and we won't be going back . 
After bypassing this restaurant in favour of others for several months we finally decided to try it out and have mixed feelings. The staff is really friendly, accommodating and made us feel well looked after. We met some friends after we were seated and the waitress offered to move us to a different table so we could sit together, which was really nice of her especially as the restaurant was full. 
Food was bland. Curries had a little spice, but no depth. The ambiance was as superficial as the menu. It feels like a hotel lobby, and that’s probably because it is a hotel restaurant. Disappointing and not value for money.  
We went for an early lunch so it was a quiet time at the restaurant. We were greeted warmly and served by a lovely lady Bernadetta. She put our order through quickly whilst we were choosing our drinks so that it didn't delay us. 
I went for lunch with my partner and for a Sunday lunch time, it was very quiet. I had been wanting to go for a family as I thought that concept was such a lovely concept and the thought of having authentic Italian food in London made me so happy. 
The food is delicious but hard to understand waitress as needed help with menu. Ended up with set menu which is not what all of us wanted. Really busy as had massive party they had to cater for. Wouldn’t go if you want a relaxed meal and enjoy the ambiance. Quick bite is good as food is delicious  
Have visited a couple of times both for eat in lunch and take away breakfast. The food is always very good but the service is always very very slow - particularly at lunch. 
Ate in here last night and the food was good but the place is lacking any sort of ambience. There's extremely bright lights overhead which makes you feel like you're eating in a staff canteen, shame really as there's lots of choice on the menu and it would probably be a nice place to go for a romantic meal if it felt cosier. On a personal level we sat next to really overpowering plug in room freshener which was so strong it put me off my food slightly, can't really see the point of that in a restaurant  
Food was fresh and cooked well. Very nice. We have been a few times and menu hasn't changed which is a shame a new dishes would be nice. Staff are mostly welcoming but some have been challenging. Small venue, if taking a few friends I suggest you book in advance as can be busy  
Decided to come to this cafe with my boyfriend this morning, he's been here a few times before for lunch and rates it highly! 
Its a small well decorated restaurant.  
We stopped in here for a quick lunch during our visit to Eton. This is a nice cafe with breakfast and lunch options. Take away or eat in. Service was prompt and food was good. A nice option for a quick bite. 
Visited here on a Monday afternoon for a 3 course sharing Pan -Asian meal with a glass of wine on a deal.Food consisted of a starter of prawn crackers with a dip,followed by a coconut based chicken soup with a plate of roti. Food was served piping hot. The mains consisted of a bowl of white rice,pad Thai noodles,fish curry and stir fry chicken with vegetables.Presentation of food was very plain and all dishes tends to be sweet. 
It’s a toss up between this place, the Italian next door or the heavily disguised ‘spoons down the way. I’ve eaten in all three and I’d say this is a pretty good spot. I had the veg breakfast with falafel in an attempt to be healthy - I’d say have the meaty one instead as the lamb sausages are excellent in the South Ken branch. The eggs had a reheated feel to them but otherwise it was a good solid repast. The tea arrives in a faintly Middle Eastern looking metal pot - ask for extra water as it’s v small. Can’t really fault the place - service is a little distracted but nothing chronic. It’s also quite a light, bright place unlike the competition.  
This place is called counter, or canteen. This is not supposed to mean gastronomic restaurant, but more some place to eat something in an atmosphere. The seats do not shine by their comfort, and the decoration (very much like a Lebanese bazaar, with bags and other items for sale) and background songs do not shine by their discretion. The resulting atmosphere was ok given the mood of the present customer, but we can understand that this will not fit every people's wishes. 
Went evening of 7th September. Sat outside as it was a hot evening. Was given a vibrating stick to notify me when me dinner was ready. Arrive and food just about ok. Had spicy jerk chicken and rice. Was well cooked but could have had more spice to it.  
We went this place because of the comments and opinions but we found a Asian restaurant with current dishes, not special flavors. I didn't feel the service like a distinguished Asian service. The place is beautiful with a lovely terrace. Bill is too high for this food, according with the area.  
To be honest I expected better quality. I know its the airport and the price/value ratio is not going to be good. But I was surprised that the chicken wrap was so poor. Or perhaps I should say not inspiring. Drinks were very expensive. I wont rush to return.  
This establishment is operated by Lebanese men. Very good service. Breakfast was simple and great. Recommended.  
It was most welcome to see something different at the airport and I had high hopes. The environment was great and the coffee excellent. However the fresh orange juice was weak possibly with added water and my French Toast Lebanese style was a poor one. 
...but it's basically in a hotel lobby! They've done little to dress it up, the flooring, tables, lighting/decorations/ambience (none). A divider on rollers serves as the "wall" with the actual lobby. All that said, I enjoyed my meal (even if the menu is limited and the service was a bit uneven): the chicken/coconut soup (really good!), a mussels/shrimp app (ok), and really nice black pepper lamb (on the bone). Asian food is a very competitive genre for restaurants in London...you can get delicious food AND a nice setting many places. I won't be back. 
Stopped off here are preferring the more authentic look and interior to somewhere like Café Apostrophe. The coffee is okay, very hot when served but no ice cube offered to the point where the coffee is absolutely scalding, it takes a while to cool down. Also, our barista did not offer to place a lid or cardboard ring on the cup, so we did that ourselves. Thought that might have been a courteous gesture. £2.45 for a regular Americano.  
Had a dinner before late evening flight. Food is reasonable, especially lamb burger, but it seem the management goal was to cram as many tables as possible, therefore it was very uncomfortable - guests and waiters had to squeeze behind people to get to the middle of the room, and one ends up facing guest at the next table almost face to face. 
I gotta back up greg19073554 from a few reviews down (along with others) who talk about the slow service. I mean, it was ridiculously slow. It wasn't that the staff didn;t care. It just felt like the coordination between them was lacking. You'd get a dish. You'd wait 20 minutes. Something else would come. You'd then wait 40 minutes (no joke, I waited 40 minutes for my main dish).On the plus side, the atmosphere is great, there's a wonderful familial charm, and the food is good... perhaps not good enough to warrant the service, but like I said, the staff was so nice (both to the customers and each other) that you almost wanted to excuse it. It kind of felt like a Sunday family dinner where some things come out now, some things come out later and you just kind of ride with it. To some that will feel charming, to others unprofessional. I guess I fell somewhere in the middle. 
Food was good, service was awesome, they didn't mind when we needed to switch to a banquet because the sides of the chairs were digging into my sides, ouch! The restaurant was a bit warm, it wasn't a temperature where I wanted to stay too long and drink more alcohol. If I lived here I would go again.  
This was my first time visiting this mini chain. Great food choice and the lamb I had was excellent. I also loved the eclectic surroundings in the aircraft hangar that is terminal 4 at heathrow. 
Nice place and Nice food, however bad value price, the staff wasn't very pleasant and within the 29£ formula per person they forgot to serve us the espresso and desert. 
Excellent service from our waitress Sanne, who was friendly and efficient. The meal was above average but I found the lamb curry a little too salty for my tastes. 
Firstly, this restaurant is in a hotel, something that I did not know when I booked, and I probably wouldn't have booked if I had known. If this place was part of your hotel, you would perhaps rate it higher, but to an outside visitor, the food was below average. 
This is the restaurant of the Crown Plaza hotel. We had Thai food at this place - very tasty food. Good menu. However, the service was quite slow. At one point when we wanted to pay the bill and asked the waiter, she brushed off! Hope you have a better experience with the service though.  
It is mix oriental food which are a lot of fusion not authentic. Could be a great place for the meeting. Great location, atmosphere and decoration  
Must have waited for 30 for our food to start to arrive. The food is above average standard, and is nice to eat if you don't mind them not being authentic. 
went to umami as we were staying in hotel Xenia just up the road. we decided to go here for my wife's graduation meal. service was slow. I mean there were people who came way after us and got their meals before us. there was also some confusion about what we had order and as a result my wife's main didn't arrive until the end of the meal. they did take the main off the bill. staff are friendly, menu is nice but I found some of the dishes not as authentic as I've eaten in the far east. 
I ordered some lamb kofta with vermicelli rice, it was really tasty but the portion was so small and for the price of £10 something, it was a rip off. The waiters ignore the restaurants customers quite habitually as I have observed. The rose mint tea was really nice.  
We visited after a short trip to London.  
Late group of us attended midweek for dinner.  
I has read a lot about La Mia Mamma and thought it was an interesting concept. Took my elderly parents for lunch on Saturday. Service was slow and although there appeared to be a few staff about they seemed preoccupied. We waited quite a few minutes to be seated whilst a waitress was on the phone. Not great with two old people well over 8. The food was nice but nothing special, presentation in individual saucepans novel. Puddings were particularly disappointing. May try one more time when there is a different region in town. It needs to up its game to survive.  
We went for dinner, 8 guests including 3 children. Great atmosphere and the waiting on staff were very attentive. I’ll get the negatives out of the way first. The kids ordered 3 pizzas, one without pineapple (which came on it and we had to pick off), and one without basil (which again we had to pick off when it arrived). Other than that they were lovely. One of my parents ordered the peppercorn chicken on tagliatelle which didn’t arrive, we asked for it when the other 7 had arrived, and they appeared a beef tagliatelle dish. We sent this back and 5 mins later mum had a chicken tagliatelle, although not peppercorn and without courgette. She did speak to them and they offered to remake the meal she wanted however given that everyone else was already eating she opted to have it instead. Although it was, in her words “boring” the restaurant kindly did not charge for the meal but did try at the start to say it was the meal she’d ordered which it deffo wasn’t. It was a £300 meal after everything else (the Gavi de Gavi was lush) but if I could make 1 recommendation you should check that the order you place is the one they have. It was a busy Saturday night however it was a special meal for us. That said, the Gamberonni (prawns in chilli) were amazing, and the fillet steak was cooked to perfection. Don’t let this put you off, just make sure they confirm the order you’ve made as the food really is excellent and the waiting on staff are lovely.  
The food and service is good. The waiters are very attentive and alert to the customers need. I will definitely be eating in this place the next time I am in Gatwick airport. 
Nice informal restaurant with good atmosphere  
This restaurant is a nice change to airport food as it is nice and fresh Lebanese food is not very heavy. 
Eggs and toast. Nothing too Lebanese about the breakfasts on offer. This is mostly limited to foul medames. Lunch and dinner menus much more interesting. Food otherwise was fine. Coffee was nice.  
I enjoyed the food and wine but the service here leaves a lot to be desired. Won't go back in a hurry after paying £80 for lunch when the welcome and service was, frankly, very poor, unfriendly and no smiles. 
Second time here in the past 1 month. As soon as we entered the restaurant, we were told that due to Shortage of staff food would arrive in 15-20 minutes, but we were actually served very quickly. Good on them. This time though the food was a bit below average. Tagine was good. But the falafel was undercooked. I had to return the falafel unfortunately. The waitress was very apologetic and I wasn't charged for the falafel. But to be honest getting a falafel wrong in a Lebanese restaurant is sacrilege. The issue I reckon was in the haste to cook the dish, the oil temperature was too high making it crisp and almost burnt on the outside but still raw on the inside. 
We had been to La Mia Mamma when it first opened with some friends and had a lovely meal, we sat in the window and everything came out in a timely manner - we couldn’t fault the concept/evening at all. 
We arrived and waited for some time before being noticed and seated. We then waited some time before orders were taken. The food was good but starters did not all come out at the same time. Mains were good and did come out at the same time. Food was not too spicy and good sized portions for both single and sharing dishes. Overall a pleasant experience but service and timing could be improved.  
1. Location- Excellent. It's on 100 Cromwell Road next to a hotel. 
Great atmosphere, very friendly service however the food ranged from average to really quite poor. Everything seemed to go through the microwave.  
Went to Comptoir Libanais last week with my Mum when flying out from Heathrow Terminal 4. We were there early morning and looked at a few menu's for breakfast and were not sure what to choose, however we wanted to have something with taste. 
The taste of the food is good, no question.  
I really enjoy food from this part of the world, so excited to see this as a T4 addition. I don't go to an airport and expect to have a great meal, and this place backed it up. 
The staff were charming and the food was good, but the hygiene in the kitchen was not what it should be. I saw the had chef cut his finger badly, blood coming down the makeshift small bandage he put on it and he didnt cover it or stop cooking and prepping. Blood was oozing out of the bandage and he just carried on - no attempting to cover it further. I was quite horrified. 
We had our breakfast here after knowing the access to club lounge entitles us to also this place. There is a special menu whereby you can order chicken noodles and how you would like your eggs made. 
I had lunch there on Sunday with a couple of friends and although the food was really good, the service was bad. After telling that my pasta came with cheese on top when I asked not to, they came back with the same pasta but tossed, trying to made a fool of myself? It's advertised that Italian mamas cook each meal, but in the open plan kitchen I could only see two guys, so where were the mamas? 
Sterile, hotel-lobby-chic interior should have warned me off. But I had a theater engagement, and the greeter promised to get me in and out in 75 minutes. Asian fusion menu with a little bit of everything, emphasizing Thailand/Malaysia/Singapore. A Vietnamese style spring roll appetizer was good, but the main course, a lamb curry ostensibly from the chef's mother's recipe was one-dimensional and a bit bland. 
We chose this restaurant as had seen great reviews. It is easily reached and located in a small village close to Heathrow airport and Slough.  
Went here for dinner the other day and had a curry - the food menu is almost all curry. 
Good quality of food and combination. Poor lost of wine but with fair price. We have been twice with two different service. Waiting for a table the second time with a non-welcome approach from the waitress. Not the quality you expect from that hotel chain. Worthwhile a visit once for the food. We had 2 starter an 2 curry dishes with 2 glass of wine. Price at 82 with tips that is imposed in the bill - not really classy!  
Staff were welcoming and pleasant. We sent through a reservation 30mins before we arrived and mostly expected that we wouldn't be able to get a table and that they wouldn't have received the last minute reservation request- but they did!! We were on the list and they had a table reserved for us- amazing. I have a shellfish allergy which meant I was a bit limited in my choices. This meant we also weren't offered any prawn crackers which my husband was a bit miffed about. Portions were on the small side for our starters but everything tasted wonderful. I had chicken satay and my husband had spring rolls. For mains we had an Indonesian Curry and Pad Thai. Both nice but not excellent. I had ice-cream to finish. Coconut which was lovely and Ginger which was also lovely but had obviously been sat out for a while as it was incredibly melted. All in all- quick attentive service but food was distinctly average. 
Asian restaurant with good prices and appropiate quality. Very well located and the best is the service. Well done Chiara! My wife and I really enjoyed! 
This local od pub is set on the village green in Horton, Berks. 
It was a pleasure to try and test this Italian Restaurant. Very kind people! 
If you’re looking for an average pub this is great they have an okay selection of drinks. The staff are quite moody most of the time. Could do with being slightly friendlier 
Very authentic Italian! Atmosphere felt all through I was actually in Italy. I’m vegetarian and found it a bit difficult to find the vegetarian options on the menu, the pasta was very very salty however the started was loverly with bread as well. Really good table service.  
I do not eat beef. I just eat chicken and the chicken choices are less here! If you eat beef, skip my comment  
The restaurant belongs to the Crown Plaza Hotel and actually looks like a Hotel Restaurant with little personality . 
We did book a table for 9pm, nine of us.  
What a lovely pub to visit. We only stopped for a drink hence why we only rated 3 star but we will be sure to return soon to try the food. Garden is lovely, bar staff were so nice and welcoming. 
Reservation: I easily made a reservation through their website. Few days later, I received a phone call that they needed a deposit since we were a big group of people - I called them back to give them the deposit, but the 'Manager' was unavailable and never called me back. On the day, i received a phone from the 'Manager' and she could barely speak English asking me ' if I want to cancel my reservation'. Apparently, she wanted to confirm my reservation.  
Food quality is average but the restaurant lacks ambiance and internally requires the decor to mprove 
Food wasn't excellent. Not bad by any means, just not up to the standards I was expecting. We had the Asian tasting menu, and some courses were better than others. Atmosphere was top notch albeit a bit noisy, and service was immaculate and very friendly. The staff really can't be faulted. They were very kind and seemed to enjoy they jobs, which made us enjoy our evening.  
After many friends raving about La mia Mamma, the food did not disappoint. Very authentic plates and cooked by real Italian mammas which was great!  
A friend and I have just moved to the area and thought we would try the Castle Inn for a pub roast dinner - it was okay, a good size portion but nothing particularly special. It advertises as coming with stuffing and red wine gravy, but there was no stuffing and it tasted like normal gravy. As I say, it was okay but we were expecting more after reading the menu. The staff were very friendly, we would go back for a drink but probably not to eat! 
Burgers are alright, nothing special to be honest; in fact, I’d go as far as to say relatively bland (the meat has little flavour and really any flavour comes from the accompaniments, which are nothing special). Onion rings were greasy and fries were alright but a little under cooked.  
The ambience was very good, the waitress we had was excellent, very professional and friendly, top class service. The menu it self was not very large and quite expensive, the starters when they came out were quite small, the mains were well cooked but nothing special. The experience as a whole was good but probably wouldn't go back 
The Castle Inn is a nice pub, the food is OK pub food but I can be quite disappointing because there is a lack of selection and it’s not always that tasty. The people are friendly and they have a good beer selection. It’s really cozy inside. Overall good pub, more for drinking. 
Nice food in decent pub. Lots of space, not many customers. No longer Thai. Pleasant atmosphere and service. Recommended.  
Come here with a large group of friends for the bottomless brunch. We were a little late but they was very friendly and let us have our brunch a little later. Food was nice and drinks were great too with different choices rather than just prosecco - for £25 all in you cannot go wrong! 
Been coming here for over a year and food is still as excellent. 
I love honest burgers and have been to most! However this was a very disappointing visit to a site I hadn’t been to before. The burgers as always were of good quality, however the chips tasted like they hadn’t been cooked properly and the place was dirty... I hope this isn’t a sign that with success and expansion come poor quality!!  
Amazing food, would deffo love to have food again. However the only downfall would be the staff as they were rude, which made the experience a bit unpleasant, would like to return to see if any changes are made due to the lovely food. 
Honest used to be outstanding for gluten free; best rolls I’d ever tasted, gorgeous gf onion rings, gf lager. But now they seem to use crappy supermarket bread, and stodgy onion rings - one of these cases of - just because it’s gluten free, doesn’t mean it’s worth eating. Shame. At least I’ve now been cured of my obsession with Honest Burgers at last - very disappointing today.... 
The place is beautiful and very atmospheric. The service was very slow and below average. The food was average and arrived a bit cold after a long wait. Warmed up potatoes, the promised crusty bread was a slice of white bread. 
booked online & saved 20%. Had to remind staff of this when bill came. Staff on whole pleasant & attentive. Usual gripe - had to ask for water for the table. maybe this is a London thing but living in Scotland we expect this as standard. It does such a lot for customer service. This restaurant is part of Crown Plaza Hotel & is a bit noisy being next to the main bar and reception. Not an overly comfortable place.Toilets are across reception & downstairs - helps to build up your appetite! Toilets not overly clean and soap/lotion dispensers in bit of a state - and they don't contain what they say they do - Need to pay more attention when refilling them. For a hotel of this standard - very disappointing . Onto the food - Chicken Sate sharing starter good size & tasty. Husband's Mee Goreng looked very unappealing and he said he had eaten much better at cheaper places. I had the Gai Yang with steamed rice - very good. Not overly spicy or laden with sauce - a good dish. 12.5% service charge was added to Bill - which on table for 2 is steep and harsh. I would like to be able to tip as I see appropriate - which I usually do - but not if it is automatically added.This meal was OK - but not good, without the 20% online booking discount I would have been very disappointed. 
Disappointed to visit vujon for the first eat in since lockdown to be told no alcohol is being served anymore. I like a glass of wine with my food and the non alcoholic replacement was expensive for what could have been mistaken for an appletizer  
We visited on a quiet bank holiday as part of a family walk in the countryside.  
The food was very fresh: nice accompanying salad and delicious chips (though a really paltry portion)with my sandwich. Service was a  
We were looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in Kensington area and this billed itself as offering Vietnamese food (among others) and is highly rated so we took a chance. Didn't realize at the time of booking this was simply an Asian themed hotel restaurant - if I'd have known we'd have never gone but once we realized it was too late to change plans. Nothing wrong with it but just felt like another hotel restaurant - very corporate feeling and completely lacking in charm. The only thing Vietnamese on the menu seemingly was the spring rolls (not sure what makes them Vietnamese or different from any other spring rolls). Limited menu for an Asian restaurant and nothing seemed particularly authentically Asian including the staff. Food was fine but hotel priced and portions were small. Not particularly good value for money and again not what you expect when going to an Asian restaurant. I see no compelling reason to go here unless you have to eat in the hotel. 
We have been several times and this evening it was average. Food was not as spicy and tasty, and rather bland. Nan bread was average, pillau rice was boiled and not fried - which was not real pillau rice fried in ghee.  
the food in this place is fantastic the problem is the staff the most miserable and un-polite people i have ever come across in any restaurant anywhere ...what a shame come on boss man get a grip of these people..!!...oh why no wi-fi 
Food was OK...nothing special. Carvery served potatoes cooked from frozen and the Yorkshire were very small and over done/ kept warm for too long. Other family members had the pork belly and said it wasn't great.  
Good food, excellent table service. Guests at the hotel are given a 50% discount on the set Malaysian menu. Even so, it was expensive for what was provided. Watch out for the 12.5% service charge slapped on the bill at the end.  
Nice location in a chic hotel in Gloucester Road. The stand out feature of this restaurant is the staff who were excellent from start to finish, very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and cuisine. Starters were very tasty but the rendang curry main was slightly uninspired. A decent choice if you are in the area 
Over the years I've enjoyed the food here but they went from having banquet once a week to having it almost daily. 
The food at Umami is very good, but definitely airs on the side of "fusion". We ordered pad thai, and although the dish was delicious, it looked more like your traditional chinese stir fried vegetables with brown sauce over noodles. Good--just didn't taste much like pad thai. They also offer many dishes from Singapore and Malaysia, which are unique compared to the usual Thai, Chinese and Japanese fare at most fusion restaurants. 
A lovely pub in a beautiful area. Very warm and fridndly as you enter, and a good place for all of the family with smaller kids. A good menu with options for vegetarians like me. My only problem was, where the pub needs to do better, is that it took over an hour for our order to be served and when it was, there was little or no attention given to presentation. It made the food look unappetising. Further more the dishes were all so bland, with no depth of flavour. This pub belongs to a chain so if anyone from the chain is reading this, you need to fix up and up your game. 
Well we went here to meet and catch up with a friend and the food was warm not hot and the food was very basic, the Naan was crisp not soft too which was not good either.  
Really disappointed again with the Sunday buffet. The food was not topped up frequently enough. When each item run out we waited way too long for it to be replenished. Then the rice run out, the naan also run out. Service was very slow. Will definately not be returning as this was not the first time.  
ordered a takeaway the food good as always, but beware the staff are nothing short of useless they dont seem to understand card numbers ..you have to tell them 3 or 4 times [terrible] and then they get it wrong ...what a shame as the food is excellent...come on boss man sort these useless people out once and for all ... 
Having read the really good reviews we decided to give this a try. Sadly it did not live up to the reviews. Don't bother of you're not a fan of Anglicised bland curry.  
We came here for dinner one evening as I had read the reviews and thought I'd try it. 
Firstly the food was delicious, we went for the Thursday evening buffet which for what you get was a really good price. there was 3 of us, we each had a starter, main and veg dish and then shared some rice and naan between us. The food came out hot, yummy and was devoured immediately.  
After using the restaurant for years mainly for takeaway the staff knew us so after checking the reviews before going as we were taking a family member that had never been I couldn’t believe the staff would be rude. We had booked a table of 5 and when were were asked for our order we asked for a few more minutes to be told in a stern voice they were booked out for the evening. So instantly felt rushed. The menu for their banquet night stated you got dice & bread to which the waiter was insisting was rice or bread. He was not happy to be told & means and.. and he reluctantly allowed us both. If he had been more tactical and less rude we honestly didn’t need both. Straight after taking out order he got tipex out and changed the menu. 
I went to Vujon after seeing their advertised banquet nights outside on their board , advertising that it was £10.95 per head for starter main course and side dish , and reading several reviews that said it was excellent. 
I have ordered take away from this restaurant on many occasions and usually the food is good. We decided to book a table on a Saturday evening to celebrate my wife's birthday with some friends.  
Fair choice to choose from. Went for Sunday buffet with the family (7) . Felt a bit rushed but good value for money. Staff could've been happier! 
Nice atmosphere staff were friendly . The maitre d needs assistance Seriously Overpriced - fish cakes were too small - that includes all starters .  
I have been to Vujon a few times. Boring I may be but generally have the same dish which has always been great. But recently, the last 2/3 times I have been, the paneer has been awful. Chewy, bad texture, over cooked? Come on guys. I know you can do better. 
I arrived at 9.10 pm and was seated at a table.  
Ordered a takeway for 3, approx £34.00. Food boxes were not marked so no way of knowing contents. Food disappointing as too much liquid in food. Butter chicken was sauce with chicken cubes thrown in rather than chicken cooked in sauce. I provided feedback next day to the manager, who was apologetic, and was told we could go back for a meal to the same value, on them. When I went back the manager was not there and i was rudely treated by a surly waiter who was obviously unhappy about my getting a free meal and told me to go back in half an hour; i felt very uncomfortable and the bag was thrust into my hand with a scowl. Because of that never again thanks.... 
Ate here one time because it is was in the hotel. Food tastes OK but portions were small. You can probably get better value somewhere else. They even mixed up my check with someone else's. 
Between the slow service and the French hostess/server, I'll pass on this in the future. It was made perfectly clear by our hostess/server she didn't want to seat us. Only after her manager intervened did we feel welcomed. The service was horribly slow. The food, for the most part, was good.  
Situated inside a hotel but separate, this is a nicely decorated Asian style restaurant. The food is not too hot or spicy so would suite those looking for a lighter style thai/asian or as an introduction to same. Service was good though had to ask for drinks etc but no big deal and they were pretty full. Would be 3.5 stars if such a score was available. 
The food was good , but not exceptional. The service was very good and attentive. The decor on the walls and the music is Persian and in keeping. 
Pizzas are delicious, altough i got diarrhea from the normal margarita, but not from the special margarita. 
In the South Kensington area on business, I chose this restaurant on the strength of the appealing menu posted outside. After I was seated, the waiter explained that tonight (a Tuesday night in April) there was a 'reduced' menu: about half the items were unavailable, including those that had caught my eye outside. As a vegetarian, this left me with a pretty limited choice. The food I had was adequate (excellent soup, decent stirfried bokchoi and rice) but it wasn't really what I wanted! I was disappointed. I also found the service oppressively attentive: there were 4 staff serving about 5 occupied tables and I was asked if my food was OK 5 times by 3 different waitresses during just 2 courses. Sometimes, when dining alone after a long day's work, you just want a little peace... 
we eat some vegetarian dishes, all the food was good but we can't say it was really amazing. the service was very good, all people were very kind and prepared to give us suggestions about the menu. the waitress, probably french, who served us was extremely nice and kind. a nice place, after all. 
I am not convinced the restaurant has sufficient staff. Cost cutting maybe. The positives. Food was tasty (risotto very good) BUT took an age to be served, sat with empty glasses (and starter plates) for 15 minutes. Poor service all round spoiling what could have been a nice evening. Improvement required  
Prezzo’s cannot be faulted on their food. If you are going to visit the Upminster one though either go in July/August or dress for the Arctic and take a blanket or two, there are definitely major temperature and aircon problems and the staff say that they cannot do anything about it and don’t actually seem bothered although there were lots of people saying the same thing to them, not an enjoyable experience all in all so after experiencing this for a second time we don’t go to this one anymore purely for that reason 
Met some friends here for lunch recently and we all had different dishes and all of which were not skimpy which was a big bonus and all of which were excellent and tasty and served by a very attentive and helpful waiter and as we only meet up infrequently we were not rushed whatsoever. The downside our waiter managed to take the finished plates away before we all had eaten thereby those of us who had not finished eating felt pressurised to finish a bit quicker than they would normally do.  
Two of us had the ghafghazi - meat was succulent, rice excellent and salad better than average. A third had a vegetarian dish that was lacking in flavour. We were there for happy hour - 2for1 on beer and wine, including prosecco  
This Iranian restaurant in Ealing is quirkily, but prettily decorated. It is airy, with well-spaced tables. The staff are friendly and welcoming. 
We went for dinner on a Saturday night without a booking so it was good to be shown straight to a free table. Our server, Evelyn, was very helpful in explaining the menu and warning us when she thought we were ordering too much food. There is an option to make the food extra spicy and after the first mouthful of the first dish we thought we had made a big mistake taking this option. As it turned out, this was the only really hot dish in our selection and the rest of the meal was a little bland if anything. The lamb shank special was particularly dull in taste. There was nothing wrong with the food or the restaurant but it was just very ordinary. It was reasonably priced for the food though and so I didn't leave disappointed. 
Been there couple of times and it's interesting that I was never disappointed however not completely satisfied to give it an easy 5 star. In other words they go up and down in average-good zone.  
Pizzas were good. Freshly made and piping hot straight from oven.  
It’s interesting that following on from two bad reviews for Mother’s Day there have been five excellent ones some of which seem to be directly contradicting a lot of what was said in the bad ones! And three of them are brand new trip advisor accounts posting for the first time on Sunday, wonder if they’ve been made just to offset the genuine bad ones? 
Went for dinner with a couple of friends.  
Went for lunch with my husband. Service was quick and basic. Food was average. We ordered Koobideh and it didn't look like pure meat but tasted okay; however the rice was lovely. The manager seemed courteous. I won't be going back. 
We arrived here for a late lunch on a Saturday. The interior decor is quite nice and the ambience is generally ok. We were welcomed by courteous staff (a young Eastern European waitress) and despite appearing nervous (maybe new?), she was quite pleasant and offered us to pick any table we wanted. 
Been a couple of times now since it opened and on the first occasion enjoyed a sharing plater of cheese, meats, olives etc and was wonderful. The second visit I had a pizza and I loved it. The base was beautiful and the toppings were fresh and so tasty. The girlfriend had a gnocchi which was underwhelming, so much so that you might have done better yourself at home! The staff are pleasant but can be very forgetful and slow. 
The food is lovely and the portions are big. I've been ordering their chicken kebab for delivery for the last 6 weeks now and they have yet to make the order correct without me having to call them to tell them they have been getting it wrong and so please make sure it's right today. Once they gave us some cokes to compensate. Today I ordered again a chicken kebab with chips and lo and behold no chips. So it's worth a visit for the food, but just make sure you're on the property to make sure they're getting your order right.  
Visited the restaurant during an evening wander and found the food to be lovely with lots of Italian ex pats dining as well which is a good sign. Unfortunately the service let it down with being a bit slow and miserable.  
Carvery food was reasonable. Deserts and starters were better. Service was fine. but not exceptional. Value was great! 
It’s the second time I’ve been here. It reminded why my return was reluctant. 
Met some friends here after work one Wednesday. Given it’s location I expected a gastro pub but it’s more like a Wetherspoons. On arrival we were informed it was a carvery which is not my favourite - nevertheless it meant food came quickly and was pretty good (I don’t generally eat carvery so not much to compare it to) The staff were very friendly, the food was very well priced considering the area and the desserts were excellent.  
I fancied some Ebi Tempura Maki and also found out they do Korean Seafood Pancake (Haemul Pajeon) in Hammersmith and quickly this place came up on google. Great reviews on google reviews as well. Well anyway the food reviews and pics looked good so we opted for it. Let me break this down for you.  
Have called in several times in the past for coffee, food looks good but I’ve only ever had coffee. Usually good and quick and friendly but 3 stars only in this review as my black americano today had milk in it and I only realised once I’d left and driven away.  
Coffee is amazing.  
Eat here quite often at lunchtime, today the service was very poor. It wasn’t busy but the staff spent more time clearing up and making tables than actually taking our order. When we eventually got served, after asking if we could order, the food was just ok. Both ordered the new Italian flat breads. Mine was tasteless and full of rocket. Be a while before we return 
Excellent excellent service. The food is good and the atmosphere is comfortable. The acoustics in the restaurant are the only downside. 
My friend and I visited here for the first time. Looks nice inside, it wasn’t busy so was lovely sitting in a booth and relaxing. The first waitress was very attentive and ordered our food and drinks. The food wasn’t bad at all I did enjoy my pizza and we didn’t have to wait too long for our starters and mains. The toilets were utterly disgusting. No toilet roll in the only cleanish toilet and the other 2 were vile and certainly isn’t a good impression on the restaurant with cleanliness.  
Six of us came tonight for dinner. It was very busy and the service was slow, I could only see three waiters/waitresses. The food was well cooked and tasted fine. My starters could have been hotter 
I went here with my daughter on a Monday evening the place was not very busy, after being seated and our drinks order taken. We looked at the menu the drinks arrived and then after so long, our order had still not been taken we had to stop a member of the staff to take our order. VERY slow service, the wait for the food was ridiculous. The food when it eventually arrived was very good. Please don't go if you are in a hurry or don't want to wait ages to be served. 
We had dinner here. The starters were good and were served promptly.  
This is my first time to taste Indian cuisine. All the food that we ordered are not to bad, some are tasty and some are spicy. I noticed that this restaurant is an award winning for South Indian cuisine probably ten years ago. Hope they will keep up their image. 
Went to Prezzo on 17th February. Food OK, but even though they werent busy, service could have been better. Wasnt offered the desert menu, had to ask for it, staff just walked past us and then got one desert wrong. Watched a member of staff behing the bar add rasberries to the deserts with his fingers after running his hands though his hair?! Went for the £19.95 a head menu for 3 courses, was overcharged by over £30. When I went to query this the waitress just slid a new recipt towards me and offered no apology. Mistakes happen, but an apology would have been nice! Always tip, but not this time. 
Went for meal here. Used to go often years ago. It was a Wednesday evening 7.30 pm we were in the main conservatory part. Only us two and two other couples. The whole time we were there. We both had the carvery one had gammon, the other vegetarian option. Food was OK. Neither of us had starter or pudding. Staff attentive and pleasant. I would hope that there is more of an atmosphere at the weekend. Nothing really wrong but can't say I will be rushing back. 
Every time I come home I return to the Banana Leaf. 
Damning with faint praise, here: a reliable, tasty, traditional curry house, exactly as you'd expect.  
We went there for the first time for dinner .There were not many customers. The lamb seekh kebab was not hot and it was broken into pieces when I touched by the knife .felt it wasn't done freshly. And the lamb tikka briyani and kottu rotting were tasty but they were not hot and they were bit cold. I had to ask the waitress to heat them again and bring it. Not value for the money . The next customer was pointing at a hair on his table . Not pleasant experience. 
A little disappointed found it a lot smaller than I remembered  
If you know and prefer south Indian only then opt for this restaurant. 
The waitress service was poor with a could't care less attitude, the food was indifferent and quite expensive for what we were served.  
Visited today with my family for lunch. Restaurant was not very busy. The staff as always were polite and friendly. Restaurant was clean and tidy. I have visited two different Prezzos in the last month, unfortunately they have both suffered from a lack of staff and slow service. The food was only average, we were all disappointed. Our last couple of visits have put us off of Prezzos, I used to enjoy a visit to Prezzo but they seem to have gone downhill. Disappointed. 
I have never had a bad experience in Prezzo but I have had better quality pizza and its feeling more like a chain then it used too. Still a decent restaurant with fair prices but again it’s just nothing special. 
4 adults and 2 children in our group to have a meal here. 
Hubby booked via email with confirmation, but on arrival we were not expected. They did manage to find us a 'high' sitting table so we stayed for lunch. The cavery was fine although veggies a little too soft and mushy for my liking. Staff pleasant enough. Can't say I am inspired to make a return visit. 
So went today for lunch and was looking at the menu only to be told they are only serving Carvery and deserts absolutely no food from the menu at all including children's menus for which was really disappointing as we have three-year-old Who has a eating disorder and would only eat chips. 
Went for a meal here on Thursday. Staff were slow to see we had walked in. Female member of staff was it bit all over the place. Below summary. 
After many years I revisited Le Colombier over the Christmas holiday and realised why I hadn't been back before. 
A regulars know , this is a first class brasserie with a superb wine list. However our main course set lunch 'panache of 3 fish' was so bad, dull, tasteless, and overcooked i will have to downgrade to 3 stars. I will return , as this may be a one off disaster, hopefully. 
My coat was kept in the vestiary but somehow they got rid of my Hackett scarf 
Traditional French cuisine. Would be good if the menu was updated regularly. It is definitely stuck in the past.... 
Returned after visit two years ago but still unimpressed. There are better carveries in the area.Staff pleasant and apologise for some lapses in overall standards. Nice location, great potential unfulfilled and in the past was a good place to dine. We were told that standards on some days are better than others. A lottery. 
Had a meal here for the second time. The meal was nice but the food could have been a little hotter. Don't know if it was because it took a while to serve it and it was on the counter for a little too long. The service good and the staff were friendly. Just what you would expect from a major chain restaurant. I would recommend the pork belly as we have had this the last three times I have been to a Prezzos and it has always been great. Nice for an evening out but remember this is a family restaurant so you do get a lot of children in here.  
Drinks order wasn't quite right but staff rectified it. Four adults and one child had the carvery. The choices of meats available were turkey, gammon and beef. I chose the turkey with trimmings and there were lots of choice of vegetables. The handles on the serving spoons in the veg were extremely hot, perhaps a warning sign saying beware hot handles would be useful. The atmosphere was ok, lots of people outside in the garden but then it was a hot and sunny day. It was a handy place for us to meet and plenty of space in the car park. Nobody in my party enjoyed the roast potatoes. 
Good sized garden, mediocre foods. We had eaten inside last year and service was a bit slow. Summer would be the best time to visit here for drinks and sit in the sun. Dogs are allowed in the bar area which is a plus!  
Had been here a few times before and really enjoyed it.  
Food is really nice. The pasta is always cooked well and tastes lovely. But the service was so slow today. We waited an hour from having olives to receiving our mains with no apology. The. Another hour for desserts. They were not full but I guess understaffed.  
We have always gone to Prezzos,but recently we as usual went there and the meals came out slower then normal,and the dishes were not as good as normal. In fact we sent then back,as the taste was not very good. The good thing about this place is it takes Taste cards BUTOnly for 2 people.BUT most place they accept taste cards for six people but this changed some time ago. The last visit we could not use the card as we had sent our meals back so my wife didn't eat the main meal. I hope this changes back to normal as its always been good. We will give it one more go. I hope it's a one off. They even forgot one of the starters. We were not impressed on this occasion. 
Purchased taste card wanted to use in Prezzo Upminster but they wouldn't accept said had to be after 5pm nowhere on there terms and conditions or taste cards terms and conditions said after 5pm ended up costing £65 for 2 adults one child!!! Over priced only had one drink each one pizza each and one dessert. 
The surroundings are pleasant enough and there was no loud music blaring from the speakers, which made conversation possible. 
only had carvery to offer nothing else from menu on offer, veg was like leftovers mixed together and cheese put on top to disquise the fact . only 2 other people eating , others were walking in looking at food on offer and walking back out 
Visited July 7 with a few friends . I wasn't expecting too much and that's about what I got. It's not expensive and that reflects in the staff,decor and service. One of our party ordered garlic mushrooms for a starter and despite repeated apologies it arrived almost as she was finishing her main course.however I had a bog standard burger with salad and chips it arrived reasonably promptly and was ok but only ok. The friends chose it I wouldn't have. 
Took my wife here for our anniversary having walked past many times and thought it looked nice. Firstly the clientele are nearly all over 60, which is fine, but doesn't create much buzz.  
It's difficult to review these chain restaurants,because they tend to be clones,apart from the staff and perhaps,the clientele . 
Many small details overlooked. In themselves probably not enough to generate a complaint but by the end of our 'experience' the sum was disappointment and after 2 or 3 previous visits a decision not to return was made by the group. 
Had dinner at the Upminster restaurant last night to celebrate our daughter’s new job, but left very disappointed with the level of service we received. The food was the usual good standard but we had to constantly ask for service, we asked for the bill twice and then waited 10 mins for it to arrive, not a good evening..... 
Used to be a great place to go for a meal as a couple or in a group, The food used to be nice, but not any more, was served up luke warm and the veg were soggy, in our opinion the restaurant has gone rapidly down hill, we won't be using the Fox & Pheasant any time soon 
This place defines average. It all comes for a decent price. The lager is good and a nice bar area. The restaurant is spacious and open and the beer garden big and beautiful. Unfortunately due to constant changing of hands in management customer service has failings. The staff are not very welcoming and see the customer as almost a burden. However I will say it again if you want cheap average food mixed with a few alcoholic drinks it's a decent place to go.  
We went as a family for a meal, the head waitress was very nice and attentive the waitress who served us, looked a bit bored and seemed to be slightly hurrying us along when ordering, other then that food was ok, and I will be returning.  
We did wait a long time , but when we got it it was worth waiting for , the waitress was really nice her name was Louise she is expecting her baby on Xmas day same day as her dad's birthday we wish her all the best and hope Xmas day is the day.. B-) 
Went for Valentines. The food was delicious, I ate a vegetarian calzone. An extra bottle of Prosecco was on the bill which I spotted after paying. We'd split the bill between 5 of us. The money for the wine was returned in cash and it was given in change after asking so we could split this fairly. It wouldn't put me off going back but I would not dine here with a large group incase of further mistakes on the bill. 
We dined here on Saturday night, four adults and one child, we arrived at 6pm and it was more or less empty, the waitress asked if we had booked and when we said no she rolled her eyes, not a good start! We ordered our drinks and food, three of the meals arrived but my daughter and I didnt get our meals until the others had finished eating, we complained and they did take it off the bill but I would not return, for all the staff are polite-ish it would be nice if they actually managed a smile! 
For £40 we had 4 sodas, a large pizza and two starters. The food quality is average, and there doesn't seem to be much care and attention over the food presentation, or how the customer is going to eat it (we had a very large pizza that was too big for the plate and was hanging over the edges!). The pizza was fairly tasteless, and it was undercooked (the veg wasn't cooked properly and the edges of the pizza were limp and doughy).  
Thing is with this place is it's different almost each visit. Been using this Prezzo for many years now and one thing that had remained constant is the excellent quality of the pasta dishes. Everything else, including the service is a bit hit and miss. I asked ad always for some bread with balsamic/oil to be brought out before the starters. Despite explaining this to the lovely girl who spoke little English as clearly as possible it came with the starters. I refused it politely and she happily took it away. The starter of 2 crab cakes was awful. They were mass produced items which were tasteless and dry inside. The very dark brown colour warned me they were overcooked before I even cut into them. They accompanying garlic mayo was tasteless and salty with very little garlic taste. Another item straight from a cheap catering size jar I think. The main course of fusili gorganzola was absolutely superb, piping hot and full of flavour. Copious amounts of chicken and with a fantastic gorganzola kick to it. The portion was huge and filling. Cannot fault that. So all in all a mixed experience as usual but it won't deter me from going back. But i really must learn to stock to what they do well. Pasta or pizza. 
Better Carvery than the last time visited , good standard of food and service , will return again , was the only people eating though 
The bar i thought was basic and somewhat tired - 'chain look and feel' but a bit grubby and sticky on tables etc. Not the greatest range of beers available, disappointing there was not a couple of of local sourced brews. 
Had ameal here with family recently . Cant fault the presentation of the dishes . very good . Found tho , after waiting more than 50 minutes for our meals , ( the place WAS busy ) my own and someone elses meal arrived but there wasnt much to fill you up !!! We never ordered a starter so maybe that was why we waited so long . . A simple Steak and rocket salad was not up to much and a Chicken " brest " was a dissapointment !!  
It was a family dinner, we were 6, 4 ladies and 2 men. I was tempted to be invited to Le Colombier knowing it is one of the best French in London. Make it short, staff was great hospitable, nice and always very attentive; reastaurant was full and people seems to enjoy their dinner. I must say that kitchen was not to my expectation, Not bad at all but nothing special to wow us. If we want to eat such dishes we could go to any european restaurant. This was expected to be a different experience, not something yu can find anywhere. Sorry but for an avarage reastaurant certainly price was very high. Sorry one this was very good; recomended french vine for the sea food dishes was excerionaly good for its price. Result Avarage food great service team, thanks to them which was saving the nigth. 
Le Colombier has - deservedly - a loyal following. It has been around for years; is very well-placed; the staff are generally experienced and attentive; the tables have proper table cloths; the outside terrace is welcoming, and the restaurant interior is attractive and intimate. The food is a little uneven. We started with oeufs en meurette - usually a favourite - and it was 'fine'. The poached eggs were tepid and one suspected that they had been cooked in advance and then added to the warm and pleasant Burgundy sauce. Chicken as a main course was a mistake. It arrived with a skin on the gravy and had clearly been sitting underneath a hot lamp for long enough to be distinctly overcooked. What a pity. However, we ate later than most of the other diners - at about 8.45pm, so maybe the chicken would have been better if we had arrived an hour earlier? Pudding was an excellent home-made chocolate mousse. We had been rather looking forward to trying Le Colombier and left feeling just a little disappointed, although we would give it another chance. This Gallic bastion of SW3 is nonetheless a charming and convivial place in which to eat. If the food improved, it could still become a favourite. 
Turned up without a booking and ended up eating in the bar area - even though there seemed to be room in restaurant and we weren't offered to be put on a waiting list.  
This pub is just steps from our house, so we go there often. The food is at times excellent and at times just ok. It has been recently renovated and it makes for a nicer environment and the updated decor is pleasant. The quality of the carvery however can occasionally be disappointing.  
Return to this carvery with compliments of the spirit group and James Schwartz, was greeted as we walked in and shown our table that was already waiting for us. 
It's ok but its not what I consider a treat - in fact if you don't ask the staff to leave a decent amount of time between courses then you could be out of there faster than a drive thru McDonands. The trick - as we have learned - is to order starters and then order main after started has been consumed. Staff are polite. I just don't think I am having a treat. 
Typical Prezzo really, the pizzas are good but other dishes often turn up baked where they have obviously been under a heat lamp, which didn't do much for my risotto which turned into a gloopy mess. That said, it tasted fine and too hungry to complain. The service is ok but a little rushed, hence the second course being cooked too soon and heated up. Downside, please stock other beer that Peroni. I know its an Italian restaurant, but there are some people who cannot stomach the stuff !!! 
Great for families 
But only just. This place is being refurbished at present, and not before time. Hoping for a leap in standards in all areas, not just decor. 
Far too much attention bordering on the oppressive - if they need an autograph come straight out and ask for it 
We booked a table for seven at Le Colombier and we're really hoping for a pleasant night with our friends from London and California. 
Been a loyal patron of this restaurant for years - but lately its hit & miss. Sometimes the food is spot on- other times- it's just awful. Shame as it's such a lovely little pub- but when they get it right- it's great- please be more consistent ... 
Hard to fault this pub and restaurant. Serves tasty value for money grub, mainly it seems to lunchtime gentlefolk pensioners. In a leafy location with easy parking. Been a pub and eaterie for many years. Extra value if you join their "Diamond" scheme.  
We came here at the last minute as we wanted to get a roast. It wasn't our first choice but the only one that had a table. 
I have been several times before. In fact I remember as a kid looking forward to visiting for that special night out. Nothing special now I am afraid.as the price has gone up, the portions have gone down in size. Clearly if the guy behind the carvery likes you, you ask for more meat and you get it. I asked for a tiny bit more meat, with a little fat, as that is where the flavour is.. only to be told. No. you have already had the standard portion size. Sorry? Everybody else clearly had twice as much as this guy wanted to give me, including my parents. OK, they did get me some more after i complained, and many thanks for that, but what happened to the customer being right, and when did the idea of the carvery go out the window? The idea is you pay a set fee, and you can eat as much as you want.. I wouldnt be bothered if I never came here again. 
We arrived outside the normal lunchtime period, around 4pm, and we waited for a good 10 minutes to get taken to a table because the waiter behind the desk was very slow at serving 3 customers who were paying by card (looked like he didn't know how to use the card machine!). 
With the carvery option, you have to be very careful what you select. The gammon was very nice, the yorkshire pudding was titchy, I was not fond of hard stuffing balls, the vegetables were lovely but the carrots did not look tasty Some things did not look very hot, so we ignored them. Delicious gravy but had to discard the skin.. The pudding was not very nice. It was very jagged and cold. I thought that Rocky Road is usually a lot softer in texture by using chewy cookies and marshmallow. I don't know what they used to create such a sharp and chilled experience. 
I visited the Fox and Pheasant with a friend for a late lunch. We were welcomed like old friends. The starters were ok, if a bit bland. The gammon from the carvery was dry, but the turkey was lovely and moist. The vegetables were overcooked and the ladles were very hot, so it wad difficult to serve ourselves. I think that the carvery food would have been a lot better on a busy day and I would be happy to go to the restaurant again at a busier time. 
a very Average place. 
I went here with my grandsons and daughter on the first day of October's half term. I have always enjoyed Prezzo for food but there was such a wait to be served today I nearly walked out. It was the usual manager but to be fair she was very unhelpful today in the end we had to order the boys food and order ours later. They need more staff in fact the elderly couple had to wait 45 mins before their order was taken. When they at last got their food the wife complained , the useless manager should have given them one meal free for the inconvenience . Take more staff on and make sure they are fluent in English.  
Looking forward to this restaurant's Christmas visit as i have been there before.My daughters pizza was so sparse with the ingredients and so rubbery it could not be cut with a knife and fork.The sides of vegetables were ok but the very small dish of chips could not have seen the deep fryer so 4 of us complained and waited quite a while for a decent bowl of chips we had nearly finished our dinner.The desserts were excellent which were tirimasiu,pannetone pudding with ice-cream which i must say was delicious.We had apologies for the wait and it was a nice atmosphere and very quiet that night.What a difference from last Christmas when it was a great meal and more merry. 
Visited with a friend and really enjoyed our meal. Staff were good so no complaints there. Find this restaurant quite pricey for what it is but used my Tastecard which made this a really reasonable meal.  
I visited the fox and pheasant about a week ago and I was absolutely satisfied with the service I received, I was warmly welcomed by the manager and seated in a well lit area which was an amazing start to a first time going there, I had a carvery meal which was absolutely beautiful and to top it off the politeness of the chef who approached me with " good afternoon madam" very professional. After that brilliant service I thought wow I will recommend this pub. 
Well, I did my research before coming here today. I checked the website. They had Whitebait on the menu, a favourite of mine..... They also do a carvery buffet every day of the week. No time indications on when they or did or didn't serve the carvery buffet. Great! Or so I thought. Arrived at 4.40pm. The carvery section was empty..... I asked for the buffet. 'Oh! We don't start serving that until 6pm. Oh! I thought. 'But we do serve all day from the main menu.' 'What about the lunchtime carvery'? I asked. 'That's served until 2.30pm.' Oh! I said. 'There is nothing on the website that indicates any of that.' 'Can you please see to it that the website is updated to indicate that information'? 
I've been here many times over the last few years. Firstly, the food is always good, the restaurant is decorated well and is always clean.  
Just moved to area so gave this a go, was not at all impressed with the food or the atmosphere in the restaurant, people have told me to go different area in future because they feel the same. 
We took our children here for New Year's Eve. The service was fine, as with a large chain of restaurants you know what to expect. The pizza I had was a very tasty steak and onion, I did enjoy it. The drinks are a little over priced and the restaurant layout fine. It's ideal for children. 
Interesting to find this establishment well reviewed but seemed expensive for what is a well prepared but dull menu? Especially if you pay the optional 12.5% service charge. Yes a conventional, run of the mill French restaurant, the menu too broad. Endive salad entree was fine, and the sea bass main fine (though a small helping). The same money, or even a bit less, bought us far more exciting French food recently in Paris, twice. 
Visited this Prezzo a lot and usually very good food but today the fish was not very good however got a refund on this maybe it was just one of those things as usually fine. Starters very good. Everyone else's food good. 
We've visited this restaurant a few times. When it is busy, it is extremely noisy, it's difficult to hold a conversation at times. The service is usually good but it was a bit disappointing on our visit last night - I had a sense that it was busier than they expected and they weren't sufficiently well staffed to deal with it. We will go again but will choose a less busy time.  
Its a real shame there was no feeling of warmth from any of the staff which would put me off visiting again despite nice food. When I phoned to boom I was left waiting for 10 minutes for them to return to let me know i could have a table 15 mins after the time I had asked for. Despite arriving at this time we were left waiting for a further 10 minutes before being seated even though the restaurant wasnt full. The lady who seated us wasnt apologetic for the wait, didnt get the kids crayons to go with their colouring menus or smile. Im not someone who expects a grinning server with american charm but a bit of manners goes a long way. My husband had chilli oil with his starter but wasnt allowed to keep it for his main despite asking and then had to wait 15 mins to get it back once his main was served. Overall have definitly had better service elsewhere would go hornchurch instead next time. 
A great calm and relaxing place for local community. A great value for money lunches for seniors and Sunday carvery is a speciality? We have visited the place a few times and thoroughly enjoyed it. 
I've been visiting this pub for many years for their carvery, as the pub is near where I live. Over the years, I've seen the standard fluctuate wildly from acceptable to positively bad. It has recently acquired new landlords, and I believe the standard has improved. We went for lunch, and the vegetables were hotter than they have been in the past, although the portions of meat served are still relatively mean. The service is OK, but the waiter could use some aftershave. I definitely detected a personal hygiene issue!  
Have been to Colombier few times, was always invited, so not sure how it compares price-wise. Not amazing, not bad food - all in all fine. Worth going once, and no need to say 'no,no' if invited, but won't run back. 
Nice food friendly staff, slowest service I have ever had, needs more cherlfs I think. Shame as well as the staff were lovely. 
Quite cheap but coffee not the best. Costa down the road is nicer. Didn't have any food but seemed quite popular  
Locals are truly spoiled for choice in this immediate area for places to eat in. Enjoyed the meal and apart from the gyoza and a small selection of sushi there wasn't anything else that stood out. If anything the sauces are too generic and there's really no need for so much saltiness across the range of dishes. 
Stumbled along this Japanese & Korean restaurant. Super friendly staff. Decent selection of dishes on offer and was busy (always a good sign). Sushi counter offerings looked authentic but we didn't try. 
We came here on Sunday without much expectations and left relatively satisfied after a long dinner. 
We have been to this restaurant quite a few times and the menu does not really change, save for the daily specials. The food is ok but I don't think it is anything special. You can feel a little bloated after a meal. The atmosphere is unexciting and the price is high for what you get. There is nothing wrong with either the food or the service but overall it fails to excite me though my partner loves the place! 
Mandarin Kitchen - a reputation for good seafood and brimming with locals, it was crying out for a visit. Who am I to say no? 
We saw a lot of people wanting to eat there on Sunday, and had a chance to have dinner at a less busy time on Monday before catching a show in West End. Half of aromatic crispy duck was a pure disappointment - as compared to New World restaunrat in Soho. Duck was overdried and tasteless, may be cooked a long time ago. THe rest of our order was okayish but presnetation of it was like we were eating at a cheap take away place.... Value for money must be al right. Waiters (not just 1 but three of them) do not speak much English and could not explain what E-fu noodles mean.... Might be the place - for Chinese folks who are fluent in the language and in the menu of course.... 
Visited for lunch with work colleagues having been here many times before and always satisfied with excellent lunch box selection, sashimi and sushi and noodle/fish soups and good choice of Japanese beers. 
We usually come here for the lobster noodles... but this time round the price went up quite a fair bit. Lobster noodles now cost as much as GBP 47 (including tips). Yup tips were added to the bill by default.  
The food was ok. Shrimp dish was a bit salty but may be because didn’t have rice with it. The fish was also not as fresh as it could be. Atmosphere was nice and new. Staff was friendly and fast. 
The most appropriate description for my experience is "yin and yang". 
I used to love this restaurant however tonight I went there to find the smallest salmon nigiri I've ever eaten in my many years of eating Japanese food. I see that the takeaway menu is cheaper than the eat in restaurant which they charge higher prices plus service charge. 
On Sundays they serve carvery only. Cost is £10. The guy serving the carvery was super-friendly. Option was beef, pork or turkey. Portions were good. I had the beef which was actually very nice and tender. Came with a pig in blanket, Yorkshire, stuffing ball. Unlimited roasties and veg. Was nice. Not quite as good as a fresh Sunday roast, but not too far away either, hence good value. Dessert we had the chocolate fudge cake (was warm and gooey, very nice), and the cheesecake (just ok, needed more sauce). Overall, good value for money. 
The location, look and feel of the place promised to be a pleasant experience, however, the staff was quite rude and unhelpful. We did enter just before the kitchen closed, however, were penalised for this in the service which was not hospitable. 
After more than 40 yrs this Cantonese restaurant is still going strong. It's always good to see a substantial client base of Chinese customers usually a barometer of authenticity. We sampled many different dishes and for my taste quite a few were bland but maybe we chose badly. Considering how busy they were the service was good and surprisingly charming!  
Food was ok. It’s a popular and packed restaurant which is probably why the staff can afford to be brusque and sometimes unpleasant. There are other Chinese restaurants with better food. 
Have patronised this place over many years on trips to London especially for their infamous Lobster noodles. The noodles are still good but the rest of the food could be better. The Wait help talk way too much to each other and too loudly while there are people dining. Very annoying. Service is fast but rough edged. 
I'm afraid although lots of people like this my wife and I have only ever had mediocre meals at this restaurant. It just isn't quite french enough to be worthwhile. 
We were recommended to try this restaurant as a change from our favourite Eat Tokyo just down the road. The menu looked good and we placed our order. The food came and looked appetizing.  
Since 1977 when I first visited this restaurant, it has been extremely popular, serving well prepared and well presented dishes although nothing exceptional in taste.Their speciality is lobster with noodles which was indeed delicious. We were though extremely disappointed with the crispy duck which was dry and overcooked! The place is always packed so book in advance. Despite the staff's heroic efforts, service can be very slow due to the crowds. Prices are very reasonable and the atmosphere very pleasant. 
Not a lot of space upstairs, but you can sit outside. No complaints about the coffee, but nothing outstanding 
Can not go past a 12 pound groupon deal! Four of us came for brunch. 
Can’t give any more than average because -  
Visited as the restaurant was busy and looked inviting. Service was good but the food missed the mark. To start the mandarin ribs were delicious but we chose two mains marked as spicy but neither were. Whilst especially the mixed seafood was delicious it missed the extra spice that the menu promised. I’d probably not visit again.  
This is a lovely pub and I would certainly go back to sit on a sofa or stall for a drink or to get dragged along to watch sport. 
Recommended for the bottomless brunch they do at the weekends - two courses (although the first course is generally just a a croissant) and all the Prosecco you can drink within 90 minutes, it may not be the best bottomless brunch in London in terms of quality, but value wise (less than £15 each excluding tips if you book via certain online sites), this one is hard to beat. The staff are also enthusiastic and the bar has a nice homely feel, with board games and various sofas on-hand to help you start your weekend. 
The restaurant was very busy when we arrived and we waited for a short while although we made a reservation through our hotel . We ordered the four types of hors d'oeuvre for starters. The spring roll and squid were soft and not crispy and tasted rather bland but the chicken wing was quite nice. Next was the shredded "pei pa" duck to be eaten with the pancake which was just average. We were really looking forward to the lobster with noodles as it was widely acclaimed in the review here. It was good but not extraordinary. 
Although this is the nearest fish and chip shop to me, I prefer to jump in the car and go to Oh My Cod as their food is much much better than this shop which is a shame as this shop is more convienient. 
Went for Saturday brunch and enjoyed the meal but disappointed at the price. 
Bottomless prosecco for brunch is always a good choice and this place is very nice and cozy. 
This is a lovely space with super friendly staff however our lunch was pretty awful today. We had the salt baked celeriac salad (perhaps two pieces max) and the butternut squash risotto. The celeriac had all the ingredients of a great salad but the portion was so so small. It is not lunch nor does it require any great baking skill. The risotto portion was poor too and undercooked but the flavours were good. Looking at tables next to us it seems that the all day Brunch is the way to go with beautifully cooked poached eggs/smashed avocados. Come on! Size up your lunch dishes, if you lead with celeriac....lead with it. It's not an expensive ingredient, nor is it difficult to cook. Why not add some bread to that dish too and a bit more dressing? Disappointing. 
Saturday night dinner with friends. We know the restaurant and have been a few times. Previously it was excellent. The food still is, the service not so much. Rushed, brusque, lacking attention and customer friendliness.  
I've been there few times and the place is lovely and the staff friendly, but last time I was there we had dinner and we didn't like it, very small portions and not very tasty, not worth it 
We ate in a quite a large group and half were impressed and half weren't . Not cheap in my opinion . The actual room is quite nice and there is a nice outdoor area for the summer 
We went with friends for lunch on Bank Holiday Monday. I checked the website beforehand to ensure there was plenty of choice on the menu. When we arrived we were told that the menu was reduced as it was a holiday Monday - this was not mentioned on the website. Never mind. We struggled to find something substantial to order that wasn't brunch-like or a burger (particularly as I have a cheese allergy) and came up with a chicken Caesar salad for which we asked for a French dressing rather than the usual dressing. No, couldn't do that (really?!) so we had a kind of vinaigrette which was pleasant but not spectacular. To start we had a very good homemade hummus and then ordered 'nuts and nibbles' - well, we got the nibbles but were told they were out of nuts (huh!) having already been told they were out of olives. Not good enough. Dessert was Eton Mess - no, it wasn't - it was a meringue basket with fruit on top - nice but not a Mess! As this was our first visit to Soane's we were naturally disappointed as, in terms of ambience, it is lovely. One big plus was our charming Italian waitress. We hope to go again when maybe they are better organised. 
Fairly New takewaway and clean. Food generally good no complaints. You do wonder why it is not busier and whether the cooked food turns over fast enough to remain 
OK BUT Would go mad on a review, food was average. Prices were not dear but not cheap, but the premises itself wasveryclean and staff gave me the impression they would help you if needed 
Tasty food ,average clean. Service was average fast. 
Lovely Instagrammable place but the brunch was super sub par. Rock hard unbuttered sourdough toast, tiny split poached eggs. Took ages to be served and for food to arrive - we were really hungry and would have complained but again...no one about. Didn't complain afterwards when it did arrive as it took so long that we ate it anyway! My bad. 
I live in Ealing and was looking forward to a new venue. The space and location are lovely but it is such a shame the owner of the restaurant seems to be confused about the concept....is this a restaurant or an event catering company because the latter seems to take priority and customers do not seem to be important. It seems rather unusual that the restaurant times are restricted for dinner and I had to ring up to find out if we would be asked to leave at nine as the website states this is the last order. I booked a table and we were put in a cramped corner so asked if we could move as there were lots of tables free. We were initially told we could not as the other tables were booked but these imaginary customers never appeared whilst we were there. We insisted but waited ages for a response and in the mean time saw walk in customers being seated without a booking at the table we had requested. We finally were allowed to move but I had to complain to the manager. I know other people who have had similar experiences. The food was very good and the redeeming feature. The service did improve from then. However, having tried eating here again, the attitude of the establishment and the lack of customer consideration puts me off. I do not blame the staff but the owner needs to be committed to running a proper restaurant which is customer focused rather than concentrating on running events.. The place was three quarters empty on a Saturday night, lacked ambience and nearing 10pm we started to feel we should go as the place seemed ready to close. Please reflect and listen to customer feedback as this is the path to success. 
This is a pleasant, well-patronised restaurant, providing the average typical Indian restaurant menu range of dishes. 
Attended as part of a group for dinner and drinks. We were sat outside on one of the picnic benches which was fine but it's not overly comfortable. I got there a few minutes late and was advised everything had to be done on the app in regards to ordering drink, I get the concept but it's frustrating to add a new app every single time we go anywhere any more. If we could have ordered with a human this would have been so much simpler and it meant ordering a round was difficult and arrived in dribs and drabs. It's ok but I'm not in a huge rush to return as you used to pay for the nice decor and service and now it just feels like an overpriced Wetherspoons being asked to pay and order upfront and sit outside. I feel it needs a bit more a tweak to be that bit better. 
sat us at a table for 6 but there was 8 of us .. 2 had to sit either end where there was no room for their feet.. drinks took a while initially.. after our main meal our empty plates were left on the table for ages. Seemed too busy and not enough staff. Don't go at the weekend go in the week when it's quieter. Disappointed as a birthday evening. 
The place was packed and slightly chaotic which created a stressful environment for all with the staff running around everywhere. One waiter was extremely rude and unhelpful when the app wasn’t working and when asked where our drinks were he replied “not my department” however one particular waiter called Blazej was so lovely and accommodating he really made our evening. The food and cocktails were lovely however the venue was not strict on anyone wearing masks. 
A pleasant brasserie with outside and inside seating. Dog friendly. We sat inside - it felt spacious and bright, with plenty of floor-to-ceiling windows. The food was very good, from a small menu. A few salads, hamburgers, that type of thing.  
We visited the pub last night and ordered the sharing board and the roasted cauliflower cheese. The food was slightly over salted and the amount of truffle used in the Mac & Cheese was just too much to have that smooth truffle taste. We had such high hopes and were disappointed in the food. Not for sure if we would order food again. The service was amazing although they were short staffed, music was very good lots of great alternative mixed with some modern hits. The bar atmosphere was very chill. 
The decor is lovely and it has a good selection of drinks. However these drinks could not be ordered as the app was a complete failure. My suggestion would be to ditch it and offer actual customer service at a distance. 
We came for lunch here. The atmosphere is lovely, service very polite and attentive, but this restaurant needs to work on its menu. It's very uninspired and old hat - there were the usual items for brunch, and the mains were very limited. The cakes were very good, and the prices were reasonable for this kind of place, but the actual food was very disappointing. 
This used to be the best Indian in Edgware sadly before they had competion. Its now in my view second best but still worth a try. I was let down with the free leaving drink as was told it was Jack Daniels but being an expert on the drink knew it wasnt at all. Hence only go back as a meeting place when friends use the tube etc  
We enjoyed a late lunch in this fairly new restaurant located in the garden beside the Soanes summer home museum. Modern, open and airy the ambience was bright and relaxed. Friendly service though somewhat slow. Menu was enjoyable and food nicely presented. Given the secluded and large walled garden setting they have missed a great opportunity to have outdoor patio seating for the restaurant; instead, the outdoor area has only picnic tables for visitors bringing their own food. Couldn’t the adjoining park have the picnic tables and keep the patio set aside for restaurant patrons? Easter weekend was beautiful, warm and sunny - perfect for outdoor dining; unfortunately, this restaurant was unable to oblige. Pity. 
First visit to Arens- lovely food, good sized portions. Pay as you go system, but wasn’t too much bother. 
4 of us visited on a Saturday night. The food was excellent - freshly cooked with just the right amount of spice. Service however left so much to be desired. 20 minutes till our drinks order was taken, another 15 until they asked about food. Two standout moments. 
Bar snacks - burgers - simple good - A+  
Ok will start with the positives because to be fair it wasn’t all bad. Nice location, great open design kitchen, lovely outdoor seating. I get they are one of the nicer restaurants in Ealing. 
The food was good, but our drinks took 20 minutes to arrive, by which point we’d finished eating. The staff were slow, inefficient and undertrained. Considering the prices, this was a disappointing experience. I wouldn’t recommend - like another reviewer said, it’s all style over substance.  
Came here last night for dinner with two friends who had previously visited and who had recommended it. The food itself was very good but the service was awful. 
We arrived after the lunchtime rush, and were looking forward to a relaxing time and a good meal . We ordered a bottle of Rose which when it came was not properly chilled, something that bemused the waiter, and also some ice which we had to ask two different people for twice. To be fair the food was of a good standard, tasty and well presented. However we then ordered coffee which arrived and a desert, an ice cream, which failed to arrive. After twenty minutes of no ice cream we realised there were no staff in the restaurant and I had to call out through the kitchen door. 
So glad we did. A random , haphazard place. You can enter, without clear direction of whether to wait or sit and waiters look at you and ignore you. You walk up to them, they look at you approaching and don’t offer any welcome or help. Bizarre place. We had tea and cake. Fine. Would we commit to more? No, I don’t think so.  
I've visited Soane's Kitchen a couple of times since it opened last year and I have to say it is a great addition to the Ealing area. Perfect location by the park, great decor and an impressive menu. I've visited for brunch and coffee and the food has been consistently excellent. However, I do think that the menu is overpriced - £9.50 for granola is too much - this is Ealing not central London and the service, whilst very friendly, is insanely slow. I've never had to ask for the bill so many times and still wait for so long for it to arrive. To finish on a positive, the baby changing facilities are excellent and spotlessly clean! 
Went for dinner here with friends who had been before and really had experience of tasty food. 
Met a friend here for lunch (unlike numerous guests due to the location by the park we didn't have a pram/buggy in tow!). Very tasty food and service. Want to return for cocktails or dinner on a summer's evening. Modern stylish interior complements the menu. 
At present it is only open during the day. it will be opening in the evenings later apparently. This is strange as there really isn't enough choice of snacks for a cafe and half of the space is set up for dining. But if you do go there to sit at a table and have a full meal i was put off my a dog wandering around. The views are lovely over the green and the old walled garden.  
We ate at Soanes kitchen for lunch. The food is ok but too expensive. Small portions. The decor is really nice, good atmosphere. The staff is friendly but the service was too slow. We ended up being there for 2 hours when we only wanted a quick lunch. We got served at the same time as a table that arrived and ordered a while after us. I would try it again just to make sure we didn’t go there on a bad day! 
Quite large and relatively popular. The only good value red wine half bottle was not available. Strong up selling when ordering.  
Lovely setting and venue, albeit noisy acoustics, with friendly, efficient service somewhat unevenly balanced by average food and wines and cocktails which are best missed! 
The food was good but the service was dreadful. Firstly, the couple we went with the wife was strictly vegetarian. The husband ordered a meat samosa, and the wife a vegetable one. The waiter got them the wrong way around and she was nearly sick on her first bite, she had to spit it out. We told the waiter but he didn't seem bothered, and they ended up changing with her husband. She did get new cutlery but it was extremely badly handled. On a lesser note I asked for no lemon in my drink and got lemon - I was told 'just take it out'. It was a busy Saturday night, but even so we arrived at 7.30pm and our main course arrived at 9pm. Very slow. 
I had a quick dinner here whilst in the neighbourhood. The prawn briyani I ordered was fine. It came with a vegetable curry. Service was attentive and prompt. 
The food is good. Strangely main dishes come without a vegetable which has to be ordered from the list of side dishes! Bread is also considered as an extra! 
read so many good reviews about this place but honestly wasn't anything to rave about. 
Aviv is a traditional style kosher restaurant in Edgware. Parking near the restaurant is difficult so you are likely to have to park a few streets away and walk. The restaurant is large and when we went on a Saturday night it was quite empty yet we were squashed in a corner table. There is a wide choice on the menu, with set menu and a la cartre options. Service was quite quick and the portions were large. Quality is OK but not particularly stylish. As with most kosher restaurants, it is not cheap. 
This was my first visit. Whilst I liked the decor and ambience and thought the staff were friendly, I was disappointed with my main of chicken skewer. It was coated in a sticky marinade and the very small pieces of chicken didn’t amount to more than four plus some peppers and onion. There were far too many potatoes served to bulk out the dish.  
The staff have not been trained: everyone of them took plates, cutlery, etc from our table without a word to us. 
Despite reading mixed reviews, I decided to take a gamble and give the new Arens a try. The head waiter was decidedly brusque and unwelcoming but the table waiters were warm and friendly which took the edge off a shaky start. In fact, they were so lovely that I didn't have the heart to complain about my vegan curry. I certainly didn't expect to be served carrot batons, parsnip wedges and general Sunday lunch veg in a chip shop style curry. Unfortunately, the use of chickpeas and pomegranate to elevate the dish failed and the accompanying coconut rice was nothing more than packet pilau. Luckily, my family ordered steak, which they enjoyed, but I wished I'd stayed at home and cooked my own curry. I would have done a much better job. 
We were up in London visiting friends who had booked us into here. Once we'd found it - warning Uber drivers have no idea where it is - we were enthusiastic about the space, lighting etc. It looked warm and welcoming. The table they offered had two chairs and a two seat bench that was at a significantly lower height than the chairs. We commented on this and asked to move to a nearby table but they said they were booked. The neighbouring table remained empty for the entire evening. The menu is rather unambitious - token cauliflower steak for veggies, burger, etc. The food was average at best. The tacos were nice on the starters and the stew good on the mains. That's about it really - average. 
Clean, friendly place. The main minus was the time taken for the meat meals to arrive - about 40 minutes and we were hungry. Having said that, the food itself was very good, and the price very reasonable for a kosher meat meal in London. For an Israeli salad, I expected a bit more than tomatoes, cucumber and pepper. 
Visited for the first time a few weeks ago. The setting for this restaurant is breath taking and the restaurant décor pleasing. All staff very pleasant and the food was a mixture of spectacular in presentation and taste and a complete let down in the quality of some of the produce used, in certain dishes, (rump of Paley farm lamb was pure fat and simply could not be eaten) and attention to detail when served. ( cheese board not served at room temperature, but straight out of a very, very, cold fridge accompanied by delicious warm bread) Our food experience was feed back to the manager who did a good job at trying to recover the situation. Not what we expected from a restaurant who clearly wants to compete at the top end of the market in Ealing. Totally agree with previous feed back on wine. We are not adverse to spending money on a good bottle of wine, but having to guess is not how wine should be presented unless you have a Sommelier to hand. After all said, would definitely visit this restaurant again when more established. 
It was noticeable that the waitress didn't have a good grasp of the menu as she was unable to make confident recommendations. 
Approaching Soane's Kitchen through the rear garden at twilight was genuinely magical, and I imagine al fresco dining here is the thing to do, if you can. The space inside was never going to live up to that kind of entree, and it does feel a bit box like. It wasnt helped by the really intrusively LOUD music and very BRIGHT lights that made it feel more like a university canteen than a chic new Ealing dining experience. The food was ok, some of it good. The wine list was interesting, but expensive (we spent sixty quid on a barely drinkable bottle of white. More fool us). I really want to like this place, but maybe for now until its really got going, I'll take a camomile tea in the herb garden. 
We having been going for a few years. in the past we have always found the food excellent, maybe cos it was 7 oclock sunday night, that we found it lacking. In my belief a peshwari naan ought have sultanas, almonds etc., none in the naan, the portions were small, and generally the food was not up to that we had eaten in the past. I hope it is not on the slide.......... the staff are terrific and very helpful, maybe the chefs are getting complacent............. 
I was very disappointed with this kosher restaurant. The waiter got one out of 4 orders wrong but they rectified it but only after denying the mistake a few times‼️The food was ok. A bit expensive but it was all very ordinary. I won’t be going back. I’m told that the Hendon branch has better food. It was a pleasant looking restaurant and reasonably comfortable  
The decor in this new restaurant is attractive. It is pleasant and welcoming. The overall experience was positive. Staff are attentive if inexperienced. The food is certainly edible and beautifully plated . The wines we drank were good. However, the food was not as outstanding as the bill indicated. 
A nice little restaurant but unfortunately food isn't particularly tasty - pretty average. Better to try the Indian Royal in Radlett. Good value for money but just not that tasty.  
Anyone who says this is the best curry they've ever had obviously hasn't tried a decent curry. This is production-line curry designed for Brits - bland, boring and predictable. It's not particularly bad, it's just not very good either. I guess they know their market, and they cater for it, but there is much better available not far from here. 
We were a group of about 20, being catered for as a party off the set menu (which has a fair choice). While the staff were neither rude nor unfriendly, most were a combination of any / all of slow, unaware, indifferent, unsmiling, inattentive. Adding service charge onto the limited and slowly served bar drinks (when the restaurant was virtually empty) was frankly a mickey take, both in principle and in practice. In fairness, the senior waiter on our table did resolve any omissions, late servings etc politely and promptly (and that is why I have marked service above 2). Since the restaurant was hardly full, it would have been courteous of the owner or manager to have come over to greet us, since we were a reasonably large party. People don't go out only for company and food/drink - they enjoy being welcomed and treated well as that enhances the experience ... but that is very much a neutral feature of this restaurant. 
We came here for my grandads birthday dinner on a Thursday evening, we went early so it was very quiet when we first arrived but it was quite busy for a Thursday by the time we left at around 8.00. There was a lot to choose from on the menu (maybe a bit too much!) Some family members had been before and said the portion sizes were big so we all decided to order a couple of starters each rather then started and main. I agree the portion sizes were very generous and the food was all tasty enough, I think pricing was average for a kosher restaurant, some of the mains seemed slightly pricey for me though. Every body was happy with their food but I have to say that not all staff members came across as the most friendly. They just seemed a little unbothered like they just wanted us to eat and leave in a way, no smiles with the service and after menus were handed out they were back within 2 minutes to take our order (we weren’t ready!) A nice enough restaurant, seemed clean and tasty food but staffing attitude needs to change, I like to be made to feel welcome.  
I went for a party, as I would not have chosen a kosher meat restaurant, being vegetarian. The starters offer a decent choice, but there was only one vegetarian main course. I had the aubergine in tehina to start, which would have been a better idea as the main course. The bean burger main course was uninspired. As is common at Israeli style restaurants the portion sizes are excessive, well exceeding my appetite. 
I am a regular customer at the Aviv and is my first choice when considering which Kosher restaurant to visit in a very competitive market. Aviv has built up a great reputation but needs to keep up to speed.  
I have been here several times over the years. I have to say its never been bad but never great either. The manager is really pleasent, the rerst of the service is good, decor is stereo typical curry house. Ultimatley IMHO it's a bog standard curry house catering to middle of the road taste. There are so many great places in the viciinity that Cannons does not spring first to mind when thinking about going for a curry.  
Expensive for the size of the portions.. I came for lunch and unfortunately left hungry, cocktails nice but again expensive  
Went there yesterday for lunch, there were 4 of us. Food was very good, but...... the waitress wanted to take away our plates before we had finished eating, in the end I gave up my salad bowl unfinished and said ok I give up then take it as she was standing there waiting for it. After dessert when we were all sitting happily chatting, they bought the bill, which we hadn't asked for yet, when asking if they were trying to get rid of us, the answer was yes, they were waiting to close, it was only 3 o'clock. We stood outside finishing our conversation, not very welcoming!! 
Israeli Kosher restaurant - serves some nice food - lots of meat in the mezze platter. Good value for money and the food choices are good. 
Went for birthday meal - food was reasonable. Won ton soup portion on the small side. Specifically went as reviews mentioned the lobster noodles being the best in London. Most tables did have lobster noodles, cannot comment on others but ours was distinctly average/below par even for the middling price. Lobsters clearly had their claws tied for a long time - atrophied minimal claw meat. Several empty shells with no lobster in them. Below to average overall - beaten by average priced Chinatown stalwarts like Lido and higher priced rivals e.g. Phoenix Palace. Tables small and close together. Not the standard expected of a restaurant specialising in seafood. Would not go out of the way to return but in the area may visit again.  
I have not visited the restaurant in more than 5 years. Food quality was good. It didn’t disappoint me. The only think wrong it was really cold the heating wasn’t on, the toilet tap water was cold the left tap wasn’t working and the water flow it was really slow.  
We went there on a bank holiday. The service was terrible unfortunately. Enough staff but inexperienced. Had to ask for twice or even three times to bring things that a waiter should know... cutlery when they serve the desserts, salt and pepper, wine glasses same time as mains... and we were asking twice for this type of things... was tiring and annoying. They also didn’t had dishes from the menu... 
Small group of us had set menu B , Portions were decent size , quality very average. Service just average.  
Big menu, food nothing more than average.  
Not bad but I won't go back because the noise is truly intolerable. A reasonable place to go if you have nothing to talk about. 
The staff at this little restaurant are great and attentive great value for money but the food is pretty average and bland. Not bad food but far from the best Indian food I've had. 
We had diner yesterday evening at Mandarin Kitchen and were a little bit disappointed. The service is very good but the food is really average. Ok... it is not very expensive but don't expect to have an amazing culinary experience. If you are willing to go to Marylebone area prefer Phoenix Palace. 
Don't go for the ambiance but for the food. At 9:30 on a Monday evening, every table was occupied. The place could have been transplanted straight from China, including the bored waiting staff. One exception, an elfin waitress charmed the five tables in her territory. Large menu with authentic dishes. I spend 40 pounds on soft-shell crab, squid, and bok choy, with two beers. It was worth it. 
We had a meal for my son's birthday. Overall the food was very nice with a few exceptions. The steaks were incredibly tough and the chicken very dry. We should have sent them back but no one wanted to make a fuss and we weren't asked at any point if we were satisfied with the meal. The starters and sides were nice as were the desserts. The soft drinks (fanta for my kids) were exorbitant at £2.50 each and they were very ungracious in not offering my 7 and 9 year old a cold drink in replacement of the hot drink that came with their meal and they clearly weren't going to have. Considering they were eating £26.99 a head meals I was very unimpressed by that. Finally, they did acknowledge my sons birthday with a miniscule candle in his dessert but that was it-certainly no fan fair which other local restaurants offer. Our waiter was sweet but the manager not at all helpful and there was a terrible draft from the door which was not dealt with when asked. Overall, a reasonable dining experience but for the money could have been more impressive.  
Below Average food. The aromatic crispy duck was not up to standard. The duck was cold when served. Asked for a change for a nice hot crispy duck. They did so - although unwilling initially. Not returning as was not a pleasant experience. 
We went on a mid-week night when the restaurant was busy but not insanely so. We went with a couple who had gone many times before, so we let them order. The crispy duck was excellent. The lobster noodles were good but did not live up to the reviews (of course, the reviews are so amazing that almost anything would have been an anticlimax). The rest of the good was good but nothing special. The sweet and sour pork was even poor. 
Love, Love, Love the food, Not one fault, except the black bean sauce but I do not like black bean sauce from anywhere so maybe it's just not for me. My friend loved it. I've been 5 times, Food is honestly the best i've has in London. 
Came today to try out the lobster noodles, as everyone keep talking about it (friends circle). The lobster noodle was not bad, but do not understand the hype about it. £40 incl.noodles for a portion. The squid with salted egg was ok. The tofu dish with aubergine filled with shrimp is not to recommend. Considering it calls itself seafood restaurant, the shrimp proportion was little. Yes, despite people complaining about the service, we found it for Chinese restaurant standard good. Served the lobster noodle for you and presented it well too. Go to Chinatown and you ll appreciate service here . Lobster noodle ok, service ok, other dishes average to not too great. We tried it, but will probably not come again as there is too much competition for regular chinese food. Only if you crave the lobster noodle.... 
The food itself was delicious and piping hot however: the waiters were exteremly rude and unwelcoming, and the bill was incorrectly charged. 
We like the Aviv and it remains popular judging by how busy it gets at weekends. But it's now so noisy that the whole experience is diminished. It's simply no fun when you have to shout to be heard across a small table. The hard, wooden surfaces don't help as they reflect and amplify the noise. They're not new but we have rarely experienced going out with friends and simply been unable to hear them over dinner. A pity but we'll think twice before returning.  
I must say the food was excellent. However, the service was probably the worse I have experienced. That is probably the reason a service charge is added, as I doubt many people leave a tip 
Ok food but we waited 40 minutes for our order, probably will not come back even though prices are average  
Aviv is great if you want large portions not if you want to be looked after. Food on the whole was tasty, on a table for 11 and no real gripes with the food itself. My main didn't come with everyone else's and had to ask about it. It came later on but wrong, order steak medium-rate with chips, came well done with rice, sent back and returned fairly efficiently. Ordered hot drinks at the end, 2 coffees came quickly. those who ordered mint teas had to follow up. Food good, service poor.  
The Sunday Roast had been recommended. We booked. It was easy to park and the venue has a nice atmosphere and decor. We were unhurried. The staff were excellent. We all had the roast, and the choices included the beef, the pork and the chicken. All the meals were let down by obviously reheated roast potatoes. The stated accompaniments of apple sauce, and horse radish were missing, though on asking, they quickly arrived. I assume this is not the normal standard of food as I trusted the recommendation. . 
I heard this place is very popular and generally requires reservations. We walked in when the place was mostly empty (5pm on a Friday). Despite it not being busy, the service was extremely slow. The food, however, was delicious. 
Tried the famous lobster noodle but it's not as good as expected. Not sure if the chef was having a bad day - haha. Although the lobster meat is tender and fresh, the noodles was not as flavourful.  
Sixteen of us were seated together. Along the opposite wall in the same narrow room was a table of about 20 much younger people.  
- Direction from London Bridge Underground to Queensway Underground Station (25mins) 
I went there last month to see what the newly opened stylish restaurant like. It's elegant and stylishly presented, staffs are welcoming and polite. Food was nice but not offering great variety...I ordered Crab Taco with Avocado for starter and Tempura shrimp and Squid Ink burger...and my partner ordered Grilled Courgette and Salad and Rump of Lamb and we just had 1 glass of wine and the bill was £96. 
I had the famous lobster noodle everyone's been raving about. The quality is not bad and the portion generous. It's good but I won't rush if it gets too crowded. Gold mine down the road will be a better bet.  
The food I chose from the set menu was delicious. People that ordered from a la carte menu struggled with their choices with many items not available. One person ordered steak which took ages to arrive.  
We often eat at this restaurant and always find the service welcoming and friendly. It is a highly popular venue with local residents and you should probably book in advance. Food is generally good and soups are excellent. Prices are average if you choose from the set menus - two (£45) or three courses (£55). Can be rather noisy at times. 
We ate here twice in the last week. The first time we had not booked so accepted that we had to be out within the hour and quarter. Food was great, though service very ordinary. Tonight we returned, having booked. We were treated very rudely. The table was being cleared while we were still eating and the service was very abrupt. When it came time to pay there was a dish on the bill we had not ordered, so glad we checked. The new bill was delivered to us and we chose not to pay the total amount for the gratuity, rather choosing to round up the bill. The waitress said we must do so unless we could explain to the manager why not. We told her the service had been rude but she again reiterated we must pay unless we spoke to the manager. We didn't want to make a fuss in a busy restaurant and so paid the amount and left. A gratuity is just that - a gratuity - and should never be forced upon a customer. Not a good experience. I am sure other restaurants in this area would be as good wit better service and attitudes to customers.  
Food is great, setting great, service was very slow. Basically had to beg to pay the bill. One waiter was really trying his best but all the others were just standing around  
I went there to try their lobster noodle as recommended by a friend. With Lobster noodle being their signature dish, i'm honestly not impress. I was more impressed by their razor clams, where was nicely done and affordable. Service rendered by their staff was ok, they were friendly and helpful. Restaurant is conveniently located, right opposite Queensway underground station, so it is easy to find. 
We wanted to try their signature dish lobster noodles so we came to this restaurant. Overall the food is decent but tiny in portion.  
Conveniently located opposite Queensway underground station  
like everyone else, we came here for the lobster noodles. the texture of the noodles was ok and the taste of the lobster couldn't be bad (as long as it is fresh) but it's too saucey and the sauce was a bit salty (and I can eat very salty stuff). but the problem is really the value. for GBP39, it's too much, way too much. and this isnt just one time experience as we went there 3 times in our 6-day stay in London. in fact, based on the three meals we had there, I came to the conclusion that their dishes were on the salty side. so be prepared, esp. one wants to eat healthy or has high blood pressure problem. We tried a variety of Cantonese dishes, like lobster noodles, Cold Mixed Hors d’Oeuvres , Coriander Oysters Omelette, Beef with Seasonal Vegetables, steamed razor clams, stuffed eggplants and green peppers, vegetable and pork soup, etc. so a little bit disappointed as it was even recommended by a HK food writer in a recent newspaper article. however, I can tell it's very popular because it was almost full every time we were there or we just passed it by at night. so just don't understand the hype. 
Super value lunch menu, two courses and hot drink for just over £10. Food was super. Service passable, but not great to be ignored by waiters when place was not particularly busy. Atmosphere noisy as tables very close together. Overall a good lunchtime experience that would have been great with decent service. 
Visited with a crowd of friends for a celebratory meal but service was absolutely dire. Three of the nine main courses did not turn up and we had to speak to the manager in the end, as the waitress was clueless and seemed not to understand that there was a problem when 9 meals had been ordered but only 6 delivered, leaving 3 people without food. One of the missing meals was not even cooked properly when it finally arrived and it had to be returned. We were given a 25% discount on the bill and were then challenged at the door for leaving £10 less than we should have done (even though we had counted the money out and double-checked it, as we had split the bill equally and had all paid the same amount in cash). If he had had any sense, the manager would have just deducted this from the service charge rather than make a scene - we suspect that the waitress may have pocketed some cash on the way to the till and the service charge was certainly not deserved. This is the first time we have had such a poor experience at this restaurant - but friends who were there on the same evening also complained of the poor service. 
This place was once a m'chaya, but is now a nightmare. The prices are outrageous, even for kosher food. One old man who came to collect his dinner told me he could only afford the lentil soup nowadays and when he repeated it to the man at the reception, his statement was ignored as if it was either not heard or not understood.The quality of the meat and presentation of the food is below average. Service is acceptable, but the place feels more like a house of mourning than a restaurant and I'm still mourning the loss of £30+ on a meal that disappointed in every sense. 
Having visited for brunch a while ago we decided we would try for dinner. We booked a last minute table for 8:30pm 
The food was lovely albeit lacking rice in curry dish and limited choice. The service was disorganised and totally amateurish. We had 5 or 6 servers, drinks late, courses not all served together, wine not chilled, no wine glasses, not greeted in arrival, waiters had no idea how and when to serve.  
Soane's Kitchen had a lot of negative reviews in the past especially about its service. 
used to be my favourite restaurant when we were visiting London. Went last Sunday. Two large(ish) parties were there plus two or three tables with couples on. 
It was a takeaway. We had 6 mains. My burger was dry and boring. The ribs were good. The grilled chicken and the others were ok. Big portions. Nothing exciting.  
The food in this place is nice but not the best, and I have tried a lot of nice food throughout the world. Place is easy to find just opposite of Queensway tube station. I have to say what was really bad about it is the service and manners from staff. They will not greet you as you enter, or show you politely to your table or in fact be helpful when it comes to menu. After the starters we were left waiting 35 min for the main , after asking two different staff to check how much longer finally food arrived. We than ordered another bowl of plain rice as it wasn’t enough and bottled water and that never came at all. As more guests arrived everyone was busy serving everyone else so be prepared to wait. Don’t expect anyone to come to your table even when you call for assistance. Anyway for me will definitely never go back to this place. For someone who doesn’t mind bad service and waiting I suppose food is nice. 
This restaurant is supposed to be famous for its seafood and lobster noodles. We asked for scallops and mange touts and our waitress looked blank. Turned out they did not have either and they call themselves a seafood restaurant! We ordered the lobster noodle and it was very ordinary. I have tasted better in other restaurant. The restaurant is very cramped and the tables are very close together. We ordered toffee bananas for dessert and was told it would be 20 to 30 minutes' wait. So we ordered ice cream first while waiting and guess what, they brought the ice cream with toffee banana 30 mins later which defeated the whole purpose. It was very busy when we were there and the service was frantic and not attentive. It has gone downhill. Very disappointing. 
Initially we went to New Fortune Cookie across the road, always love their roast duck and I enjoyed their lobster noodles,too. After placing our orders in New Fortune Cookie, they told us they rang out of lobster, so we left and go over to Mandarin Kitchen. Disappointment. Roast duck skin was crispy, but the meat was COLD. Not that tasty too. The lobster noodles.... soso, not as nice as new Fortune Cookie. The quarter duck costs £9. Lobster noodles about £37.... never again.  
My husband and I together with two friends went to eat at the Aviv Restaurant in Edgware, an outer London suburb,parking is difficult as the local authority seem to want to discourage drivers to actually park easily!!!! The food is very mediocre as was the service that night, despite the fact that the restaurant was half full. There are two set menus which have not changed for many years and it is probably about time they did. My main dish of goulash was disappointing, the meat such as it was, was stringy and tasteless. The bright spot of the menu were the desserts which we all four tucked into as we were not over full. A little sparkle is needed by the management, old style favourites such as salt beef and chips would make a nice change!!!!! 
Great location very busy restaurant went there for lunch it was ok but not really tasty, veggies were over cooked and the meat was over sauced 
Great value for money, avoid the streaks, little or no finesses. Would. I go back, yes, great value for money and the staff are friendly. 
Although the food was very nice the service was not that good. We had to wait ages to be served and everyone around us that were Chinese seemed to be getting served before us even though we arrived first. The table that sat down about 20 mins after us had eaten their starter and were half way through their main course before our 1 starter had even arrived. I do get the feeling that if you are not Chinese your not a priority and because of that I don't think I'd eat here again. At the end of the meal we decided not to pay the service charge as the service had been so slow and poor then the manager came over making a scene demanding that we paid. Awful experience.  
We had eaten at Mandarin Kitchen years before and was hoping to get another good meal.  
The front desk person sat on phone talking loud on their mobile to family and was ignorant. Food wasn’t good. 
We tried this restaurant for the first time.TIt was a birthday celebration.The restaurant looked newly decorated 
Myself and my family went for a meal for my birthday  
We were a group of 6 and I’m not sure what we may have done to offend but immediately before they even took our order the servers were very abrupt and demanding. When taking our order he mandated that we do it in a certain order which is fine but was getting visibly annoyed with us that it took us a couple of seconds to keep track of how much rice we ordered. The food was absolutely delicious but I felt quite pressured to finish as they were watching us. Even after we had eaten but still finishing our drinks one of the waiters poured out the remaining wine and filled the glasses to the brim to chivvy us out of the restaurant. I cannot fault the food but I did not feel welcome even from the beginning. I would only recommend going here if there is two or three in your group. 
We ate at Wild Mango last evening and were really disappointed with the whole experience. The tables were a mess, it was understaffed which resulted in very slow service, and the food was average, at best. We have eaten here on and off over a few years and sometimes it can be quite good but they always seem to dip too which is such a shame and is avoidable. We wont be going back again.  
This location suited our requirements, it was Friday so we opted for fish and chips. What can I say, they sell fish and chips, it looks a nice venue, it’s busy, but the staff were poor, we were made to feel that we must be aliens, because we asked if they had gravy for the meat pies two of our party had. To sell pies as an option without gravy being available is unacceptable in my view. 
The pints are very watered down and the food is very overpriced. The service is good and I guess that makes up for the watered down pints and overpriced food. 
Recently moved to the area and was testing out the local restaurants . This Food was very nice and colourful but pretty spicy even the mild dishes where pretty hot . Was reasonably priced and received a great service . 
As a family, we have eaten here many times over the years and have found the food plentiful & the service good. Unfortunately this wasn’t the case when we recently ate here. Although the service was still good the food was less plentiful with portion sizes greatly reduced so we didn’t feel as if we were getting value for money. Hopefully this was a one-off so will try again although if the portion size remains small, we won’t be returning! 
I remember eating at the SKVP in Hounslow a few years ago and enjoying it. My recent trip to SKVP in Slough was a lot less fun. The samosas seemed a bit stale, the bhaji of the pao bhaji was like sludge and didn't taste much better, and the "lassi" was far too thick for lassi. On the other hand, the theplas were apparently pretty good and the chana masala served with the samosas was fine as well. All in all, a very mixed bag. The prices are really amazing though, and the South Asian population here really swears by this chain, so if I ever feel like eating chaat in the UK again, I will make the trip to the SKVP at Hounslow. 
The food quality is good but in Oct 20 I ordered food through Deliveroo. they didn't send 2 Pav Bhaji. As soon as I got the order I called the restaurant and the guy spoke to me promised to give me the 2 pav bhaji next time I order. Since I frequently take food from them I didn't mind. I agreed to accept the pav bhajis next and the guy said he will send 1 more pav bhaji as a good will.  
Good food when it finally arrived, staff seem a bit disorganised but polite. The TV is too loud and tables are cramped together. The tips are not given to staff which is outrageous so make a point to management if you do go there. 
After hearing lots of good reviews on the restaurant, I was invited by a friend to lunch there. 
Our friend recommended this place as the lobster noodles was famous. 
Must pre-order toffee banana 
I have had quite a lot of take away fish and chips from here. The fish is always cooked nicely but the portions of the fish can be a little stingy. The chips are hit and miss, sometimes they are lovely sometimes they are a little soggy. 
I was so delighted the North China managed to fit us in with short notice. However delight turned to despair and dehydration when we were given one menu between the four of us, other menus swiped from us for no reason and were then left unattended for 25mins, and then waited another 25mins for drinks to arrive. Our table was not the only one. Avoid the Chamber of the Forgotten Customer upstairs; we were atrophying and hallucinating about water and food and Chicken Cottage across the road looked appealing for the first time outside of a nuclear winter.  
Ordered a takeaway after a long day. I am very particular about my food but was encouraged by the mainly positive reviews. Unfortunately, although the food was ok, it wasn't great and some dishes were not well executed. 
We had the lamb momo: truly yummy, and very akin to my partner's native Chinese food. The potato tak tak was also delicious - but £5.45 for potato and spice; be serious! 
Booked a table on the strength of Greene Kings online advert celebrating National Gin Day. Offer was buy any double pink gin and get one free. None of the staff knew anything about it, despite telling us we were about the 5th people to ask for it. Staff called the manager over who simply shrugged l, said no and walked off. Notwithstanding this we stayed and ordered 1 medium and 1 medium rare steak and a bottle of wine. Both steaks arrived well done. There were serviettes and bits of paper all over the floor. On the whole not a great evening. Will not be visiting again and will be complaining to Greene King 
Visited the Buff for a drink on a Thursday night. The pub was fairly full and the drinks were reasonably priced. The bar staff were very good and pleasant. 
Called in here for my brothers 60th birthday, the food was okay, but my partner is gluten intolerant and was told there was no desserts he could eat and the ice cream contained gluten. I have only ever known ice cream to contain gluten on one occasion and that was the nasty cheap stuff on offer in the Harvester. considering the prices here I would hope the ice cream is not the cheapest, so I would be surprised to find gluten in it ! Our enjoyment of dessert was spoiled due to the fact that a drunk man decided to single us out for abuse. I had to telephone the police myself as the staff seemed reluctant to do so at first. Eventually the man was removed by the police but after he had damaged the shop door and threatened the chef. I do feel that the staff could have intervened sooner as my parents are in their eighties and were quite worried by the situation. Overall the food was adequate but more information should be available with regard to gluten free products, and the service was rather slow. 
Visited to eat in the evening for the third time in two years and whilst it has improved, there is still room for improvement in the quality of food. 
Decided to try this restaurant on a whim. Very busy as a Friday night, lots of elderly people so they think it is good. It was OK, my rock salmon was fresh but my other half thought the batter was too heavy. My main gripe is a service charge added to the bill. Discretionary. Sorry but do not put it on ,then there is no embarrassment when disputing it. I loathe this practice. 
The problem with Hatch End is the excessive number of mediocre restaurants all on the same high street. The locals are constantly attracted by convenience but not the quality of food. This allows the bar to be set very low. There is no room for a quality restaurant here.The Sea Pebbles is no exception. 
Food was above average high street Chinese. Sizzling prawns, and fillet steak (£16) in chilli sauce were excellent. Kids loved the lemon chicken too.  
Having had this restaurant recommended from several neighbours I was pleasantly surprised if not overwhelmed by the food on offer at North China. The room is pleasant and the welcome friendly, indeed the service was excellent and helpful the entire evening. Food is mainstream slightly old fashioned and carefully spiced but well prepared and generously portioned. Nothing here to scare the horses but nothing to set the heart racing either. 
The staff were really friendly and attentive. One of the best Naan breads iv had in london so far - soft and hot. Did not like the lightning esp when it got darker outside. Food was average. 
Weent to restaurant last week, food was of good quality but service very very sslow. 45 min wait between mains and deserts. Not sure if we would go back due to this. 
My boyfriend & I were staying close by and popped in for something to eat as we didn't want to go far. 
The food is fine, but the restaurant atmosphere needs invigorating. They did a repaint, but finished up no better than before. 
Ate here on Bank Holiday Sunday lovely warm evening so we sat outside. 
Pro: Dishes appear cheaper than most. Easy enough to park in the side streets outside the parking restriction times. Little other choice in this area of W London. Fish in white wine sauce was nice - not had that in a while. 
We visited the restaurant on Saturday night at 7 o'clock. We ordered a starter and the Menu B. The starter was quite fast but after that service was painfully slow. We finished the course at 10 o'clock.... and we decided leave the dessert!!! 
Love this place normally and have eaten and or taken away many a times. Today's service and quality was really disappointing. Cod goujons reduced portions size and overcooked. As was the size of the cod.  
Visited with friends for dinner recently. 
Unfortunately this place did not attract me. In my opinion as for such a busy place, the prices are too high for the tasteless food. 
I was not impressed by the quality of the fish. Overpriced compared to other nearby fish and chips outlets 
This restaurant seems to have gone downhill over the years. The service is so-so and so is the food, Some years ago about eight of us wanted to book a table and they made a big fuss and said they could not take advance bookings. Reluctantly they agreed to book at table for 8:00 and when we got there they denied all knowlege and told us to wait in a long queue. Naturally we left and ate elsewhere. The Bushey branch is another story though - friendly service and really good food. 
Had two orders of lobster noddles and a bunch of other stuffs for the four of us. The lobster was nice but somehow the wow factor was lost. The sizzling beef and Ma Po tofu were decent. Service was nothing to shout about.  
This restaurant was around the corner from our hotel. It was rated well so we gave it a try. They seated us right away. We checked the menu but waited about 10 minutes for someone to ask for our drink order. we ordered hot and sour soup, wonton soup,fried wontons and crispy beef in a spicy sauce. The hot and sour soup tasted ok but was really thick almost gelatinous. The fried wontons were horrible.The filling was not mixed together, it was whole pieces stuck in the wonton skin. The spicy beef was tough and chewy. You had to pay extra for rice which was gummy. 
we were very disappointed that our 2nd visit here didn't match up in any way to our first. I can only conclude that we ordered food which didn't work for us....I know my way around obvious dishes on the menu but tried more unusual choices, which was a mistake. Last time the set menu was excellent. The meal we had this time, ordering for ourselves, was bland and tasteless and disappointing or sharp and not to our taste. I am sad we didn't enjoy our meal. The restaurant is very busy and very popular. Do try it if you know chinese food or are prepared to go the set menu route or ask for advice. 
I attended this resturant on Valentine's day , was seated very close to the kitchen as the table I reserved was right by the door. Service was great they were very attentive and aware of the menu. Abit cheeky charging for popadoms food was nice enough felt as through the silver bowls they served food in slightly resembled bowls my pets eat from. Would recomend the lamb Biriyani , chicken tikka masal and lamb jafazi. 
Lunchtime meal - large portions of beautiful fish - chips okay but not brilliant - waiter could have been a bit happier - but all in all good 
The restaurant was fully packed, mostly with Chinese, which is always s good sign. Service is decent and quick. The selection is good and the portions are substantial, prices are high, though. We had noodles with crab: nice taste, but not the easiest to digest. They take reservations and, having seen the queues, it is wise to book 
It's quite cramped inside and although the food is good it's overpriced for what it is - fish and chips! There's a good choice of food.  
Have eaten here for years and have experienced good and bad. For our visit today we ordered 5 dishes and only 3 were good. Service was a bit inconsistent as well, with smiles mixed with rudeness. This restaurant is famous for it's lobster noodle which was good but the worst dish of the day, for us, was the "hot and sour" soup which was nothing more than vinegar mixed with broth. We asked the staff to "fix" the soup but all they did was to add flour to thicken it - strange and it tasted even worst! 
Decent enough food and service, would return but had better. For some reason beckenham doesnt have a stand out indian such as Shampan 2-4 but the curry cottage etc and this are worth a visit after a few beers. 
This is a great Indian if you want typical Indian food! Good standard but not really that imaginative,food was fresh and well prepared. 
I always love supporting my local business, but as the years went by the quality of the batter for the fish has dwindled. The once generous portions of chips are replaced with a quick and aggressive throw into a box which isn't enough to fill you up, and my past 4 visits this year have been spoiled each time I bite into my battered haddock; the batter is oversaturated in oil and I feel like I was biting through crunchy and solidified paste rather than good fish. 
Had a good meal, service was fine.The main issue was that the wine and beers are just too expensive. Supermarket beer, supermarket wines. We all know the true price but mark ups of 400 per cent is taking the Mickey. 
We had heard/read lots of good reviews so thought we would book a table for our date night. The staff were very friendly and gave great service, we enjoyed our wine and the overall atmosphere and feeling of the restaurant was good. The down side to our evening was that we had to wait a long time for our mains to arrive, when they finally arrived the presentation was lovely but a shame it didn't taste as good as it looks. My partner had the mixed tandoori meats and other than the prawn all the meats were very dry, I had a Lamb tikka masala which was tasty but didn't have a lot of meat in it. 
We haven't been for an Indian meal / curry for a while ... Tonight we remembered why ... Although the food is very good here... Who pays £3.50 for a small bottle of Perrier!?? We did .. £7.00 as we had two and didn't realise it was such a rip off! What made it worse - we got the bill 'we take the Tastecard' it stated ... Handed in our Tastecard and then were told ... 'Sorry, you have to tell us about the Tastecard when you come in' ... Really - why put that on the bottom of the receipt then? Would never go back to robbing businesses .. Who will go bust with this poor business acumen. 
I have been a regular patron of this restaurant in Acton! Without exception for more years than I care to admit I have enjoyed meals for leisure and business. Last night that enjoyment came to an abrupt end. Taking two guests to share the celebration of my wife's birthday, it was bad from beginning to end! Our Hors d'Oeuvre arrived 'independently' for my guests and my wife and I waited a further 15 minutes before someone realised our order had been forgotten! The main course fared little better! My wife ordered one of the very few vegetarian options and egg fried rice! The first thing she received was special fried rice with prawns. Requesting this be removed we were given the distinct impression our custom was more an inconvenience than anything else!! Rice wine was served so hot it was untouchable for the main part of the meal - again no apology or remedial action by the manager/owner (more interested in his special parties!!) or extremely sullen staff! The opportunity to comment was even denied when I asked for the bill as the staff who 'served' us were conspicuous by their absence. This was a Thursday evening - not a hectic night by any means but I regret we will on no account return there nor recommend it to our friends and colleagues! Sorry North China - your loveable grandfather would not be proud! 
We went for a meal on a Sunday night, decided to try somewhere new. I used to enjoy the indian that this has replaced so was expecting it to be really good. 
Having been to so many Chinese restaurants in London, I had quite a high expectation from Mandarin Kitchen as the reviews were pretty good. I'm afraid I have to disagree with so many of the positive reviews.  
Dined on a thursday night as group of two. Restaurant very busy. 
We went there last week after having read a slew of positive sounding reviews on its food. We were thoroughly disappointed and the 3rd star may be a bit charitable as 2.5 stars would be about right in our estimation. 
Price  
I've been going to Mandarin Kitchen for 30 years and it was always hard to beat its signature Lobster dishes anywhere. Please bear in mind that this is a restaurant that I'd been recommending everyone to go to for more years than I care to remember. I hadn't been here for perhaps 3 years and, sadly, it has gone downhill.The food wasn't below average but certainly not above......I suppose the words "very average" spring to mind. Perhaps the most irritating feature of what used to be a very friendly restaurant with great and very helpful staff has turned into what I can best describe as a restaurant with the most awful karma. The staff (at least the ones serving me, my good lady and our 8 year old daughter were simply miserable and did their best to try to make us (a generally fun and happy threesome) feel like very unwanted guests. Then waiter's standard of English was very poor and certainly not one might expect of one of London's more expensive Chinese restaurants.We asked a waitress for a straw for my daughter...Nothing. We made the same request to the waiter....again NOTHING. I got up and went to the bar to get one myself. I spoke to the young manager who simply showed scant interest.. For the first time for years I asked the waitress to deduct the service charge (for sincerely non-existent service)....She gave me such a look as if I'd insulted a close member of her family. Guys....This restaurant is simply now not in the same league as other restaurants in the vicinity and it's such a same.....Give it a wide berth. PS On a happier note the place has recently been refurbished (after years of total neglect and filthy carpets) so it's now smart and miserable rather than dingy and miserable.... 
Service was polite and efficient .Nice design and surroundings and easy to park. 
This place is popular, no mistake, but felt like we were back 30/40 years. The food, whilst tasty, is very old-fashioned London Chinese and it felt as though time had stood still. A very long menu (why?) and a surly waitress (just like old times!) so this would appeal to the nostalgia fans. We ate well but came out feeling a tad heavy and bloated and felt that the food, on the whole, was mediocre. Having said that, with the dearth of Chinese restaurants in London I will probably go back after the Christmas/New Year period to see if it's any better. Finally, why doesn't the place have a website? A bit old-fashioned...like the menu. 
Good food but atmosphere a bit lacking and pricey for fish and chips, I felt. Still nice change from other places in Hatch End. 
We have eaten here before, about 6 months ago. It was then packed and we were lucky to get a table (they only allow advance bookings for 8 or more people and we were 4.) The last time we enjoyed it very much and couldn't fault it.  
We have been coming to Sea Pebbles for decades, it is very popular. We really enjoy their fish and chips. It is true that the chips could be a bit more cooked, but we always eat them! The fish always tastes fresh and is well cooked. The slight downside on the food is that it has become a bit pricey and the portions over the years have become less (smaller plates) as others on this website have stated. 
Fish and chips (and a few other choices), no frills but tasty food. When restaurants stick to a short menu and do a good job customers will return again and again. The chairs are not terribly comfortable and parking is a pain but neither affected my enjoyment of the food. 
Visited this restaurant on the basis of the reviews read on Trip Advisor, but after visiting I don't agree with the 5-stars. 
Went to try out this restaurant but opted for a take away. 
Food is ok here but the place is so brightly lit you feel you are in a canteen. We prefer low lighting and atmosphere when we go out for a meal. Judging by how empty it was on a saturday night I expect other people feel the same. 
Ordered a take away. Arrived luke warm, had to reheat in the microwave. Dissapointed. We live 3 minutes by bike from the resturant. 
Having heard so much about the lobster noodle, my wife and I decided to check out the place for ourselves. We arrived for dinner and were promptly shown a table despite not having a reservation. Service was prompt and efficient.  
It was advertised as half a shredded duck on the menu, but the adjoining table had a much larger serving. The defensive manager's rather lame response was that some ducks are bigger than others. Evidently ! It was also rather tough and chewy, not for the dentally-challenged. 
Went with a group of friends to the outlet in Bayswater. Ordered the usual Chinese fare but the standout was the lobster noodles. Rest of the dishes were pretty average. Price was not too bad for the portions. Service was good but noisy as you would sometimes expect in a Chinese restaurant. If you crave lobster, try this place, else give it a miss. 
Really expensive for what you get now and the quality (and service in the restaurant) have really gone downhill. The waiters in the restaurant seem to care more about catching up with each other than actually serving customers. The portions have become very small. Their battered sausages are really, really poor quality to the point where it's almost like eating fried pate.  
Service has definitely improved since opening after latest refurbishment. Quite pricey although the portions are substantial. Very popular in the early evening.  
I can see why this place no longer has people queuing out of its doors like its local rival counterparts. 
Nice location and food wasn't bad  
OK, we were near Queensway and hungry, wanted to eat Chinese, and didn't have a reservation at Saturday lunchtime so we piled into the first place with space which isn't necessarily the best idea if you want to eat well. Mandarin Kitchen had the attraction of being a seafood restaurant and, indeed, there are some interesting sounding dishes on the menu with a much better selection of seafood than usually encountered. The dining room is nicely turned out, the tables comfortable and well spaced, and money has been well spent elsewhere in the establishment, such as the toilets upstairs. However, both service and the food were variable - the former sometimes very efficient (eg. plates cleared away) but occasionally lackadaisical (eg. forgetting a beer order), and the latter being all over the place. Two of our starters were almost completely lacking in taste with the razor shell clams being particularly disappointing, and the others were just rather . The squid, asparagus and shrimp rice, and the Chines broccoli by contrast were good (but I suspect MSG is used in some plates). Basically, anything that came quickly were underwhelming whereas the orders that took more time generally satisfied so, if you end up at the Mandarin Kitchen, I would advise a conversation with one of the more alert waiters about what is fresh and, more importantly, what is cooked from scratch. 
There was a time when this restaurant served up excellent lobster noodles, now it seems they are just riding on their previous popularity. I have been twice and both items it was just average. Try Pearl Liang's Lobster Noodles-much better! 
I am always surprised by the decor and upkeep of this restaurant. Given the prices it charges for food, it should provide more of a dining experience. The food however, is very good. 
We heard great things about this restaurant but we had an average meal. Service was decent but food a bit disappointing.  
When asked for a table for 3 we were greeted with a very stern 'have you booked' when I responded no I expected to be turned away, only to then be offered a table! Our order was taken by a miserable waiter who insisted on looking at other tables when taking our order apposed to making eye contact with us, no smile no please or thank you!? Our main meals we're deleivered whilst we we're still eating our soup and dishes and spoons whipped out of our hands!!? We had to ask 3 times for the bill and in the end had to get up and walk to the cash desk to pay!!!?? Food was however delicious but spoilt by such poor service :( 
Not up to standard on chips fish ok but prides staff lovely prices high lovely resturant eat in is better than takeaway central 
After completely decorating the restaurant a few months ago, we visited and 5 of us were very disappointed. The queues to get a table are as big as ever, but the food is no where as big as it was. The plates have become so small, probably to make the fish look bigger! Very few chips given, and the salad substitute of a few lettuce leaves, half a tomato and a few slices of cucumber are an insult. Bring back the old generous style.  
The food is actually pretty good. We had seafood dishes and it was delicious. My main complain was the staff, they weren´t rude, but they weren´t nice either. Above all they didn´t seem very interested in serving us, something which doesn´t seem polite when they charge you 10% of on top of the bill amount for service charges. I wasn´t pleased at all. 
The food was average. great bar area and good seating area. good place to do birthdays. We went here for a 30th birthday party where there was 16 of us.  
The pub has screens on which you can watch sporting events. It serves food though I didn't try any. During the match the bar area seemed busy and I was served quite quickly. 
We normally buy fish and chips to take away but decided to eat in as the restaurant was not too busy. The service was prompt. We had haddock and chips which were fresh and tasty. 
I have been here to eat now three times, though the fish and chips are nice they are nothing special. They are served on a nice place within a restaurant setting and so the price goes up and isn't worth up to £10 for a basic fish and chip. The restaurant is small and so can get cramped as well. It is worth going to once to experience it.  
Sorry quality and size of fish portion does not compare to White House, Fresh Fry or Olympus. Although nicely decorated, now very cramped on table for 4 and table alongside. Staff Very friendly and helpful. Service Good. It was nice to have a bit more varied menu. 
This is unquestionably a great place to go if you like seafood. Always fresh and well cooked - particularly the lobster and the dover sole. Much of the rest of the cooking is very competent, although not all of it is outstanding. 
This restaurant used to be an excellent fish restaurant, but the quality of the fish or the cooking of the fish has gone down hill and so the last few times we have visited, what used to be beautiful white flaked fish became mushy and overcooked. The staff also used to be really helpful and friendly but in recent times, the staff haven't been friendly at all and often don't speak very good English which makes communication quite difficult. I tried to speak to the Manager about this but he took ages to come over whilst talking to a friend and when he did, he was totally disinterested. It is a shame as it used to be a great restaurant. i think they possibly own too many restaurants and have taken their eye off the ball. 
We ate at the Mandarin kitchen and were unimpressed. 
My family and I had takeaway from here when staying nearby and it got quite mixed reviews. Sometimes with chinese takeaways it can be dependant on what you're used to but certainly a couple of people in the group got something quite different than they were expecting. Personally while mine was roughly what I was expecting it wasn't particularly full of flavour. Having said that the takeaway food may be different from the restaurants. The service was very friendly. 
I am coming back here after 8 years. Ordered the lobster noodles and wanton soup. Service is very good. 
We have eaten here around 5 times over the last 5 years. Seafood dishes, lobster with noodles, steamed scallops, were always amazing. This visit, on 4 January, we ordered spare ribs, steamed scallop, Peking dumplings, chow mein, roast duck, and a pork with chilies dish, and bok Choy with garlic. Summary- chow mein and scallops were up to par, while the rest of the dishes were very plain, ordinary at best. Perhaps it's our fault for not ordering their trump seafood dishes, but I was really surprised that most of our dishes were so uninspired. The word tasteless comes to mind. Oh, and the bok choy was totally overkilled with garlic. We love garlic, but this was definitely way too much. 
The main draw of this crowded restaurant has got to be the Lobster noodles (35 pounds). The serving was good enough for 2. The lobster was fresh, but I suppose the texture of the noodles was not to my liking. Overall, it is still worth a try if you are keen to spend a little more! 
As with all chippys, sometimes the food can be hit and miss. Sometimes the chips are great but the fish less so - others vice versa. To call it a restaurant is misleading, certainly the decor and style of service makes it more towards the "caff" end of the spectrum. That said, for a sit-down fish supper it's between average and very good (usually) but a tad pricey for what you get. There is a good range of types of fish though, better than most chippys. But overall, just average for me - I've had much better for less £ in seaside towns where the fish is so fresh it's literally still flapping. 
Food ok. A golden rule to judge chinese restaurants is to see how much onion is included - and here they use too much ! 
Food not too bad but the attitude of the staff leaves much to be desired just like Hatch end wouldn't bother again. 
This is a bit of a strange mix of a place, part fish and chip shop, part café, part restaurant but it's usually quite "buzzy" and the service, although a bit haphazard, is usually quick. Its major advantage in an area with lots of restaurants around is that you can usually get a table just by turning up. Their fish is excellent, either fried of grilled, and although they do other things they are just fillers, this is a fish and chip shop. The only snag is the chips, they vary from just about acceptable to downright nasty and over a period of years they have never improved. It took me quite a while to realise this, thinking I had just been unlucky with a batch, but no, they have never, ever, been good. Go for the fish but order something to go with it that's not chips, pita bread or salad or anything but chips. 
Whilst the quality of the fish was good unfortunately their method of preparation was very plain,bland & ordinary. The food was in fact tasteless. On asking the waiter ,who gave us excellent service, as to how the fish was prepared & could we have some garlic,butter & lemon dressing to pour over the fish was told they don't do that & that could only offer lemon wedges & tartare sauce which was good. A great pity as the fish ordered by one party.,Halibut Steak was very dry. 
I had a great night on Sunday with my family in North China. All of dishes were fresh and delicious. The staff were attentive and kind.  
The food was nice but not as good as when I came here years ago as a child, the most embarrassing thing about this restaurant is the price. The fish is £5 more expensive than if you had take away and smaller portions, and the worse issue is a can of coke is £2.95..... 
We went to the above restaurant last week, the fish was amazing as was the salad, My husband ordered chips, to which there was about 10. Also the Manager kept telling off a waiter, obviously he was new to the job but telling him off in front of customers in not very professional 
We were attracted to this restaurant because it is always busy and often this means it serves good food. It was right: food is excellent. 
We were taken by friends to this restaurant for lunch on a Friday. I find it hard to review in a positive or negative way. Nice welcome, very clean, bright and airy. No sooner had we sat down than menus were thrust into our hands, seconds later they wanted our order - they were sent away with just a drink order whilst we looked at the menu. Once the drinks arrived they were back to take the order so we obliged. Service was quick but the food was very variable. One lady only eat half of hers and left the rest, my wife had a salmon salad and was extremely satisfied, the other friend eat all of his and declared himself reasonably happy! I had the haddock and chips and found it slightly disappointing! A big portion of fish - at least it looked it - but it was mostly batter with a very thin piece of fish inside!! The chips were not to my liking, hardly cooked, not very warm and very dry (I do like a nice crispy chip). The restaurant was not particularly busy and we were not hurried in any way. On this experience I would rate this as average although I do think there may be something good in there trying to get out!! 
The food lived up to expectations but little things would prevent us going back. The ketchup was the cheap watery kind - served in the ugly red plastic refillable bottles that looked 'tired' They should take a leaf out of Nandos books who provide premium brand ketchup in new bottles! Cans of soft drinks were overpriced. Service was good even on a busy Saturday evening. 
I visited as part of a corporate day out so can't comment on value for money. This place has a contemporary feel and is a short walk to Twickenham Stadium. Since it was a large party of approximately 100 people we weren't given access to the full menu. I opted for steak which on the whole was ok but I wasn't given a choice as to how this should be cooked. Mine was quite rare which was OK for me. But for those who like well done steak I can imagine it could've been sent back to the kitchen. Very attentive staff and worth visiting 
Four of us shared a bottle of wine chosen from the extensive wine list. On settling the bill, I was taken aback to find that 12.5% service had been added. 
we cannot understand why people rate this restaurant so much. Went in there for 1st time in about a year the staff looked miserable and like someone else said gave you a menu and no time to read it asking if we had made our mind up. The chips were undercooked and the fish average nothing special, and the smallest glass of red wine ive ever had for the price. We asked for spotted dick for dessert and the waiter could not understand what we wanted and had to ask his collegue for help even though it was on the menu. Overall experience we would not go back.N 
Went here for lunch today on a Tuesday so the restaurant had few customers. We were taken by 3 friends who love this restaurant and go regularly. This is the first time we have been. I ordered the ministrone soup which came luke warm with a buttered piece of stale bread. I was not even asked if I wanted my bread buttered. I asked for Parmesan cheese which they do not have fresh grated by a server but instead that disgusting tasting packeted stuff. I ordered the daily special which was smoked haddock with an egg on top. The haddock was so salty I wanted send it back but I was with the friends who go regularly so I didn't want to upset them. My wife ordered the grilled salmon which was over done and she left half of it. She said that the boiled rice was a cheap variety tasteless. The others seemed happy with their meals so maybe they are used to school dinners. The chips our friend ordered which I tasted were underdone and not at all crispy and the extra order of mushy peas were very wet and tasteless. The portions of fish were a good size and the fixed price for 2 courses very fair if the food had been good. However you would get far better fish at the Green Man fish restaurant in Edgware. The service was ok except that there were time delays between some of us and others receiving their food as it did not all come out at the same time. 
WE have been using "Sea Pebbles" for some 10 years. There is no doubt that the Fish is the best inside the M25 . Until recently the Wine has been good a Spanish Rioca a reasonable Merlot and Shiraz. First the Rioca was off the menu then the merlot and Shiraz were replaced by very cheap thin Italian plonk. The owner was unfortunatly not available last Friday. My rating has dropped from 5 to 3. Staff still very good as is food but . . . . . 
As an individual that has special and complex needs I went to Knights tandoori craving spicy popadoms. Mint sauce and lime pickle. It wasn’t until I got home and opened my bag that revealed I had been supplied with normal popadoms (which were very well cooked) 
After hearing and reading so many good things about Sea Pebbles I really wanted to love it, but sadly, I left feeling somewhat disappointed and unlikely to return. 
We regularly get take-aways from sea pebbles. It is good reliable fish and chips, reasonably priced and served quickly. On this occasion we went to the restaurant with some friends. It is not what I would call a smart restaurant but it is quite nicely furnished and clean. On a Saturday night it is busy and noisy. The services was OK. I was quite impressed that you don't have to have the typically unhealthy fish and chips - you can get the fish grilled accompanied by rice, salad or boiled potatoes. The price is reasonable. You do come out smelling of fish and need to wash all your clothes, but this is typical of an English fish and chip restaurant. Note that you need cash or debit card - you can't use credit cards. Also, you can't make a reservation. 
Service was good, food was good but the restaurant is in need of refurbishment & a good clean! My wife was disgusted at the toilet  
Garfunkel's didn't impress us at all. Although the food was okay service was very slow and we had to ask the waiter several times for napkins, water, etc. 
Garfunkel's is your average restaurant that looks like a good option. The food is adequate, the prices seem right, but somehow you end up paying more than you bargained for... We had the fish and chips and the Caeser salad. Both were tasty, but the portions are small, so we ordered onion rings as well.  
Ok, so this review will probably really annoy some of the types of 20 year veterans that eat here every Friday. Thats the opener! But I genuinely felt compelled to write this review after several visits experiencing the same old problems over a few months. The reason for writing this is I was made to feel that the likelihood of these people receiving open, honest feedback that was observed in a positive way is literally non existent. 
The food was good and we enjoyed our meal, but my wife felt compelled to complain about the filthy state of the Ladies Toilets. It seems that they do not have a rota for checking and cleaning them regularly and frequently during the day. 
Fish is good, service is ??? at the restaurant, a bit too slow for me.....just wait and wait and wait......After you ordered, you wait wait wait again.....ask for the bill....fast but wait again for someone to collect the check and change...... 
Visited with friends and kids during off peak hours. Starters were good but mains (beyti and Adana kebab) were bland and not so tasteful. Was left a little disappointed as was told the by others the food was good. Service was fine despite the restaurant being what looked short staffed.  
This restaurant has quite an old fashioned feel. A fairly traditional menu and a dessert trolley which I haven't seen In years! Service good, staff helpful and polite. Solid all rounder. 
We didn't have a bad meal but it wasn't good either and it should have been so much better. I started with scallops which arrived almost raw and completely white - they hadn't been quickly seared on both sides. Then my lobster thermidor from the day's specials was cold and the cheese topping was completely set and hard - the lobster was still tasty but I have never been served it like that before. The other 3 starters were good and the men's man courses were good as well but my girlfriend's duck wasn't- it was overcooked. They have far too many dishes on the menu which means none can be cooked really well. Also the restaurant is very dated with too many tables for the number of people they attract. It just needs a complete overhaul to turn it into an excellent local restaurant in beautiful Harrow on the Hill. 
Starter was ok - but not an overly generous portion.  
Good restaurant, nice food, some promotions but very slow service. 
Got off to a poor start with dirty table with paper napkins with tomato stains. 
Visiting London on a family trip, we decided to eat out at the Prezzo restaurant near out hotel in Wembley, as we have a Prezzo in our home town which we are regular visitors to. 
We experienced the pompeii menu ,which was slightly disappointing 
Visited a Monday evening for a quick dinner. Almost empty restaurant, but very clean and neat restaurant. Was having a pizza and that was very good. Service was friendly. This is not a place to go if you looking for advanced food, but for a quick and descent, and rather cheap dinner, it is quite ok. Very clean and new furnitures made it good. 
Fairly typical suburban Chinese / Thai / Malaysian and therein lies the problem, menu is huge... Eaten here twice in the last 2 weeks (near the Premier Inn), it’s much better when you can work the set menus if there is a group, so for example of there are 5 or 6 get one meal for two & a different one for two (see photo) - this will be more than enough. On your own - disappointing. Tom Yum soup was hopeless. With an exception of one helpful waiter, front of house & waitress service were not great.... 
Standard city pub. Only one choice of bitter. Food Standard to mediocre bordering on poor. . But for a quick retreat in a city centre I would use it again - just probably choose food that they can easily reheat 
the food was good but the service was unfriendly and slapdash, i prefer to go to the eastcote branch, where the service is better and the restaurant clear of flies 
This is a lovely place. It has a good ambience, the service is excellent and the food is good. But ... The food is not wow. Not worthy of the prices charged. We have been to several Michelin starred restaurants in London and this didn't match our experience elsewhere. No amouse bouche , very small portions. We have had better meals at The Five Fields , Bibendum, The Ledbury for the price. Don't mind paying the price if it's mind-blowing but it wasn't.  
We love Heston, he is generous and fun, creative, such an amazing researcher... and great chef. 
There was 8 people and we all ordered at the same time. Food came out disjointed and some was cold. Food is average and so is the service. It’s ok if there is a lot of you as it is quite big as are the tables. Nice place for parties of 4 and over but nothing special. 
Food was good ,atmosphere great however when I asked male waiter re desserts as my son has nut allergy he was not helpful just said we take no responsibility and was not willing to check ingredients ,therefore disappointed he did not even try  
Firstly the food is excellent! So hats off to the chefs! However, the waiters/waitress are in your faces all the time! As it is you are restricted as to what time you have to leave for the next sittings, so it all feels a bit rushed anyway! Plus while eating, they keep trying to top up your wine glasses even when you’ve barely drunk any! Also kept asking if you want more sides (obviously to bump up your bill if you accept) and constantly coming over and it became annoying! Now there’s being attentive and there’s being too pushy, and unfortunately here it is the latter!  
The restaurant is situated in a small block of shops on the main road. Warmly welcomed by the staff, we were given a nice table for our meal. We (6pax) shared a warm Meze and a cold Meze as starters followed by individual dishes. The Meze was disappointing (very uninteresting) but the main courses were fine, well presented, good quality and tasty. 
I am not sure if we were a bit unlucky or i have got used to stronger or spicier flavours of food, but we found our food to be a little on the bland side.  
I visited here with a friend on a week night, when we arrived the restaurant was fairly empty and we were seated straight away. We were given menus instantly and then left to peruse them. We were very conscious the whole time that 2 members of the serving team were standing just a couple of metres from our table, literally staring at us! So we quickly made our menu choices and ordered our food.  
We were in Twickenham for the Rugby but had been let down by the restaurant we had booked. We were passing Bellissimo and despite the pressure of the day they agreed to fit us in, despite the size of the party. Because it was match day there as only a fixed 3 courses menu but there as plenty of choice including fillet steak! Service was very good - efficient, fast and friendly. The food was very good and portion sizes more than ample.  
We are a frequent fine dining guests so we've had some expectations from a 2 Michelin star restaurant in London. Unfortunately I can only say the food was very average.  
There are some wonderful dishes here, along with some average. The problem is that service is atrocious. We sat in the lounge for 30 minutes before the waitress came back because she forgot to place the order. After that she charged us full price for everything. The lack of service continued through dinner. Much better places to go in London, though it was Christmas Eve so choices were limited.  
Did read previous reviews before we went so we wondered how it would go! Had no reservation but staff accommodated us quickly. There were no issues with the staff at all. Very friendly and happy to advise on the food and the wine. Had the antipasti for 2 which had a lot of different meats but was missing any cheese. Quite a nice platter though. Tried the penne with chicken and mushrooms which was served absolutely burning hot and tasted good when it cooled enough to be able to eat it! Partner had pizza that he said was very nice. First glass of wine was fantastic, not sure the second was the same brand as it didn't compare. Service charge was automatically added which I don't like personally but at £80 for the two of us I suppose it's fair for London. It's an ok place for a regular meal out. 
This is an okay pub with good beer. The fish and chips were boring and expensive, which is too bad, because England was supposed to have invented fish and chips. Try something else. 
We have been here before but this visit was not so good as previously. The service was very slow taking almost an hour and a half for 2 courses in early evening. The food was pretty ordinary as well and the overall bill was quite expensive for the quality of the food. Portions were very good though. Disappointed after our previous visits. 
Just called in on way back from match. Seated upstairs, it was a little crammed in and the waitress had to squeeze past our table a few times. Food was good, service was slow and i felt the waitresses where quite false. Not much more to say! Go for the food.  
I have eaten here 3 times for an evening meal and couldn't fault it. Amazing pasta and pizza, great service, lovely setting inside and all at a good price. I took my work colleagues here for breakfast early one Friday morning and the food was still great, but the place was freezing cold and we were served by quite a rude man wearing a tracksuit, not the same atmosphere at all. We decided to give it one more go as the food was so good (none greasy fry up, eggs royale and an amazing scrambled egg, smoked salmon and hollandaise ciabatta). The next time was awful and I've not been back since. It was the same grumpy rude man, just as cold inside but this time the food wasn't even cooked! My ciabatta hadn't been toasted, no sauce inside and there was a freezing cold lump of mozzarella thrown inside the sandwich straight out of the fridge, not even an attempt to melt it. The other breakfasts were just as disappointing, no effort made whatsoever, not sure I even want to go back for an evening meal after that. 
Our reserved table was waiting by the window so we perused the standard menu and ordered at the bar. It’s not a huge menu but there’s enough choice and prices are good for London. 
My husband and I had wanted to go here for a while, so when his parents and brother came to visit it seemed the perfect time. Sadly it totally underwhelmed us. The food was nice, the meat fruit was interesting, as was the dessert, in terms of presentation but that's where it ended. The flavours weren't exciting and the atmosphere felt flat despite it being a Saturday night. My father in law's food was cold and the sauce luke warm but he didn't say anything as honestly the waiting staff were a little pompous and not overly friendly. This was markedly different to our experience at The Ledbury just a month earlier, which was wonderful, and left us confused as to how both of these restaurants can be 2 michelin star I can only assume putting Heston in the name somehow biases the judgement. We really went here expecting to love it but every memeber of our 5 person group left feeling disappointed. Maybe it was an off night but i would not recommend this restaurant, especially in London where there are so many better ones to choose from. 
Nice little venue. Plenty of charachter. Very good service. Not all menu was available. Food was decent but not exceptional. Worth a visit but dont make a 'bee-line' for the place! 
No complaints where the food was concerned. I only had a takeaway, ordered in advance but had to wait longer than I expected. Restaurant was big inside and looked nice. 
Have been here twice now to eat so it's not too bad and service is good. 
My husband and I visited Bellissimo on a Sunday evening - it was our wedding anniversary and had been recommended to us as "a bit special". Having stepped through the front door and waited for a bit, we walked on through in search of somebody and found a waiter at the desk in the middle. Telling him we had booked a table his response was to sit anywhere and left us to it! He came over a little while later with the menu and wine list and disappeared again. We had plenty of time to chose our meal and wine, which admittedly we didn't have to wait long for it to arrive. The starters were excellent, generous and tasty. Unfortunately we werent so lucky with the main. I chose the duck and specifically mentioned that I liked it pink, more rare than medium rare but when it arrived sadly it was well over cooked. The skin wasn't crispy or the fat rendered down. Very disappointing, I would have sent it right back had there been anyone to talk to but no one in sight! My husband's risotto was OK but a little bland sadly. We'd finished our wine and no chance of ordering anything else - we felt we could have got up and walked out and no one but other diners would have noticed at the time. Very disappointing, but I see from other reviews the other diners have faired better, so it must have been a bad night. 
I expected so much more, but was underwhelmed. Mediocre pizza, so-so service, although was only one other person in the restaurant. Shan't go again. 
We came for a quick lunch before the 3pm game at Wembley, seated straight away as it was quite quiet, however it soon filled up. We were first disappointed that there was no option of soya milk for a hot drink, we then never received the coffee we ordered, which was also on the bill. Service wasn't great, the waitresses never smiled, and weren't overly friendly. However, the food was good, a little on the expensive side for what they are, but still good. Kids menu is great value for money, and they got a lot of food too. 
We visited this Prezzo before going to a concert. It was very busy and service was chaotic. Staff were friendly but seemed to be rushing about haphazardly. We waited ages to place order and between courses. To save time we asked for the bill whilst waiting for our desserts! 
I called in spontaneously for a spot of brunch. The restaurant was very empty and I had to find someone to see if I could sit anywhere. I realised I'd walked past a group of the staff having a coffee when one appeared from nowhere to help me out. 
We have been to several 2 Michelin star restaurants before and I have to say this is at the bottom of the list. The food is good, we went there for a quick set menu lunch. At first impression, no amuse bouche and bread's crust is very hard. Further, service was slow and not very attentive, nobody asked us how the food was; it is hard to put in words but the atmosphere was just not special like other 2 Michelins. We won't be back and prefer to spend more at safer 2 stars like The Ledbury, Marcus, or Midsummer House in Cambridge. 
Food was good, nicely cooked and service very nice, but nothing very surprising, no wow effect, just a normal very good restaurant. We have been in many 1 star restaurants that are definitely above this level. However, if you go we recommend to try the famous “meat fruit” - amazing plate. 
I was all ready to write such a glowing review of this place. Been here for breakfast a couple of times and the food is really good, the price good and the feel a bit quirky. I was planning on going back for other food another time, but the power of one bad experience is so strong I wont be going back here at all. 
Gave the venue due to the fact the kitchen forget our starters. The mains and the cocktails were lovely. Shame about the starters as the kitchen forgot someone else's starters as well. The waiter who served us was very nice.  
Was fairly quiet when we ate on a MOnday night. I had pizza my colleague had pasta. Both were ok, nothing startling. The service was mixed. The young man was good, attentive and sorted things the girl had a bit of a "im too busy to be bothered" attitude and when we asked for seperate bills told us it wasnt possible and basically told us off for asking. (I have had seperate bils at Prezzo in other parts of the country so dont know why it was a problem today!) 
We visited this place this Friday. I must say that it is a lovely restaurant with pleasant atmosphere but because it was a lunch time they were very busy. It took quite while till somebody came to serve us. The waitress was nice and polite but in rush so I felt uncomfortable when I saw her staring at me and waiting till I order. Anyway the food was really tasty. We ate it all!! 
Flat bland food that looks amazing and lacks in flavour. Some of the dishes seem far to simple for the 2 star rating, while others look amazing but are all about presentation not flavour.  
I must come clean from the start and admit I am a Heston fan. Thanks to him my cooking has move a giant step forward. Unfortunately, my food expectations have also gone up with my cooking. 
Came here for lunch before going to watch X Factor show in the arena. Had to wait ages to be served.....resorted to calling someone over as had waited for far too long and were under time pressure. In fairness, once ordered, the food did come relatively quickly and was very pleasant, but the initial service really let the place down.  
On the whole average, except being told there was no pizza (or garlic bread). Thankfully we were happy to have pasta, but still a little irritating! We were the last people in the restaurant around half an hour before closing, but the staff were clearly keen to get shut of us! As we were sat waiting, the full lights were turned on ruining the atmosphere, not exactly subtle, but the staff were pleasant enough and the food was ok. 
Been past this place lots as I live in the area but never stopped off until recently. Pretty laid back service which was probably appropriate for a sunday. Food was very tasty and the atmosphere ok. Would I go back? Not sure although haven't been back since. 
I can only comment on the Fish and Chips since that’s what everyone in our party ordered. After being in the U.K. for three weeks and eating fish numerous times in different locations, this was our least favorite. It tasted fine but the fish fillet was on the thin side and over cooked. The rest of the meal was comparable to other pubs. We would make another choice next time.  
Arrived in practically empty restaurant... first orders was taken in good timing... drinks arrived,the waitress returned to inform iUs that risotto was not available... had to order another dish. Never mind...  
Went the weekend with family, before a Wembley concert, queued for half hour to get in. It's lightening quick, it's too quick.. it's like the food is ready to come out before the menus do. When it does, it's no more than ok. Pasta a bit cold, pizza ok but nothing special. We had hounous to start, it was runny. £80 for 5 of us (3kids) bottle of wine in that price.. . waitresses efficient but very solemn looking. Won't return I'm afraid.  
Nice atmosphere,was very warm inside that was great as it was 3 degrees outside.  
We have had dinner at thousands of Restaurants, including many tasting menus and can honestly say this restaurant is definitely not value for money.They don’t even offer a tasting menu. 
Don't know how to feel about this place... Went there on a Sunday night and it was fairly busy. Staff was nice and efficient but not particularly friendly. Food was adequate yet bland. The fish & chips was perfectly cooked but tasteless. Average beers. It wasn't a bad experience in any way but it lacked ambiance, taste and soul. 
We first visited in the early afternon when the place was not at al busy. Our food order was pretty tasty. And service was good. However, returning the next evening when there was a crowd was an entirely different experience. Food quality went downhill, and service was not so good, either. For one example, the chicken and bacon sandwich had little or no bacon. Also, a Guiness order was forgotten. 
I booked Heston Blumenthal for our anniversary based on it’s rating and the excellent reviews. 
Warm welcome by most staff. Every bite was delicious and full of flavour. We chose the 3 course meal. Dessert was tipsy pudding which was ordered in advance. That was one of the most incredible desserts I’ve ever eaten.  
We love this restaurant - but having tried them for lunch on bank holiday Monday we both agreed that we would not go for lunch again.  
first, I want to report that the dishes served by the friendly and helpful staff were very tasty but no more than that. as part of a romantic weekend with my wife, I expected a lot more. impossible to get snacks with the aperitif. no extensive menu but only 3 courses possible. no adapted wine possible (you can't drink 3 bottles with 2). this is not what people expect from a 2 star michelin restaurant. Even more, I can immediately deliver the Michelin inspectors 10 addresses in Belgium that have no or 1 star and that in comparison should immediately have 3 stars. 
Had lunch at Dinner. Very well-prepared and plated food. Mushroom broth, lamb and cucumber, chocolate tart as set meal was well worth it. Exquisitely plated and full of balanced flavors and textures. Big minus is the wine and wine service. Ordered a glass of Bourgogne from Montille 2016 GBP 14.50 and a glass of Roblet-Monnet Volnay Santenots 1er 2010 costing GBP 29. Sommelier was going to pour wine into standard white wine sized glasses. Stopped him and asked for Burg glassware. Kindly obliged but poured quite obviously less than 125ml. Next, the Roblet tasted like stewed prunes and had a short finish. I admit I haven’t had Roblet before but this was a big disappointment for a Burg lover like me. Come on, for a MICHELIN-starred Restaurant to have substandard wine service is no excuse. 
This is the oldest pub on Kensington High St as its conveniently opposite the entrance to Kensington Palace & park it is rather touristy but still good for a good selection of beer and normal pub bar food.  
Visited for dinner with my family on our first night in London. I'm in London fairly frequently but typically not in this area.  
We went as a party of 4 on Wednesday. I had the Tre Gusti pizza with pepperoni, seasoned chicken & pancetta topping. Sadly the chicken was just chunks of tasteless dried chicken and I couldn't spot any pancetta. Another guest had carbonara and found the sauce very thin.  
This restaurant is based in the shopping area close to the Hilton and Wembley stadium, on the first floor with some window seats getting a good view. It is bright and airy, seating having enough space and a comfortable environment. Service was pleasant. It was not busy when we were there. The food came quite quickly and looked good but failed to tick the boxes. The Carbonara sauce was clearly bulk produced with little egg in it. It was not one I would have served to a guest, it was quite bland and thin. A bit like serving fine wine from a plastic bottle, just wrong. It defines chain food. OK but not good.  
The service was brilliant and was the food. The hotel is magnificent but the room is like the breakfast room of a chain hotel. There was no sense of occasion 
I popped in for breakfast because I saw they had Eggs Benedict on the menu, which is my favourite. What I received was actually poached eggs on a muffin with (a rather vinegary) hollandaise sauce, a slice of fairly crispy back bacon on the side and a side salad ... sadly it was cold! I was hungry and I ate the meal, I just wish it had been a bit better, sorry! 
The goat is a great pub particularly if like us you have visited the Albert Hall. There is a great range of beers and wines which despite the location are fairly priced. The facilities though were disgusting, with flooded urinals and detritus on the floor. Shame. 
We called in here for a quick bite before a gig at the Royal Albert Hall. Staff were polite and cheery. My dirty burger and chips was of a generous portion and a good taste. Whilst my wife's Steak and Ale pie was tasty, the quantity of meat, vegetables and chips were very modest. Food took around 25 minutes to arrive. 
Found the place after abandoning half a pint at the Queens Arms that was a soulless waste of space. No reason at all to return, but at least it was pleasant enough to pass an hour in 
On a recent trip to the RAH my wife and I stopped in the Old Goat for a drink and some pub grub. My wife ordered the Barrito which was fantastic I unfortunately ordered the Cod gougion bloomer when this turned up it was a fish finger sandwich. When I asked the manager about it she said well yes it's a sandwich but it came from a bloomer and offered me a free bowl of chips . Great service I think not . Shame very nice pub  
Located very close to Wembley staduim is this pizza and Italian restaurant. Pizza not very tasty and not very good at all. Did enjoy our visit here. Will not return.  
We have eaten here twice as it is convenient for the RAH. The food has been ok, standard pub fare but the pies are above average. Always busy so good idea to book & could do with a better range of ciders 
The pub and staff are great. Wine good. New beer and prices are absurd. £5.70 for Camden Hells. Outrageous! 
I like this place, and the staff is friendly and helpful. But the food is mediocre. The fish is greasy, the sausage not great, the burgers a bit dry. Nothing is really bad, but nothing is really good, either. Still, an acceptable place for a pint and a quick bite, if your expectations are not too high. 
Very difficult to believe that this place has 2 stars. The room is similar to a Sheraton Hotel breakfast room, and no tablecloths! Found the staff overly familiar and chatty. Very limited menu and very expensive in the evening. Hinds Head has similar food at a fraction of the price. 
The pate with mandarin-jelly coating looking like a mandarin fruit was nice. Turbot was such a small portion that the whole table was surprised at the small serving. Also the only time the staff did not notice we had a question. I would have left the restaurant hungry after spending 100 pounds on food if the others at the table did not have left-over steak. 
Sometimes you can tell by the menu. This menu said average offerings for folks who don't know much about Italian food or dont care beyond pizza or spaghetti. So stick with those things. The spaghetti was good on a cold night, warming but tasted as though the sauce came from a jar. The pizzas were impressive mainly because of their size. 
Went here for something to eat before a gig at Wembley Arena. It was really busy but we were seated quickly and the service was okay - had to chase after our waitress to ask for condiments and my glass was dirty, so had to request another. Food was okay if a tad bland and the house red was rather thin. That aside the meal was reasonable value for money and it’s really convenient to the arena.  
Presentation and service: both 10/10, but the flavours and main course options were underwhelming (and overly expensive, particularly the ones that are essentially, steak and chips - with the Bone in Rib of Hereford Prime, WAY too fatty).  
Visited Prezzo before going to watch a movie. Asked upon arrival whether the taste card was accepted. I wanted to double check as it was a Friday. It was quite hard to get attention from the waiters. The food was absolutely delicious! I would have rated the whole experience a 4 if we hadn’t experienced trouble to grab the waiters attention!  
I was recently in Kensington waiting for my wife, spotted The Goat pub and popped in. 
Came on a Wednesday evening with my wife. Although they had enough staff they all seem really busy. The food did not taste exceptional, but my wife did enjoy the vegetable that came with the Sea Bass. I ordered the Pork Belly and as can been seen from the pictures the sauteed mushrooms were forgotten and there was not enough sauce so the dish did become dry. A dish I would recommend is their chips with cheese. They were really good and the cheese made it very moreish.It just reinforced my thought that the staff were too busy to see the detail. 
Usual high quality of food and service and in view of how busy it was, very fast too but disappointing that they would not accept the Gourmet Society card 
Called in for a late lunch. No problem getting a table. We weren't used to ordering at the bar and paying before we ate but that wasn't a problem. We ordered Olives for starters but the waiter wasn't sure what we wanted and asked how we wanted them served, I asked what were the choices but he looked at the menu and said 'oh a starter' and got we then a huge bowl of mixed Olives marinated in oil and garlic. These were delicious. Because we didn't eat them all the waiter didn't put in our order as he thought we weren't finished,for what seemed like ages but when he did the food arrived promptly. Food was served hot and in adequate proportions. It wasn't particularly exciting but it was as we ordered. We'd a burger with fries and onion rings and hunters chicken. Wait staff were very friendly. Bill came to approx £30. This included one Coke.  
The restaurant was not even half full but the service was really slow. My calamari starter was dry and very heavy on the batter. I ordered a vegetarian pasta which looked lovely but again was dry, there was supposed to be a butter and mint sauce that was missing. I didn't bother with dessert as I didn't want to be disappointed further.  
Ate here for lunch. 2 adults and 1 child.  
4 of us visited on a Sunday for an early dinner before the X Factor final. We all decided on the 2 courses with a glass of prosecco. I was the only person having a starter which came promptly, however the waitress the brought all 4 main courses whilst I was still eating my starter, not good. I asked the staff to take them away until I had finished eating. Whilst I understand that the restaurant was busy I think that it's not acceptable to rush diners and was quite disappointed with this attitude. Shame because we always enjoy the food at Prezzo. 
Customer service is very poor no enugft staff. Should have a clothes wipers not a napkin. Also the staff should be a smart dress up not like local people. For expensive restaurants like this.  
We went here to celebrate a family engagement, a couple of our party had been here before and enjoyed the food. 
Well this is my second time visiting a Prezzo but at a different location. The customer service is still very poor but the food is good. Congrats to the chef, the waiting staff have poor English and lack basic manners. My meal came without the ham, I politely asked if there was supposed to be ham, the rude waitress returned and plonked a plate of ham on the table no apology. My friend asked for a glass of tap water and had to ask again because it never appeared, it was not busy is was in the afternoon. To add insult to injury we paid by cash and had to ask for our change, how dear you assume we were going to tip for poor service. When I asked for my change the waitress was petty and gave me in small coins, no problem with that it's my hard earned money to spend as I choose not on rewarding poor service and bad attitudes. Go to Prezzo for good food but don't expect the staff to provide good customer service. 
We walked to this pub from the hotel. It is part of a chain. We had to go to the bar to order. Food was just OK. It seemed like a locals bar. 
Crowded when we visited but it was dinner hour. Pretty good food. Staff was fun to interact with and we would Go again. 
the food was very disappointing, much better in the area and the price is drastically overpriced. staff are okay, but this is not somewhere I would take anyone who liked really nice Chinese food. 
Odd title I know but I'm conflicted. There was no real pizzazz with this place, it's completely run of the mill, although with decent decor. 
We had previously enjoyd a lovely meal here,a couple of years ago at very good value. So, we included this in our itinerary. This time the food was not as good, still acceptable though. 
Great Pub right at the heart of Kensington High Street, provides advertisement as the "Best fish & Chips in Town". We went to the pub on a Saturday night for a couple of drinks and to have a taste of the dish. Not to our surprise it was very nicely made dish with large piece of fish, with decorated chips and peas. The dish was lovely, but is not the best dish i had in London. Definitely not. But is worth trying out. 
it was okay but we'd been warned to not do pub food. Were told to do take away but we enjoyed it and got our fix!  
So Prezzo is a chain. We've been to a few, but they all seem to suffer the same issue. Really slow service.  
Having dined at the Beijing in Addlestone a number of times I have never quite had the same experience. Over time the décor has become dated and questionable, especially with Chelsea shirts hanging from the wall. They certainly don't add to the authentic Chinese dining experience. The food is usually great but my last visit wasn't the best when I bit into a Spring roll to find a broken tooth pick inside. This has never happened before though so understand mistakes can happen. I think it just needs a revamp as the décor isn't Chinese at all but the food is fine. 
We called for a couple of drinks on consecutive evenings on holiday in London. Friendly staff and reasonable selection of beers. The place has the feel of a locals bar, which is nice in a Touristy location. 
I recently ate here with my girlfriend and her mother, who both spoke highly of this restaurant. As a lover of Chinese cuisine, I was delighted to see such string reviews on here, but overall I wasn't too impressed. 
Obviously got there just at the right time as there was a queue at the door when we left. Food was good but not brilliant. Seemed to be a lack of front of house staff as tables were waiting to be served - kitchen was ready with the food but not enough waiting staff. It was ok and really just what we wanted - a relatively simple meal to keep us going. 
A very old character pub on Kensington High St.and convenient for Royal Albert Hall.. We called in for a meal on our way back from a Show at the Royal Albert Hall. We have been here once before and enjoyed our meal, but unfortunately on this visit the food was not quality and the meal was very small so it was disappointing. Cod in batter and chips cost £11.99, which was overpriced considering it was a small meal and the fish batter was too dry/crispy and there weren't many chips. The character of he pub has been preserved and it has an olde world charm, and is situated opposite Kensington gardens. Staff were varied and busy, and our service was average - but there were some friendly and smiling faces to some of the staff members, who made an effort. . A very busy pub with atmosphere. Contrary to their advertising outside the pub, their fish and chips are far from the best and the fish in batter needs to be cooked fresh. Meal quality and pricing are issues. 
As always the food here is excellent, but don't come looking for a cheap eat - it's pricey.  
We stopped here on our way home from the office around 9 p.m. Service was very good. Two individuals had pizzas which they enjoyed. I had Pollo Carbonara baked pasta which I enjoyed. There is a wide variety of mainly Italian items on the menu. Portions were large. 
This is a Taylor Walker pub, a chain I'm not familiar with. It didn't feel very like a chain pub apart from the menu, which was actually pretty good. We were struggling to find a pub that did light menu options rather than full dinners in the evening, so this was ideal. The pub itself was pleasant and the staff were all very good. I had a cod goujon wrap with salad, and The Ginger had a chicken and bacon sandwich. Both were good, and the cod goujons were really hot. 
Friendly staff very attentive, a good selection of ales and good location in Kensington, near shops, restaurants and the tube. 
its a chain so the food is standard, the service was good and it a good place for lunch and large groups 
We booked for two for a pre gig meal, arrived before 6 well on time, got seated all ok. Ordered two beers straight away, quite fortunately looking at other reviews. We were planning to have wine later on but two waiters tried to take the wine glasses away when beers arrived. Wine took a while to arrive once we'd ordered.  
Came here to eat after an event at the arena. There was 2 of us with 3 more to arrive. We wanted a tea and garlic bread whilst we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. Eyes were rolled. Drinks plonked down and generally staff were surly. Shame as food was nice.  
I am a regular to this pub and have reviewed it before. clearly their 'Ultimate Fish and chips' is selling well as they now have it on a poster-board in the doorway. It's not cheap but this is Kensington. Same problem with naff beers on draught though. 
I was on a Beyond Band of Brothers Battle of Britain tour and we stopped here twice for dinner. Both times service was relatively slow. The first time everyone was given a pasta dish that was quite average. However, the 2nd dinner we were able to choose our meal and the pizza I ordered was very good. 
Prawns were average 
Chose to eat at Prezzo rather than the other Italian restaurant and while we had an ok experience it was nothing special. 
Beautiful English pub/restaurant/tea room in High street Kensington, belonging to Taylor Walker franchising. We had a good dinner here, tasting English traditional food, fish and chips (good and easy digestible) and a pie with chicken and bacon (wow!!!). Beer also was good, but not the dessert, a chocolate cheese cake, too sweet. Staff is very kind, only at the end of dinner we understood many of them were italian like us. Prices aren’t cheap but in the London average: we spent 35 pound. Recommended. 
I have reviewed this pub before and have eaten here on many occasions. The food is reasonably priced for Kensington and well-presented. The 'ultimate fish & chips' is especially popular with mushy peas and pots of curry and tartare sauce as well as bread & butter. The pub itself is quaint and homely and the tv is a useful distraction while the rugby world cup is on. Staff are usually on the ball although there always seems to be someone new behind the bar. My only gripe with this pub is the poor selection of beers. I tried one called 'Bread of Heaven' from the Brains brewery which was ok, but if this pub sold Pedigree beer and Strongbow cider I would never need to go elsewhere, nor my friends. I am sure some of the beers they sell go untouched from one day to the next. 
I used to go here but I always suffered with a congestion afterwards as they use too much gluten in the food. 
Really nice food and friendly staff but service was very slow,15minutes to take out order,30minute wait for starters followed by a 45minute wait for mains. 
Very lovely meal in a lovely environment - it was warm which is a blessing at this time of year, serenely lit with lovely candles on each table. 
Stopped by for lunch. Ordered fish and chips plus tomato soup. Took over 45 minutes for food to arrive. Food was good and hot but my goodness it was a long long wait. Would go back but only to drink beer.  
I usually like the menu and the food in this better than average food franchise, but I was a bit disappointed with the overall quality of the cooking, that in my opinion was a bit below the standards I have trying on other restaurants of the same brand. We were in a hurry, so potentially that was the reason.  
Me and my partner visited this particular Prezzo on one occasion. We were liking the decor as it was very different from all the other Prezzo's. The restaurant was spacious and had very comfortable seating. When we visited, the venue was very quiet, however the staff were quick on their feet and promptly served us our meals. 
You pick on of those places to go out with your mrs on Saturday evening and what you get? Well, you get a restaurant full of people, some of them really drunk and...loud. They are satting you in the place where everyone is hitting your chair while passing your table and don't even say  
Our food was served quickly and was very good and very fair value. 
Quickly served pub food, reasonable kids menu. Served quickly and warm. Recommended beer for my dish went well. Nice table by the window to watch buses and taxis! 
Was okay. Service was good but it has no atmosphere. It has been renovated since the last time I was here and I think has lost all the character it had. Now it's just another Taylor walker pub. 
We attended the Sunday buffet, food wasn't great we did get the feeling that it had sat around for a bit. It just didn't have the appearance or taste of freshly cooked about it. Huge restaurant, can get noisy due to the acoustics of the building. 
When the Bejing first opened in Addlestone, the food and service were fantastic. 
As far as fish and chips go, their ultimate fish and chips is decent enough. The fish was nicely battered and the fish was moist and not at all greasy. 
We go many prezzo and this was the worst one we have been, we had two pastas to share me and my wife, a ham and pineapple pizza and the kids had a pepperoni pizza and a carbonara , all the pasta had clearly been microwaved, was hot in parts but not for long and cold in others, the staff was rude and very slow for us to sort the bill, was waiting 20 mins, was a very disappointing visit and food just not nice and fresh, we love prezzo but this was worst we had, nice view of stadium though 
We went here before attending the X Factor semi-final. We weren't sure if there were any events on at the stadium or arena, so wanted to get there as early as we could to get a table straight away and to be out as soon as possible. 
Pleasant staff, good service, clean. Usual Taylor Walker menu but cooked and presented well. I find the back of the pub a bit drab but the front quite cosy. Popular with tourists. Plenty of tables 
Visited this restaurant with my fiancée on a Thursday afternoon, we were seated in a nice spot, ordered calamari and garlic bread as started and we received deep fried mozzarella instead, my fiancée did not want to complain and instead she wanted to try it as it looked nice, unfortunately the salsa that comes with was tasteless, but I have to say that my calamari was not bad and the dip was delicious, for mains we had salmon pasta which was OK and a huge lasagne which was too heavy in my fiancée's opinion, as a dessert we had chocolate hazelnut cheese cake which was delicious that I thought I should get another one but because of the waiting time between the starters and the mains we decided to ask for the bill. 
I have visited the Goat several times and was in there again last weekend. It has such a homely feel, especially during the winter months. I ordered fish & chips with mushy peas which was lovely, as was the table wine. My only complaint was that three of the four beer taps were turned around leaving London Pride as your only option, unless of course you wanted lager or Guinness. As long as that doesn't become a habit I shall remain a regular customer. 
Advertised as the oldest pub in Kensington, nice for a pint. Food was traditional British, not much in the fresh department.  
All the usual Chinese dishes available and very well cooked indeed. Good service. Prices a little high for the area.  
Went with friends prior to theatre visit. The pub was busy and cosy. Service was good both for drinks and food. However the traditional fish and chips were disappointing, not very good Gish, however the scampi were fine 
Went to Prezzo as my friends and I were attending a concert at Wembley Arena. Excellently located near the arena. The restaurant decor is modern and clean.  
visiting the goat the first thing you notice is the itialian bar manager who is so friendly you will feel like walking into the bar of cheers and feel like a local,food is ok if you like pub grub and thats fine if your looking for fine dining forget it,thats not to say the food is bad because its not.toilets could do with a big clean and paint job as its not that clean to say the least.closes at 10.30 on sunday and monday so be warned 
The Goat (or Goat Tavern) in Kensington London was an old fashioned and well established pub, typical London. The new owners have extensively 'made over' the bar areas to a modern chic place with an italian feel. We visited in August for what appeared to be the first night. There was unfortunately the smell of new paint and light fittings not working so this may have clouded my opinion of what was an old favourite. Pity the work had not extended to the washrooms as they had not really been touched. Would have been 'very good' if all work finished so suggest giving the place a try. Basic menu but reasonable value for London. Staff were very good, polite and eager to please. Worth a visit but does not rate as high as the old Goat. Rated between 3 and 4 overall assessment 
Quaint pub but didn't realize it was the Taylor Walker chain until we stopped at another interesting pub with same menu. Good location for a beer as it's across the street from Kensington Palace and Gardens. Had ham and cheese toasties which was ok, not memorable. Interior was pleasant and check out my photo, I think you can read the date the pub was established. 
My friends and I went to London recently on a bit of a foodie weekend; we dined at Hakkasan, Leicester Square Kitchen and Dinner by Heston. I was most excited to try Heston's due to its obvious reputation for being one of the best restaurants in London. I had the meat fruit to start, the fillet steak for main and then British cheese for dessert. I was surprised that no pre-starter appetisers are offered, you basically get your three courses that you've ordered (plus a small chocolate tart each just before you leave).  
I’ve always been a fan of Heston so when the first opportunity to celebrate came around we chose Dinner by Heston. We went for the five course tasting menu with the wine pairing. 
If you want a really taste and feel of English Pubs in London this is one. The food is good and very large portions. You are in the High Kensington area stop by and have a drink 
Decent selection of well kept real ales in a kind of traditional English pub atmosphere. A not unpleasant experience and would come again for the drinks. 
As always I’ll keep my review brief. We were staying at the Mandarin Oriental and pre-booked a table at Dinner. 
Visited on 1 April. Booked a table on line and warmly welcomed by the bar man. We were shown to our table and ordered our food. It took an age to arrive and by the time it did my chips were stone cold and my sandwich bread had gone stale. The staff, who were ridiculously overworked, got me fresh chips. I was so hungry, I ate my sandwich, stale though the bread had become. 
Maybe I was unlucky, but when asked for what I'd like I had a struggle to be understood as many of the staff are non-English speakers. An Archers and lemonade sound nothing like an orange juice! There weren't many customers at that time and it wasn't noisy. The pint glass of 6X beer was a little shy of a full pint but I gave up trying to explain this and sat down. Didn't stay for a second drink.  
Great location - right opposite the Kensington Palace - run by a family. Great beer and light bites with a buzz. 
Food was good but service, value and experience woefully undeserving of Blumenthal reputation. Basically an upmarket hotel restaurant with far too many guests to provide the necessary attention to detail and quality. We were seated next to a loud table of foul-mouthed show-offs whose waiter seemed to be encouraging them to expound on recommendations for "dirty" places to visit (waiter: "I'm from Newcastle, I love dirty"). We enjoyed the creative menu and the related history book. Didn't enjoy asking for the bill three times over a period of 25 minutes. 
We stopped by at the Wembley LDO Prezzo prior to attending Bon Jovi at the Stadium. It was busy and we served quickly and efficiently.  
Bellissimo is a nice restaurant, slightly oddly laid out, but especially lovely in the summer when you can sit outside for lunch in the sun. The food is good, sometimes a little under-par. The aubergine parmigiana was huge for a starter and the flavour was strangled by the cheese. I have had the pizza and its good. And oddly the full English breakfast here is great. If you are looking for a haute cuisine take on Italian this is not the place for you, but if you just want some hearty pasta and pizza its pretty good. 
The title will tell you this is a mixed review. Hubby had the Vesuvio pizza and declared it excellent. I had the lasagne with rocket & cheese salad: the salad arrived with plenty of oil, but no vinegar and no parmesan. When I pointed this out to the manager he gave me some balsamic vinegar and grated some parmesan. However, when I started the lasagne, there was plenty of cheese sauce on top, but not much meat sauce. I peeled back the four layers of pasta and there was just what looked like a 'brushing' of meat coloured jelly with a few bits of mince in, as though someone with a pastry brush had just wiped the surfaces before layering them. It was awful. Moral of the story: choose the pizza. 
I'm a huge fan of celebrity chefs and just had to visit Dinner By Heston during a recent visit to London. 
The food was very average, and I was disappointed at their selection of ciders. Only a couple on the tap, and run-of-the-mill Swedish ciders in bottles. Another Taylor Walker-pub I didn't like. 
Loved the atmosphere...didn't like that the menu resembled a "chain" menu. Had the exact same menu at the Anchor. 
Came here for a family lunch, overall consensus was the food was good, we had steak and ale pies and a codfather which was requested to be served with salad instead of peas and this was no problem. the service whilst very friendly and helpful was also too intrusive, please dont lean over diners and take plates when they havent finished eating, its rude and uncomfortable. And let us finish putting our coats on before you start reaching around us to clear the glasses. Also would be good to try the wine first instead of just filling everyones glass up. oh and the plates were cold. but apart from that it was good! 
Oh dear what has happened to the Beijing? We have been eating food from this restaurant for years and have never complained but enjoyed every morsel. Tonight we had a takeaway and couldn’t eat the spring rolls or salt and pepper prawns . They were too dry and burnt. The prawn curry wasn’t a prawn curry. So so disappointed. I have phoned to complain and they have very kindly refunded us for the three inedible dishes but I’m not sure if I will ever order another takeaway. So disappointed  
Pleasant staff. Good service. Such a shame that the meal was at best luke warm. Won't be coming again.  
We were so looking forward to eating here but were left so disappointed by the experience. The food and service were good but nothing was exceptional given the price. The restaurant lacked atmosphere and didn't feel special. I wouldn't recommend dining here again. 
This is good traditional english pub. Very good variety of real ales. will come back to visit this area as it is one of the best areas in london 
We are regulars at Bar Boulud, also in the Mandarin Oriental, and far prefer that to Dinner. We were expecting something remarkable, given the reputation of Mr Blumenthal, and were surprised by how ordinary it all was. If this had been a sophisticated gastro pub at half the price it might have been acceptable but with main courses at around £50, the dishes were nowhere near the quality we expected. The Meat Fruit and Salamagundy starters were enjoyable but the former was in essence a high quality liver pate while the Salamagundy was an interesting combination of salsify and smoked chicken. Perfectly fine but certainly no "wow" factor. The main disappointments were the main courses, lamb for me and ribeye for my wife. Again, all very nice but at £48 for a dish comprising largely three pieces of lamb saddle with a roast cucumber I did not think it was good enough. Worse, the lamb was only warm, not hot and the plate likewise. The management offered to heat it up but i was reluctant to break the flow of the meal. The ribeye was nothing special and it was difficult to understand the pricing. Probably the highlight was the Tipsy Cake with roast pineapple-a very good combination of brioche bread infused in rum with a delicious sweet pineapple to complement it.  
The oldest pub in London! Awesome but don't rely on that accolade alone to sell your business.  
Average Bb rooms could do with renovating ( black scuff marks ) slightly run down feel! Breakfast continental style cereal, juice , coffee,toaster, ham,cheese,muffins.whats really lacking is car parking only a few on street spaces(after 6-30)ended up parking 10 min walk away not fun dragging case etc!  
We went to the Old Etonian for dinner during a weekday. The food was good and plentiful. However, the service left a lot to be desired. We did not receive a menu for 20 minutes and we had to walk up to the front to ask for the bill. This experience tainted what was a nice meal.  
A large group of us showed up late one evening...starving. After 20 min sitting at the table we figured out we had to order up at the bar. Ordering drinks and full dinners was hard to do with the crowd. But the food was good...had the chicken and mushroom pie. 
The service is good and the food is well worth the money but the tables are packed so tightly together that in my opinion they are too close, One of our party had to be small to be able to sit on the chair as there was a column behind this chair and the table up close so that when you are in you are in, not at all comfortable. The table behind me had their chairs tight in and we were still closer than either of us wanted to be. 
Food was tasty enough and could not complain about the price especially as they had 3 course set menu available on a Saturday night. 
Consistent food since 1986 when I first went as a teenager for about 10 years . Well ok. It's been about 20 years since I last visited as well but little has changed. This is a problem. The food is average and nothing wrong with it but just dated. The decor is 1970s and the table and chairs older. Perhaps it is the charm. Recommend for older couples but certainly not for the young romantic or young family. The staff were polite but we had to ask for the basics lime pepper or sauce. I guess it's not slick like newer restaurants. Having said that there is nothing wrong about it. It is just a restaurant like they used to be in he 1980s  
The fish and chips here are very average and the hamburger was questionable as to what it was. We do not recommend. 
We were looking forward to this as a pre-Christmas meal and were prepared to pay a substantial bill, in the event the meal cost around twice that and certainly did not represent value. We started with a pretty average champagne for £25 per glass then selected from the historic list of starters. These were generally ok but not as special as we had hoped. The main courses were similarly unremarkable so we decided to forego the expensive desserts in favour of the ice cream. At least the preparation of it had some degree of theatre with it. Overall we were very disappointed. 
Visited in March and had a wonderful experience. Loved it so much that I booked another visit with my wife last week. However this time the meal was not as good. The starters were great but the main course of steak was very disappointing. Although the biggest disappointment was the chips. Last time the chips were to die for absolutely fantastic. This time they just like frozen fries. My wife had ordered a side of them as I’d raves about them so much. We did mention this and was told the potato’s were out of season and another waiter said there had been supplier issues. They did agree there had been other diners complaining and they took the side of chips off the bill. I just wish they’d said at the time of ordering. The pork my wife had and the peas pudding was lovely as well. 
We had tried many times to book and were looking forward to eating in Heston Blumenthal's restaurant. We enjoy our food, our waistlines clearly demonstrates this, we have eaten in many Michelin Star restaurants and accordingly had great expectations.  
I'd been to this restaurant last year and had such a lovely time, when it came to choosing a place for a first date, I thought it would be perfect. However, I think that it has changed hands since my last visit (either that or it was just a change of staff). I have to say it was a bit of a let down. The waiter, whilst not directly rude, seemed put out to have us there and kept leaning across the table, and our dinners, to take side plates, etc., away. The food was ok and not expensive (£60 for two courses each and wine so actually very reasonable). There wasn't much of an atmosphere (but it was a windy, rainy Wednesday night). They have such a lovely place with a gorgeous terrace and views, I will go back again (perhaps with another date!!!) and give them another try but... it will be their last chance! 
The décor is cold, but our table was quiet which is the most important for us. The service was great. friendly and attentive. The food was a disappointment compared to last time. I had the Salamagundy and my wife the Tea cured salmon. The sauce of my Salamagundy was too sour which ruined my dish. Then we had the Squab Pigeon and the cod in cider. My squab was cooked perfectly and I loved it, except for the sauce that didn't taste good for me, the cod that my wife had was bland. For the dessert I chose the glorified (By all the TA reviewers) Tipsy Cake. I found it a lot too sweet, and tasteless. Not the dessert that I would crave for, by far. So, a disappointment. We feel the professionalism in this restaurant, but, not our taste. 
Food was well cooked, fresh and tasted good. We chose from the daily menu which offers huge choice and is great value. Also a good selection of vegetables are included with main dishes. House red was lovely. Although the restaurant had a relaxed feel, the Maitre'd lacked charm and presence, and the decor is tired. For a more sophisticated dining experience try Incanto down the road. 
Went for Sunday lunch with my family. Starter was lovely but main was awful. I had calves' liver which was red not pink and was very stringy. I gave up trying to eat it in the end. The service was good and it was lovely sitting on the terrace. Was also overcharged and the optional service charge was automatically added to our bill.  
Pleasant atmosphere with a daily menu offering a good choice. That said I didn't particularly enjoy my meal in terms of flavour and presentation. Service was good 
We ate here on a Friday evening just before 8pm. Initial welcome by a Manager was good. Restaurant is nicely presented. Food was decent. Experience let down by service. Our initial order taken by someone who didn’t write it down. When it came it wasn’t right. We had to flag down the waitress to ask for next course menu and then again for more drinks. Staff were either organising cutlery at the desk in middle of the restaurant or gathered up at side. With so much customer choice in the Wembley area, I think they need to stay focused to the end of the shift.  
Average Lockdown takeaway. The food was ok. Not great just ok. Portions were tightly controlled and no option to swap rice / chips / salad. 5/10.  
Went there for lunch after travelling. The food was simple and good and hit the spot! The service was nice and fast.  
We visited for lunch and I guess the real problem is the reputation that the restaurant has. The food was generally fine with some very tasty elements although my wife’s risotto was on the undercooked side. 
We made a reservation at the chefs table for a special occasion with my husband’s family and friends.  
the atmosphere was lovely however check your bill before paying. after a lovely evening, we had to spend 15 min persuading a very stubborn Waitrose that we did not have what she claimed to serve us (not even a sorry after she saw her mistake...). Whatever recommendation we asked for, she immediately put on the bill and was unpleasant after although even things we never ordered did not come through 
I have nothing overly negative to write about this place but we were expecting a least a little bit of a wow factor or something different. 
The staff are clearly overworked here - after 20 minutes we had to ask to order, it was then difficult to get anyone's attention for any drinks. The food was good and all came quickly, no issues with the order. 
We chose to eat at this restaurant as it is close to our hotel and it seems busy most of the evenings.  
am almost empty restaurant on a Saturday night was not a good sign. The starter was overcooked. The steak was really good, the veg average and the salad was dreadful. The maître de was not very welcoming and he managed to pour wine over the table. Desserts had been left on the trolley , and apart from being very boring looked ready for the dustbin. The price was very expensive for two courses.. £100 which included a bottle of wine that really didn't merit the price of 26 pounds. was so disappointed 
We have been quite regular patrons of this restaurant over the last ten years and so chose it(over other local restaurants) to celebrate with our family for my husband's birthday on Sunday lunchtime January 12th. The experience was totally shambolic. Firstly having ordered red wine white wine was brought; this was easily sorted out but no apologies from the waitress who just looked as if she disputed what had been said--a total lack of grace! the starters were brought wrongly to our table of nine people 4 times --again no apology --just a confused look. The main courses were brought 5 times before we eventually got a complete set of nine main courses. I would point out that our meal was booked for 1pm and we eventually got our main courses at at around 2 25 pm.No apologies were forthcoming.My husband complained at the time about my roast beef which was ordered for medium to well done but most of it was rare! At the settlement of the final bill with the harassed deputy manager (who was obviously under great stress to run the restaurant with inept staff and we felt very sorry for him in the circumstances which he found himself) a fair amount was taken off the bill in the light of our justified complaints. 
Second visit in last couple of months. The food here is fantastic - the wait and service not so good. Very busy but don't accept booking for less than 10. When sat at table, Waiter informed us that would not take order yet as was backlog in the kitchen - perhaps another chef would help?! Sangria a little weak but great food - skewer kebabs, potatoes, mushrooms and all came out together. Desserts lovely too.  
Stopped in 6pm on a Friday and was only guest for most of the meal. Nice setting, decent music and very clean. Service was very attentive. I was seated immediately and attended to quickly at all times during the meal.  
Visited last night and the food was good but the set menu is not clear as today special is pinned to the set menu and we ordered from one starter from today special and the rest from set menu. 
We went there as a group for a Valentine's meal. The menu was fixed with three choices per dish. The selection of dishes was good with some limitations, as we arrived late. The menu was pricey at over £25 per head. I had French onion soup for starters ( the last available). The soup was good, if a little sweet, but I put that down to personal taste. Main course was the lamb steak, which was perfectly cooked. The cut even contained a bit of marrow - an additional bonus. Dessert was creme brûlée (one of the last left). This was not brilliant, as it had come straight out of the fridge, so the crust was good, but it was too cold. Normally, this has to be served at room temperature. House red was very good for a house wine. All in all, a good experience with some flaws to look out for. 
I had lunch here recently with a friend. When we entered the restaurant (at about 1230) it was completely empty - no customers, no staff. When a member of staff did appear, he seemed surprised to have customers. There appeared to be no record of our reservation (not that this mattered, in an empty restaurant). 
Visited on Saturday after a lapse of over 20 years and it was amazing how little had changed. A huge menu plus a 2 or 3 course set menu which offered good value. We chose the 2 course at £16.95 but surprise surprise were charged for the 3 course. It was quickly corrected but you wonder why it happened ! 
Exceptional service and good comfort food. Very attentive wait staff and a decent hamburger after a long day of seeing the sights. 
Been going to las Fuentes Purley for a long time. Went with friends last week, the refurbishment has taken away all its old charm. The food has gone downhill and is now very expensive. Service was good. The place is even noisier than before and the toilets are filthy. Won’t be going back in a hurry  
There were 10 of us dining at this modern well designed quirky upbeat Spanish style restaurant.  
This is just across from where we stayed...we ate dinner there twice. We had the steak and the scampi and both were fine. The white wine was okay. The wait staff was great...friendly, prompt and helpful. We would eat there again. 
As a family, we have 14 birthday parties a year to attend so we get to choose a wide variety of places to celebrate the great day. The M Bar was a new venue and it has not been open very long.The party was good and they provided us with a special plate with 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate - nice touch. 
I’ve been going to this tapas restaurant for years, it goes up and down but this was my first visit since the refurb. The old restaurant was getting grubby with sticky floors and needed a good clean and freshen up but the new look doesn’t tie in with Spanish tapas and I actually thought a temporary set up. I don’t like the new look, pipes out of ceilings and chip board bar which is too small and cramped. We had drinks at the bar and asked for a table in about 30 mins but you can’t do that, you have to ask for a table when you’re ready to sit down? They then ran out of wine we were drinking when we sat down. Food was ok and tasted fresh, I do think it’s changed a bit, the mushrooms and prawns were definitely different. We had a nice time, but more due to company we were with, restaurant is noisy but it always was, I thought bill was cheaper than previously.  
Myself and a friend visited here for tea ahead of a concert at Twickenham Stadium.  
I had seen this new restaurant a number of times on leaving Twickenham station (it is directly opposite) and thought it worth a try. My wife and I came here for an evening out, and had a lovely time. The bar is well stocked and we enjoyed our pre-dinner cocktails. Wine on tap was a nice touch and well done with the meal. Food options are good if a little limited - we enjoyed some good steak, and overall the food and service was of a high standard. We felt the bill was perhaps a little high for Twickenham. We will go back but probably not as often as we would to other restaurants as a result. 
It's a convenient watering hole,directly outside the entrance to Twickenham railway station,but it's not really conducive to a pre or post rugby beer. It's more twee bistro than pub and they'd ran out of beer when we arrived shortly after full time. 
We love to treat ourselves and tend to try different Michelin star restaurants with my partner a few times a year. I was very excited when I was surprised by my partner about the booking at Dinner. The bar area and the service are excellent and as you would expect from a multi-michelin star restaurant. The ambiance, the decor and the atmosphere of the place is just dead. No effort has been made to create am environment that accompanies the food. The menu, apart from a couple of dishes was flat, boring and nothing to get excited about. Even though everything was cooked perfectly, the flavours and the variety of choice was highly disappointed. Would not recommend anyone to go, considering the total cost of the dinner. Much, much better restaurants with more exciting options and experience available in London. 
We visited for dinner and had to wait decent time despite of an advance booking which is fine but was longer than I expected. We went with really high hopes after Heston week at Masterchef. 
This has always been a very popular Purley venue and booking was usually necessary. The recent refurbishment has left it rather worse off in terms of decor and atmosphere. They’ve gone for the exposed ceiling and heating ducts look and opened up the space by removing walls and changing where the bar is. The attempts to retain a little of the old Spanish theme is hampered by pink guitars and guitars with Laurel and Hardy on them. The tapas is London prices at 6-8 pounds per dish until you realise that they are not really tapas as I understand it. Each of the dishes I ordered, meatballs, chicken and mozzarella, baked eggs and chorizo, were all main course size . The special artichoke and peppers dish was swimming in oils and all the ones I had, had a great deal of the same tomato sauce giving them a fairly similar flavour. There was a distinct lack of garlic or chilli in any of them. The cheese is a great selection but enough for two or three. They did at least offer a very efficient service and were very friendly. We ended up taking some of ours home. Value for money is good but I prefer the old place which felt cosy, noisy and well, Spanish 
We have been here numerous times but this was the first visit back since the refurb...….. first impression nice refurb although not finished. It was very cold in restaurant. 
This is a restaurant we frequent 2/3 times a year, good place to take clients. After the dramatic refurb we thought we'd check it out, we turned up on spec. They no longer offer an a la carte menu, but check out the blackboard for specials you can still get a steak, a fact our initial waiter failed to mention. The food was nice enough, given we visited on a Friday lunchtime it was surprising how many items weren't available. 5 of us had starters and mains and soft drinks for £175. With the large glass frontage and the exposed ceiling it's a cross between eating in a car showroom/ municipal car park, it was cold too. All said and done it wasn't terrible, just underwhelming.  
We decided to visit here as we could use the Meerkat meals code. We were quickly sat down and served our drinks. We ordered our food nice a quickly and pretty soon our starters arrived. £6.95 for 3 chicken tenders was a bit pricey when we saw what arrived. (See photo). Before we could finish our starter the main course arrived, I pointed out we hadn’t finished our starters, the waiter responded with sorry and still put the food on the table. In my eyes 2 courses means exactly that, not. It’s at the same time. I had a Bacon and Cheese burger, sadly this was very greasy, which was soaked up by the un-toasted bun, I pointed out how greasy the burger was and the waiter offered to take it back, I declined the offer as we had already begun to feel like we were being rushed. Bearing in mind this was 5.00 pm and the place wasn’t very busy it just left a sour taste in our mouths. We didn’t bother with dessert! Sorry Garfunkel’s, on this occasion you were a let down! 
Let's start with the good stuff, great steak and very nice waiting staff... however I'm not sure it's enough to ensure this place is a success.  
Food was ok but not spectacular, couldn’t really complain about it but was certainly overpriced for what it was. They have a captive audience so will attract plenty of custom. 
The food and service was just fine. The steak was an excellent piece of meat although the chips were nothing special but overall the prices are a little steep. i wasnt paying and in fairness there may well be a gap in the market for a smart business lunch place. Certainly given its location it will be booming on rugby days 
Traditional Spanish flavors, but it just gets too busy and noisy. Especially on Friday/ Saturday / Sunday. Space wise it's far from small, but they are just trying to put through as much traffic as possible, so the tables are very close to each other also seating so many people that the overall feeling is for being cramped and with people literally on top of you which unfortunately spoils the fantastic food they offer. And the food is actually excellent. they use genuine Spanish products where they can, the recipes are also great. The meat is fantastic and prepared to perfection. 
I want to open on a good note and that was the service which the staff were brilliant. Bouncers on the door make you question whether you should be there, rugby day so it was understandable. I had a rump which was really nice but the wife had medallions which was ordered as rare/blue and it came as well done. I was happy. 
Meh! We save trying new fabulous venues to celebrate big occassions. Today I chose to celebrate my birthday/anniversary at M Bar & Grill and, sadly, it was vanilla in the extreme. We were the only table for lunch service. Everything was fine but not great. For £75 a head I want great. I want enthusiasm and a personal touch. The food was good but cild, as was the service. 
This wonderful Tapas Bar has been closed for refurbishment most of 2018 so I’m a little confused how people have posted reviews. 
With the name Heston Blumenthal, I’m expecting much more from this restaurant. I thought it would be as great as fat duck, but unfortunately it’s slightly disappointing for a 2-star Restaurant. Not saying that the food is bad but it’s just not a wow (I can’t even use big wow, as it’s far from that).  
Visited here for lunch and had the chicken and rib combo which was poor,the chicken was a compressed flat piece of breast that almost looked it was made of reformed chicken and was overcooked and the ribs were ok . 
New to Twickenham, M is filling a much needed gap of an upmarket bistro in the area. While trying hard, it's overpriced menu didn't do it any favours. The staff's knowledge and eagerness managed to redeem the lack of efficiency from the kitchen and staff forgetting orders and taking too long with our drinks.  
There was 8 of us & to be honest M bar is competing against Gaucho & Cau it was a nice meal, but nothing to warrant the overpriced (£775 total).  
After hearing fantastic things about this place, I couldn't wait to try it. My friend and I went on a Sunday. I opted for the beef roast. The meat was chewey and fatty nothing special at all. My friend has their fillet steak which she said was just OK. The portions are small and it's expensive for what it is. Waiting staff were very friendly and efficient. Not sure I'll go back.  
I enjoyed the food but it was a bit overrated and the customer service overbearing and patronising at times. I felt they prejudiced that my husband and I were not accustomed to fine dining as they posed questions in a way that suggested this type of experience was beyond us and would be a once in a life time experience for us both. Very annoying.  
I have to start with a positive the service was very good and the staff professional however, the food while nice was just that, NICE!  
First time visit here for my husband and me. Following advice from the waiter we ordered 5 dishes, it was too much for a lunch. We ordered calamari to have as starter and it arrived last so other dishes were left to get cold while we ate this. The lamb kebabs tasted lovely but the meat was very gristly and I couldn't eat one of my three pieces, couldn't even cut it up. The kidneys arrived with chips, which we didn't want as we had a huge portion of potatoes bravas and there were far more mushrooms than kidneys, so very disappointing. The aubergine dish was mostly cheese and very chewy, not very nice at all. We had a glass of draught beer each and the meal came to £46. Poor value for money, we will not be going back. 
From the moment we stepped in the door something seemed amiss. Here in Garfunkel’s they were playing Beatles tunes. And something about the atmosphere-- they appeared to be going for some sort of cross between old British pub and modern chain restaurant. Indeed, there are a string of them across London, at least, and the place was filled with raucous soccer fans cheering for Britain in the World Cup. It made conversation very difficult, including communication with the waitress, and the packed house maybe might explain, if not excuse, the very slow service. It was convenient, right across the street from our hotel (Crowne Plaza Kensington, see my review), and the food was pretty good. 
Christams Day Dinner means we were grateful the restaurant was open, even if the bar wouldn't let us sit at a table "reserved for hotel guests". The table stayed empty while we were rudely forced to squeeze in across from a young couple.  
Basic menu. The menu was a mixture of American food and local flavor mixed in. We had drinks and a sweet something.  
Basically there is no service at this restaurant from hanging up your own coat to asking for a plate to eat off! 
Just back from Spain so our son suggested tapas here. Very underwhelming meal. Patatas bravas soggy, paella average. Prawns were good. Service was friendly but they were keen for us to pay and leave. Not cheap, but service was included, which saved the embarrassment of our leaving no tip. Don't bother with this place. Needless to say, we won't be going back. 
Food was average, prices are high but staff is nice. We were looking for a pizza because, frankly, English food is not our favorite. My companions had a chicken BBQ pizza that was just average - nothing interesting. I was trying to find a more affordable option but ended up ordering off the appetizer/side menus. Not impressed with food and disappointed with higher costs. This is sort of a chain restaurant I believe; saw at least one other in another location. 
What can I say about the restaurant, it's a Garfunkel's and you pretty much know what to expect and this branch is no different. However, when slightly hungover from a heavy Friday night and starting a journey home, this was a safe haven for a pair of soon-to-be travellers and the location was clean and tidy, we were greeted warmly and had a good breakfast - nothing exceptional, but decent fare and VfM - just what was required. However, the service was really good - friendly, charming and efficient so thank you to Agnieska for gently working us into the day and guiding us on our way! 
We stopped here for lunch on our way back to our hotel. Service was quite slow, but our waiter was all smiles and apologized. OK for a casual lunch but I wouldn't go for a family, sit down dinner. 
I have been a regular at Las Fuentes since it opened back in the 90's, food has always been good but restaurant have introduced a booking policy of only accepting reservations for ten or more.........mine was for four people. 
Service excellent, food excellent if predictable however you would expect the best dish’s to be on the set menu. 
We had the classic and the Garfunkels breakfast. It was all fine, sausages cooked nicely and quite tasty but the bacon was really crispy which I don’t particularly like. It was more like American bacon as it was streaky, very thin and cooked until quite brown and crisp. Also, there was no choice of bread for toast, it was wholemeal, which again is something I wouldn’t choose given the choice. This would put me off going again. Also, the booths are quite small so there is not much room. Staff were great though and service was quick and efficient 
I have been eating here for many years but my last few visits have been disappointing. 
So we went here as a family of 7 yesterday. I have been here a couple of times before and loved it.  
Dined here 3 times over the years, the food is usually decent, however it's become much more of a tourist type restaurant than a true 2 star Michelin. In my opinion it leverages a lot on Blumenthal's name and consequently standards have slipped.  
 My husband and I, along with our five year old, stopped here for breakfast one morning. We knew next to nothing about the chain, and picked it for it’s location, which was across the street from our hotel. The decor is set to resemble an American dinner. This excited me, as I thought I might have finally found a restaurant that my daughter would eat something from, ( she is horrible at trying new foods and will only eat something if it looks identical to what she eats at home). I ordered pancakes with fruit topping and a side of scrambled eggs to share with her. The pancakes were tasty but so dense and flat. As I’m used to fluffy American pancakes, my critique of the pancakes might not be fair. I did however, enjoy them and ate almost all of them. The eggs were decent, if a little watery. My main complaint was with the pot of tea. It had one tea bag in it. Now I know next to nothing about a good cup of tea, (American here), but it was the weakest tea I’ve ever had in my life. Overall, the food was decent but nothing special.  
I had high hopes for this restaurant, I thought it was going to be divine...I was disappointed. It was fine, the bar had more atmosphere than the restaurant. 
If you want a fun noisy Tapas bar for a good crowd of you then this is a fun place to be.  
This once heaving restaurant and bar seems to have lost its spark... 
Having been a regular at this restaurant for at least 25 years I have always enjoyed the consistency of the good food. But now the portions are smaller, food does not taste as good, ingredients seem to be of poorer quality. Cutting corners like this will bite you on the bum in the end Las Fuentes.  
Comfortable restaurant with choice of booths and chairs. Large menu ticking off everything Italian with a few extras. The best of today’s music plays background. 
We visited with some friends and have visited lots of times before so know it gets really busy, but the food was not up to par tonight, a few dishes were cold and some not tasty. Obviously an off night as normally not had a problem here. What was the annoying thing the bar staff allowed a guy to get so drunk they had to help him out of the restaurant as was falling on diners and put him in a cab. Not pleasant to watch! 
I recently came back here after not visiting for sometime. Nothing much had changed, the same thumping music and the football on the TV. The prices had gone up and I'm sure that the portions have got smaller. I had some mussels which were very good but my friend didn't like her calamari. I think that we had been spoilt having just returned from Malaga where the tapas is excellent and much cheaper. I didn't think it was very good value 
I remember visiting this restaurant chain as a child and thought it would be fun for my children. Their menus with play sheet were laminated and taken back after ordering so there wasn’t anything for them to do. The food was lacking freshness. The mains arrived before we had finished the starters, and once finished took a while to be cleared at which point we decided to leave. Even receiving the bill took a while!  
Came here for a late lunch and not many people was in . I had a burger and wife had chicken . Don't get me wrong the food was ok and the staff was very friendly but i didn't get the wow factor like i do in some places that i have been. But i will go back and try again. 
Yummy meal, but £2.80 now for one lamb cutlet!?!  
Visited for a late Saturday afternoon lunch with my mum who was visiting for the weekend. We ordered six dishes between us thinking, tapas... small plates of tasty food. I was wrong! The food was tasty but portions are really big for tapas so be careful not to over order. It's not cheap either, I would rather pay a little less for a smaller portion so that you can comfortably try a few things. Would probably pop in again for a drink rather than a meal. 
Very busy 9.00am sunday morning, seated, order taken & arrived fairly quickly. Food tasted good but was tepid at best. Waitress asked if was OK and she offered to replace, by this time had gone off the idea of breakfast! What I did eat was very tasty, so perhaps it needs to be given another chance. 
We tried fish and chips and peperoni pizza. Fish ans chips was OK, delicious. But pizza was really bad and fatty. 
This restaurant has good, friendly and quick service. Food was good, but the décor needs updating somewhat. 
Our group ordered 2 Garfunkel breakfasts which showed a whole mushroom in the picture on the menu but was served with only half. 
Very smart outside, seating outside as well, right opposite station. Met a colleague for lunch here as I needed to hop on and off trains for other meetings in London. Very very quiet; smart interior very attentive staff. Asked for a Coke but only had diet which was fine. Ordered a starter as a light lunch as most bar snacks seemed to be off the menu. Had buttermilk chicken and my colleague had mushrooms on toast. It was ok, nothing spectacular and some of my colleagues mushrooms looked raw but we ate it all. Price wise was fine. 
Called in for a nightcap after getting off the train over the road. There is a wide choice of drinks with wildly differing prices. There are spirits priced at what I call pub prices & those that you have to rob a bank to afford as they are top of the range spirits. 
We had booked a table for Sunday lunch. On arrival we were shown to a lovely table in a virtually empty restaurant. We both ordered the Sunday lunch option. However only one Sunday lunch turned up. The roast beef. It was adequate but the beef was a bit chewy and the yorkshire pudding tasteless. My husband and I shared this meal. Then the pork turned up. A meagre portion of pork. So a bad service and I would have expected a free meal/glass of wine/simply something in compensation for us having to share one lunch before the other arrived. But no, nothing. Lots of enquiries from staff as to how was our food, which meal did we prefer, etc. To be honest we weren't in the mood for small talk with the staff at that point. They come over as very interested but aren't really - they just want to sell you extras so their tip is higher. Sorry guys, we had one good visit here but probably won't come again. Mistakes happen; it is how they are handled that counts and this was handled terribly. 
I've been many times, for various reasons - nights out with friends, a meal with my bestie, birthdays etc..  
The food was ok but not brilliant. Barman was Portuguese and when me and my pal were asking advice about wine he told us he does like wine and doesn't drink it.  
Met friends in here for dinner. The place has been done up recently and there is much more space. The team there are friendly and very helpful. The food is typical "English" Spanish. What is disappointing is the toilets and having spent lots of time in Spain, they normally have very clean toilets. The toilets here were not as clean as I expected. I hope this is not the norm.  
An ok lunch with a large portion of fish & chips. However very ordinary place and poor service from the ones at work.  
Although we have a very good evening overall, it was mainly the company, much less the food and restaurant. I was happy with the service but the food took a long while to be prepared. When it arrived, the food was not as delicious as some reviews claimed. I have to point out that the meat seemed to be better than the fish (being a pescatarian, I can only assume). Prices were correct but again, I was not a huge fan of the food. 
The service was friendly, but the food was no explosion of flavors. And the portions weren't impressive. I had pancakes and longed for lunch almost as soon as we left breakfast. 
Went here for a traditional english breakfast. Nice place and friendly waiters. 
Food was alright. Service was nice. It is your typical eatery. Not pricey. Works in a pinch if you are staying nearby and looking for a quick, inexpensive bite to eat.  
Pretty tasty food, a little on the the expensive side maybe. Service wasn't great, but it was busy and really noisy. Think I'll give it another go as the food was good. 
I have eaten here many times over the years and know that ownership has now changed hands. The food here is amazing but I have not yet eaten here since the restaurant changed hands, so my review is based purely on the bar service.  
As no many options at that area I stopped there for a breakfast. Place is nice and clean. I ordered a Garfunkel breakfast and it was ok not bad but not excellent. Staff was really friendly and polite even as I could see they were short of staff as just had two guys to prepare the coffees and serve the same time with the place full of tourists.  
Went back yet again for a bit of tapas and this time was pleasantly surprised to find a marked improvement in all aspects. The food was excellent, the lamb cutlets & kidneys in particular. The service, wine etc. was very good and I feel this was reflected in the number of guests at the bar and in the restaurant, creating a pleasant atmosphere. I'm impressed that my previous reservations have been addressed, albeit that I probably wasn't the only guest to express concerns, at the time of my last review. I am pleased to say that we will go definitely be going back but if you intend going on a Friday or Saturday you should book a table. 
The board outside says the best F&Cs in London; a brave statement. Well they are very good indeed although the chunky chips are not as good as the thin cut ones in my eyes. The batter is excellent and the fish is really well cooked. The waitress who covered us was really good and her tip increased accordingly she worked like a trojan and was cheerful and efficient. 
Right, this restaurant could be amazing. The atmosphere is great, the service is excellent, drinks lovely, the decor exciting. We will definitely be returning for drinks and nibbles but something has gone wrong with the menu and parts of the cooking. The menu is short, which is great but the dishes we had just didn't work. Everything really heavy, and a pork shoulder main course served in the form of a terrine, which was lukewarm and smelt weired at £19.00 was not acceptable and unpleasant. Had to order sides. Fish and chips was underwhelming and starters were greasy. pPlease sort the menu and some of the cooking and this could be the sort of stylish place Twickenham is screaming out for. P S They were great with children. 
Is "M" a top-end grill? No. Is it a bog standard, easy chain-restaurant (Harvester) - clearly not. So what is it trying to be, because it looks like a top-end grill, prices towards the top end, but standards of food average to poor. Service - meh! Waited 20 mins after seating before being asked what drinks we would like. 
This was a mid-week spur of the moment and as the restaurant was new to us it was a bit of an adventure. If you like tapas and live in Croydon or Purley direction you will enjoy this place. It is not expensive and the service is good and there is plenty of choice on the extensive menu. Not a bad wine list and lots of Spanish plonk to choose from me including some chunky reds. 
Visited for a Saturday lunch with friends. We had a selection of tapas including fish (prawn and cod), fabada, tortilla and liver. Everything was prepared to order and tasted delicious. 
I've been visiting this establishment for many years now & the food atmosphere & service has always been great. I have noted at my last visit that things have slipped, I no longer know anybody, the portions have got smaller & the price has remained the same if not increased. I also noted that the place was quiet in comparison to historic Thursdays that used to be buzzing. Smaller portions, same, if not more money & staff changeover is not a good equation. Sorry, its just the way I see it, strive to return to the old Las Fuentes. 
It was my birthday so I took my family there on a Friday night. there were eight of us, and the place was packed. The waitress we spoke to on arrival told us there would be a half hour wait for a table, but actually we were seated after about 10 minutes. Drinks were ordered at the table and came quite quickly, and we wrote down the tapas dishes that we wanted, and there were quite a few of them. We gave the list to the waiter and ran through them with him to make sure.  
My son and daughter booked us in here for Mother's Day. They were really busy because it was Mother's Day.  
It is a long time since I visited one of these chain restaurants and I won't be hurrying back.The staff were helpful and friendly but the place just seems a bit tired. Back in the day it was the place to go for a good burger.... now ... by walking a little further .... 
The Garfunkel's in the Gloucester Arcade is a good place for well prepared and tasty food. It is on the corner of Cromwell Road and Gloucester Road and offers nice indoor and outdoor seating. 
Often come here with friends, either just for drinks or to have a meal. The restaurant seemingly doesn't take reservations, and you're advised to just 'turn up'.. My advice would be, especially on weekends, turn up early!! This is a large restaurant, but gets packed very very quickly. It's often difficult to tell whether the crowds of people around the bar area are there just for drinks or are waiting for a table. What is nice though, is that you can jostle for a little space at the bar and actually order your meal there (if there's just a couple of you). 
The restaurant has recently been refurbished, so the bar area is now on the opposite side to where it used to be and has been sectioned off. Decor is less ‘Spanish’ looking and has a semi-industrial felt to it. Acoustics aren’t great - so be prepared to shout rather than speak at a normal volume at your table, especially on weekends! Unisex toilets are interesting, and could probably do with being cleaned more often; they’re also a little cramped. 
The food is delicious - fresh, great quality and generous portion sizes. However this is the second time I have visited this restaurant and on both occasions I found the service to be very slow.  
Menu uninspiring and food when it came was below my expectations which were already quite low. Small portons of very average food at moderate price - overall, poor value 
We visited on a Friday early evening, just before it got absolutely heaving! It is VERY noisy, but I think that's the point of tapas bars (or so I am told). It seems predominantly to be a place for younger people, but our group "of a certain age" didn't feel out of place. Service was good, food was fine. It has rather a party atmosphere, so don't go if you want a quiet little Spanish meal! 
Visited lunchtime on 27 November. Restaurant was very quiet, I thought Friday lunchtime would be busier. We used to eat here every few months but haven’t been for a few years now and I was a bit disappointed by the food. It was all OK, but not great or memorable. Calamari in particular lacked any flavour. 
Las Fuentes is a very bust and bustling Tapas bar. The food is normally of a very good standard as is the service.  
We tried Garfunkel's on our first night in London. It was close to the hotel, and looked nice. The restaurant is clean, and nicely decorated. Not too many people inside during our visit around 6pm Saturday. 
Went with the family for sisters birthday back in june I believe, the food was pretty tasty and the service was okay, however it did not justify the price. It wasn't super hot, and wasn't a £25 main course, however it was good food. Don't avoid, but dont go looking for a budget meal! 
We both ordered from the 2 course lunch menu. 
I visited here a couple of weeks ago for a birthday treat, it was somewhere that my boyfriend had gone past on a number of occasions so wanted to try it. A mixed review from me really, I cannot decide whether we simply picked the wrong dishes or if the food lacks flavour. 
This is actually a regular place! Lots of service given over the years by my family. Its a great little taverna and the lamb is delicious.  
Service was poor however the food was good other than the fact ordered a garlic bread which never arrived but did find its way on to the bill 
Food had an ok flavor, but the experience was not so great. Food took a long time to come.  
I had dinner here on Thursday this week. The entrance to the restaurant was very dirty and needed a good clean, however the restaurant itself was clean. Inside it was very quiet and I was seated and served quickly. The food (burger, chips and side salad) was hot and tasty but the portion of chips was very small, I personally would describe the burger meat as cheap and the side salad was very basic. So despite it tasting nice was not worth the money. There are numerous restaurants nearby that you could get better quality for a cheaper price. The lady that served me was nice but I was surprised how unprofessional the staff were overall in their behaviour. One gentleman, who I think may have been the manager, had the staff around him and were discussing how they could get money from trip advisor reviews. Now I have no difficulty with this but the conversation should have happened away from customers, not in the middle of he restaurant. Also when paying I was asked if I wanted any change and personally I do not like this pressure to tip. I always lave a generous tip for good service but do not like this approach. 
Visited whilst on business in London, the restaurant was recommended by a greek friend and had previously been Suggested as 'the best greek restaurant in the world'. Our seats were in a 'drafty' position near the door and the table had to be moved to get in and out. Far too many tables for the room in my opinion. Mixture of friendly and perceived lack of interest from some younger members of staff. £2 cover charge - what's that all about, as well as 12.5% service charge. Would not return - food ok but nothing special and not best in the world. 
had a late english breakfast here. It was an OK meal with a good service. But just around the corner is a very modest cafe serving a little better meal but cheaper and you support a local shop rather than a chain 
Go to las fuentas at least once amonth, while the food is good the service is never fantastic, but on the last visit which was mid week not too busy their chicken skewer was fatty and had a bone in it, service appalling had to put hand upforeverything they have just got too complacent. 
Not impressed with the food or the service. The food was mediocre, poorly presented, and barely warm. The service was slow. Wouldn't go back. 
Heard such good things about Herons. Found it too noisy to hear yourself speak and had to move tables. Acoustics bad wherever you sat. Three guests had prawns as a starter which they found expensive for five peeled prawns on a plate with nothing served with them. Even a slice of bread maybe? When we mentioned waitress said " when you have three courses it won't matter". We only had two courses. Mains were good but the wine choice was expensive if you wanted other than new world. Will not be returning as our bill for four was £240 with one person not drinking wine as driving. There are better local restaurants for the price, its a shame as a good value local restaurant is so needed and despite other positive reviews left disappointed and surprised by waitresses back chat when asked for our opinion. 
Decided on having the club sandwich, which was really lovely. Really big and lots of melted cheese, also had a carrot cake which was fresh! Bought a bottle of apple and elderflower juice which they sold and was very nice! It is a little pricey compared to other cafes in the area and the menu is a bit limited so this does let it down. But a good choice none the less!  
Always buzzing with people, as it was when we visited. Unfortunately food was mostly poor. The calamari rings were soggy. The croquettes soft. This is tapas made for English people, without any love of food. 
Had arrived, unbooked, and we were seated very quickly after ordering a drink at the bar. Very busy for midweek and a little bit lively. Waiters had very broken English (not a bad thing in a Mediterranean restaurant!) and were slightly disinterested in customer service. Food very good but served a little randomly (cold and hot foods first then hot and cold served a few minutes later?) and quickly. On the whole a good midweeker if you want a full belly and an early night! 
Something that irks me a little about the UK despite being born here etc is that in other countries, I would pay peanuts for the food served here.... well the Tapas anyway. Tapas being fillers.... small dishes. The food has that more home cooked feel to it and they have done one thing right on... free bread and as much as you would like. In South America, bread is always brought first to get people started... they charge 50p for butter here though. Little funny but no biggie at all. May as well make it free. Who eats that much butter anyway when mains are coming? 
This restaurant is very disappointing to say the least. First impressions were good. It was busy with a great Spanish feel....and that is where it stops. The food is dismal. Nothing was cooked from fresh. It lacked flavour on a massive scale. The staff had no personality what so ever . We ordered a large selection of Tapas which was served to us 3 plates a time because they couldn't fit it all on a table for too. Unbelievable. ....Never again.  
Really good food but they over charged our table by £30. May have been a genuine mistake of getting the wrong bill, unfortunately did not think much of it until I got home. 
Updating: Unfortunately the place is often over-run by loud, uncontrolled/unsupervised children who make one heck of a noise. If they could be kept to one of the two floors then it would at least provide a quieter space for adults who haven't brought children with them. I did ask one of the staff once if it would be possible for the adults to be with their children - the children were upstairs running amok - and the adults downstairs), and was told, in no uncertain terms 'no'. This isn't really very customer friendly, and I felt an apology and explanation could have been good at that point. It is a beef of mine that children should behave themselves while out and about, and allow for all adults to relax and have a nice time, so perhaps I am being a bit unfair. However, it does put me off going there. 
Friends and I ate in the restaurant when on a Wednesday neither this nor the tapas seating area was busy. The soup was lovey but it took almost 30 minutes to arrive. The waiter agreed when I paid that he should have told us this when ordering because it meant I had to leave the restaurant after the soup, put on my jacket and go out in the cold to the car park to fill the meter. 
Went there with a few friends for lunch. The aubergine dish was great, but the rest was just okay. About half an hour after eating I got terrible stomach ache which lasted all afternoon. Probably not food poisoning, just something that disagreed with me, but it didn't leave me feeling too positive about the restaurant. The service was okay - not bad by any means, but not exceptional. The green plastic hanging baskets and very old fashioned tiles on every possible wall added to the whole 1970s vibe. Underwhelmed overall. 
Have been eating here for many years and, although the food is consistently good, the service has deteriorated.  
PorK slouvakis not marinated, so hard meat and not cheap but the Greek salad was good. Host not too friendly 
Perhaps I have been spoiled by living in Melbourne where we have a Greek community that seems to take real care about the food they serve. 
Generally speaking I have to say it is a good restaurant. 
Fortunate to get in on a Saturday night without a reservation but were on a time frame as they do several sittings. Tables are next to each other so if you want intimate dining experience this is not the place. Staff very friendly and great service. I ordered the chicken kebab and it came with plenty of chicken and opted for fries (on vacation so a nice treat for once) which were shared with husband. Plenty for the two of us. They bring out olives and a plate of spring onions, radishes and pickled peppers as well as some warm pita bread. Be prepared to be charged for this on you bill - a little bit of a surprise but we did enjoy. Husband had the lamb kebab and a glass of house wine and the bill was 47 pounds sterling. Good price for UK given that we were in central London. A popular place for sure. 
I was in a party of six eating at Garfunkel's for the first time. 
My group (parts of it) would eat there each evening. Kids tend to frequent what they know. The service is good and it is a nice atmosphere. 
The restaurant is in Purley High St . with , parking in the Multi=storey opposite the Station or at Tescos for 3 hour max. Corner tables laid & waiting for us ,wine and orders taken promptly after we all arrived, waiters efficient. . The tapas menu included a lot of fish but I did not see any beef dishes , only Chicken and Pork .Portions were generous and the food was well cooked, tasty and on hot plates. House wines rather basic, recommend upgrade to Riojas. . The deserts looked good but I was too full to have one- next time! This is a large restaurant with tiled walls in the Spanish style .Most tables were occupied for lunch and it is very busy in the evenings, it can get quite noisy but a good atmosphere. 
Seems harsh to rate this friendly restaurant as average, but the food though pleasant is by no means outstanding. The staff and atmosphere make it an easy place to visit, especially at lunchtime. My parents love it and go often. They are given excellent attention and I think this is more important to them, than superb cuisine. The tapas are varied but I have had much better elsewhere. I can't comment on the rest of the menu, but for a relaxed meal, which appeals to people of all age groups, this place fits the bill 
Lovely food but so noisy we couldn't hear ourselves think, never mind talk. They definitely need to do something about all the hard surfaces - such a shame as food was good. We won't be returning especially if the girl on the next table with the loud Whitney voice is there! 
I love the food in this restaurant but find it hard to relax with the noisy atmosphere. The whole restaurant is tiled which bounces off sound. On a Friday or Saturday it is really busy with bar customers having a drink. The staff are really good at looking after customers but we tend to avoid it because it is expensive and noisy. It's better for bigger groups rather than more intimate dinners. 
This restaurant is really popular. Even having booked a table we had to queue for over 20 minutes. This is a family-run small restaurant that serves Greek food. People seem to like it although I was disappointed. I had humous followed by poached fish. The fish portion was huge but over-cooked and was very plain. I'm guessing the meat dishes are a better bet. The guy beside me had a shoulder of lamb that was enormous and smelt very good. 
This relaxed and convivial little restaurant offers good home-style cooking (excellent meat dishes) although the pickles were rubbery. Avoid the dry, over-baked baklava dessert which tasted burnt and had the texture of cardboard. Service is fast and a little brusque, borderline friendly.  
Good service. Meals huge. My pie was tastey but the crust was soggy like it had been microwaved. We thought the Stanhope pub was better food and value and very close by.  
This place is supposedly famous for its fish and chips but I found the dish to be of slightly better than average quality only. Prices are reasonable and location just above Gloucester Road tube station is really convenient. 
A Spanish friend recommended this restaurant and a large group of us went for dinner. 
First thing to say is that I have been visiting this place for 13 years, on and off, during which time it has always been excellent. Superb food with a consistency that is not bettered anywhere. 
I visited here on a Saturday night. The atmosphere was great and the restaurant is obviously very popular as it was packed. The staff were attentive even though they were rushed off their feet. We ordered a variety of dishes and they were OK just not brilliant. Due to how busy the place was I expected the food to be fantastic. It was all quite greasy. I think the waiter forgot to give our order to the chef as we had to wait a long time for the food. However as an apology they gave us some drinks which rectified the situation. Good service but average food.  
Food is good and served quickly but whilst service is efficient it is very cold almost to the point of rudeness as if they are doing a favour letting you eat in the establishment. Went on a Friday night and the place was heaving with groups of singles. Ordered a bottle of wine at the bar after one of the bar staff decided to actually serve rather than whizz in and out of the back ignoring everyone and then 2 men beside us got into an argument that almost turned into fisticuffs. The owner/manager seemed to find it quite amusing and said that the one guy comes in alone and drinks too much, why not refuse to serve him then?? Were told there would be a 20 minute wait for a table but was actually a lot quicker. Used to go quite a lot and take our daughters but not sure we'd go again after this experience would go to the South Croydon branch as food the same quality but more of a restaurant feel and not so much emphasis on groups surrounding the bar. 
We booked a table for two - but realised this was unnecessary as the venue was only half full. The fillet steak was £28 vegetables extra - was quite small but cooked to perfection and was delicious. Service was cheerful and pleasant but extremely slow. You should allow at least 1 1/2 hours for a mal for two. 
Have spent many enjoyable evenings and lunches in Purley - always busy, noisy and with a buzzy atmosphere. Tonight however food was not up to usual standard -  
First off, let me say the food was fine. We shared tzatziki as a starter and both had moussaka. Everything was tasty and well prepared. But overall, this was not an enjoyable dining experience. The place is small and they've crammed in as many tables as possible. It wasn't so bad when we were seated, but soon it filled up and became uncomfortable. The noise level became such that we couldn't have a normal conversation. Why must they add to the din with loud, tinny music? The service was efficient but brusque and unfriendly. I felt they wanted us out as quickly as possible to get two new bums in the chairs. Prices: 4 quid for a bottle of still water? There was an automatic service charge of 12%, the highest we encountered in London. There are more pleasant and better-value Greek restaurants in the area. 
Nice chain restaurant. Ok service. We stopped for fish and chips. The fish was flavorless. Also, refills on drinks are NOT free. Would not recommend if you're looking for fish and chips. 
A large restaurant which was very sparsely populated at w hat should have been a busy time.The waitress recommended the rotisserie chicken and I chose to have the peri peri version which was ok but not a patch on Nando' s. I had ice cream which was again OK but nothing special. The waitress was friendly but included items on the bill that I had not ordered. 
Having been shown to our table and ordered our tapas list (which I had typed into my phone to ensure reading off correctly and not missing any). A. waiter then brings over chicken livers, as I was vegetarian I was pretty certain this was indeed not my dish. I politely told this to the waiter. The waitress that I had ordered from then rushes over and rather rudely demands to see my phone and the list as she is adamant the dish is mine. Needless to say, chicken livers were not on the list and she saunters off with little apology for her mistake. The staff later clear and whipe our table in what can only be described as a rude and aggressive manner. Needless to say we opted out of the "optional service charge". The waiter then tells us we still "owe money". I told him the service charge is clearly stated optional, he then bluntly asks "why". I again politely explain that my order had been messed up and I had found various staff rude so would not be tipping for excellent service on this occasion. He then dismisses us and ignores us when we wish him a "good night" none the less.  
This place looks nice, is reasonably priced and the food is quite good. However, the rude, arrogant and very angry boss turns the atmosphere sour. He shouts at his staff and customers and, although his staff make up for it with their apologies, has no excuse for such behaviour. Just because it is popular with the locals and retains regulars doesnt mean standards should slip. Every customer should be valued! 
Title tells it all. Nothing real special but clean and good for families. Specializes in "real" British fish and chips. It was good. 
Ive been here a few times as we live locally. Food is good but I think the service is poor. I dont know if its because they are always busy so there doesnt need to be much effort made but it does annoy me that they are always quite rude. They just kind of throw the plates down and when they take your order they're always looking the other way. One time he actually walked off in the middle of taking the order. I thought it was a bad night but seems to happen each time we go.Saying that its got great atmosphere and there is always a good crowd. 
This is a shame - we'd been before and really enjoyed it, so after our daughter's Christmas fete at school we went in for an early dinner. The staff were downright miserable: one of us was recently discharged from hospital and asked for a warm table. The waiter ignored this and put us by the door. When we asked another waiter whether the door could be closed he was most put out, said it couldn't and we'd have to move. 
Visited in December. The service was fantastic and the food was delicious but I just found the atmosphere to be cold and unwelcoming, the restaurant seems very clinical - also expensive! So unfortunately don't think I will be back. 
Previous owners have not managed to make this restaurant a success will the new regime? I genuinely hope so but our first visit was not a great start.  
Empty restaurant - waited quite a while for the bill after had finished - I see other reviewers think it pricey yes it is - food ok but the price point ambitious for ok good - lovelie presentation but have eaten better for less. Some nice touches like the olives and bread brought out to you as an appetiser - yes I dislike the tip added to my bill too ( so I agree with other reviewers in this regard ) has the potential to be a successful but has some hot competition for my WONGA  
The Position is great but it is a cafeteria feed at best. Staff try hard but are obviously inexperienced and inattentive. The menu is generic and moderately priced. This cafe is a good alternative if you can't find a restaurant or if you are just peckish.  
Visited for evening meal with an eight year old. No children's menu and adult portion far too much. Food mediocre.  
Great food, service too much (all the time waiters where around us). We got asked the same questions by 3-4 waiters all the time... yes the food is good... no we don’t want coffe... yes we have ordered dessert... yes we can see the people in line to get our table  
One of the oldest Greek dining places in London since 1960’s 
Visited here as stayed close by, the restaurant was very busy and tables were very crammed in. The food was excellent and appeared to be reasonably priced. But beware of £2 cover charge and 10% service charge which applies to food and drink. Thus making a Baileys cost £6.60 and a can of Diet Coke £4.40 .  
Good food in an authentic Greek setting. I asked the waiter for half rice and half fries as my dish comes with either one. He charged me for a whole portion of rice.  
We were late at night, but were disappointed in the standard of the meal. The service was good and the staff were very pleasant, But for what we had, mains and desserts it was very overpriced.  
I visited Herons eagerly anticipating great things. 
We stopped here one night for dinner, as all the other places were full, and we were very tired from a full day of traveling. 
Good value and d food in a relaxed family dining atmosphere. The staff were generally nice and halpful. 
I popped into Garfunkel's late on a sunday night, whilst having travelled to London for a Monday morning meeting. The restaurant was quiet and the food was pretty good, although the waitress was pretty determined that I order a cappuccino after my meal despite me declining, as it was nearly 10pm at night.. 
Well the was fine, i have no issue with that. The service however was terrible. I entered and waited to be seated but no staff came near me so i just sat myself wherever i felt. (This happened to several other customers after me, some just left instead of waiting). The waiter came over after 8mins, i ordered and waited another 25mins for it to turn up. As i said the food is very nice. After another 20mins realising they weren't coming to collect the dirty plates i strolled up to the cashier and told them i need to pay now. So i paid and left without tip.  
Had dinner here a few times and it's always a safe option to go to when in London, since one knows what to count on. 
There are some good value meals here if you are wanting a quick breakfast. We had eggs one morning and the serving was pretty large and everything tasted good. Another morning I made the mistake of ordering pancakes which turned out to be reheated rocks! The waitress was kind enough to not charge us for these thank goodness.  
I had homemade tomatoe soup which was delicious and full of flavour, which was perfect for a light lunch. Price was 5 pounds. (About $10) It was not served hot so I asked for it to be re heated. The waitress was very obliging and even topped my soup up. 
We went to Garfunkel's in London and was recommended by our hotel since we were looking for fish & chips. It was a really expensive meal. We had much better meals at other restaurants that were less expensive. We were sat at a small booth and it wasn't a very nice atmosphere. We were disappointed.  
You know you're always going to get a good meal at garfunkels. However, sometimes waitresses could be over zealous looking after you thus not allowing you to feel relaxed. Concentrating on the meal: not bad. 
We came to eat in this restaurant due to the fact that it was very close to my hotel (the Blakemore hotel). In spite of the fact that we made no reservations , they found a table for us. Since we are not familiar with the Greek food, we try to stick with what we know. Hence, we ordered a Kabab (one beef and one lamb). We know well what is a kebab and expected to get a nice meat chopping, instead we got some parts of meat from a skew (THIS IS NOT A KABAB). In addition we tasted their Hummus (I ate much better than this one, many times) and their dessert was not my cup of tea.  
Part of a chain, but serves a good snack or meal. Certainly worth a visit if you are staying in the area 
Good traditional English breakfast, staff was friendly, food was hot, with a. Ice atmosphere. Close to the underground and convenient location if you are staying in this part of London.  
Both ordered the English breakfast, with a tea and coffee which were free refills  
An disappointing meal here, burgers and chips not very good. Nice staff, very obliging as we had a buggy pram and three grandkids, but not a food experience I want to repeat. 
We were in town and took the opportunity to meet up with an old friend. I wouldn't normally choose a chain for such a meet up, but it was handy, large and spacious and a close walk from the tube station our friend was coming in on. 
Decent food but overpriced . 
This is an okay place that is good for families with young children. The food prices were reasonable and the service was great. However, there isn't anything special about the food. The food was a bit bland and not flavorful. 
I have visited this place for breakfast, lunch and (once) dinner but I still find it a puzzle. I guess I am still not clear what it is trying to be. The breakfasts I have had there were marked by poor service and long waits. The one dinner felt like we were an experiment - a sad group of six in an empty room with nobody obviously in charge and an odd set of menu choices. Lunches seem more relaxed and staff better able to cope. The place is still a good addition to Hanwell's very limited restaurant offer but I think it needs to raise its game in terms of service and menu. It has the potential to be very good but just doesn't seem to know what its primary offer and selling point is. 
Normal prices for what it serves. After all it's London... Tasty but not something wow. Not a variety in salads, but hamburgers and steaks 
8 of us ate at this restaurant for my daughters 23rd birthday When we arrived it was not busy but it gradually filled up. We could honestly not fault the food but all evening we felt rushed and pressurised into ordering and making very quick decisions as to what we wanted to eat It was our first visit to the restaurant so we really wanted the time to look at the menus and enjoy the ambiance of the restaurant We had my elderly mum and mother in law with us and they too felt rushed into ordering and we felt that the staff, maybe the owner? Didn’t have much patience with them Maybe it was because we were not regular customers but I really felt that the £32 service charge added to the bill was not deserved I really don’t mind paying the service charge but I walked out of there feeling that it wasn’t really a very pleasant experience As previously said we couldnt fault the food ... service just not all that good... this was a Tuesday night... hate to think what it’s like at the week end rating average only because of the poor service but food good 
enjoy the fish and chip but felt a bit uncomfortable the staff are not having face mask or gloves while serving you 
We stopped here on Monday night for dinner. It's a nice place, like a fancy Eddie Rockets really. Waitress was friendly enough and service was prompt. However it was disappointing to be told both the carbonara and another dish we asked for were unavailable as they ran out of bacon! Considering they are attached to Waitrose this seems a bit mad. We had wings to start which were nice, my pizza was meh..fairly boring. My husband enjoyed the ribs though. Sticky toffee pudding dessert was horribly presented and very poor. There were a group of people directly behind us who were obviously extremely drunk and being very noisy and annoying which also took away from our dining experience.  
have tryed this a couple of times and both times i got home to find the batter was soggy need a bit more cooking... 
I had high hopes for fish and chips @ when they first opened however they seem to be going downhill all the time - from soggy chips to long queues. I personally do not find the sausages very nice and it is a shame as this is such a staple at fish and chip restaurants - there is a more traditional restaurant nearer by that seems to have a great mix of restaurant and takeaway. 
Went for a meal with friends and it was empty all night - and freezing! We needed our coats on. Drinks took a long time to arrive which was surprising and overpriced. But food was good and all you can eat is good offer. They need some heating for the winter months!  
Used to love this place but now the food is terrible (no wonder they closed the restaurant). Its a takeaway place with limited seating and the food is so tasteless. Bought fishcakes and couldn't eat it as it had no seasoning. the chips were soggy and not properly fried 
Good Greek food but some dishes are plain ordinary. Very crowded, over worked waiters and some unfriendly staff. Make sure you have reservations. Pricey! 
First time using ....we wanted a takeaway...my husband picked up ...portion size was good.. mushroom curry...hardly any mushrooms ...but loads of carrot & peas & 3 long things which were spongey ..have no idea what they were ...went straight in bin.not a lot of sauce Ordered 3 curry sauces...as one of us only has rice & sauce. Weren't in the bag... rang up & they were delivered. 15 minutes later ...so food was now cold.. wont use again... 
The place is very small and usually all packed with people so it's not cozy and private but the staff is very nice and the food was good too, but pricey. 
We didn't have a reservation so was lucky to get a table for two on a Saturday night however initially we were told they wouldn't be able to get us a table but when asked if we could wait they somehow managed to find a table there and then.  
Large portions.  
Pretty average fish and chip diner. Decor is the 'warehouse style ' minimalistic. Food arrive quite quickly and was hot. Would have been surprised otherwise with only 10 diners for a Thursday evening. 
Nice , friendly restaurant , i think runned by family, nice food but very expensive for what uou get, very cramped. 
We didn't have a reservation but they managed to find us a table - the tables are really crowded in so not much room! Then we were forgotten, until the girls at the next table were about too be served before us, and had only been there for about 5 minutes. So we reminded the waiter that we hadn't been served. When we gave our order we also asked for water - that never came. The food was nice, not outstanding, and very very rich, not what I have ever had in Greece! I had to ask twice more for two glasses of water and only one eventually arrived! Yes, they were busy but that's no excuse for poor service. We won't be going back. 
Decent setting and a very good service, but unfortunately I wasn't that impressed with the food. Out of the whole selection of dishes we ordered, I only really enjoyed the beef in black bean sauce... The rest felt a bit artificial. 
Visited here with a few friends after hearing about this place from many people. The restaurant was tiny, with very old decorations. I guess to make it more authentic, I prefer more modern (and clean) restaurant, but each to their own. The staff were ok, buried wouldn't say friendly or smiley. The food was really nice, but it honestly didn't WOW me. For this type of hype and price I expected more. Don't think I will be back.  
We visited for a quick takeaway. I had scampi, my girlfriend had the "express" cod which confused me. Wasn't listed as small, medium or large but express and regular. Maybe it's me as I dont visit fish and chip shops often. The fish was cooked well and the chips were particularly good. The chap didn't offer salt and vinegar so we had to open the food to add it ourselves. Not a big issue but it's not possible to coat the chips etc fully. As I say not a big issue but we choose what we choose because we enjoy food even if it's a  
We were told by family members that after a year without being able to eat fish and chips, this was the place to break the fast.  
Having read the reviews, I was looking forward to a meal out with my mother and husband. Unfortunately, we were extremely disappointed. The service was extremely slow and the food was mediocre and just warm. I guess this was reflected in the reduction they were offering in October. Not enough to tempt me back again.  
Visited here for a few drinks before dinner. The staff were very friendly and we were able to take advantage of the 2-4-1 offer. The drinks were made in front of us, which was nice, and they tasted good. Would visit again when 2-4-1 is on.  
Overall it was an okay dinner for a greek restaurant. The souvla was delicious and the kleftiko well cooked. 
Two us went there to eat late afternoon on a Sunday. 
I often wonder why fish and chips restaurants' managers do not understand that most of their customers choose a fish and chips restaurant relying on their noses more than on their eyes? This restaurant looks modern, clean and efficient from the outside, but as soon as you walk in you feel as if you are plunging into a cloud of smothering bad smells. As soon as you wisely decide to walk out you realise that your clothes already smell of bad quality frying oil/fish. If you end up eating in, I advise you not to plan any other activity for the day or for the evening, otherwise you will end up noticing how hard other people will be trying to keep a distance from you. If you have succumbed to the temptation to buy a take away fish and chip...do not expect much! Sorry, guys, you have to try harder before you can find a well refurbished, good quality fish & chips restaurant in Enfield where you are also treated kindly and with respect! 
Was looking forward to trying out the fare here and decided on a cod and chips takeaway on Friday lunchtime. The price was reasonable at just over £7.20 for a regular cod and chips and the wait not too bad at just over 10 minutes. The service was not as friendly as you usually get in a chip shop, nobody asked if you would like salt and vinegar when your food had been cooked it was just placed neatly into a bag and your order number shouted out for you to collect. Was pretty disappointed with the contents. The fish was quite thin and had lots of grey in it and I spent most of my time prodding it trying to work out if it was actually cod. The chips were quite dry and hard. It was edible but I would not rush back in a hurry. 
I have eaten many times in the restaurant and was very pleased with the food. It is on the expensive side so we now have take away. Food is good but the chips are diabolical. I now prefer to buy my fish, saveloys, etc and do my oven chips at home which is 100% better than their chips. I have complained several times and other customers have said that they have the same problem. 
The restaurant looks Greek, as the decoration is improvised and the dust has not been touched for a long time. The place is really crowded and you have to pass to the entrance once more, if you want to sit opposite to your partner. I’ve been to places where the image was not great but the dishes were excellent. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The houmous was runny, the Tzatziki had no garlic and the tabouli was watery and had no bulgur in it. As a compensation, the white house wine was good and the Greek salad decent. At the end we received a hand written bill with an overcharge attempt. The “error” has been quickly solved by rounding down with an amount higher than the one in question. This gives you a hint about the fairness of their prices. 
My wife & I visited this restaurant for the first time yesterday evening. We skipped starters and both settled on traditional cod & chips. The fish was a good size, nicely battered & tasted delicious. However . . . . . . . The chips were disappointingly bland. Not very crispy as we would expect from a decent chippy. I also felt they were 'stingy' with the amount they gave me. (Should have complained). In fairness though my wife's serving was decent, as were other portions being brought out for customers. For dessert, I tried the choc sundae, which strangely contained no choc ice cream, but was enjoyable. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated & with friendly staff. We both felt the main course was a little overpriced, but the soft drinks & dessert were reasonable.  
Good location, friendly staff, average food at local average price. Food was quite good, but not "the best" fish and chips had on this vacation. Visited after 7:0 p.m. and there was a fair amount of customers which indicates that this is a popular place for the local people to eat. 
Had fish and chips on a Sunday late afternoon. Friendly efficient staff. Busy with lots of children eating free. Enjoyed our crispy fried cod and chips. Have since had a take away which proved a big disappointment - small tasteless fish and hard old tasting chips. 
We visited this fish and chip restaurant over the August Bank Holiday weekend. It was very busy when we arrived, but a table was found for us. Waitress service a little too rushed for our liking (they virtually pounced on us as soon as we took our coats off, asking what we would like to drink, before we had even had a chance to look at the drinks menu!). 
The restaurant is situated on a relatively busy road entering the Enfield high street. The nearest car parks are approximately 200m away. The roads outside and nearby have yellow line controlled parking that is operational until 6.30pm. 
We were actually booked in to another restaurant on the other side of London for an evening meal, but when we were strolling out of the excellent Blakemore Hotel nearby, we saw this restaurant and it was packed, which is usually a good sign, so we cancelled the other restaurant and booked the evening meal here. 
I went to London with my boyfriend last week, and we wanted to go to Halepi because our family recomendation. We went on a Monday, was not suposed to be a bussy day. The place is tiny, very familiar, and actually really nice and homely. The food is amazing, it is really good BUT...everybody says this is a family restaurant, and you feel like you are in family as long as you are there, but actually I did not feel that way the night we went.  
Cod and chips, pie and chops and the scampi and chips all got very good reviews from the people i ate with. however, all food you could have got for half the price from a fish and chip shop. Mussels were definitely one to AVOID! Tasted like really salty rubber. Saying that, after mentioning them to the waiter, he disappeared for a bit and came back with the mussels removed from the bill.  
A small cozy restaurant in Bayswater-an authentic Greek/restaurant that you could actually recommend. The food is simple but freshly prepared. It is expensive though and they are a bit cheeky-you order a chicken kebab and then charged an extra £3-5 for rice or chips or potatoes. As well as the £4 table/cover charge of olives and spring onions-which you are not asked about  
I met up with old friends in this lovely looking bar early evening on Fri 18th May. Staff were friendly but the toilets were shocking to say the least. The toilet/basin area is dirty and needs a good clean. All three toilets were blocked with water(?) running all over the floor into the basin area. When I reported this a member of staff entered the toilet with a plunger to resolve the issue but going back in afterwards it still looked awful and unhygienic. Speaking to some of the local customers they said this was a regular occurrence and the situation never improved. Sadly this has really put me off going back . The toilets completely let down what is a lovely bar in a fantastic location. 
This restaurant was very good when it first opened but like many others it has sadly gone down hill.  
Very good welcomed nice grills easy to find didn't eat or tried any Greek speciality the environment friendly visited by some famous people 
The food was ok but not more, but it was just too expensive, a large tsatziki cost 8 pounds, and in my eyes it was not great. Then it was far too crowded between tables, you had to sit with the stomach next to the table so the waiter should be able to get past. 
This place is for going there to have a very quick meal and come out super quick. 
I came here with family just before Christmas. We hadn’t booked anything and all the pubs were packed in Wimbledon but we managed to get a seat here luckily.  
In truth could do better, my avocado prawn cocktail starter had very little avocado in it, when I expected it to come in half an avocado. Fish main course was good, tasty and good size, but an option of mushy peas would have been welcome. I had chocolate ice cream for desert which was dreadful! It was cheap and not very tasty and not very chocolatee! 
I went here with a group of a dozen people from work. A set menu was ordered, including appetizers and a main course that included meats and seafood. The food was of good quality, albeit on the bland side. Given the group size, the food was cold when served. 
I went with a friend for lunch on Wednesday. There were only 2 staff on the customer side and it was really busy. One was serving drinks and taking orders and one was serving food. I waited approx 15 minutes to order a drink and there was a queue in front and behind me. A group of 4 who sat down close to where we were sitting left without ordering as they were in their lunch break! We left our food order until things were a bit quieter, what a mistake that was...... There was a party of about 12 who came in just as we were ordering, so we were told ours would be at least 40 minutes as they were taking priority!! We still had to go and ask where our food was after the party had been served, and when we asked for water we only got one glass between us! The 2 guys who were having to manage the customers were lovely, they worked really hard and were really pleasant so it was hard to get frustrated with them. When the party had left things didn’t get much better, we tried to,buy another drink but the guy serving was doing coffees so told me I had to wait and he’d bring them over, which was helpful but he was tied up on coffee for a long time. I’ve no idea where the other guy serving had gone, perhaps on a break. Anyway after about 5 minutes of waiting I saw someone go to the bar and it looked like he was being served (my view was restricted due to a post), so I got up and went to the bar and lo and behold the other guy was serving, so I got our drinks from him. I really felt for the 2 guys working as they didn’t stop. Shame on All Bar One management for the lack of support. So not only was the service awful, tables weren’t being cleared and the place looked messy. BUT saying all that. I have to finish on a positive, ABO has a fabulous menu, we had steak sandwiches with fries and they were delicious. 
Visited with friends during the week without reservation. The staff managed to find a table for 3 of us for 1,5 hours, we agreed since we were too hungry and tired to walk away. The waiter was very friendly, but the main food came almost after an hour! The quality of food was average... A bit of disappointment after 2 bottles of wine and long wait. I had to return lamb souvlaki - too hard and dry. We noticed that the place is popular with Middle East people, but the real Greek food could be better! 
Ate at this relatively new (Nov 2011) restaurant for the first time on June 13th. 
We visited for dinner as we were staying in the Lancaster Gate area and were keen to try this Greek restaurant having heard good things. We made a reservation and arrived at the door to a very rude welcome which was a sign of things to come. An older man interrogated us and claimed we weren't on his list of reservations. In fact, all that had happened was they had spelt our name incorrectly. After this, we were hurried to our table and met by another older waiter who made us feel as if we were an inconvenience. He was charmless and criticised a customers personal choice - completely uninterested and not even smiling once - it made us feel uncomfortable and is the worst service we have ever received in the UK. Interestingly, he appeared very friendly with our neighbours, whom he possibly knew personally? There were, however, some friendly younger members of staff so perhaps we were unfortunate to have been served by this man. He was also very keen on up-selling in every area, adding hidden charges to our bill, including a service charge when we didn't want to leave a tip. However, his intimidating manner meant we didn't want to question this. The food and drink was largely good and compared well to dishes we have tried while travelling in Greece. We enjoyed a selection of lamb, beef and pork. Unfortunately it is unlikely we will return as this staff member's attitude has put us off for life. 
The space is very cramped and we were sat at a 'family style' table. Service was slow. The food was okay for the price. 
I used to love this place and recommend it. 
I went for the bottomless brunch one Sunday - £30 for 1 course and bottomless prosecco. Unfortunately the burger was very small and overdone, and the prosecco wasn't kept topped up. Each time we finished a glass we had to wait and even ask for a new one. At one point someone had to go up and ask as we were waiting for so long. It's a shame as I've been for casual evening drinks which has been fine. Good bar for casual drinks, but there are far better bottomless brunches around. 
Good location near the station. Music too loud but was turned down on request. Very busy. The Small Plates (starters) were excellent and we had mainly starters rather than mains but did have one main which was very good, full of flavour. Recommended. 
7 0f us went Sunday afternoon march 1st 2015 we had kebabs and Kleftico. My daughter chose a different meat dish and it tasted not right she said, she put it in a tissue and went to her car with the restaurant manager to give it to her dog (she travels everywhere with her dog) she phoned me 3oclock in the morning she had acute diarrhea and vomitting so did her dog . I haven't phoned the restaurant , but was disappointed that this should happen, and not advised to have this dish by the young girl waitress 
Today my husband and I treated ourselves to lunch in All Bar One in Wimbledon before going to watch the tennis. We had reserved a table for one o’clock, expecting the place might be full. When we arrived we soon found our table which was easy to identify from a handwritten label in a clip on top of an empty wine bottle. 
We had booked a table for lunch as it was the week before Christmas which was just as well as the restaurant had a couple of large tables and was very busy. The waitress took our drinks order and provided our drinks then on taking our food order informed us that there would be at least 45 minutes wait for our food. I felt this should have been explained on arrival as we would almost certainly have gone elsewhere. We both ordered burgers which were very tasty but unfortunately served on a slate topped with a flimsy piece of paper which I loathe as the paper just disintegrates and you end up eating it!! I would visit again as the restaurant has a pleasant ambiance but would avoid Christmas...their brunches are especially good. 
Popped in here before going for dinner. Their cocktails have more ice than alcohol, not a bad bar, although not much character and could do with some ambient lighting 
It's been years since I've been to this restaurant and always love the freshly cooked chunky crispy chips they used to serve here. The restaurant decor and layout has completely changed, nice interior, seating are comfortable, nice atmosphere and clean. There are great selection of drinks but the food is a bit disappointing (eg my husband's fish and chips wasn't particularly tasty, fish was bland - nothing like what you normally get in the fish shop, chips were a bit small and not very evenly cooked; my classic burger didn't come with brioche as specified on the menu, I was only told that they ran out of brioche when the food was served on our table with a different bread - something like a flat bread, so disappointing!), the actual beef burger tasted ok, the chips weren't as chunky as they used to be. The service was friendly but they seems to have less staff serving at the time we were there, so took a while to get our food order. Would I come here again? Perhaps only when meeting up with friends for a quick drink and light snack. 
I took my mum here as I heard they did a good breakfast. I booked a table and found it when I arrived by the window with nice comfy chairs. There was a nice ambience in there & good choices on menu. However we were disappointed when the food arrived as it wasn't very hot. My mum had scrambled egg & bacon on sourdough toast & instead of having full rashers of bacon, it had been cut into little pieces with very little scrambled egg. I had Eggs Royale. However, it tasted ok & was good value. The service was good but we waited ages for the bill to be given . All in all, I'd give it another go because it was a nice environment for breakfast. 
Although it has a very smart design and a good stock of wines and cocktails....it is a very sterile place and more like a library than a converted bank. The staff match the atmosphere...efficient with very little personality. The drinks are also on the expensive side....I have been here during Wimbledon Tennis week when it is crowded but the atmosphere is the same.....could do with injecting some life....although if you would like a good glass of red wine to ready your book....this place is perfect.... 
On our way to London we stopped in Wimbledon for a light breakfast. This place seemed clean and tidy with reasonable prices. 
popped in here for drinks. Good selection of drinks, chain bars can be quite characterless but ok for a drink 
Truth be told, this All Bar One is hit and miss. The hits? The space is good, the seating comfortable, the atmosphere often has a buzz, the bar has a good range of drinks. The misses? The food is nothing special, with the occasional exception (e.g. warm pistachio and olive oil cake - superb) and the service is pretty unsophisticated. So as long as you pop in for a drink, and a well chosen snack, it's good for a catch up with friends. 
The staff very kindly fitted us in without a reservation but it was early. We were served very quickly- too quickly for a pleasant stay. The staff were brusque and we didn't feel particularly comfortable. Never rude but we had the distinct impression that profit ruled over giving the customer a good experience. 
It used to be a lot better, and unfortunately that old reputation means that it is very crowded. So you wait for mediocre food. 
We remembered this restaurant from another vacation years ago, found out that it was still run by the same family, but it did not live up to its former glory. It was really expensive for a family-run, picnic-table atmosphere restaurant, and the food was just ok. Not worth the nearly $400USD we paid to feed 6 people who didn't eat or drink much. 
I had dinner with friends: this taverna is overcrowded and too noisy. 
Gosh - my recent visit to Halepi took me back to the days when we'd holiday on Greek islands. 
People described this restaurant as one of the best restaurant in the town , I been there several time to prove to myself that I might be mistaken about this restaurant . When you go there , you would find certain level of people who are class and rich . You will find a very well know people and royal family members took pictures with the restaurant owners. Back to food, food is clean , big portion, but not that tasty. Staff are friendly and kind 
I visited on spec and got a seat just before they started turning customers away. Because its small and they're very busy they've put the tables very close together so that you feel like you've joined others for dinner - if you want space this is not the place for you at busy times. 
I visited Halepi for my boyfriends birthday with a party of 10. It was good fun and the food was nice, but it was expensive for what it was. The waiters were ok and the atmosphere was quite good. I had heard such rave reviews that I was expecting something special.  
This restaurant was within a block of our hotel & it was always packed so we tried it . Had to wait until 9:30 to get in without reservations , had the chicken souvlaki for 13 GBP. It was tasty but a bit dry, served with rice or potatoes. They don't serve tzatziki with it and wanted to charge 5 GBP, we talked them into just adding a bit on our plate which was great. The salad was not traditional & had greens in it, it was okay but again not great. They did serve some pita bread & olives before dinner, which in London seemed a bit rare. Service was very friendly and they didn't rush us between courses. 
 Had Kleftiko. Largish chunk of lamb in small amount of cooking juice. Very dry. Tasted more boiled than roasted. Lacking in that particular Kleftiko tasty juicy 'hit´. 
What keeps me coming back to Treviso is the food. Food is extremely tasty and authentic. 
Great food as always, we went on the eat out to help out last night and it was very busy. There wasn’t great social distancing or PPE really - I didn’t necessarily feel unsafe however as we sat outside but I would take more precautions going forward  
Totally average and quite bland. Couldn’t fault the service but this is not a tasty Italian where you could say you enjoyed the food. It’s a place where the food is quick, isn’t expensive and tastes ok.  
We'd been wanting to visit this French Brasserie which is situated in our neighbouring town of Elm Park after hearing some great feedback from friends about the quality of the food. We had also heard that the service which although is friendly could be better. Therefore with this in mind we decided to try it for a Sunday Lunch. So yesterday we took a 30 minute stroll to Elm Park to see for ourselves. When we entered we were greeted by owner Helen who just asked if we'd booked and when we said yes said that barring a couple of tables we could sit anywhere. I thought this was a bit strange as she didn't even ask for our name. Once seated we were then given the food and drinks menus to look at. The menu had a good selection of starters , a choice of four roasts as well as a selection of French main dishes. There were only two desserts plus the addition of a cheese course. We also at this stage had the chance to look around and considering this used to be a pie & mash shop the decoration was ok even though still quite basic. We ordered a large glass of the house red & white wine before making our food choices. 
No idea why this place gets such good reviews. Richmond does a great line in average restaurants, and this is another one. Our food came so quickly (under 5 mins from ordering) that there was no way that it was freshly cooked. Salmon tagliatelle was ok, but I could have made it at home. Chicken was warmed up, tiramisu was average. The atmosphere was buzzy, so we had fun but the food was meh. 
We visited here on Saturday as two couples. Food was disappointing I had chicken with mushrooms in cream sauce. It was the smallest butterfly chicken I have ever seen and the sauce was just neat cream no taste whatsoever none of the meals came with vegetables we had to pay extra to get them. They must have changed the chef, as we have eaten here before and it was quite good. We were left with a bill of £140 and felt cheated. I wouldn’t eat here again. The staff were nice but the owner was going around the restaurant without a mask. 
Great service .. very average food and therefore expensive for what it is. Tables and chairs reminded me of an old school  
A new restaurant in the area with a good selection of French Dishes and a good tenge of well priced wines in a comfortable atmosphere. Ambience is lacking and lighting needs adjustments to make the venue more congenial. Friendly and helpful staff. The Camembert was a delight as was steak tartare! 
The waitress was lovely, starters great but main meal not so nice. Sides missing, chicken with hardly any meat on. Wanted to like it to support a local business, but will not go again.  
I went to Primafila on a Saturday night with my boyfriend and the atmosphere is quite nice, very italian but the food has nothing italian to it. I found a little hair on my starter plate and the pasta was over cooked the sauce was watery and there was other types of pasta in my dish (I ordered spaghetti alla marinara and found a few penne in there). This place could please some English people but it’s not real italian food.  
The starter of Wild mushroom with garlic, thyme, cherry tomatoes on a crostini bread was ok, and the bread with olive oil was very good. However the Costata (Rib-eye steak) was poor quality meat and served well done, rather than medium, as requested. My cousin’s oven roasted chicken breast, roast new potatoes & mushroom fricassee was average. Small restaurant, nice ambience. 
I have visited The Italian Concept several evenings during the hot weather, as it has been a very pleasant atmosphere to sit outside. 
My first visit to Treviso in a group of four. Staff were attentive but it was not until we were ready to place our order that the owner (?) came over and told us about "the specials". His accent was very strong and it was difficult to understand what the specials were. I said why weren't we told of these when we were given the menu and why aren't they written down. He didn't answer. I also had to ask the price as none were mentioned by him. The starters were fine but my chicken breast seemed more wing than breast. The man with the heavy accent appeared just as I was finishing and said would I like another dish as there was no chicken breast. Bizarre. He offered me a free dessert but we decided to leave. Doubt if I'll be back. 
I usually find starters to be the most flavoursome dishes on an Indian menu, but I found our starters to be mediocre.  
Two of us for lunch. Table fine, seen straight away. though it could have been a bit warmer and I kept my coat on at first. 
Sad to say not as good as a few years back.Salad came predressed with mayo - 
Easy going place, with friendly service. Mango coconut lassi is awesome. Really interesting unconventional menu. Some dishes are a little on the oily side, like benga’s, but lentils damals and palak paneer are fabulous. Excellent garlic naan.  
Unfortunately not as good as last time we went! Although the staff were very polite and helpful the dishes too a long time to come and often forgotten. This was rectified by reduction of the bill , but perhaps more staff are needed on bustier evenings than usual?? Overall food was very good. Good selection of wines and whiskies 
Visited this restaurant for a friend's birthday dinner. As this is basically a steakhouse, the meal itself and the service was very good. It is more expensive than your usual steak particularly as you pay just for the steak and the sides do not come with the meal and had to be ordered separately. I had the Ribeye which was very good. Would probably come back for a special occasion meal. 
I was not convinced by the food. The staff are very good and compensate for the food. The portions are large so be careful what you order especially as you are encouraged to keep ordering.  
Ordered the Avocado stuffed with prawns. What arrived was half an avocado with the tinirst cheapest shrimps with Marie Rose sauce. Horrid. Dont order this if you like prawns. You won't get any. Then i ordered the seafood linguine. Did get one prawn. Rest just quite tasteless. Couldn't recommend either. I also think the furniture on the outside terrace could just be a bit more comfortable and pleasant to look at and sit in. For the prices they charge it was not a good visit at all. 
Appalling service by the DRINKS waiter. No greeting as we arrived just shown to a table. Our friend ordered a lager and it came - wasn't cold -'was giving a glass of ice and told to wait a few minutes then chuck the ice into the water jug and then use the glass - no apology for not having any cold lagers. My friend then refused it but at no point did the waiter ask him if he wanted to order something else. Have been to this restaurant before and have always enjoyed it but last night was embarrassing in front of our friends having recommended it. The food was generally good. Also the bill said at the bottom that gratuity had not been added when in fact it had !!!!!! 
We can for our first visit to Thymari on Greek Easter Sunday. The restaurant is small but not over crowded, the decor is modern and clean. The staff were very friendly and polite. 
I hoped that this restaurant would be similar to their one in Staines-upon-Thames which sadly closed last year. I used to enjoy their calves liver, but this was not on the menu. I found the choices very limited, 
Visited here for birthday celebration. Pleasant decor and surroundings. My wife & I ordered the Chateaubriand (420g), however the portion turned out to be on the small side with both of us only getting 2.5 small pieces each, the triple cooked chips were definitely not triple cooked, more like reheated small crispy fries, nothing like crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside, we also ordered a half lobster as a side which fortunately was cooked perfectly to lessen the blow of our main ... both our desserts were ok but I thought the 12.5% service charge on the bill was a bit much, overall I wouldn’t be rushing back ...  
We have been twice before and on busy saturday evenings and where blow away both times, came on saturday 31/8/19 for dinner and the reasturant was by no means full in fact it was the emptiest we had seen it. 
Visited this restaurant last Saturday (17th November) with 4 friends for a birthday celebration. It was recommended and the location was great. 
My daughter and I along with my 3 young grandchildren, came for Sunday lunch a couple of weeks ago. The reviews I’d read said how great the food was but I can’t say we were impressed. The service was good and the pub itself is nice but we found the food only average. The Yorkshire puddings for the children looked like Aunt Bessies, so I think they were frozen and they were served burnt and had to be returned. We all had roast beef but there was quite a lot of fat on there and the vegetables that were served separately were only luke warm. A real shame as we don’t get to go for Sunday lunch often as a family as it isn’t cheap so this was a treat, but unfortunately we won’t be back. 
Lots of great things, however let down by the basics. My starters were fantastic, purée Aubergine, calamari and HaloumI. However the wife had taramasalata, was rather tasteless. The Chicken Souvlaki, very tasty. Now I had King Prawns nice presentation, however cold. The owner was very apologetic and said they would reheat them, replace should have been the right answer. I ate them as they were. We purchased Champagne and pour it ourselves, after the first glass. That was a first, never purchased a quality Champagne and poured it myself. The desert was fantastic. The service barring the Champagne was good. 
This is the second week we decided to come here for lunch and see how it was this time... last week we both had a homemade Italian pizza which was pleasant, I tried the calamari starter which I wouldn’t recommend it was tasteless and hard. This week I had a salad which was nothing to write about, a cocktail that was a total disappointment... for the description and price my heart sank once I received it. The staff are not overly friendly and I can say I don’t really feel I will bother with a third visit.  
Ordered pizza to take away. Asked for extra garlic. Didn’t get it. Ham on pizza was very bad quality, cheapest from supermarket.  
Very pleasant decor, and attentive service. The pizza and pasta dishes are good standard fare - unexceptional but perfectly acceptable. The veal milanese on the other hand was overcooked and tasted of oil not veal. The Nero d'Avola was inky and rather coarse. 
I really do not understand the reviews on here, perhaps we had bad luck? 
I've been there 05 or 06 times. The place has a huge potential. The evening chef is amazing, food is tasty, much better than other expensive places in the area and the price is low. 5 stars to the gnocchi gorgonzola and to the salads. On the other hand, they really need to improve the deserts menu. Breakfast also has to be improved and the morning waiter could also be trained in Food Hygiene and Health and Safety. 
Three of us went for a pre-Christmas outing. Although I booked a table well in advance we were rather disappointed to be seated right next to the front door on a cold and windy night.  
This was our second visit to the resturaunt but unfortunately it was nothing like the first time we went. Though it wasn't as busy then and so that may have had something to do it. Nevertheless, this time around we were served the wrong starter and we had to repeatedly remind staff about the side dishes we ordered, as our orders were either forgotten about or served to another table. Prawns were served more or less cold and food was very average in comparison to the last time we visited. Not sure what happened on this occassion, but it definitely wasn't up to standard. 
The Ham and Cheese Panino was kind of average and what a ridiculous price for a can of Coke. 
So this place used to be impossible to get a table - not anymore.... I like the service and mmmmm decor terrible .... they do a mean steak, I do feel they do authentic Italian but I’m just not a fan. 
If I was to rate this restaurant and its food by colour it would be beige. 
Sorry folks, my friends and I (party of 8) came here last July on a Saturday at 8pm and told a 30 minute wait so we waited. After 30 minutes, 4 of the people said they were hungry and wanted food. after 45 minutes still no table, so we left. I cannot really review the food or the ambiance but the service killed this restaurant for us. Sorry. Better luck next time 
Popped in for a quick bite at lunchtime. Sausage sandwich was good except it came on white and not the brown bread ordered! Ham cheese & tomato panini was also good. Service ok, place small and well filled with seating. Pizza served at another table looked very tempting, will go back another time to try one. We felt our lunch was value for money, didn’t use bathroom facilities. 
Our family have visited this restaurant several times and have been fairly happy with the food and service. Tonight 7 of us went to celebrate a 76th birthday. 6 of the meals were good but Granddad (birthday boy) had ordered a pizza which looked very uninteresting and he did not enjoy it at all, leaving most of it. The waitress did not offer the usual olives etc. with the garlic bread, did not check back if we were happy with our meals, did not ask if we required more drinks. When she came to clear away Granddad said he did not enjoy his pizza and she merely asked if she should put in a box to take away! Then on the bill they added 10% service charge, my husband just paid if but I don't think we should have. Unfortunately we will not go back any time soon. 
I've had pizza at this place many times and have dined there on a few occasions. Originally from Naples, I truly LOVE pizza and I know a thing or two about how to make a good dough. At this place you will find good ingredients and friendly staff, but the dough is not easily digestible at all and pizzas are a bit too expensive in my opinion. Also, the amount of 'black' burnt parts in the base of the pizza are really too much - dangerously too much, I'd say. So, all in all, original Italian dishes, good ingredients, but expensive and not well risen pizzas. 
Went there for dinner with my husband. We are both italian and we decided to try this restaurant. We got the fish platter as a starter and then he ordered a pasta dish (pasta with clams) and I decided to get the "frittura di pesce". When the starter arrived I noticed that there were fried calamari on it so I asked the waiter if I could change my main but I was told it was too late. When the main arrived I tried my husband's one and it was really good, I could tell the pasta was home made. My frittura though was disgusting, I had to leave almost all of it on the plate! I eat just the calamari (not the best one I have had) but the cod was tasteless and the whitebait were purely horrible!! They smell and they were good just to go in the rubbish!! If I will come back I would rather have a pizza! 
If you went to the toilet first you wouldn't eat here! Food ok but jugding by the state of the toilet hygiene isn't a high priority. Such a shame as a nice little independent place, so would like to support this cafe but hygiene needs to be improved. 
Went to this eatery for lunch with my partner. Situated in a good place-just off main road which gives it a nice feel to those who dont want to sit in the middle of a busy restaurant yet can still people watch and chat away without being disturbed too much by back ground noise and other people. The actual eatery is tiny but like I mentioned, i rather prefer it to be more intimate.  
Evening meal with customers. 6 people. 
The interior looks very stylish after a recent refurbishment. The staff were very helpful and attentive. Food was typical Italian: it didn't stand out as being good or bad. It's a good option in Egham. 
My son thoroughly enjoyed the lobster but it was dry. Steak good but onlunif you like a strong chargrilled flavour. Beef dripping chips very good. One creme brulle was disappointing however the service excellent. 
Honestly I expected more from this place because I decided to eat here after the feedbacks I rode on TripAdvisor.  
Firstly, the owner is lovely. Keen to please and friendly. secondly our drinks were all a jumble.. found that amusing though. Food order was overall okay although one item was missing.... quality of food average. I had halloumi & pepper skewers, chips and small hummus for £14. (A lot for a bit of cheese) but that was the veggie option. The other dish was lamb. Good quality meat. The loukoumades dessert was great but the chocolate souffle was dreadful, flat, hard, unprofessional. It is a very difficult dessert to make. But my attempts at home are better. I did not complain, not sure why, at that point just wanted to pay and go. The place was very noisy. A large table next to us, seems the venue lacks insulation. So to summarise lovely staff...food average...desserts..only get the loukoumades. 
Came here for lunch on a Sunday - service was fast and efficient; food was good - we had garlic bread followed by ravioli and a pasta / chicken dish and everything was nice although nothing special. Puds were fried doughnuts and then ice-cream - again, nice enough (icecream was a scoop of vanilla, strawberry and chocolate....which sums the meal up really - nice but nothing with any real "wow" factor). It's got a cosy atmosphere....again, very nice, 
We returned to this restaurant for a second visit on Sunday 30th July 2017 with family to celebrate a birthday. Very disappointed, the Skate main course arrived at the table stone cold no heat to it at all it was taken back and reheated with just a sorry .Not nice at all. the steak was poor quality (on previous visit was fine) came with the wrong sauce, Main fish dish came with salad ordered vegetables. Staff very pleasant but did not know/understand when asked what beers they had. Had to wait for a second round asked in the end where it was. Pasta dish was not eatable. Shame will not be returning 
Popping in for a late lunch on Thursday with 3 friends we were welcomed warmly and seated quickly. The restaurant seemed busy and we were seated in the bar area below. We ordered a dish each - 2 pizzas, a ravioli and a taglietelli. The next contact from a different waiter just consisted of - 'who ordered pizza?'- and that was it. 
First time here. Nice place. Had garlic bread with cheese. Very large, very nice.  
Sunday evening visit. A traditional independent restaurant. Pizza, pasta or specials. Reasonable prices. Servers all friendly. 
Wife and I went to see the new revamped Cafe Gondola. So we went mid week and we greeted with a “have you booked” which I always find a negative greeting rather than “Evening how can we help” or something similar. Then we are seated and given a menu. The new decor is lovely and very clean and sharp. It also has a more cosier feel compared to before. We sat for at least 15 minutes before anyone came to take our order, even though waiters passed us and said someone will be with you ... they were not busy. Then we ordered and the main greeter took our order but still no smile and no eye contact as if we were not welcome... so food arrives and all ok... my folded pizza was nice but slightly cold inside but my wife loved her pasta dish. Price was good. I think with so many Italian restaurants in the area I expected more with service and quality and portion sizes.  
Good tasty food and lovely service. Surroundings not great and the floor was a bit greasy. Issue with one of the dishes which was dealt with sensitively in the end. 
Ordered a takeaway from this local favourite & had high hopes. Unfortunately this meal didn't really live up to the hype.  
Two of us . I had eggs Benedict , Michelle had the small fry up. The eggs benedict was on crumpets not muffins. Spoilt it for me. The rest was ok. Fry up did what it said on the tin. Waiters typical Italian, on the whole ok, will give them another try when I've forgotten about the crumpets. Ps to much salt on the mushrooms 
Food delicious, service good based on this recent visit (not good previous visit) just so very very noisy so be prepared. 
Oysters great, beef perfectly cooked, great wine, service from the owner great until she went home and left it to be run by the son, didnt get main meal cleared, didnt get offered a desert, asked for the bill, asked for coats, asked for the flowers my wife was given. 
My family and I came here for my husbands birthday, we’ve been meaning to try this place for a while as it’s local to us. Initial impressions, lovely bar area and decor, staff came across attentive & friendly. We ordered-some cocktails, which were really good. I had the prawn cocktail to start, which was nice.  
Asked for my favourate dish a seafood with spagetti, but requested an arrabatia sauce (spicey tomato), the first dish that came was as the dish normally is, without any heat to it at all, i went against my instincts and allowed the friendly waitress to take it back and get it recooked, this was a mistake! It felt like the chef was punishing me, it was smothered in chili oil, with half a jar of chilli flakes, certainly not arrabatia! I finished the dish, but felt ill after. Really sad because we have really enjoyed coming here in the past! 
Restaurant Has been taken over again - 2 weeks before ! 
I was recommended this restaurant by a friend and was looking forward to our dinner. The decor and the overall atmosphere were nice, the dry aged meat looked great in the fridge. I believe it was of good quality. Unfortunately the cooking let it down: I ordered my ribeye steak medium-rare but it was overcooked / medium-well. As a starter I had a Caesar salad, which was overloaded with bacon and one could not taste the salad at all. The fried salt and pepper squid lacked any seasoning, the tomatoes in the tomato salad had no taste. For the price level of our dinner the level of the cooking was inadequate. 
The typical case where you say "nothing particularely against it and nothing giving me a reason to go back". 
After reading so many great reviews we booked and went last night on what was probably the warmest evening so far. The first thing we noticed was a lack of air conditioning, just overhead fans and all front doors and French doors open. A warm greeting and we found what was a nice table for us. What I initially found surprising was all drinks were warm and loads of ice was needed., thus diluting any alcoholic drinks even more. Our starters were pretty bland with the tarrama lacking any real flavour. My wife enjoyed the fera and yoghurt mix. I was not impressed with the chicken cubes as they were overcooked. Chilli sauce was not served automatically. Overall 3 out of 4 of us were disappointed. A shame as it is a lovely place with a great team. Towards the end of the evening a few people started smoking on the outside deck and the smell was strongly drifting towards us. 
I have previously eaten at Thymari and loved it (I also reviewed it and gave it 5 stars). I recently visited with my husband and some friends and I was disappointed. 
Popped in for lunch and I must say the lighter bites or lunch specials seemed to have been given more care than the main course. In retrospect I should have gone for a chicken wrap or lighter bite scampi which looked much better. Separately the main course fish was only just about cooked and in my opinion could have done with a little extra. Service good and staff helpful.  
We had popped into to the Oak for a drink and was very impressed with how it had been re vamped, so we decided to try their Sunday Lunch , It took over 45 minutes before we got our order of roast beef and roast lamb which was okay but meat was a little on the tough side which and the gravy turned up as we were finishing the meal. 
Thought we would try this one as it was very good years ago, but was a little disappointed with the food. The staff were very good . I have visited many italian restaurant here and abroad and this one was very average. Also the decor is cheap and the chairs hard 
Always passed this place and decided to give it a try. The lady serving us was very friendly and attentive so service was very good. The only problem was with the food which was a little too salty and to be trueful I love my salt and always cook with it but it was just too much. Such a shame as the would have been top notch as the ingredients were fresh and good presentation. 
So... We had a delightful evening. A pricy evening but nice. 
Went there this bank holiday for 9pm and the ordered a cocktail, the waiter asked for our order and I asked for 5 more minutes but he said the kitchen was closing on orders soon so would need to hurry. 30 minutes later he was serving a new customer who come in, so initial impression is that I felt rushed. Then my Fillet steak was over cooked and was very dry. My partner said his meal was good. In all I felt that for the prices it was not good enough. We spent over £100 and felt rushed and I was disappointed that the steak didn't come out perfect, which you would expect for a restaurant so passionate about it. 
Good value and nice surroundings. Service ok but slightly annoying that all three meals were not brought at the same time. My pizza arrived some time after the other two meals. Food was fine. Good parking space. Would go again but service needs to be better - we asked questions about the menu but the waitress was unable to answer . Not good. 
Nice decor and cosy place, small portions, curry dish just about suitable for one person. Would need to order 3 dishes plus condiments for a 2 people visit.  
We usually eat at the Hawksmoor steak house in London. This restaurant had a similar menu so thought we would try it for a birthday dinner. Very disappointed in the quality of food. Chateau briand was tough and grisly in places. Triple cooked Chips were not particularly nice, lobster was cooked ok but wasn’t much of it and it tasted very salty?. Cocktails, wine and dessert were good, but overall very expensive for food that didn’t live up to expectations. Back to the Hawksmoor for us! 
Nice atmosphere, and clearly busy with a regular clientele. 
Lovely, cosy pub and helpful staff but food was, overall, disappointing.  
The food is rather good and traditional, as served in India. Starter was served rather fast but we had to wait for ages to get the main courses. Some of the dishes and drinks were forgotten by the waiters. 
We came here last night for a curry after having been to a panto. I had to call someone over after about 5 minutes to order drinks, as no one came over to ask. Curry came quickly after poppadoms (sauce selection v bland and disappointing) and was very tasty! Took a long time to clear plates from poppadoms and mains, had to call someone to get the bill too. Basically we were just ignored (which I get some people prefer) but I felt as if the staff just didn’t care at all. I would only come back for the 241 deal they offer on Meerkat Meals, and even then I’d try a different curry house first.  
Visited Rangrez whilst in area attending a concert , service was quick & food brought out after just a few minutes. There wasn't a huge choice in the menu, we opted for onion bhaji and meat momos, these were really nice , then we had chicken tikka, lamb biryani , pilau rice and plain naan washed down with Indian lager  
I was really looking forward to this lunch as I love meat. Sadly, my expectations were not met. The service was poor which was a surprise as 12.5% is automatically added to your bill as a service charge. 
After writing my previous review, we've since been back twice (making three times in all) and sadly, the Italian Concept hasn't lived up to its initial promise. 
Potli restaurant offers good food, a pretty decent variety and the service staff is nice too! 
An average slightly up Indian - NEGATIVE was - 
Four of us ate here last Saturday. I rate the food as good - it is a little fussy, but well cooked and presented. The staff are friendly, and I enjoyed the fact that they reminded us of what we had ordered when it arrived (you needed a good memory to remember the details). 
I had to ask after quite a while after arriving if someone would be able to take our order. It was a special birthday meal but it felt anything other than special. 
Having visited several Indian restaurants in London in the past 15 years I would say this was an average visit.  
The owners of this pub have spent a lot of money doing it up,so in a way they are entitled to charge more for both food & drink. Food is quite good but slightly on the expensive side for what you get. Puds and drinks were on the dear side. Staff were friendly enough.but i would say one of the bar staff failed to find the end of the q when brain cells were being dished out. Would return here but not to often. 
I have visited the Oak on several occaisons both for mid week, sunday lunch and on a quiz night. On all occaisons, we have left satisfied. The beer garden is very pleasant on a sunny day and the service is usually on point. There is a wide selection to choose from on the menu. I would recommend the Oak Burger. It has a nice atmosphere when it is busy. Fine for casual eats. We will be going back no doubt. You just have to make sure you time it carefully as we have been caught out before not realising the kitchen was closed! 
The pub is stylishly done out and the staff were very attentive. The food was ok. Nothing bad about it but not exceptional. Would go again but not the visit would not be driven by eating there.  
The food was good and worth the visit. The bill was faulty in favour of the restaurant. Three times the bill was recalculated all wrong and all in favour of the restaurant. When I suggested we pay less than we owe the bill was instantly recalculated to ensure they didn't lose out. 
We chose to visit this restaurant as a little treat for New Years Eve, good location and lovely restaurant. The Steak was nice but wouldn't say it was worth that price. The onion bloomer looked and tasted amazing. Wasn't told or read anything about the service charge automatically being added on. Wouldn't rush back. 
Nice atmosphere. We ordered poppadoms and it came with three separate chutneys and one Serving spoon..Food was very bland, despite asking for it to be hot and spicy. We had to keep asking for serving spoons. This restaurant is very close to Hammersmith Apollo. 
Maybe this restaurant is dear because of its location to the theatre but we wandered in off the street over the weekend with no preconceptions. 
Went with a friend we had not booked gad a long wait initiallt 20 mins then turned into 45 minutes . I would gave left earlier bur my friend wanted to stay as she had excellent reviews about it.  
I took my daughter and her boyfriend here last Saturday evening and we were immediately shown to a tiny table for two in the basement part of the restaurant,right next to the kitchen.It was overpoweringly hot and humid and I requested a change of table but the waiter/manager never came back with any other option.It was full. 
We ate here a few months ago, not too long after it had changed from The Village Bar and Grill. Waitresses were young, but courteous and attentive. We had various starters which were OK, but the main meals were not so good. My wife ordered strips of beef in a sauce which was quite inedible. We asked them why it tasted so bad but they explained that was how it should taste!? I had a steak which arrived with what looked like a bunch of undercooked Macdonalds type string chips and a slice of limp lettuce on which sat a thin slice of tomato - apparently this was a side salad. 
This restaurant has a great atmosphere, nice bar area and a great choice of food and drinks. The waiter that served us was excellent and made some recommendations which we followed. Unfortunately the steak wasn’t quite up to the standard I was hoping. I would try it again as I feel we were just a bit unlucky... 
My husband and I visited this restaurant based on what we’d read on trip-advisor and so I have to say I expected an excellent meal. However the food was “ok”, the service was not that great and so I would not rush back. 
Decided to dine in with a friend as was staying in the area on business. 
8pm on Saturday night and I thought this restaurant would be busier given the good reviews on Trip Advisor. The food was ok, nothing special. Slightly over salted for my taste. Service was slow given the amount of diners. Hugely overpriced compared to what I would pay ‘up North’ for far superior food and service. Disappointed given the good reviews on here 
We made a last minute decision to have a Sunday night curry at Rangrez. Our friends had often talked about how much they enjoy it so we thought we would give it a try. We arrived and found two other tables occupied (I.e not busy) and were waiting an unusual amount of time to be acknowledged and seated. It took a further 10/15 mins for them to take our order. We found this strange, as there was 2 x waiting staff and 3 occupied tables.  
After watching the TV Show with Alex Polizzi we were expecting a great indian experience as described by their passionate owners. It is unfortunate but it was a disappointing food experience. Bland food and no atmosphere 
We went with a group of friends. The place is nice and decorated and the starters are very good. 
My friend and I stopped at this little place spur of the moment and was pleasently surprised when inside. The food was ok I had a carbona and found it very oily but it was ok .my friend had the meatballs and said they were delicious . We both thought the garlic bread a bit dry. Customer service was really good and the waiting staff very attentive .  
Was recommended by a friend, who knows how much of a foodie I am. Good decor and atmosphere, was half full. Service was good , however apart from the starter Samosa chaat,which was good but not great, the main chicken handi masala had rather too much tomatoes and didn't taste of a traditional masala curry. Saw the press reviews on the window, so expected better. To be honest I prefer Shilpa, ( just further down the road). 
Overall good food and service. But below expectations compared to the TA reviews. Ambiance is good. Menu needs more variety. 
Went for an early evening meal on my own. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. I had meat samosa, chicken saag and plain nan and a glass of wine. Food was ok. Saag was pureed which was odd. Portions were quite small (for a big lad) and bill was relatively steep. So not the best VFM. 
This is a nice restaurant with good and pretty attentive staff, and we enjoyed most of the food we ate. I was pretty disappointed with the chicken saag though. I was expecting a nice blend of spinach, tomato and wider sauce but all I received was some chunks of chicken with spinach on top. A surprise and a shame. Still, I hope there are other good dishes they do, as this is a nice restaurant in a convenient place.  
We live locally and after seeing some good reviews , we went with family and friends visiting. I thought the restaurant was cold and not particularly nice but maybe that's because they sat us right at the back...The food was average to be honest. The steak was just OK but the sides were not nice at all. As a keen traveler and foodie, I often judge the restaurant by the quality of bread they give you- it says a lot about the place! There, they brought us old, chewy loaf boring bread 
I went here with my sister last Saturday evening for dinner.  
So we were drawn in by the menu and the decor of meat at the parish. We'd never been to Windsor before so relied on trip advisor reviews in choosing this meal. The restaurant was busy but the staff were friendly and attentive. We had a soft shell crab to start which was, sadly distinctly average. My sirloin was lovely, well cooked and flavoured if a little fatty. My beef dripping chips however weren't great and were more like wedges without a great deal of flavour. The garlic mushrooms on the side were divine however and made up for the pointless chimichuri sauce which I'd avoid in the future. The wife's ribeye was apparently too fatty to eat and she was disappointed. Considering the cost I had high hopes of this restaurant and was a little disappointed. Steak and chips should be simple and awesome. This was expensive and a bit disappointing.  
My wife and I had lunch here today, our first visit. 
Not our week for good steaks. After reading reviews chose to come here for what we expected would be a good Argentinian steak. As always steaks ordered Med/Rare. Rib on the bone over cooked so had to be sent back. New one arrived as ordered, nice enough flavour but selling themselves as a steak restaurant chef does not know how to cut up meat correctly to ensure it is not tough. As it cost over £50 would have expected a lot more, attention to how it was cooked being the priority. Rib-eye was strangely cooked half side Med and half rare but fine, no real beef flavour. Naturally, one of us had finished by the time the new steak arrived but they did offer fresh chips if wanted. A £140 bill, not even a side order taken off as an apology, not that we were after anything free, just shows good will. Another restaurant in a busy area so probably not concerned for repeat business. Would not recommend. Staff are friendly. 
Came a few months ago. Service okay.... not the best at times. Bit of a grumpy waiter. Food seemed overpriced when we looked at the menu, but were assured the produce and quality were worth it from the waiter. 
We went here the day before Mother’s Day with both sets of parents (all in their 70s). We had a nice table by the window although slightly noisy next to the bar when the coffee machine was being operated. 
we came here for the first time to celebrate the birthday of my father in law. First impressions was the staff were friendly and there was a nice atmosphere. 
This is a different experience as it is like a mobile home building so doesn't have a very classy atmosphere but the food was good and the staff were very friendly. It was obviously very popular and had long opening hours.It is a family concern 
We went for dinner on Friday night, the restaurant was about a quarter full. 
We are regulars at this restaurant since it opened. The last 3-4 times we have visited we have noticed some of the food not as good as usual and some portions are smaller. The Prawn and smoked salmon cocktail was swamped with a watery sauce with no bread to accompany and at £10.50 was over priced. The spaghetti carbonara was over flavoured with bacon. At the end of the meal they only brought out 2 shots there were 5 of us! We did not receive bread to a company some dishes which we had before. Also all 4 dishes came out together but the 5th we waited 5 minutes for. 
Truthfully, I found this place mystifying. Why? Three of us ordered food. Two of the plates were great but one was cold and bland. The service too was erratic: why ask a 53 year old customer if their 59 year old friend is their dad? Weird! 
Me and my partner visit the place as we fancied Greek cuisine, 
We were greeted warmly and our order taken promptly. We chose the full meze. 
Found and booked this on buyagift,food ok but the rice seemed like shop bought,the deal included a glass of wine each i declined mine for a coke and they actually charged me for it !!,would have scored higher but they only seemed interested in charging us for sides which werent included in the deal,not worth the money unfortunately!! 
Went with a friend, menu online different from one in restaurant, however choices were better. My friend enjoyed her veal meal. I had an issue with too many rosemary sprigs in sauce for lamb dish and runny creme brulee dessert. However after speaking with staff these were resolved at the end of the meal. Overall nice visit. 
Lovely food and excellent waitress called Emily.However this was the second time we have noticed customers drinking to clear excess and the staff keep serving them more!!...it’s a real shame  
Decor, food and service was very nice , but felt very uncomfortable that staff who served us didn't wear their masks over their noses. This completely defeats the point of wearing a mask, and they kept leaning in very close to our faces. I've been to a few restaurants in covid times and have always felt comfortable, so was quite disappointed. 
Typical Italian menu and good quality food. Service was friendly but a shade overbearing at times but some may like that. My daughter didn't appreciate the waiter saying she shouldn't have orange juice due to the sugar content... also mistakes with the bill but a fine example none the less.  
Lovely new restaurant, great interior, service was very efficient and the Malbec was fab.. 
This is a nice relaxed pub, friendly vibe, large garden & quirky decor with many items for sale. The food I've eaten here has always been great, however the last couple of visits the wait has been over an hour. On the last visit we had family over who’d travelled a long way, and we’d booked a table to treat them to Sunday roast there. After we’d been seated and served drinks we were told that the food would be one and a half hours as 10 people that hadn't booked were being cooked for first, we ended up having to find somewhere else which was disappointing 
We had prebooked, but the restaurant very busy. They were accepting walk ins to wait for tables to become free too. 
Went last year for 5 nights in a row to Maurizio barca in august. rated it as excellent 5 stars for pizzas and the tiramasu. However this year very dissappointed after being spoilt last year. Runny and burnt pizzas. Potatoes were very good and that was the highlight of the visit.No choice of sweets as everything apart from ice cream unavailable. Tiramasu only one portion on the monday and virtually no choice other than ice cream on the tuesday night.Decided to go elsewhere on the wednesday and thursday night. Service not so good as last year and had to wait to long between courses. if in that area again not sure i would return there again. 
I think it is a lovely place lovely food Lovely atmosphere But service it is too slow and also But I had a Lovely time ....... 
This is not a big restaurant and bookings are a must. The service at Poltli is very attentive maybe more than necessary as we were asked probably six times if everything is OK. The restaurant is very clean with simple but tasteful decor. Bar area from which food and drinks are served does have some seating for those waiting for a table. I could give a four star rating but for one thing which drives me crazy about many Indian restaurants - the sauces. We had three vegetable dishes and instead of being unique the sauces were all the same flavours - only the main ingredient was changed. Furthermore the okra was dried out and not at all tasty - only added to that same sauce and called an okra dish. This may be harsh of me as the entrées or tapas were very good. The tandoor chicken was great though the lamb was over cooked and obviously prepared in advance - we had an early reservation. Overall this is a great restaurant though I wish they can make the dishes and sauces more individual instead of the underlying flavours all being the same.  
The breakfast came very quick, and the food was ok. Bacon nice and crispy. Didn't like the way the waitress gave a sob story about how they only receive a small portion of the service charge and asked us to tip more on top of that. We're not made of money and eating out is already very expensive. 
Service is a bit confused. They missed one main meal, also we had to ask for bread for our starter four times.  
Tried the lunch menu today with friends. The restaurant had only 2 other people apart from us. Good service with fairly tasty pizzas. Good house wine. Will try the normal menu soon. 
Come here of the choice of friends, looks ok but unfortunately the restaurant did not seem to flow. The staff were nice but it was difficult to understand them, it was it was very noisy the food is substandard I think they tried but I wouldn’t be going there again 
Visited this restaurant for dinner but unfortunately they had a very big group at the restaurant at the same time. This meant that there was a lot of noise and service was slow. The food however is good, portions are generous and the staff are friendly. Good value so I will try it again and hope for a quieter evening ... 
The first time we went to this restaurant we thoroughly enjoyed the food and the service was great.  
The service was dire...... We had to wait 50 minutes just for taramasalata and humous, OK it was very nice when it came but the wait was ridiculous, I did find it odd they had the TV on showing Saturday night TV, if you wanted to watch TV you would stay home. The quality of the food overall was good but the service was so dreadful, there was enough waiting staff on, but nobody seemed to know what was going on, they didn't seem to communicate with each other...... Doubt if we will return, after reading reviews we thought it was going to be a really good night. 
The food was good except for the for Sesame chilli paneer which was sweet and there was really nothing chilli about it. Also the panipuri didn’t taste at all like panipuri. Other than that the main courses we ordered were good. The restaurant is a bit congested with no space to move around and if you move your hands a bit too much you might just bump into the person sitting on the next table. Other than that the ambience was nice and charming. Price of the food was reasonable.  
Am a little baffled by the flowing reviews people have left for this restaurant as my recent experience was very average to say the least especially the food which I found to be bland and uninspiring.  
Have eaten three times at this restaurant the food is well cooked ,served and delivered by a smiling staff , But The tables are sticky, the salt and pepper pots are always sticky to pick up . When it gets full you will have to shout to your guests to be heard . 
Went with group pre England rugby match. Service mixed, from excellent to ignoring us. Food average. Various burgers, all day breakfast, fish finger sandwiches consumed. OK, but simple things wrong, like lukewarm and limp chips etc. Second trip to separate Bills in last few weeks where there has been poor delivery and standards have slipped. Won’t rush back to this chain, something not right 
Pretty good Indian restaurant. Tasty food, large portions although their chilli is a little sharp for my taste. Would of been a 4 had it not been for that. Good lasse. Would eat their again.  
We thought we'd try something new and the reviews seemed to suggest we'd been missing out so we gave Meat At The Parish a try! A really warm welcome from everyone and the place has a really nice feel about it so I was looking forward to the food!  
after reading quite a bit about this restaurant i decided to try it for myself. i did love the spinach paneer, beautiful fresh spices. i was slightly disappointed tho by the tandoori chicken, I thought it didn't feel marinaded long enough as tandoori sauce was noticably dried on top. The rice could have been more frangrant too. But I can ssay you must try the spinach paneer. reasonably priced. 
If I was marking this restaurant on food it would get 5/5. Lovely clean fresh flavours with real depth and meat cooked to perfection. Service was poor. Food thrown at you without even a greeting and a lady taking your order who would obviously rather be somewhere else. Gutted, having looked forward to being here, having seen the management on TV. Being looked after is important too.  
My partner and I were intrigued by this restaurant after watching the show on BBC. We went on a Sunday night, the place was fairly busy, but luckily we were given a table. My partner and I are both are Indian and are always on the lookout for Indian restaurants that serve original cuisine. Having looked at the menu, they still had the safe “usual” dishes, (which we avoided). We did get a cocktail of Mojito and a tamarind margarita – both underwhelming and I definitely wouldn’t recommend them. For starters we had the Patrani Prawns and the Chaat, both were absolutely delicious. So we were excited for the main. We had the venison laal maas and another prawn dish (which I cannot recall the name of) both were delicious as were the accompaniments of the tandoori Roti and Naan. However, I did find a hair in my venison. This is where I was absolutely disappointed. The service in this place is so impersonal and it’s so hard to get the attention of any of the staff, they are pushy in getting your orders, but once the food is served you are pretty much ignored. Anyway when our plates were being cleared up, I informed the waitress that there was hair in my venison dish to which she replied “these things happen in kitchens!” I was absolutely shocked and disgusted by her response. I told her that these things shouldn’t happen if the right hygiene measures were taken! She was so rude and nonchalant about the whole thing and came back offering us a free tea or coffee! I was so insulted by the gesture and frankly this ruined our experience. The food was good, the service is rubbish. Having considered our experience (I normally can oversee bad service if food is excellent) I would never go back. There are much better Indian restaurants in London, cheaper and better food and service. 
I was here for a Christmas dinner a couple of weekends ago. Having placed our orders in advance the service was very slow and the food left a lot to be desired. The roast potatoes tasted like they were from frozen in a packet, my fish was over cooked and the sticky toffee Christmas pudding was bone dry.  
The food in this restaurant is some of the best I've had for ages. Being vegetarian I sometimes find the options a bit repetitive but the menu here was unique and the food was delicious. BUT the service was just not good at all. Potli is not a big restaurant and there were plenty of staff on but they didn't seem to be achieving much. Actually I did notice that there were a lot of deliveries going out, so perhaps these were being prioritised. As well as the service being slow, a couple of the staff were really not particularly friendly. They weren't exactly rude but just not welcoming, or smiley, or helpful. Perhaps we caught them on a bad night. Or perhaps not... 
Enjoyed the service and ambience.  
I was there with work for a colleague's leaving meal/drinks. Inside it looks great, very professional and nice staff, but personally the food wasn't amazing. To be clear, it wasn't bad at all, nice food, but with the prices being charged I was expecting more. 
A strange one this, the poppadum options were poor. ‘Mini’ (shop bought?) poppadums with a weird selection of the normal pickles/raitas etc. No onions, no lime pickle? 
I've been here about 3 times before going to see something at the Apollo. The atmosphere is cosy and the food is really really good... However, the lady who i believe may run the restaurant is very lacking in customer service skills. Felt like she was rushing our orders etc, didn't really react when we thanked her on the way out - which i think is just common courtesy.  
Location and decor very good. Food however not good value and not particularly inspiring. Limp vegetables, very small dry portion of fish, minute steak dried up. Dessert ok. However waiter/waitress service quite vague and particularly did not like being told Bill's Beer was Lager and having to catch waiter's attention all the time. 
Looked on TripAdvisor for somewhere to eat this evening. Fell upon this new restaurant, read the good reviews and dropped in. Very nice reception, though booked we got a table. Staff smart n well mannered, attentive etc. The decor is great, fantastic atmosphere. Menu is meat and fish, bodes well for our tastes. Had fantastic steak with 3 times fried chips, really good. The lobster unfortunately was too small for the price and too much garlic. Nice cheese board. Wine selection great but overall the VFM too much for what you get, it's basically a bistro struggling to impress in Windsor. Could have gone elsewhere for better food for less cost. Sorry not coming back.  
Whilst awaiting a concert at the Apollo we are generally keen to have a good meal. This restaurant is very close and welcoming. The food however, was somewhat disappointing. My wife's biryani contained rather more whole spices than rice and she was constantly picking out cardamum pods. My chicken was overcooked and a bit dry. As others have commented the mini-poppadoms had a rather strange spice on them and the chutneys were not memorable. 
About as far removed from the many chain restaurants that proliferate London as can be. A teenager was doing her homework at the back of the restaurant when we arrived early, and the chairs we sat on appeared to be upholstered at home, along with home-made cushions. 
An interesting menu with good street food options for starters. Best dish is the Bbq chicken done three ways. Lamb chops were raw and had to be sent back. The curries were not upto the mark which was disappointing. Nan bread was good. Overall it is a bit pretentious for an Indian and overpriced.  
Went for a mid week family meal and we were looking forward to a really great steak. When they advertise hand cut steak and sell by the weight you know you probably going to get a good example of a steak. We order only 3 starters as one of the group opt'd for the 1/2kg bone in rib eye, two fillets of beer and a sirloin followed. The bone in rib eye arrived and was presented already sliced into strips, no idea why my food was pre cut and to be honest I was a little bit put off by it. The steak was clearly aged as it was vey dry, even though it was medium rare.. The other steaks were fine, we were somewhat underwhelmed by the whole experience and didn't feel we got value for money. At over £50 per head for 3 starters and 4 mains and no deserts and only water and 2 beers, it was priced for the tourists and not locals. Sadly we won't be back as local regulars.  
Stopped for celebrated Sunday lunch with family. Great portion sizes and very friendly staff. Not a lot of room inside however and quite deafening for a normal conversation . Quirky vibe on the decor with a cinema / antique theme many of which are for sale. Not bad but more of a boozer than a gastropub.  
After an busy day at Legoland, not being Windsor natives and liking a bit of pub grub, we searched trusty Trip Advisor for somewhere to eat and thought we'd struck gold with The Alma. Reviews - great! Write-ups - very favourable! Pictures- tempting! Phoned for a table which was no problem, got there at 5.30pm. Had a nightmare parking (lulled into a false sense of security by someone else asking this question and being told it's usually fine....it's wasn't) but didn't mind too much in anticipation of the feast in store. Walked in to not much interest from the staff but they did ask if they could help, said we had a reservation and we were directed to a table where we were promptly ignored until we asked someone for a menu. The menu itself was slightly limited, the children's especially so, but our offspring did take the healthy option (much to our surprise) of pesto pasta. We also ordered the chilli and a burger. Didn't really know the form on ordering as no one said when we came in or asked for the menus (in truth it could've been on them - we may have missed?), but turned out it was just at the bar as we thought, which was fine. The pub itself was comfortably busy, obviously had a few regulars in, decor was pleasantly interesting and the garden was very nice. However, not many people eating so not really sure if 35-40minutes to actually receive the food was really justifiable? On to the food: the chilli: superb, very tasty, attractively presented and a hit all round. The burger: massive but average. The chips: apparently twice cooked and that was at least once too much, little, dark slices of potato, which granted were surprising moreish if the 90 to 10 ratio of grease to potato didn't put you off. However the pesto pasta was the big disappointment: not pesto at all but some sort of creamy sauce which was so salty we were surprised not to see a crystallised rock formation at the bottom of the bowl. This may seem a harsh comment but our child couldn't actually eat it. The Alma is obviously a local pub with a recognised clientele, the staff were fine but we did feel slightly like the outsiders and had no inclination to stay beyond our meal. 
We picked here due to other reviews. Very disappointed with the price and food. The place is nicely decorated and the staff ok however, the portions are on the small side and not tasty. Average meal and I have no idea how they can charge over £3 for a few very small poppadoms and tiny amount of sauces. We are used to have these free in other restaurants. The wine was served warm and the ice bucket did not help. The main meals were average and one roti was over £2.00. Overall a disappointing experience. We feel they are cashing in on past reviews and proximity to Hammersmith Odeon. 
We had a booking for Valentine's Day and when we arrived, they immediately sat us down, but we didn't receive a menu for 15 minutes. During this wait, we saw other tables, of which were seated after us, receiving the menu. We eventually had to ask the waiter for it. One ordered, the starter arrived fairly quickly and was nice. The mains, however, took 1 hour to come for two small dishes of pasta! My girlfriend didn't have a starter, so she had nothing to eat (apart from some bread) during this long period. Finally, the mains arrived - this was mainly because a waiter, named Domenico, was very attentive of the tables and saw us waiting. Domenico was nice and very helpful and brought us the food quickly. When we received the bill and saw the £4.00 service charge, we requested that this charge would go directly to Domenico - not the other waiters that had served us prior. Overall, the service was poor and the food is overpriced. However, the music and atmosphere was nice. 
Great location,nice decor situated on Richmond Bridge. 
A proper local pub with proper pub grub. If you want a relaxed, unpretentious night down the pub with good food, this is the place to check out. The food is huge in portion and not designed to look fancy but taste great. With most dishes coming with a literal pile of chips you’re not going to leave here hungry. We tried the fish and chips, scampi and a steak sandwich and they left us all more than satisfied.  
Nothing bad . Capriccio was really good and for main course had the lamb cutlets . All very nice but the bill was more than the food is worth . Also if you don't like steak you will struggle. I probably will go back but it won't be a regular visit 
The first time we went it was excellent last night was average which makes the evening overpriced. 
Booked for a birthday lunch based on reviews on trip advisor. Have to say slightly disappointed. The table we were given barely sat 7 people even though there was plenty of room as the restaurant was empty. Starters were average, however the bread in the bruschetta was not nice at all. The mains again were hit and miss, the liver was enjoyed although the amount of gravy was slightly off putting, the day's special of tagliatelle with fillet steak was very poor. It was not fillet steak and massively over cooked also the Zero Quattro salad was poor but the desserts were very nice.The front of house staff were very friendly and went out of their way to help us celebrate husband's birthday. Also I felt the prices were too high for what we had and the type of restaurant. 
We were due at a gig up the road at Nell’s, and needed to eat. This place had a decent overall ranking. Very quiet, although it was only around 6:30pm. I ordered the Scialatelli Allo Scoglio, and my wife had a Margherita pizza. Neither were particularly memorable to be honest. Admittedly, I was ignorant as to the type of pasta, and would have preferred “normal” spaghetti. The pizza, whilst fairly tasty, was a bit “wet” in the middle. I then had a couple of scoops of ice cream to finish. Including a beer, a glass of red, and a couple of soft drinks, and service charge, the bill came in at just under £50. Not outrageous, but not really worth more than an average rating. 
We ended up here as our first two choices were closed for refurbishment. We were pleasantly surprised. The waiter was very welcoming, to some extent annoyingly so. The service was attentive though and the food tasty. It is your typical Italian restaurant and does what you would expect without any frills. The prices are reasonable. 
The decor attracted myself and a couple of colleagues into MATP recently and we weren't disappointed. The starters were pretty good but not special. There was an excellent selection of beef which the staff were happy to explain and show to us. We opted for the 800g chateaubriand from the butchers block which the chef cooked to two temperatures due to our mixed taste; medium rare and medium. I've had better but it was very good. The selection of sides were all very good and the staff were friendly and attentive. The deserts were good but nothing to write home about. 
This was our first visit and we went for lunch. Lobster was on the menu but sadly there was only one portion left so we decided to have the lunch express menu and both had Tiger Prawns with garlic & chilli served with mixed salad. This was more a garnish than a salad . The prawns were ok but rather a non event - certainly rather bland.  
We went Friday 31st July. They are obviously still getting the hang of Covid so the service was a bit hit and miss - and ordering through an App is a PITA. 
Having heard great things, we booked in for a family birthday lunch. Environment, staff and drinks were very good, starters looked fantastic and great flavours.  
The Alma was recommended by one of the friends we went with as a late Sunday lunch. Parking is not brilliant as mostly permit holders but Its about a 15 minute walk from the station which was good as you need to walk off the portions! Please note this is not a quiet pub where you can dine in peace, in fact we had to shout across the table and I was getting knocked about as my seat was next to the door! We all had roasts which were huge plates of meat and about 4 Yorkshires (Aunt Bessies unfortunately) It was cheap enough, without drinks £53 for 4 people but wouldn't visit again. 
Thought I'd give this place another try. Ordered a takeaway this time. The naan bread is still excellent however I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh and it was one the most oiley curry I've ever seen. I had to pour most of it in the sink and throw most of it away as we just couldn't face to it eat. Funningly enough on the receipt it said "not much oil" which wasn't even at my request so they must know something is wrong with the chef cooking it! It is expensive for a takeaway (£30 for two curry dishes, 1 rice and 2 naan) 
Nice find and the food was tasty. Good menu with lots of choice. Felt the male owner was interested in educating customers about authentic Indian food and he did it in a kind and passionate way and offered alternatives. Wish we'd spoken to him before ordering food as he would have assisted us more in getting what we wanted.  
Excellent Food and compliments to the chef, but service definitely need polishing. 
We went there for an evening meal. The waiter came quickly to ask for drinks. However the white wine we ordered was room temperature and when I mentioned it wasn't cold, can I get some ice, the waiter didn't apologise but did bring ice. So I ended up with a splitzer! 
Visited for a late lunch on a Sunday and were met by very friendly waiting staff who couldn't have been more accommodating and friendly. Menu looked good with interesting specials. 
I just don't understand Zero Quattro. Food is good but pretty expensive and I totally don't understand the wine list at all. I hope they have changed it as it is so long, too much information and, even for someone who drinks a lot of wine, totally illegible. I really hope someone gives the owner some good direction... It could really be good without a lot change.. 
Four of us for a lunch. One of the friends used to use years ago. Nice decor and a real fire. Just right for a wet day. Staff efficient and nice. Choose from lunch menu cheaper range, 2 of us had starters. French onion soup good, mushrooms with Stilton ok. My main course was fish and chips but thin piece of fish not good at all. No taste at all. Friends had scampi which they said was OK. Overall disappointed. 
Met with family and friends for lunch. 3 soft drinks alone came to over £9! Food distinctly average... I've had better for less. 
Very good steak but it is way too expensive. A small ribeye £31 + 2.50 for a sauce + 3.50 chips +3.25 veg. Over £40 for steak and chips ! That's London prices and it's no Hawksmore.  
An average pub though nowhere near as busy as it used to be. 
Visited Christmas day, 15:00 booking and seated just before. Holly was our server, by 15:50 no one had been to our table, I spoke with Andy who was very helpful and apologised, complimentary bottle of wine for the wait and the fact the table had not bees set correctly, no crackers and candle not lt. Holly arrives, my pre-booked choice of starter not available. Choose a different one and the food was OK, asked for more gravy, 10 mins later Holly is at the table next to her so I asked how long it would be, he face showed it was clear she had forgotten. Holly is in the wrong job, Andy did all he could to make amends. 
This was our first visit after the refurbishment and we were very impressed. We decided to eat in the bar area rather than the restaurant. We ordered a shared Camembert to start followed by sirloin steak and hake. 20 minutes later we were told they had run out of Camembert so we ordered Calamari and scallops. There was a bit of a wait and when they finally came the calamari there was just 2 normal size rings and 1 small one with a pot of dip and some pea shoots. The scallops consisted of 4 very small pieces with some tiny pieces of chorizo and a generous helping of rocket.  
Food arrived in batches. Roast dinners just ok, for some reason 4 Yorkshire puds on each one, way too many. Lamb was fatty although apparently the beef was better. The chairs are all falling apart, many have holes in them. The tables too aren't stable. This is obviously a local pub and popular with families but the food isn't brilliant.  
Good staff and atmosphere however the food took a very long time to come out. The vegan beetroot Wellington was over seasoned with pepper and the sorbet dessert had melted by the time it got to the table. We also requested vegan petit fours but didn’t get those either. Just a few bits of cheese and a mince pie in some takeaway boxes. 
Food served was very poor, waited far to long to receive meal after ordering, this was l believe, lack of staff.  
Potential to be a great new independent restaurant but at the moment it is over priced for the quality.  
This is a new place where the Green Olive used to be. Fantastic to see an independent restaurant start up and with good quality produce. You feel a lot of investment and effort has gone in so really hope it is a success.  
If you're after good Indian food in Hammersmith give this place a go. The restaurants nice with a good atmosphere and the food is fantastic. The only reason I give it 3 stars is because the toilets (which are next to the kitchen) are a disgrace.  
Prices suggest a high end meal, which isn't delivered. The gnocchi and the swordfish starters were too cheesy and fishy respectively. The beef and veal mains were ok, but at this price should be better - £85 for a meal for two with wine and one dessert. As I said, not good enough. And that ignores being cracked on the back of my head by a passing - what? Plate? Pizza stone? Only the server knows. But saying sorry is not enough. A comped course should have been offered. 
My daughter, grandson and I had lunch on Mother's Day at Zero Quattro. Surprisingly it was not too busy. Initially there was a mistake with the drinks. We ordered some garlic bread whilst we were waiting for our first course but after waiting nearly half an hour asked when it would arrive and were told it was being cooked! It arrived just before our starters arrived. After waiting another 45 mins my main course and my grandsons arrived. I could not complain about mine but it was another 15 mins before my daughters baked pasta dish arrived which was so dry she could not eat it. They did offer to change her dish but she could not bear to wait any longer. We decided not to order a dessert as by this time my grandson was restless. Am always prepared to wait for freshly cooked food but this was ridiculous and the restaurant wasn't even full! They did not charge us for my daughters main dish but the occasion was ruined. Service slow and not very attentive bearing in mind the size of the restaurant and the fact it was not full. Food was ok but would not rush back as food took far too long  
Went here last week, the dish I wanted, the spaghetti with clams was unavailable so I went for Scallopine Al Limone. There were only two other people in the restaurant but the food seemed to take forever to arrive from the kitchen, it was the best part of an hour before I got any food. The meal itself was reasonable, generously sized and tasty without being anything too exciting, and it was reasonably priced compared to some of the other Italian restaurants in the Croydon area - just a shame it took so long to arrive, I wouldn't like to say how they would cope if the restaurant was even half full  
Roast turkey on festive menu didn't include pigs in blanket or stuffing! If ordered via main menu it did. No cranberry sauce - supermarkets are 5 minutes away! Beetroot wellington was soggy. Christmas pudding was a small slice and tasted of rubber. Service friendly but very slow. Forgot to take deposit off bill until mentioned. 
Not being very familiar with Richmond and needing lunch, we went into Bills as know it from other branches. We had a disappointing meal including a very dry fish pie and bitter coffees. The mushroom burger was OK but the added extra (£3.50 for additional avocado, which was approximately a tablespoon-full) was pitiful.  
Myself, my partner and another couple visited Bill’s in Richmond for the first time tonight. I ordered the garlic ciabatta as a sharing starter, this was not garlic bread. It was bread swamped in oil, no hint of garlic in sight, hard to eat as it was just so oily. Would not recommend. 2 members of our party ordered steak, which came completely unseasoned and bland. Alongside these small issues our waitress was very rude. She was massively distracted when taking our order, trying to communicate with other servers and not listening to us. She also had a small argument with a group of people sat behind us which was unpleasant and we were shocked at her attitude towards these other customers. When it came to paying our bill we decided not to pay the optional service charge which came up to £12, due to the issues with the service and food. When we informed the waitress that we did not want to pay the service charge she rudely replied ‘why? Was there something wrong?’ Again not the sort of attitude you expect after you’ve finished work for the day and are trying to enjoy your dinner. Fair to say I will not be returning. 
So I eat at a lot of Indian Restaurants (as you may see from my reviews) and when staying in Hammersmith I was looking forward to a good Indian meal with my family at 'Rangrez'. This restaurant is not that big and it does get busy and so you may want to plan ahead, we walked in and had to wait 40 minutes for a table for 3 persons. When the menu was handed to me I was surprised and disappointed to find that compared to your usual Indian Restaurant the menu was actually quite limited and even lacked my favourite Indian dish... Chicken Jalfrezi. I couldn't believe they didn't have this along with many other popular dishes on the menu?!! The other thing with the menu is that you can normally get a good selection of 'Side dishes' such as; Saag Aloo, Bombay Potatoes, Saag Paneer, etc, but at Rangrez they only had them as vegetarian 'Main dishes' all at around £9 each. When I asked the server if we could order a half sized portion they simply said "No Sorry!". My wife wanted a Chicken Tikka, (again not available on the menu other than as a Starter), so again we asked if they could do a larger portion as a Main dish and again the server said, "No you'll just have to order two Starters and put it together if you want a bigger portion!"... Most Indian Restaurants are super accommodating but not at 'Rangrez'. So we ordered Poppadoms, (not the usual large ones but small ones and the pickles were not great either), and my wife had to order two Chicken Tikkas (at a cost of £13.90) for her main, whilst I had a Karahi Chicken (at £9.95) and my daughter had a Butter Chicken (at £9.95). We had a Saag Aloo (at £8.95) and a couple of rice and a Naan. Pilau Rice was a staggering £4.25 a portion and the Naan was £3.45 
This is a busy indian restaurant in Hammersmith. Food is quite good if a little pricey. Staff are very friendly and they fit us in ten minutes after we arrived. It wasn't the standard indian Fare we are used to but this wasn't a bad thing. 
Despite making an advance booking, for an evening dinner the staff failed to acknowledge our presence.We waited 25 minutes for someone to ask us what time our booking was and they were running late by 45 minutes which the staff failed to mention. The food was average and sadly some of the dishes were received cold and not as we had expected. I must comment the manager Mr Bharat was a very nice and apologized a few rimes but seemed helpless due to I suppose lack of staff. 
the food and the ambience really not very exciting.friendly staff .to be blunt the starters were not a patch on masala zone.would not rush back 
We tried this new Italian for the first time as few weeks ago, shortly after it opened. We were welcomed and shown to a table and our drinks order taken quickly.The service was good from the two really friendly waiting staff. The starter of garlic prawns was poor value - just three small butterflied shell on prawns for £8.50. my pasta was excellent but the other dish, Liver and bacon - two small slivers of (good quality) liver for £18.50 was also very poor value.  
Visited on a Tuesday night following the positive reviews on tripadvisor. We ordered the mini poppodoms for starters. Food arrived promptly but no plates or spoon given for chutney (although maybe this is normal and you're expected to dip but this is quite unusual compared to other indian restaurants I have visited). We were given plates and I noticed some small bits of red cloth of mine, obviosuly from where someone had been trying to dry them or wipe them clean. I had to clean these off using my napkin.  
Was nicely decorated inside but the service was very poor the food was average could of been better already. Andrew didnt have a very good table manner.  
This was a special birthday celebration which sadly was not as good as our usual experience. 
We thought we would head to Bills for a casual lunch and thought it was ok. We both had a burger and one side to share and I asked for normal chips instead of sweet potato fries. The waitress didn’t write our order down so unsurprisingly mine turned up with the original fries and had to be sent back. We also had to ask for the side and although it was clear it had been forgotten, we saw the waitress quickly order it and told us it would be 2 minutes. It actually arrived after we finished eating. Both of us only had a Diet Coke and the bill came to £40 which I thought was fairly expensive for what it was. There’s definitely better places in Richmond so I don’t think we will be back. The only good thing I can say was that they had a separate menu for those with allergies so you can see in advance what each meal has in it.  
Hadn't been here for many a year however .....You know when the chef tinkers and hasn't ordered the ingredients on the menu description the food is going to be under par. So disappointing to get rocket instead of samphire with my three miniscule scallops. Definitely not a starter worth the money let alone fails the trade description.Rocket is no substitute for samphire.My daughter hates it so she had the three scallops and five small chunks of chorizo. The Cajun Chicken burger was deep fried to an inch of the end of its life with a huge batter mass added to it. So I stripped it down to avoid the instant coronary. The sauce and Cajun flavour was flavourless and not very obvious.The fries were so crispy and more like salted chip sticks than fries. By this time I regretted my visit, albeit my guest were not so fussy so I didn't say anything so as not to ruin their day. Maybe it was amateur day in the kitchen, but we wont be back. 
After much anticipation I must say it was a disappointment. Firstly the young girl serving was very inexperienced and we had to wait nearly 15 minutes for out drinks to arrive. 
The restaurant is very busy, but with that comes a few service issues. During busy times (we went on a Saturday night around 8pm) expect waits to be served, for your food and your bill. Saving grace was our waiter (I forget his name) but some of the staff bring food to the table can be rude as we experienced. All in all a standard London experience in a busy restaurant.  
We have become regulars at The Three Oaks since first dining there in 2015. 
Service needs some work. Not especially attentive despite the restaurant being quiet. Waitress claimed it was her first day though another member of staff said it wasn't. Poppadoms were suspiciously shop bought and one of the sauces was horrible. The waitress said they had received lots of complaints about it. The other member of staff said we were the first. Curry good. Lots of sauce. Rice very nice. Need to give spoons to serve the curry! Interior decor OK. Overall an average meal for us, in contradistinction to other reviews.  
To start, the staff are lovely and really do make you feel welcome. I've visited various Bills over the years and have never had an amazing visit. On my most recent visit my steak was over done and chewy. I think it has to do with the quality of the food as my complaints have never been with the staff but with the taste of the food. I wouldn't return 
Was out for a Sunday evening treat. Service was very good with waitress very attentive and order came out spot on. However, I was pretty disappointed with my meal. I ordered Tagliatelle Gamberi E Asparagi 
My wife and I are regulars at Potli, as we love the ambience and vibrancy of the place. However, our fear is that it is going down the Masala Zone route - overly creamy gravy. The meals now have started tasting like the ones at Indian marriages - heavy and difficult to digest. 
Ate here Saturday. Whilst walking to the restaurant, we passed several Indian restaurants on the way that looked nice but opted to stick to our original choice. 
Busy Saturday night, staff all working very hard but needed more. Very pleasant waitress though who looked after us well. 
Visit wasnt as enjoyable as previous visits. Although I wont let this put me off going again. Maybe it was just an off day. I hope this is the case as normally its so nice. 
Sat outside. Probably looked after by 5 different members of staff. Most of the time 1 of us had to attract a server's attention none of whom were actively looking about them. The food was well prepared and presented although I didn't particularly like the dish I chose, I enjoy meat but not the way it had been prepared. Ordered a side dish which did not appear. Asked a waitress to resolve the matter but we never saw her again. 
Had made a special visit to sample the set lunch menu. All very pleasant though you will need the bread and extra sides you are offered to be repleat....... which will make a larger dent in your wallet. 
Lovely location, food okay. Service okay too. Good car park to park in. From what I ate it was average but sufficient- bring back the amazing Oreo Ice cream which was the best dessert ever in the whole area. I am missing this. This would give you 5 stars 
So looking forward to a good breakfast brunch. Only one size coffee a shame. My full br3akfast was tepid as was my wife omelette which did not have much flavour. Staff good and acknowledged concerns taking positive action. Just gota get the good out quicker or ensure it's hot. 
our first time in this branch. Great spot and lovely table by the window. Service very average. Food was ok. Good fish finger sandwich and fries. Bland and very underseasoned. 
First time we went to Steak on the Green we had an amazing experience. However now it seems to be failing to fulfil the demand with the new Eat Out to Help Out. The fries are supposed to come with truffle sauce and came bare, when asked the member of staff he seemed not to know what I was talking about. Also on our pre covid visit the experience was much better, we were greeted with delicious spicy edamame but now we felt rushed and just wanted to leave as soon as possible. Maybe will be back after the scheme is over to see if the standards go back to normal. 
We were looking up beergardens in London and the Swan & Bottle was the first one on the list. It's not what we were expecting. There were tables outside and it was next to a stream but it was also on a main road and the back drop is apartment buildings so I wouldn't really call it a beergarden. The food was edible but I wouldn't recommend it. There are better places.  
We wanted to support local small business so we decided to try the restaurant especially that it was continuing the eat out help out scheme. We were a small group the restaurant is beautiful cosy , the service is brilliant you can tell it’s family run . The food was tasty and dessert was delicious. The reason I gave it 3 stars it’s because of the eat out help out issue , we believed that it’ll apply straight away but we were told on payment that the voucher is only valid on our next visit ( this isn’t written on the website) and secondly the “optional” service charged was already charged to the bill we weren’t asked if we were happy for it to be. We did want to support local business but I felt that this could’ve been handled better , we were first time customers so leading that impression wasn’t very nice. 
Okay burger slow service. Friendly staff but one waiter (male) was very slow and took more than 10 minutes to get the check and then 10 minutes to get the card machine.  
This was one of the better rated places in Uxbridge on TA. Obviously Sunday roast was the way to go. Opted for the 12 hour lamb, was OK. Enjoyed the Pravha lager. Typical english pub environs and staff were friendly. 
I have been to The Alma on numerous occassions. The wait on Sunday's can be very long particularly if you are a large party. We were out for a family birthday and waited over an hour for the first meal to be served. The rest of the meals came out one by one and the last around 20 minutes after the first was served. The next time I visited with friends we waited 2 hours for our food! The food is good and it is busy but I really feel they need to speed up the service or stop taking orders if they can't deliver in a reasonable time. 
The food was really good, the atmosphere nice and service was helpful. I would go back because of the quality of food although I have to mention a few things: 1. The prawns in my main noodle dish seemed a little bit off (maybe not very fresh) 2. Slightly overpriced. 3. We were told that the card machine was broken and we had to go and withdraw cash which was fine but looking at some previous reviews here from last year, it seems like it's a recurring problem (or maybe a deceiving tactic). 4. They close a bit too early and we were handed the bill without us asking for it only about 20 minutes after we were told about the last order (22.00) 
Was away for racing at Sandown and went for a meal here. Food was good and service was good but a little bit over the top. We went early and it was full which is a good sign. 
We had the vegetarian full english breakfast. Was not very appetising. Also far too expensive for what you get. Sorry won't be back here again. 
Came here for a team dinner. Staff are polite and friendly. We ordered drinks - the service is a bit slow - it had always been slow - not sure if they have enough staff.  
Very disappointed with the new menu and lack of choices. Been here many times before as the food and service used to be good. Very disappointed by the whole experience. Sorry, but not going to rush back. Shame though. 
My wife and I had a lovely Valentines meal here on the 14th. 
Food was good, but not amazing (the momos and keema naan were a HUGE disappointment). Family staff was friendly. However they choose to eat thier meals right next to us (along with a cute, but noisy baby). I meals was fair priced, but the additions (naan breads, beers, rice, starters) very overpriced. Not to mention a decent sized service charge. 
Food excelent - service OK - Don't pay using pay by phone as they can't or won't refund the parking charge. 
We have visited The Alma for Sunday roast and service was very slow. We were waiting our meal about 50 minutes, keeping in mind that Sunday roast is not made personally for each client. 
Food good, service at breakfast excellent with attentive & helpful staff which was the reason for booking a table for 8 in the evening. Again food good, but different staff & service was nowhere near as attentive, in fact the male waiter was surly, forgot our initial order of drinks & after we had finished eating we were not asked if coffee was required or any other drinks. In fact it made us all feel uncomfortable & feel as though they couldn't wait to get rid of us. Will not be returning! 
Four of us went for lunch midweek and had two vouchers for 2-for-one main courses. The bill for four main courses plus a beer, glass of wine, tea and coke came to £44 which we thought was on the steep side. Why do restaurants still automatically include a "discretionary" service charge? We are quite capable of deciding whether we tip and how much. I wonder whether the staff get the full amount? 
Like the place and frequent customer good quality and nice atmosphere 
A thick ribeye steak was a good choice. Cooked perfectly. It was let down by the chips. They were thinner than mac Donalds. With a thick steak you should have thick chips. Didn't enjoy them. Overall it was a good experience and the staff were helpful but don't leave a tip as a12% service charge is automatically added to the bill.  
For being a (little) chain the outcome is pretty good. 
We had an enjoyable meal here on Sunday. We were served by Sally and a young man with long hair (tied back). They went out of their way to make sure that our daughter, who has severe dietary restrictions due to a genetic disorder, had a meal that was suitable and enjoyable.  
Nice enough, but I am surprised that it merits a Michelin "Bib". 
I have been to bills twice with different groups of people for different meals- I would not choose it but it does what it says on the tin. It's good with children and crowds! One time we were beside a hen party which were definitely entertaining! The food is ok- as in everything is fried and in batter so if you know what ot expect yo won't be disappointed. However some more healthy options would be desirable. Staff friendly but always overworked and you have to chase them down - it is clean.  
We had dinner here last night. We were seated at a cramped uncomfortable table with quite uncomfortable wicker seats. Not a good start. We visited here as it is next to the Odeon Hammersmith, where were were due to see a show at 7.30, so it being 6.0 we were in no way worried about the time factor! 
The food is very average. The oringinal Bills in Lewes was a fabulous, quirky extension to a greengrocers serving wonderful' fresh ingredients in inspired, original recipes 
Had quite a nice flavoursome meal here. Friendly staff. I wouldn't say it's anything exceptional though. It's probably quite authentic though. 
Like all of its type is quick and efficient and not too expensive. The service is okay and the staff are quite helpful. The place is generally nice and overall a nice ambience. 
Food lovely would like to have seen a more Comprehensive menu and it would have been even better to have had friendly staff. Bit on the pricey side but probably justified due to it being a few steps away from Apollo. Seats not meant to be sat in for more than 2 hours however would visit again purely for the location 
Although we have eaten at this location before , not since its latest change about a year? ago. Good first impression, modern, spacious, generally nice atmos. More like a city eatery than one in Egham. Seemed to be plenty of staff but I think our waitress was very new to the job . I have no problem with new staff trying to find their way, but she seemed to have had almost no training for what was probably her first night ever doing a job like this. 
Went here for a date. The staff first of all are great really warm and friendly. The only let do for those place was the food. We had the mezze starter to share which was just OK. For mains we had the gnocchi and macaroni cheese both extremely underwhelming. Place is not cheap either. Don't think will be returning here in a hurry. 
I regularly come for work lunches because the staff and food are reliable and you know you will be in and out efficiently. Good options for my vegetarian colleagues. I often go for their seasonal or set menus as they offer good value. Good for an overview of British home cooking .  
It was a hot Sunday so I went for the Grilled Halloumi Salad which was very tasty but lacked sufficient bulk to fill you up. Still being hungry I had the Rhubarb and Apple Crumble . This was served with a such a tiny portion of ice cream that I had to request more. Amazed to find that I was charged for this!.  
We went to Rangez as it was handily placed near the Hammersmith Apollo. We were greeted by an extremely friendly lady and given our menus. 
We went for a christmas get together. It was packed and the lovely waitress was rushed off her feet with no help. She was very helpful.It was packed with groups of people having a great time  
Popped in after a days shopping in london. I had one of the burgers, my wife had fish and chips. Fish and chips were good, the burger was a little tasteless. Nothing to really complain about, nothing to make you want to rush back. Only thing of real note was one of the staff was in the ladies loo with my wife and did'nt wash her hands before she went back to work. Not very good. 
Visited twice in a week and each time had a tasty ( almost perfectly cooked) steak. 
We took friends out for dinner, the food was average but the service from Jo was great, she was fun. 
Had an ok dinner here recently. The rib eye steaks we had were good but not mind blowing. For me there are better steak places for the same price in the local area.  
We came here today to celebrate my parents 40th wedding anniversary. Our table was opposite the terrace doors so we had a good view overlooking the terrace and lock.  
So we heard good things about the three oaks so we booked up for a Sunday roast which took 5 weeks to get a table so when I got there I was excited too try the food out as after such a long wait thought it must be amazing! Anyhow I have to say was rather disappointed by the Sunday roast, I went for lamb an my partner had the pork belly, lamb was nice to be fair but the pork was way too fatty an no real taste apart from chewing a lump of fat. I was expecting lovely roast potatoes after reading review but mine were too greasy an left a bad aftertaste in my mouth almost like my throat was clogged up with fat. The best bit about the food was definitely my lamb other than that wasn't impressed at all. Not over priced but not sure how it's fully booked every Sunday for a month. Safe to say won't be returning in a massive hurry an definitely wouldn't be waiting a month to have the same thing served. I will say though all the staff were very nice an very attentive which was a bonus, just wish the chef was having as good of a day as the rest of us.  
A good residential pub where food is piled high. 
Came here for dinner with my family, the staff were very polite and helpful towards me and my family, the atmosphere of the restaurant/bar was really nice but the thing that let it down for me was my dinner, I had the burger but the bun was covered in grease, along with the chips so everything I touched on my plate was like putting my hand in cold deep fat fryer. I've been a couple of times before and the food has been really nice, so I'll keep coming back but if it happens again then i won't 
Red Peppers is a long established Esher institution with a good reputation. However to remain there they need to sort out their problems. This long time customer had a disappointing visit last night. Found Elvis having to wait half the restaurant and his colleague the other half - not enough wait staff for a busy weekend. Over the course of the evening the restaurant got busier (a good thing), but our mains took near on 50 mins to arrive. And when they did, oh dear. Had to send back 2 of the 4 back as not up to standard. That was proven when the replacement dishes of the same order arrived - much better cooked. So another or a new chef/more training is required too. Plus some quality control before dishes leave the kitchen. We did speak to the manager who kindly comp’d a starter and main from the bill. But blaming the issues on the premises being busy!! isn’t the greatest response and certainly isn’t an answer. Isn’t it a restaurant’s aim to be busy? Please sort yourselves out!  
The restaurant is beautiful with nice atmosphere and the quality of the starters was generally ok. However the quality of the meat was not great , I could have stayed home and cooked a steak from the supermarket in a pan (!). Not correctly cooked based on our preference either. It’s not bad but would not recommend 
With its own bar and generally good food. Friendly staff. Don't both with the steak and ale pie but the rest looks fine. The starters were very high standard and the deserts were nice. 
Have been to this restaurant many times and its the first time I have ever had a complaint. 
I will be honest at the start by saying, as I have previously, that I’m not a huge fan of Italian food. Some might say that I’ve not eaten at the right places, but to me most dishes especially the pasta dishes are generally really bland.  
We visited this gastropub with high expectations having seen such excellent reviews on TripAdvisor. Unfortunately we left disappointed and here's why. Things started to go wrong straightaway when the young waitress accidentally dropped a gin cocktail which crashed on the ground, narrowly missing one of our party. There was then a huge crash from inside the pub as another tray hit the decks.  
We have been to The Three Oaks twice in the past and thought the food was great. We booked a table over two months for a birthday celebration this week, and were really loking forward to our visit. However, we were very disappointed. 
Service good but the set menu rather limited and we ould not choose from the a la carte due to there being 12 of us 
This is a pub that serves food. The night we went, the place was full to burst. As a starter we ate marinated salmon named salmon pastrami. This came as 2 strips of good quality salmon. Unfortunately they were a approximately one centimetre wide and 10 centimetres long! We asked the waitress why such small portions? The reply was, she would talk to the chef. At first, no response so we repeated the question when the equally mean desert arrived. Too expensive this cut of salmon to give you more! Shame because the main course was reasonably generous. A well prepared plaice on the bone with good chips.For desert we had English marinated cherries. How many constitute a reasonable portion? Perhaps 10-12? No! Three cherries cut in half! 
Decent full English breakfast and fair price although let down by sausages. Lovely coffee as you would expect from an Italian restaurant. Will return... 
2 of us when in on Thursday 04/10/2018 around 4pm. 
I quite like the scampi and chips here. The location is cute as well. Was disappointed with the pulled pork burger and struggled to finish it 
Visited on new years eve for a late lunch, the restaurant was very quiet but that was probably due to the time we walked in, although the waitress still had to consult to see if they had room for 2! 
We booked a table at this restaurant having first checked its reviews on Trip Advisor, which seemed good. Boy were we disappointed. The Italian Concept seems to be catering for the English palate of 30-40 years ago when we didn't know any better and didn't really understand what real Italian food tasted like. If you have travelled to Italy and eaten there, or eaten in good Italian restaurants here or bought food in good Italian delis then you may not recognise the rather bland dishes served here. You cannot fault the size of the portions which were very generous but to us it was a case of quantity rather than quality, A real shame 
A good crowd for a Wednesday night after Xmas. The food and service were both ok. Not poor not particularly that great. OK ! 
This use to be a great place for pub food but the quality has gone down every time we’ve visited. Overpriced for sub-average quality. Service and staff and friendly and good. Drinks menus decent and the outdoor space is a bonus on warm days. 12 min walk from Uxbridge station.  
I have visited this restaurant at lunchtime today with a colleague and it was OK. We are not easy people - I am gluten intolerant and she is vegetarian so it was not too easy to find a suitable main for us. The chef was really nice and came to our table to make sure we know our options. He mentioned they have now gluten free pasta and salads and they can even make risotto which is not on the menu to cater for gluten intolerant people. The service was not quick enough for our lunch time I'm afraid, although it might be because of the gluten free version of the main. 
Like all Bill's, this restaurant offers warm and friendly service with a familiar yet tasty menu. Lovely location overlooking the river and very helpful staff.  
can't really find a lot to criticise, the food was well prepared, the lager was cold, the room is nice enough and the service was very pleasant. 
We've been here before and it was good, however my meal was not up to scratch. I chose the special lunch menu's sea bass. It was supposed to come with spring onion rosti but when it arrived, the fish was on top of a mushy mess, more like mashed potato and it was cold as it had a pool of salad dressing over it. Rosti is supposed to be fried and has a crispy coating (as they do in Switzerland). Not only that, it wasn't even spring onion - it was cabbage. The strange thing is that on the a la carte menu, the sea bass is served with bubble and squeak rosti. I was embarrassed as I was lunching with friends and I don't like causing a fuss, but it was almost inedible as I hate cabbage! The sweet-brownie- was OK, but could have been bigger. Charging £7 for a glass of Marlborough was pretty cheeky. On the plus side, our bill was adjusted. 
dirty cutlery on the table and the dishes are a bit stingy, charging extra for chips... this is a bit of high street fashion but does not fit in well when youre checking your bill 
Again, a branch of another well conceived and well run national chain.  
The food in this place was good. It’s a tad overpriced and they could certainly improve on the service especially when your charging the prices they are.  
Stopped off here for a spot of lunch, the lunchtime menu is ok ranging from usual sandwich option to a small range of hot meals.  
Reading they reviews I expected more, but still worth going for some beers and lunch enjoying the garden. 
I came for dinner with my partner on our way to a show. The restaurant was very clean and the service was very friendly. Sadly the food was very average. Small portions. Minute bowl of rice. Two slices of onions tomatoe and cucumber is called a salad. Also the chairs were very uncomfortable. Clearly they don't want you to stay long! 
I am from India and a self proclaimed foodie-hence I was intrigued by this relatively new arrival on the scene which claims to be an "Indian market kitchen" 
First off the food was great! I enjoyed my curry a lot and the rice was cooked nicely, but the 'mini' poppadom's were not to my taste at all, would deffo of preferred a regular one.  
I've been there with friends for a simple night out. We ended paying £45 per person for a steak + a side and one single bottle of wive across four of us. 
The food is reasonably priced and filling, however it is bland and under cooked. On each occasion I have been to Bill's the end result has been disappointing at best. 
I've always thought Bills looked really nice from the outside so we decided to drop in for a meal. The food was ok but nothing special and the prices were very expensive for what we got. There are far better places to eat 
What is mushed peas? 
I am a fussy eater and I found it very difficult to find anything on the menu that appealed to my basic tastes. Too much specialised cuisine, be it garlic, mushrooms, chilli or whatever. I could not choose any starter and had to ask for something special from the main course that I could eat, Will certainly no return 
Visited 29/7/18 for a meal out with family. Went towards the restaurant area to then only be told if we hadn’t reserved a table we would have to find a seat in the bar area. It doesn’t state anywhere that you have to reserve a table for the restaurant. After finding a table my partner went to the bar to order. My son had asked for a drink called pip pip hooray that is stated on the children’s menu and also the website after checking for the bar staff to say we don’t do that drink. What is the point of having a drink on a menu that you don’t sell. Or if you do the staff need educating if the menu choices.  
Did the fish Friday with a bottle of prosseco, good value - service was great. 
The food doesn't really live up to its billing. It was edible but nothing to really commend a visit. The staff on the last twice I went there were just not engaged with their work. They were sullen and indifferent and preferred to hang around in small groups (presumably bemoaning their lot), rather than get on with serving their customers. After an initial rush, I don't know anyone who has been back in a while.  
The food was nice, the atmosphere is interesting, but it can be hard to get a drink from the staff who are all lovely but were not exactly on top of it 
We visited on Saturday evening for what we expected to be great food after several excellent previous visits. What a disappointment! The food was just similar to a decent high street Indian with none of the previous depth and breadth of flavours. Our table all agreed with this. Whilst the service was charming it may also have been revealing. Without promoting we were told that they had modified flavours to answer comments from some customers that the food was too hot/deep flavoured/genuine! This seems to have had the desired effect - the cooking a sub-standard rendition of what it had been. 
Unfortunately the food did not live up to the expectations generated by some of the other reviews we had read. To start with the head?waiter who took our order was rushed,distractable and abruptly interrupted. He continued to collect the plates in a rather clumsy and noisy manner even though this had been pointed out to him earlier.  
We used to frequent a café in a garden centre that I understand was run by this Italian family. We always enjoyed it there so when we discovered that Italian Concept was run by them we didn’t hesitate to try it out. 
Read a fantastic review about this restaurant in Time Out and having just returned from India where we had some of the most amazing food, we were looking forward to eating at this restaurant.  
The service was excellent with very attentive and friendly waiters, the menu adequate, prices very reasonable, very healthy portions and I really, really wanted to like it. I'd read the reviews beforehand which on the whole are very good, but the food really let it down. Both the starters and mains lacked any flavour, were bland and tasteless. Nothing actually tasted Italian! The toilets desperately need updating too. I'm not saying don't go, just don't expect good food. Shame.  
When we arrived for dinner on a Monday night, there were only a couple of tables with customers, but it was a long wait before anyone came to take our orders. We should have heeded the warning. Our party of 3 all ordered cod and chips, but we waited so long for the food that we wondered if they were waiting for the fishing boat to come in. Once we got the food, it was hot and tasty, but then the wait resumed to order our puddings. The pie was also good, but none of the meal was worth the wait.  
Was taken to Swan and Bottle for lunch as a treat. Not been in there for many years as I had moved away and was visiting my daughter. I always loved the place but this time wasn't made to feel very welcome and the food it's self was not good. We didn't wait to long for the food but there wasn't to any people in there. Will not be returning 
We had dinner here last night  
Always look forward to eating here when visiting family in the area but disappointed with our latest visit.The good bits....Lovely warm atmosphere and friendly staff,good wine list.My belly pork main was delicious and well balanced.Less good bits.....Unpleasant soup,a bowl of liquid soaked mushy bread with a little soup on top,a bland and ill concieved bubble and squeak concoction.Sense that the talented young chef had a night off or worse,may have left ?? Portion size also seemed smaller.Drink prices verging on extortionate...£6.30 for a small bottle of San Miguel.Really ! ? And I really object to 12.5% service charge being added to the bill.That's for me to decide based on how good the service actually is.Will give the place one more try. 
The Swan and Bottle is part of the Chef and Brewer chain, so the menu is the same as all the other pubs in the chain. You get what you expect from a chain pub. Food is okay but service can be a bit slow. 
Took 30 minutes to take our order and an hour for food to arrive. Clearly understaffed. We had a voucher which although they acknowledged we were entitled to use there system wouldn’t adjust the bill correctly so left us out of pocket.  
Busy night in the S&B, would have give. A 5, but the gents toilets were out of order and our table was next to the disabled loo and we had men hanging round our table while we also had heating was not working we sat without coats round us and scarfs still on 
The food is good. 
We visited this Sunday early evening a party of 15 and a baby. A great atmosphere and all the staff were happy. Food served well . I recommend. 
Price of food was very reasonable. 
Ate here based on the reviews, it has more of a cafe feel certainly at lunch time. 
Three stars for the location and food. Been here a few times on business and despite good reviews I've never been overly enamoured with the service. The location is good as is the food but the service last week left a lot to be desired. A very lacklustre greeting and a waitress who seemed more concerned with looking at the view than establishing any kind of eye contacting whilst addressing us. Walked away TWICE whilst members of our four-person party were talking to her. Not with it at all. Very disappointed so will lunch elsewhere in future. Premium prices, economy service. 
Have been to the Runnymede for corporate days, spa treatments, a Sunday roast with extended family and also for afternoon tea with my wife. Every visit has been excellent so we had high hopes for an evening at the Lock... 
Bills has a really good atmosphere and the best music, motown hits, while you eat your chicken liver parfait and drink pink lemonade. great! 
Used to go here regularly. Now stripped of atmosphere.... why can't they leave things alone? Ut works for the Royal Standard (oldest pub in England) & people flock there to the olde worlde atmosphere! Food portions small, usually quite wait at the bar. Quite chilly in the front section of the building.  
We had booked a table but no room for us so we were seated in the bar area. It was full of xmas partys and people drinking. Very noisy which was to be expected and wouldnt have been an issue but we were seated between all the noise and waitress kept forgeting we were there so service was not great. Bit disappointing as we had booked a table in the restaurant some weeks previous. 
Have visited the Swan & Bottle many times, but today there were 9 of us and felt that the service today was very poor. We had to ask for the menus, asked for a round of drinks and they forgot to get them so had to go to the bar ourselves. 4 of our company ordered the beef/triple roast dinners and the beef was so tough. They were too polite to mention it so I had to make a comment about it on here. It has changed my view on having another meal here again. 
Hello 
Weird one. The waiter was really friendly, and we received pretty good service. I ordered sausage and mash and the portion was laughable. Pork roast and tart were also pretty small. On the other hand, the chicken roast was huge (four people in our party).  
It's a nice restaurant with nice food and nice staff and nice decoration. It's nothing more than that. A fairly safe place to come for a meal. The restaurant ticks all the average boxes but it's nothing great.. it's nice for families, friends and business. No wow factor just safe and nice. Average prices as well... 
My husband and I always wanted to eat here but because it's so small, it was forgotten about usually and we'd end up eating at one of the many other restaurants in the mall. 
Tucked just outside of Uxbridge, with ample parking.  
Had dinner here Saturday evening, booked a table for 7 PM. I completely forgot Rugby was on and there were quite a few guys who were loud, probably had been there for a while. We were quickly moved to another table at the front of the pub. The staff were very friendly and polite, can't fault that. The food was OK, I opted for the crab and prawn linguine. It was just re-heated, I would expected them to have at least tossed it up a little bit to make it look fresh but the top looked dry when it was put in front of me. It was tasty and a good size portion. It is more of a pub a , than pub/diner, my mistake booking it. Parking is at a premium as well. No car park and we had a few minutes walk to the nearest car park. 
Pie was 10 out of 10. But the chips were hard and crispy. The swirly sausage was just okay. Mash had lumps in it. Gravy was a little gloopy. Price for 1 starter, 2 meals and 2 soft drinks =43 pounds. Quite Expensive.  
Server was very polite and there was a great ambience, but unfortunately there wasn't enough choice on the menu. 
Good Restaurant in Notting Hill London. We took the Menu. The best plate was the Makarell. The others one were ok nothing extaordinary. The service better 
We tried the three oaks because of its number one spot on trip advisor. The food was ok for a pub meal but quite frankly we expected more for the price. The servers were all very friendly but I felt it was a bit pricey for the quality. Better restaurants in the area. 
This wasn’t we were expecting from a Michelin star restaurant , rather disappointing. 
We had really lovely food and it was a nicely decorated pub with a buzzing atmosphere despite the spaced out tables. The mac & cheese croquettes were cool, my husband through his pie was very flavourful (although there wasn’t enough gravy to mash), and my chicken was cooked perfectly with an insanely crispy skin.  
I took my Mum and our partners here recently for her 70th Birthday celebration. The atmosphere was fairly informal and very friendly. Service was good, but not particularly noteworthy. Having been to quite a few Michelin * restaurants, this one was disappointing, both from a food quality and wine pairing perspective. I much prefer the quality of food elsewhere. Sadly the wine pairing was not anywhere near as good as I have experienced elsewhere either. I'm not saying it wasn't good food; it simply wasn't great. This dinner and wine cost £1100 for 4 people, so I expected better. It was OK though, just not special enough to return to. Definitely not good value. I wished I'd taken her somewhere else. 
We booked for the tasting menu with wine. The staff were very friendly and the food was ok to average. But it was all a bit chaotic. We had to wait for our third course for around 20 minutes. They had obviously forgotten and we had to remind them. There was no-one obviously looking after our table - it was disorganised, despite lots of staff. The matching wine didn't turn up for the fourth course and we had to remind them again. We began our meal at 6.30 and had been told we needed to give back the table by 9pm so we had booked a taxi. By 8.50pm we began to panic. We had to skip coffee and rush the last course. Two and a half hours should have been more than enough time to serve the food and wine. 
I only come here because there are no other pubs in Datchet. If there were, it would not be first choice.  
We have come here many times over the years but have not visited for about a year usually on a Sunday evening. We had a table booked for 7.30 pm and seated promptly. The menu was as imaginative as usual and the four of us dining all chose various dishes.The food was very good and the service was friendly and efficient. 
Looks quaint from the outside and is inviting with its sunny seating on pavement. However, it has very limited space inside. Very busy as it’s next to the gates to The Great Walk. So be prepared to be in other people’s holiday snaps. Maybe it would be quieter if not a lunchtime. The bar staff were a little cold. Many drinks on menu, but no sweet wines? Which I found strange. Prices were reasonable. 
Lovely traditonal pub with very friendly and efficient staff but the food was pricey for what you got and was not that great when you got it. 
Ordered two ploughmans which took over twenty minutes to arrive.Cheese ploughmans had nice cheeses but that was it.A tiny pot of pickle and a few grapes along with two rolls.The Ham ploughmans had just a few slices of ham along with grapes etc.For the price ,would advise to try another dish off the menu or another pub 
We arrived to a sign saying "car park closed" - I went in and asked, because I had booked online and the car park was actually one of the reasons, because my mother doesn't walk well at the moment. They said they'd had problems with it and it was now just for staff and for deliveries. It was entirely empty - they suggested we park over the road in a pay car park, which was too far for my mother to walk. Eventually they relented and allowed us to park, but this did seem rather unnecessary to me. If the car park is out of action, it would be good if that was clear on the website, and perhaps they could shut the gate - then I would have booked elsewhere. 
A bit disappointing in terms of the menu and what you would expect from a 2 star restaurant. None of the four courses looked special, tasted outstanding and for an £80 per person cost a bit of a let down. All courses were a bit stogy the only surprise was a massive oyster for the second course which was very tasty. 4 wines with each course were a good pairing and cost £60. 
We hadn’t been here for some time so it was nice to go back. Clearly they have their regular clientele who love this style of service but not sure it was for us. The service was good however it was rushed. One sip of your wine and it was refilled before your glass was back on the table - the main aim clearly to get you to order more expensive wine. This happened throughout the entire night - you couldn’t finish a conversation without being interrupted. Also pestered to make our order; I really don’t think we had been there more than 10 mins and hadn’t even studied the menu for more 2 mins. Also at all times about 3-4 non waiting staff just hanging around watching us and chatting amongst themselves. I get they are over seeing the waiters but just unnecessary and again the sense of trying to get the evening finished - the entire experience was just not relaxing and we felt sort of unwelcome like we had gate crashed their Saturday night regulars. It will probably be another 5 years before we go again which is a shame as I think they could do with expanding their portfolio of regular clients.  
The food taste really good the price wasn't bad. The ambiance was quite snug. The staff was friendly. My only disappointments were: the food portion was small and the salad wasn't the regular Turkish type salad. There was pommegranate in the salad and whilst I liked the look of it and I do like pommegranate, it's tough to eat it in a salad and have to spit the seeds out. 
Food was good no complaints, but the service charge is not obvious. Not sure how you can apply a service charge for a village pub meal. Bit much and I guess aimed at the affluent tourist. Also with the serice charge Your £4.10 pint now becomes £4.51. It may be optional but let the customer decide to add a gratuity and not to be railroaded into a service charge. 
A non-specific menu that caters for most tastes. All the food was tasty, the service was good and the ambience pleasant. I did find the prices a bit steep but in keeping with other Esher restaurants. 
Service is spot on and venue lovely. Think the menu has got a little over the top. Struggled to find dishes that I like. Need to change the menu now and again but stop being so poncey. Need to change the menu more frequently with recognized dishes. Whole Lobster with a supplement would be nice. Lamb cutlets, king prawns, etc would sell very well too 
This is a beautiful restaurant and the staff are sufficiently attentive, though the first drink did take rather a long time to be offered. The food was okay, but not outstanding which was surprising given the amount of people I know who are hugely enthusiastic about it. 
I've been to Red Peppers a few times in the past but the first time this year. The menu has always been varied but this time it had changed since my last visit and I thought it was very confusing. The menu has everything from South American, Thai to Mexican examples and I feel the restaurant lacks identity. I went for the chipotle chicken burger which came in a tortilla wrap and not bun and fell apart as soon as I started eating it. I felt like this should have been more of experimental dish that should have been kept in the kitchen.  
The building itself is nice , but also had a corporate feel to it , I wouldn’t go for a romantic date , the staff are amazing , the food was ok but I didn’t leave saying wow that was amazing . 
I read a review "The Food is for Instagram not the Mouth" and I think this sums things up very well. 
On Friday night first come first served and no table service. They have Tapas only and the chef is supposed to come take your order, I wanted a meal so I ended up leaving. The place is very rustic, wobbly tables but lots of locals. Seems like a good place to drink but maybe not eat. 
The service was good but the food was very disappointing. The rice dish tasted like it was not cooked from fresh and the special starter, soup, was tiny. Not good value for money. 
A group of us were taken to lunch as a thank you for all our work during the course of the year for a charity we volunteer for. The food was of a very high standard as always but the service was not so good. We had to wait some time before we got served. One of our party who was funding the lunch had taken great steps to make the restaurant aware of her allergies and had advised them well ahead of time. Unfortunately on the day all this information appeared to have been lost, we eventually got our lunch underway there was some confusion around the starters which got resolved. When the bill came the meal for the lady with the allergies was deducted from the bill and apologies made. The feeling was that there were so many diners and not sufficient staff to give a good level of service. 
The food was amazing. Aesthetically you can't fault this place. Staff on the other hand could improve there service a bit. We weren't being picky or constantly calling them over. We simply needed to know which meals had nuts, olives and radish in as my husband is allergic to them. The server rolled his eyes twice at us as we were trying to figure out what to settle on. We were made to feel like a nuisance and perhaps this is the last time we will bring our money to this establishment. The food I can not fault though. 
Four ladies out for dinner on a Tuesday. Its not busy and we sit outside to eat, First of all, takes a while to get served (although it is not busy). Then we ask fort app date which took 3 requests to arrive. My friend ordered a cocktail and when it arrived, it had not been mixed - so we asked for a straw or spoon to stir it. Apparently, this was too much for our Waitrose - they did not have any spoons!!!! 
This pub has a superb location right on the bank of the Thames. It’s nicely furnished inside and well laid out. The bar staff, however, we are more interested in discussing their weekend plans than serving customers.  
We were a group of 13 for the Christmas party menu and we had a mixed experience. Many of us ordered the fishcakes with poached egg for starters and not one of us got an egg that was anything other than hard-boiled, that was a tad disappointing as was the bone I found in my fishcake.All of the mains without exception were excellent. Most of the deserts were good but those who selected the cheese trolley were completely underwhelmed. I agree with the recent review about the cheese trolley, there was a very poor selection of dry old looking cheese, no soft cheese other than Three types of goats cheese. The rest of the cheese look like they’ve seen better days the relish that came with was super sweet and unpleasant and no selection of biscuits just three tiny dry biscuits. 
located in Esher high street. food was ok but nothing special. service was initially a bit abrupt when i say i was in a bit of a rush which took me a bit by surprise 
A pleasant atmosphere with friendly service.  
The food was actually quite nice but for the price we paid it was a little bit too much.  
We have dined here many times but was disappointed with this visit. 
My wife, daughter and I booked for Sunday lunch yesterday, 24th Nov. I suspected shortly after the main course arrived that the chef had probably lost his Michelin star and alas, my guess was correct. 
We came here after work on recommendation from a friend. We were greeted by the maître d who was very friendly and definitely added to the dining experience. The service was also very good from the outset, we had our daughter with us and we were provided with a high chair immediately. The restaurant definitely had a family friendly atmosphere. 
Was not impressed with the turkey lunch. I am sure it was turkey roll as was very bland and a round shape. The sprouts were hard and nobody took any notice. Contacted the company but have not heard anything. Would not recomend it as was very expensive and white wine sprizter was £8.00 and nearly all tonic!!! 
Popped in for a beer and had some crisps. Grumpy service, slightly stale kettle crisps and lacked charm. Shame as it’s in a great spot by the castle. 
I would love to give this restaurant a 5 star review and certainly our main waiter Jose deserves one. The food was excellent and our vegans were well catered for. However, despite booking our specific table in July for a very special occasion they tried to push us onto a much inferior table, far too small for our group of 8. Their reasoning was false as it’s clear that the other group had not booked within the last 2 weeks as they claimed. This made a stressful start to the evening, though after standing our ground we did get our original table. However, you do not expect to start a special occasion arguing for what you have booked. For this reason I have given 3 stars and would not wish to return. 
Quick bite before the cinema with friends - not bad, burgers, ribs and salads. Nice Shiraz and friendly service too. 
Best to pre-book a table if you fancy a lunchtime drink here (seated). If you eat here, be warned that you might end up sharing the table with another couple or threesome. We were shown to a 6 seater which was reserved for 2 x 3 from 1.30pm so we had to vacate by then. The landlord sat on the one stool at the bar holding court and putting the fear of God into the young bar staff! If they accept an Amex transaction today it'll come out of their wages apparently. Daytimes are clearly about maximising revenue for every cover. They serve food in the evenings too so more a restaurant than a pub is my humble opinion 
Tables uncomfortably close together. Burger over cooked and disappointing. Shame because this is normally a great local restaurant. Won't go back again though :-(  
Great food and superb location. The service is reasonable for a busy pub. Main downside is the fruit flies buzzing around whilst you try to eat - a morning of fumigation is required!  
Went with friends for Sunday lunch and although not bad, was not what we all expected based on many visits over the last twenty years. The starter was very basic, the main was good, but the pudding badly lacking. Four lunches with two bottles of (very over priced) wine came to £240, all of which was rushed through in two hours! 
My family have always gone to this restaurant since I was a child so for my 28th birthday I decided to book a table. There were over 15 people booked and a couple more people were able to join last minute so I called up that afternoon to let them know and I was given a very rude response! (Because I'm bringing in more custom?!?!?!) they told me that they couldn't accommodate two more diners. It was only when three friends were stuck in traffic that everyone could fit on the table and when I approached the manager to explain that we were going to be ok for space I had my head bitten off!  
I came here with friends for a quick bite. We sat outside which is a great spot on a sunny day. The staff generally were very decent but there was one staff member that wasn't too friendly.  
Was looking forward to my booking here as I've been trying Sunday lunch all over London trying to find the best. The food here is good. The starters nice, the sunday roast was a bit hit on miss on the meat side. My roast beef was lovely, one other roast lamb was lovely and then 2 others had not so nice versions of both where the meat was nearly all fat and was overcooked. The service was decent, the comfort though was very poor. the seats are super low and uncomfortable chairs. and the heat... we were right by the entrance and it was like being in a sauna the heat made it too uncomfortable for us all. I asked about it and the servers said the heat was not on which was strange as you could feel it was definitely on. we kept hoping more people would open and close the door so we could get a small bit of relief from the heat. i would still recommend as i'm sure there are parts of the pub that are more comfortable and the food can be improved. Sunday lunch with drinks for 6 people was £320 
Our first visit to "The Barge" for some years. 
Have dined here for many years but not very often recently. 
I’ve lunched/dined here many times and have had a range of experiences, some excellent and some definitely not. Our whole evening was really very nice and we certainly enjoyed ourselves, but we found that some dishes were quite unremarkable and others were first rate. Service was, frankly, odd, but more of that later.  
It’s been a few years since we last visited Chapter One, and in that time we now discover it has lost its Michelin Star. The food and particularly service show why. Whereas before we had a taste sensation across all courses, our meal yesterday was very hit and miss. The kedgeree starters were okay. My main of the steak was again okay (although I could get similar quality for cheaper in plenty of other places). My wife had the Roasted Cod, which did hark back to the taste highs of the past. The deserts were disappointing. The drinks were overpriced. The service was shocking - inattentive to the point that we literally had to grab someone at the end to pay the bill. 
Pretentious and Overprice. Couldn't eat the main course (Rissoto) it was floating in oil. 
Visited at Xmas time and was very slow service although they were busy it could have been much better. 
I went to Red Peppers with my mother. I ordered the ribfest and my mother ordered the garlic mushroom pizza. Overall, I enjoyed the experience. However, there were a few disappointments. 
The City Barge is still a nice pub in a wonderful location, with friendly staff. The honesty of the waiter in telling us the food will take an hour (at 6pm on a sunday) to be served is actually to be commended. But... The food was such a disappointment! Over-cooked beef of poor quality - i had to send it back , potatoes pre-deep fried, yorkshire pudding tasted of doughnut-fat and the boiled veg were uninspiring, as was the gravy. All-in-all. the food was actually average-to-poor, and certainly didn't warrant the 17.50 price tag. It reminded me of university canteen cooking. I don't mind it if the price reflects the quality (7.50 at most), but somehow I suspect the City Barge is aiming for a higher standard. Come on kitchen: up your game please! I can't recommend the Sunday lunch until you do. 
As a local and having had such a good time on New Years Eve 2017-2018, we decided to book again for dinner New Years Eve a couple of days ago. As soon as we arrived, we noticed the difference. Only half the dining area was occupied (last year it was full), there were no party packages on the table, no welcoming drink (had noticed this on the menu to be fair bit still disappointing when paying £70 per person). The pub area was so full it was almost impossible to get through it.  
Had Sunday lunch here today. Roast beef was cooked well and slightly pink - it was also slightly tough. The vegetables were far too al dente (a gentleman at the next table sent his back). Yorkshire pud and gravy were lovely. The roast potatoes, I think, were pre-cooked and warmed up. This was quite disappointing as it is definitely not cheap - especially when they add the service charge on automatically, which I find really annoying. As most people place their order and pay at the bar, they probably don’t realise this. 
We visited Red Peppers on Saturday night. Party of five. 
After a few years of driving past this handsome building and wanting to dine here we finally went for my birthday dinner.  
Had heard promising reports about this long established restaurant opposite Farnborough Hospital, including suggestions that Chef, and now proprietor, Andy McLeish had gained a Michelin star. On my first visit, I was not impressed with the access/egress to the very busy A21 but the car park was fine at lunchtime. The welcome was modest and our table for two distinctly cramped and uncomfortable. The chair was so bad that at one stage, I was gripped with painful cramp and had to stand up. As I did, I pressed on the table and it moved spilling the bottled water over my concerned host. 
Food was good apart from the churros (overcooked and oily). Service not so good. Brought the wrong thing and then had to be asked where other things were. But 12.5% service charge was automatically on the bill which I thought was cheeky. To not pay that, you had a whole rigmarole of redoing the bill so I just paid. But it should be up to the customer what to pay. It’s not like it was silver service! 
Very friendly and helpful staff made for a pleasant visit. Tapas were similar to those found in Spain but perhaps a little Anglicised to cater for more British tastes. Not my first choice to eat in the middle of a shopping centre but it was handy for my shopping trip and comfortable. Would go back and try some other dishes. 
I've visited this restaurant with a great friend of mine. We had a lovely time. There are a couple of tables outside if you wish to enjoy the sun. The atmosphere inside is nice and the service very attentive and friendly. The food is very average. I had enchiladas. The sauce tasted like a already made sauce from the jar, the sour cream was more sweet than sour (probably a cheap version) and the guacamole also tasted very cheap. The rice that comes separately was a bit tasteless.  
The City Barge is one of my local favourite restaurants, I am not sure what has happened recently, there is a change in staff and I must say the service was incredibly slow and not very attentive, the food was really average and not the uual standard of quality and perfection. It is good to see that the menu is still changing with new dishes. I do hope that things start to change for the better, I will not return again soon. 
After trying Red Peppers because of really liking the sound of the menu (and being a lover of burgers, ribs and many other things on the menu) we found the result a disappointment. Like i say, i do love burgers and so i ordered one with great expectation. The service on this occasion was poor and the burger was very ordinary and nothing special. My partner was also unsatisfied with what she ordered. Loving american type places with menus like this, we decided to give it another try.This time i ordered the ribs. Unfortunately this too was a disappointment. Very sugary and junky and the quality wasn't there. I wanted to love this place but i didn't. After a couple of tries we sadly are giving up on it. I can't believe this place got voted #2 restaurant in Esher! We go to Sherpa Kitchen, also in Esher, and find that place mind blowingly good and it's listed as #7 in Esher??? (It should be #1). So unfortunately after loving the sound of this place we decided that 2 tries was enough. Too bad. We just found it was nothing special and in fact disappointing. 
Not bad but they need to be more innovative with the food - I prefer the Giggling Squid personally but would go back there & you cannot say more than that. 
Great location near the main car park in Esher. the waiter was very attentive and engaging. The food was disappointing; Hot salmon was cold by the time it came, portion was small and half a pot of salt must have been poured into the soup. BUT they did reduce the bill without being asked which is a positive. 
We opted for the Sunday 4 course set menu at £70, which consisted of 1) Course one White Asparagus 6/10, 2) Roast Celeriac 7/10, 3)Main / John Dory Fish course, fish was over cooked and lucked flavour and taste and lucked texture or taste. I would rate this 3/10, 4) Whipped Ewe’s Milk Yoghurt Poached Rhubarb, Lime Leaf, and Beignets. This is dessert was light and presentation was really nice, but the overall taste was underwhelming.  
Visited on a warm evening and the restaurant was fairly busy with lots eating outside.  
The Good: 
£40 for 2 plates of tapas & 2 glasses of wine a little outrageous - cheese & jamon plates were served without any bread either which is a little strange as you need it. Also if you pay by debit card the service does not (apparently go to the staff)... 
Dined here with friends for a mid week catch up. I ordered the lamb moussaka which was delicious and piping hot. Would say this restaurant is on the more expensive side for what you receive portion wise, but that's probably also linked to its location.  
Was intentionally popping in for lunch but there were no available tables. So good for them. So had a pint instead. Very old pub that is very quaint and small. A very locals pub. Lots to see on the walls and very old world. Unbelievable vast range of wines on offer. Staff not overly welcoming. No real pleasantries or idle chatter to visitors. They appeared to save their chat to the locals. A shame really. But do pop your head in. 
We went to Red Peppers for midweek dinner. I ordered like a starter some Calamari and tentacles with lemon mayo, which I quite liked. Like a main I had a Beetroot, lentil & ricotta salad. Unfortunately this didn't taste good at all. I normally love all the ingredients, but this was lacking of seasoning and it just didn't work for me. I think I won't be returning, there are better places in Esher to eat.  
We really enjoyed our dinner at the Royal Stag - food was great, a decent selection of drinks, quick and friendly service in a very pleasant dining area improvised from the top of the carpark. 
Just to make a few things clear, the spanish ham is not like the discription. There are a few farms with oak fed free range porcs, but their ham is not one of them. The Sangria is a complete rip off. The food is really ok. Not as described, not the real quality and the Story is a joke. He never grew up in Madrid or he just phantazies. And he is lying about products. And even the Tapas Story is a lie. Tapas were invented to avoid flys. Not sexy, but better than lying. 
Amazing bar to sit outside in fine weather and enjoy their great beer looking over The river. Went to eat inside and placed at a table in a draught. Staff surprised when I wanted to pay cash for the meal but hey this is London. My chicken was served with some greens in a bowl of tasteless stock was this a poor attempt at a soup or a bowl of slops.? 
Portions were very small for high price paid. Lack of vegetables with meal, which at the high price I feel could have been included and not have to pay extra. 3 minute mushrooms is hardly a lot, Also the food and plates could have been hotter. Desserts also very small. 
Has the best ribs in this town and any other town including London. Recent makeover very successful. Great menu and really good service, mostly with a smile. The kids love it. We go twice a month. 
9 Dec 18 Chapter One. I used to be a big fan of Chapter One for years then stopped going when it became simply boring to return as the menu rarely changed year after year. Returning after so long I was disappointed to find that still nothing had changed, recognising many of the dishes from years past. Yes, the food is reasonably good and service is fine (but perfunctory, no character) but I won't return as it's simply dull and doing nothing to entice me to return. 
The seating make this much more of a restaurant with a seperate rear are carrying about 7 tables 
Surroundings were beautiful, ambience and service, absolutely impeccable. However, the food was definitely form over substance and, at close to £300 quid a head with wine pairings, was outrageously expensive. It might have been worth it if the food had been sublime, but it wasn't. It was quite good... but I don't understand why this place has even one star. Very pleasant, stylish, comfortable place to sit, but fairly average food which did not come close to experiences of good one star restaurants. Don't know what's going on with Michelin's ratings - they often don't seem to make sense. 
We like this place and the cooking is good but we were served at such a slow pace we lost the will to live - well, to eat ! It took 2.5 hours to stagger through our meal and we left before the coffee and chocolates we had paid for even arrived . We sat near the kitchen door, so could hear comments shouted from the waiters like " There's no staff out here " and " Please come out there's no one out here ! " . We asked repeatedly for our next courses . No one really seemed to care . They need an active floor manager doing their job to counter this attitude . Please manage your staff !! 
Visited for an early evening meal. The service was attentive but one of the waitress staff didn’t seem to like wearing their visor properly (it was on top of her head) and the two front of house staff wore no masks or visors at all - and didn’t socially distance either. Not a comfortable experience.....and the food seemed expensive for what it was.  
I live locally to Chapter One and have been going for years now. I've felt to write a review now as I'm a little saddened as over the past year I have noticed quite a drastic decline in the quality of food and service especially with the new owners and the introduction of a new brasserie. I assumed this would be just teething but they seem to be lasting long.  
Tough for these pubs: balancing the Covid rules with making customers feel welcome. The City barge is trying hard, but following the instructions to book on line as a single bloke just wanting a pint and a meal inevitable means being tucked in to a corner by the kitchen door while the nice tables await folks who don’t appear.  
Popped in BH Mon having booked table beforehand. Sat on very draughty table - asked to move but told not possible. 3 tables were vacant throughout our 3 hour stay so why weren’t we moved. Food lukewarm. Service extremely slow. This is a pub we use at least 2x pm but new manager seems to be slipping standards. 
Great atmosphere in the pub which is frequented by young & the more mature people. It is by the canal but facing the main roads also has plenty of parking. It does seem short of staff as had to ask for a table to be cleaned whilst waiting for friends. Wines & beers were great, food & cocktails could be improved. It is a busy place so prebooking is advised. 
We had the long tasting menu and I felt let-down by the flavours in several dishes; they just were't special enough. The wine, however, was amazing. I was very excited to visit but I won't return. Try Core by Clare Smyth around the corner for a much better meal in my opinion. 
We ate here after walking through town from Kris Cruisers while we waited for our boat rental to be ready as well as wait for the rest of our party to arrive. Staff was friendly, I loved the charming decor while a little dark it was nice. We split an order of the loaded nachos they were wonderful. Short stay in town.  
I have not been to the City Barge for many years. As I remember it, it was a rather nice pub on the river with a nice selection of beers. It is now an upmarket gastro pub with hefty prices. The food & wine was good but £165 for two I found pricey, and I am used to eating out at a variety of restaurants regularly.  
Two bar pub with signs on the doors of both rooms indicating that dogs are welcome, but not children. 
My wife took me here for my birthday and whilst I can not complain at all about the food which was an example of very competent cooking the atmosphere was lacking. 
Came here last night with my other half and we were really looking forward to it!  
We have visited several Bill's and always enjoyed it, this was no different. 
A bit Expensive for what you get. We order Jamon iberico bellota and we got about 15g of the ham for a portion thats supposed to be shared. 
Bills in Richmond has a great atmosphere in the evening. Candle lit, relaxed Friday night atmosphere with wonderful waitresses and waiters. (Antonio) was fantastic and he had a great professional friendly vibe. The food came quickly and tasted delicious!!! 
A lovely lunch with my brother and sister in law at the Ledbury London. We couldn’t wait to try it as the chef, Brett Graham is renowned in Australia and we had read a lot about him.  
My wife and myself are regular visitors to this restaurant. The location and ambiance is fantastic, but the quality of food and service has reduced recently. Fish was chewy, salad was thrown together, wine was too warm. This seems to be due to a full turn-around of staff, so we are hoping for a recovery, but plan to stay away for a few months. 
Went on Sunday for family event. Sat in bar area to have a drink first, very very slow took 25mins, we were the only ones in there, 3 bar staff just standing there talking. 
I have lived in Grove Park near the river for over 30 years. In that time the surroundings have changed, people have come and gone, but what is most upsetting ; the loss of character and atmosphere of very old historical London Pubs. the City Barge is advertised as being 14th century. Sadly there is nothing 14th century about it. The once charming interior has been turned into a modern, seat as many people as possible, all too familiar gastro eatery with a nice view; over priced and over rated. I suggest if you want to sample their food book in advance, and judge the menu for yourself.  
Went here for late lunch. 
We have been going to Chapter one restaurant for many years and on the whole have enjoyed the experience. 
My family and I have been visiting Chapter One regularly for nearly 30 years. It has always been to a high standard in service and food. We were keen to visit after the refurbishment this January.  
We started with the veal tartare which was pretty good to be honest .... after that we had the cod which was very average .... the next course some had the beef and some the sea bass which were again both pretty average ... we ended with the chocolate desert and a pumpkin desert .... but would like to mention that the service was super attentive and really outstanding !!!  
We went here as it had the best reviews in Westfield shopping centre. 
On the banks of the river with lovely views. The pub though inside is soulless, Service OK but food well below any expectations one might have. Fishcakes with totally cold mash potato and a meat/cheese board as a starter swimming in oil. Whhhat?! 
Went for lunch today at the bistro. We were somewhat disappointed that having ordered 3 of the elderflower cosmo cocktails two were the same but the third had to be sent back as it was a completely different cocktail and the replacement was not as it should be. At more than £10 a drink you think they’d be able to get it right. The two french coffees ordered were also not the same. When customers are paying a premium there should be consistency so as to not disappoint. 
We booked this pub for lunch to give our overseas guests an experience of an English pub. Not a particularly warm welcome when we arrived - just mediocre. It took what seemed a long time for our order to be taken, despite there not being that many other guests in the pub. The food - warm sandwiches with roast beef strips+ - was quite tasty but the beef was a bit dry and fatty, which let it down. The pub could be described as quirky, which is all very well, but it lacked a certain caring attitude & attention to things. On leaving, the door handle which was hanging off and barely attached to the door, seemed to sum it up! 
Beautiful old English, traditional pub full of character on the edge of Windsor Castle. 
Ive been to many Turkish Restaurants, but for me, this was a bit overpriced. It looked nice inside and out but there prices are about £5-7 more than average restaurants. 
Visited last night with wife and nephew for a celebratory meal. Starters were great but the main courses only just good and at the very steep prices not good enough. This place has a great location and the staff are fine but really the prices are too high for what at the end of the day is pub food albeit at the high end. 
Went here for work night out, ordered fish and chips, fish nice chips terrible so crunchy you couldn't cut some of them.Colleague had stuffed calamari and found a stone in it and sent it back. Gave benefit of the doubt and tried deserts still not great.Service quite slow, wouldn't hurry back. The manager did however not charge us for the calamari. 
The food has improved greatly since the last change of kitchen management, but the service can be very poor one day and fine another day. Food is ordered at the bar and orders can be late or lost, with little apology. Prices a little on the high side, but the this best of a poor selection of hostelries in Datchet. Good local ales. 
Myself and my husband had dinner here. The food was lovely, I had the cod and my husband had the pie (which he said was the best he has had). The waiter was very welcoming and friendly. They had a quiz on and football in another part so was very busy. The manager seemed quite intoxicated and my husband heard some quite inappropriate conversations. 
We live just round the corner and have been using Gezi Park as our preferred Turkish takeaway ever since.  
the steak was ok if a little fatty. i asked for a salad and was served a bowl of lettuce ? funny ideas i expected at least a tomato and cucumber 
Great to see The Stag busier but sadly same old problem of staff more interested in chatting to regulars or texting on their phones than serving waiting customers. Management have to step up or risk losing trade. This pub has gone through so much over the last few years that this needs to be nipped in the bud. 
We had been recommended the City barge pub as the best place to eat along the river in Stand on the Green. It certainly looks the smartest pub from the outside, with prices to match. Our food was fine, but nothing special. My burger in particular was overcooked and dry and the accompanying bottle of Malbec was thin and really not very nice - I have never come across Malbec I dislike before. We found it overpriced for what it is (pub food) and would try an alternative pub next time. A shame as we wanted to like it and the setting is lovely. 
The restaurant has a nice feel and is clean. Four of us had lunch here. The service was good but the main meal came before we had finished the starters which was not nice since the restaurant was empty during lunch and there is no need for it. Out of the four starters only the falafel and the calamari were nice. The main meals were fairly ordinary with limp salad and tasteless rice.  
A reasonably large group on a Sunday. Low key (there were a few sore heads). We went for the brunch menu and it was perfectly fine. Service was a little haphazard (my bloody mary took far too long to arrive). A very pleasant location and good atmosphere. The Yorkshire puddings (different menu) looked amazing. 
Arrived as party of 4 was taken to our table no problem. Waiter took our drinks order forgetting to take one persons order !! Not good start. Waiter gave us menus didn't care to mention what the fish dish of the day was.Food order was taken no real care in what was ordered, did ask if any more drinks was needed even though some glasses were empty, had to ask someone else.Very average service though out had to keep asking for drinks even though there was what seems plenty of staff about.Food was ok not the wow factor at all, Bill was received with 12.5% added so theres no need for staff to work for there tips. Would not recommend plenty of better places to go that have better service nicer food and a lot better value. 
Quite a large group celebrating friendship pre Xmas. Seated unevenly at adjacent tables impossible to communicate without getting up from the table and moving across. On the set menu starters took 45 minutes to arrive and one table was on the mains before starters arrived for the other group. Service either amateur or frosty depending on the waiter, no apology for delay. The food was ok but hardly a notch above the many surrounding pubs. We often frequent for special occasions but I will be cooking at home for New Year, cheaper and better. The days of pretentious dining are over in London it’s time they disappeared from Orpington too. 
Looking smart after its refurb we thought we would go back to red peppers for some lunch and see if it's changed since our last visit a year ago. The menu is great lots to choose from service is ok but can feel staff are over stretched when busy. Hubby had burger and I had pizza it was all ok. We were there for a quick lunch so it was functional. Great for lunch and some nice non alcoholic drink options. Service was friendly and the new deco cosy. 
Although the calamari was freshly fried amd cooked, the huevos rotos tasted reheated certainly not freshly made.....more like poor quality pub food. Expensive for what you get and £7 for a glass of Ramon Bilbao Crianza which costs the same for a bottle from a supermarket is a monstrously huge mark-up. I felt ripped off. 
I have read the excellent reviews so mine will go against the grain.  
We popped in this pub for a quick drink on a Saturday evening. Lovely quirky pub and in a nice setting. I found the lady who served us was quite miserable and unwelcoming. We felt unwelcome so we decided to sit outside and left after one drink. We also visited other pubs nearby and found the staff lovely and chatty. 
Having booked two weeks ago it started badly by the table we were given.. we could have been in any hotel, behind any pillar near any kitchen, not on the banks of the Thames on a beautiful day. The service was good, although a little frenetic, with staff talking loudly to each other and to the kitchen. Sunday lunch was ok, could have been hotter, but there was certainly plenty of it. 
We ate here as a family recently and had a nice meal but it was very expensive especially the deserts! £7.50 for a bowl of ice cream with sauce and choc brownie bits on, a little disappointed. Also, we found it a little worn, the cushions on our chairs were filthy, need to be cleaned or changed. 
In relation to the wonderful standard of the hotel, this restaurant was significantly a disappointment. Eating at the hotel has 3 options, sandwiches etc. at the bar, a buffet restaurant and then the Lock.  
Whilst the City Barge is in a wonderful setting and has much character, unfortunately the same cannot be said about the food and service. Whist the visit was at a comparatively quiet time, the service was so slow, over 30 minutes to take the order and then over an hour before food came, which even then was not entirely as ordered. Food was not of quality expected for such a highly priced pub. 
Great location both for the lovely view of the river and easy to park. The service was slow we ordered our meal and waited over 45 minutes for the food to arrive. Which was surprising as the restaurant was not too busy. I ordered the noodle bun which was very fresh and tasty . I had ordered the additional chicken but this just tasted like grilled chicken I expected a more oriental flavouring to compliment the noodle. The sticky toffee pudding was light and fluffy and oozed with trickle. Defiantly worth a visit. 
Had Sunday lunch here and it was ok. Found that quality of food was overpriced. Service and atmosphere did make up for the visit. 
I have been dining at this resturant in Esher for many years always had a good time with good service & great food. I received a Discount voucher this week stating if the total bill was £30.00 or over we would receive a 10% Discount. 
If you ask for diet coke you should get just that or the bar staff should say its a cheap mix but if you want a bottle then we have that too. The mix was revolting. Baguette bread was nice, salad garnish was limp and the pulled pork was nice but a very small amount spread very thinly. Hubby had brie and bacon which was nicly filled...much better. His beer was very nice and staff friendly. Expensive for what we got. 
Being a village pub despite belonging to a chain the service, food and atmosphere could be better. 
Eaten in here and had carry out. When you eat in, they bully you around , where to sit, when to order, grab and snatch things, bark at you and all very rushed. When you have take out the skewers of meat that are put on the grill seem to drastically reduce in numbers and you only get a few cubes put in your take away. So keep an eye on what you get as they seem to take bits off. Chicken seems pumped full water and not usual texture but edible. Very small portion salad given and meal padded out with bread. Not best I've had in the area. Little man (boss maybe) dictating to you when and where to stand and sit is a really annoying guy. Had to tell him to leave us alone. 
ok food but needs warming up .also staff can be a little moody if you complain , but over all very nice  
After a long day travelling we needed comfort food and that is exactly what we got at this well appointed well established pub in the village of Datchet. We looked out over the green and enjoyed mains of venison burger (three of us!) and rump steak (one of us). All tasty and well cooked washed down with a good bottle of Argentinian Malbec. 
The service was great and I loved my burger. But we had a seat near the door and it was a cold day so we were constantly getting hit by the air everything someone came or went. 
In comparisons to other Turkish restaurants the food was very good but more on the pretty looks, small portion side, but good quality. The venue is nicely decorated but the atmosphere was dire for lunch. You could hear a pin drop, it almost felt awkward to speak, maybe a bit of music would help and some social interaction from the waitresses, possibly a smile just to break the otherwise strangely tense atmosphere. The venue certainly charges at the higher end for Turkish food in London, but falls well short with service. I spent ages, along with a few other diners staring into what felt like a black whole when trying to get the attention of the waitresses during a time when the restaurant was not busy. It felt like extreme effort for the waitresses to provide a friendly level of service, which essentially let the whole experience down 
I went to this restaurant for lunch with a client on Monday 23rd February. I regularly eat in turkish restaurants in north London, Edmonton, palmers Green, Stroud green, Haringay… I usually order the standard mixed grill and it is normally between £23 and £28 depending on where you go. The compatible mixed grill at this restaurant was £45 with a smaller one excluding lamb chops at £35 which is the one we went with. So approx. £10 more for less food, i was expecting something pretty amazing. The food was decent enough, lamb ribs succulent and it was all quite tasty, but the rice portion, bread portion and salad portion were not great and overall I think it was very poor value for money and what I would have expected to pay in Kensington or Central London somewhere. I wouldn't go back to this restaurant as there are so many better ones that are 25% cheaper relatively nearby. 
food was nice, good deal, i found the waitress very rude...when i asked for water at room temp...her reaction was ' i dont control how it comes out of the taps'... there was a man there who was helpful/friendly...maybe the manager ...i did complain but they didnt seem to take it very seriously but he did serve me room temp water 
Restaurant expensive for the quality of the food. Adequate for dinner out with a group of friends such as dinner a week or so before Xmas 
My friend and I booked for this evening a few weeks in advance and was looking forward to it as we both enjoy gin and have visited gin tasting festivals before.  
We went to the Lock for our wedding anniversary as we had eaten there before and had a good experience. Unfortunately my wife ordered the Halibut off of the main menu, she took the first mouthful and had three bones in it. This put her off eating the rest. I asked the waiter if it was supposed to be deboned and he said yes the fish is boney and that's why you have a fish knife. I questioned this and he checked with the chef who said the same. We felt that if that is the way they serve it then perhaps they should advise the customers so they can make an informed decision, as whenever we have ordered halibut in other restaurants it has been deboned! 
There are lots of lovely restaurants locally but we hadn't been back here for a good 10 years and decided to give it a go. Great setting, clean tables and friendly staff. We had fish and chips and calves liver. The fish and chips was lovely but personally I find it annoying to be charged additionally for some simple garden peas on the side. If the review was based on this meal we would probably return but unfortunately my mum is a big fan of calves liver and this failed to live up to expectations. She asked for it to be served pink and it was served overdone with some burnt bits around the edges. She didn't want to wait for another one to be cooked (which was what the waitress offered as said she had asked the chef for it to be pink) ...it was still "ok" but it's just a shame as this let the place down because we'd rather go back to the tried and tested places we know that will serve my mum a pink calves liver. 
...in Datchet as it's the only pub, I think. So, it's a little bit of a humdrum place but seems very popular. The outdoor area - a rather seedy section of the car park - was full of young folk smoking making it an unpleasant place to enjoy a beer. Glad I wasn't eating there. 
Went here for lunch to celebrate an anniversary and a promotion. Was very disappointed after hearing good things about this restaurant. Service was brilliant. Food really wasn't anything special, myself and one other had the duck, it was presented lovely however it was very fatty and chewy, not how duck should be. My girlfriend and one other had the steak which was served the wrong way round, but was nice. They overcharged us on the bill which was very expensive as it was. Won't be in a rush to go back there. Average food and very expensive.  
We’ve lived in the area all our lives and we’ve been going to Chapter one previously called (The New Fantel) ever since we can remember. The food is always good even if the service over the years has deteriorated I’m afraid to mention. On one occasion they forgot my daughters birthday cake. They had the courtesy to send us one home the following day as a gesture of apologies. On this occasion when my wife asked the waiter if her plum sponge pudding was stoppose to be served hot he’s reply was I don’t know let me find out for You Madam. This I’m sorry to say it’s not acceptable in a restaurant of these fine standards.  
Attended chapter one last weekend for a wedding function. The food was absolutely fantastic. The rip off is the bar. Prices were very high and they add on a service charge marked 'opt service' which means you don't need to actually pay this but everyone in our party of 50 didn't query it and all that extra money was paid for nothing. If we wanted to tip, we would have. The drinks were dear enough as it was. Put me off going again 
Popped in for supper after a day at Twickenham rugby game. great service, reasonably priced food and drink. meal was good for pub food and overall a very nice visit. 
Went there Sunday dinner for the first time with the missus. 
Situated on the edge of Windsor, next to the entrance to the Windsor Great Park, the pub has 2 bars - designated 'This' and 'That' bar. There are old bottles (empty) on shelves and pieces of old orange box nailed to the wall (presumably to make the place look old and cosy for the Chinese tourists so they can take snaps to show at home). There were three real ales on tap, which is good, and some 'local colour' at the bar - this consisted a drunken Scotsman (aren't they all?) and three other barflies who were blocking the entrance to the seating area. I was told by a Windsor resident that I would enjoy this pub. Oh dear! 
This was a moderate experience. The presentation of both roast lunches was unattractive. Typical of UK, the portions were too large, which we found off-putting. It took three attempts to find a white wine which was actually dry, but the staff were accommodating. It is a lovely setting, but I would not rush back for lunch. The staff were extremely scruffily dressed for a hotel.  
Despite week's notice, Left Bank was full so booked for Lock Bar. Not a good experience. Staff nice but service incredibly slow. 2.5 hours without coffee. So noisy we took coffee in lounge which was very pleasant. Food unremarkable. Back to Left Bank next time. Just so disappointing all round. 
We went to the Royal Stag last night for dinner and drinks and were quite disappointed.  
Been to this restaurant several times. On this occasion, the atmosphere was very quiet for a Thursday evening. Our waitress gave good service. Food was decent if unspectacular. 
The Stag is the only decent pub in Datchet in my opinion. The food is better than what you might expect - it's good quality fairly basic fare at reasonably good value. 
We had not realised in advance what a huge place the Runnymede Hotel was. When you drive up you feel you are coming to an airport hotel. The hotel lacks character but the "Lock Bar & Kitchen" was nice inside. Food fine but not great. 2 fish main courses very dry. Starters and mains better. Service was very good. 
Good food lovely oldy welcoming pup lovely sitting outsid 
An expensive but, disappointing lunch with under-cooked scallops (all 2! of them) + tomato flavoured butternut squash soup!? I shall not be rushing back.  
Grandkids love this place but we have been put off as the chef seems to be always outside in the adjacent alley sitting or standing smoking in his uniform and this gives us the shudders 
Find the service and food is not what it was. Saturday night food had clearly been under lamp for too long and cod main dried out. Mentioned to waitress however no action taken. Accompanying dish was forgotten. Won't be back for a long while. 
A Sunday evening at 7.30pm. Plenty of staff but not very good service. Gave up waiting to be offered dessert menu. Annoyed to find bill automatically adds service charge. Food was ok but pricey. Won't be going back :( 
We ate here for Sunday lunch, opting to sit outside to take advantage of the warm weather. Service at the bar was friendly and quick, and we ordered a fish cake starter to share and two roasts (one beef, one pork) along with drinks. Total bill was around £30 for two, which is very good value. 
I’ve been here many times and everything has always been reliably good. Well, something has changed with the menu changes. Dishes were downright strange, as evidenced by the trout with ravioli which didn’t really work and the apricot and burrata starter which was confusing. A pineapple dessert had too much going on and was heavy on the palette. Having said this, staff are charming and efficient and we had a very nice time-I can only hope that the “experimental” dishes are relegated to another division and the first rate dishes of the past are re-introduced.  
Agree with previous reviews. Food is quite good for a pub but PLEASE don't order if in a large group or if busy as it simply won't happen. Staff are too busy constantly checking and texting on their mobiles at the expense of customers who are forced to wait. Ban mobiles from the workplace and service will automatically improve. Great range of beers although the ladies are reluctant or unable to change barrels. So in need of a caring..hands on manager. Always a warm welcome from Rob. 
Travelled 4.5,000 miles to celebrate my 50th birthday with my husband. Chose the tasting menu with wine and then cheese board. Service was amazing, the wine pairings with the courses, dissapointing, we found them to be cheap wines that did not bring out the best in the dishes presented. One, a rhubarb wine, even smelled like a sewer! Felt most of the dishes were over stated, the smoked eel in candied beetroot, looked nice but no beetroot taste and so little eel. A few good combinations of textures and tastes. Hen of the woods was amazing, probably the best dish. The cheese choices were very limited and only given a small sliver at that. Have to say for a 2 Michelin starred restaurant we were unimpressed. 
I came here on the recommendations of a friend and on arrival it looked good with seating outside leading to a large dining area. 
A pleasant busy pub in the town. Staff all friendly though they were understaffed at times and seem to wander off when ever you needed some assistance. The food took a while to arrive but was of good quality. The wine we ordered was typically overpriced for what it was sadly. We would have bought 2 bottles if it was £16 or 17 rather than £23 for a sauvignon blanc. 
I have to say i do not live in Datchet visted this pub along time ago poor.The new owners are graet people they own our pub in New Malden Surrey.Which is called Woodies the changes are amazing .Please give them time and the pub will be amazing.A great pub for you to enjoy. 
Only went here for some drinks. Had to wait 15 minutes to get served because the staff was either talking or serving someone that came after me. The seem expensive and they served it to me in a used glass and when I told them that the glass has already been used they didn't seem to care. Won't be going back here again  
Food was ok rather than good. Waiting was a bit hit and miss. Location is good and maybe it's best for a few drinks outside on a nice day. 
I have had dinner here twice and it is a typical hotel restaurant. Service is average, food is reasonable but overpriced. An "average" rating maybe on the low side, but it is closer to "average" than to "very good"  
The menu seemed very different from previous years , no rump steak?! Odd, 
My wife had been going on for a while about eating at Bills. So one evening we popped in for dinner. 
We live close to Bills. We like Bills and have gone for breakfast with friends and family. To be fair, breakfast at Bill's is probably the only meal that we have eaten there, but it is good. I often bought take away coffee's on Saturday and Sunday mornings! But this has stopped, which is a shame. 
First time visiting for 3 years. We were a little late due to traffic, but had called ahead in good time. Our table was quite chilly, maybe due to the proximity of the door. However, it was a nice lunch with very good professional and attentive service. A little expensive for what we got I though. Nice tough having a cupcake with candle. They have decorated very nicely, and will visit again sometime in the future. 
We have visited many, many times over the years and have enjoyed some exceptional food, beautifully presented. Unfortunately our latest meal, although pleasant enough, left us feeling somewhat underwhelmed.  
Staff in Restaurant quite miserable. Food OK but not Memorable. 
Throughout the meal I could not get the old song out of my head. 
1) Waiter wasn't particularly professional for a two Michelin. Came across as very casual / rude. 
Our meal was well prepared but we were not wowed. 
It was a hot day so of course this does enhance any outside dining experience but it was particularly nice as it was a week day so not too busy although all Riverside tables were taken by 12.15pm. It would help if all tables were provided with umbrellas as 2 tables (our included) had none and when we asked for the one at the end, we were told it was to protect the till! Other customers made the same request so it should be noted as very hot days do need it. The drinks were cold, the food was fairly prompt and very tasty - we had 2 starters each which were excellent and it was too hot for pudding. The waiter worked hard and kept filling our glasses. I would certainly visit again but ensure I got there early as we took the last table. Menu was varied and just right for a pub by the river. 
Went with my husband and children. I asked for a cake that would be suitable for the children. When I tasted it, it tasted alcoholic. It was! Apparently all the cakes are! We should have been offered our money back really as we did ask specifically. There were no suitable drinks for kids. It’s probably ok to visit without kids. 
After really enjoying lunch in the Brasserie on several occasions, most recently in January, our experience yesterday was very disappointing. Firstly, the area felt cold and draughty so not comfortable. Our fish and chips arrived lukewarm on a cold plate with soggy batter rather than piping hot with a crispy coating so must have been sitting around somewhere. Others had the salmon dish which was fine though one guest had requested chips instead of crushed potatoes with hers and it came without either the cavalo nero or the sauce. Desserts were good as was a cheese portion ( at a whopping £9.50). The house white wine was ok. but overpriced at £21. Overall we did not feel we had value for money with seemingly increased prices for carelessly presented food. We won’t be rushing back. 
Visited Sowa after reading great reviews - made a special trip from the outskirts of London.  
This was a table for four for dinner 
We booked a table at chapter one for 9pm last night for evening dinner. The restaurant itself is decorated in a contemporary theme as is the bar/brassiere. My partner and I have dined here many times before and it’s always been spectacular however last night was not. After being given bread and water we were provided with menus and waited around 20 minutes to order. We ordered wine and then were asked by. various staff members if we wanted to order wine!!! My partner chose the scallop starter which had one scallop. I would have thought maybe two or three. I chose the pork main dish and was advised it was cooked med rare and asked for mine medium however it came out extremely pink so I asked for it to be cooked some more. It came out with blood oozing out of it really! Sent it back again an it was perfect however my partner had finished his dinner. We were sat next to an extremely noisy table and it was difficult to hear each other. Not the restaurants fault and they offered to move us when we’d finished however I do think restaurants should have a quiet word with noisy guests as it puts other guests off returning. One of the waiters said he could hear them on the other side of the restaurant. On the plus side the staff were very friendly and the attention to detail and taste (once cooked appropriately) was exquisite. Good selection of wines. The manager removed my main course from the bill and coffees were free of charge however that’s wasn’t the point. We just wanted a enjoyable evening. Would we return? Jury’s out!!!  
I have previously review Chapter One & nothing has changed. the food is good & well presented the Staff are attentive and the ambience is pleasantly lively on the Friday Night we were there with a Family group of 18 on 2x tables. 
We have been to this restaurant and patisserie a few times as we enjoy the distinctive menu and change of culture.However on this occasion we simply had coffee and cakes. Whilst the decaf coffee was excellent,the cakes were disappointing and did not live up to expectations. The comment was met with complete disinterest. It is also important to note that a 12.5% service charge is automatically added which makes such a pop-in treat very expensive. 
We celebrated a family birthday with dinner at this lovely looking pub and as we are all great fans of steaks, that was what we all had. My starter of crispy fried squid was lovely - just one and crispy on the outside with a tasty garlic dip. The steak were slightly charred on the outside and cooked medium-rare as requested. French fries were crispy and there was plenty of it and the peppercorn sauce was ok - a little greasy and not the tastiest. Service however was prompt, staff were friendly but we felt the steak just looked and smelled like it was cooked over a gas grill. Nothing to complain about really but we have had better but we liked the ambience and the friendly service. 
Family Sunday Lunch. Restaurant was very stuffy with an assortment of stale food smells. A good number of options for a 3 course set meal but no chicken or lamb in the mains. I had the pigs head terrine - very thin slice with quite an unpleasant texture and bland taste. Things got better with the Roast Beef - decent bit of meat, Good roast potatoes and green beans. Excellent red cabbage. Nice try at a Yorkshire pudding - you might nail that one soon! Dessert? Ummm functional, tasted like a good supermarket offering.  
My sister, mum and boyfriend came here for dinner. We are all polish bar my boyfriend.  
This pub is in a good spot and looks pretty so I understand the draw but I've been there a couple of times and to be honest, I think it is trading on its location and as a result has become lazy about customer service. The wait at the bar can be long, staff a bit offhand and it's also tiny and cramped so unless you can get a table outside near to the park then I'd be inclined to give it a miss. There are better bars in Windsor.  
Positives: 
My husband and I came here for my birthday lunch. The staff were friendly and delightful. The food tasted amazing. However the calamari was a bit chewy. But apart from that it was a lovely experience  
We visited on Easter Sunday for lunch and I've heard great reviews so was expecting a treat. We had to book at 12 or 2pm as they obviously go for two lots of covers at this busy time - understandable but slightly annoying. 
Classic looking riverside pub with a nice atmosphere. The food is comforting and quite tasty. It's what you'd expect from a gastro pub these days. The staff were really friendly but couldn't remember the soup of the day or any specials. 
We hadn't planned to eat here but after a couple of G&T's thought why not. 
We visited The City Barge to meet some grinds from Australia who we hadn't seen for five years. They used to live in Chiswick and visited the establishment frequently in the past. There was a reasonably large group of us and the staff were surprised that we hadn't booked at 4.30pm but managed to accommodate us. However, they then constantly reminded us that the tables were required for 7.45pm and 8pm. Surely, it is not beyond their ability to manage the situation so that we could have our little reunion and then be in our way within a 3-and-a-half hour timeframe? I ordered for my three children. It didn't eat myself as every time I acquired a seat, a member of staff would take it away saying that it was needed at another table! My children and friends said the food was delicious. The bar staff were great, but the waitresses really need to get their act together to mange flow so that everyone is made to feel welcome and not an inconvenience to later bookings. We were there to spend money for goodness sake! 
The Tapas Bar & Restaurant is situated on the gallery overlooking the events area. The service was a bit hit and miss, just not enough Staff, though they were very friendly. Standard selection of Tapas and some interesting sin achol drinks! We chose the Chef' selection for two. Very tasty. 
Had a lovely lunch here following a great walk by the river. Wonderful setting and always a pleasure to visit. Could have done without the presence of a fairly large dog walking though the tables while we were eating; when did it start to be acceptable to have pets in a restaurant? My husband is allergic, and this certainly spoiled it for us. 
We chose a busy night but the welcome and initial several wasn’t the best. Probably much better on a quieter night outside ‘eat out to help out’ season. Chicken is really excellent but avoid the calamari. 
1st visit your this restaurant. 4 of us for a evening meal. Restaurant was busy with patrons clean and tidy.  
Food was surprisingly good and well priced. But the staff were easily overwhelmed when it got even slightly busy. Their beef stew was rather good and the Wye Valley smoked salmon likewise. 
Very disappointed that this restaurant is now becoming too informal and more like a pub. 
We went to celebrate our two friends' anniversaries. We were given a set lunch Sunday menu where the offer was to choose 2 course for 18.95 or add a third course for about £8. The menu had no individual course or meal prices. When it came to paying for the meals, we were overcharged by about £20. When we enquired it turns out, we were charged individually for each course at rates we weren't even aware of! We were told it was a mistake in the tills. If we hadn't enquired, we would probably have left being ripped off. Given that, I am a bit surprised that they only corrected the bill. I would have expected a discount as compensation. 
I liked the simple decor and very much enjoyed the welcome we received. I was looking forward to some really nice fish/seafood dishes given the name of the restaurant and the reviews. It did not live up to our expectations. As a person who really enjoys this type of food I found it only average. 
This is a hard review to write, as The Ledbury is *almost* perfection. The atmosphere, the decor, the presentation... all perfect. The staff are almost comical in their charming, welcoming perfection. The food was beautiful, picture-perfect, but ultimately a bit soulless. Don't get me wrong; everything was very good. We ate many things we had never tried and liked it all. Do you know those moments when you put something in your mouth and it surprises you? When you just close your eyes and take a moment to savour the layers of flavour, trying to figure out what you're tasting and marvelling at how each flavour enhances the other? When you are transported somewhere and can't speak for a good moment? I didn't have a single one of those moments. None of us did. And frankly, with the reputation that The Ledbury has, I should have had at least one of those moments. I was expecting one of those moments, and it never came. While I can't specifically fault the restaurant on any front, it was ultimately disappointing. I was hoping to have my mind blown, but it was just okay. 
My friends and I have been visiting this restaurant religiously a number of times as we liked the ambience, service and the steaks they served. For the past 2 times, they just did not get the steaks right. When we order medium rare, we get medium. When we order rare, we get medium rare. This was hugely disappointing. We told the staff the first time but since it was the same again last time we went, we are now looking for another venue to eat after work. 
The set up is fine, the food portion are too small, the theme Spanish tapas sound good but not sure of the location middle of a shopping center, not ideal can't relax as crowd of shopper walking by.... What a shame  
A quiet night, few in yet 40 mins in still nothing served despite chefs in open kitchen not looking active. A prompt led to activity - suspect our order hadn't been processed by the waitress who was struggling. The chicken dryish and bland; the lamb well cooked but the lentils and spinach, although tasty, barely warm. A very cold plate didn't help. The craft of Rioja was Tempranillo but very thin and not at all Rioja like. Had a much better meal for less money at Carluccios the night before. I always worry about the culture of a place when on quiet nights the basics arent done right. A party well known to the owners was in and no doubt may generate different reviews as have been there previously. I can only say as we found We only live 10 mins away but won't go again I don't think 
It is ok. For two Michelin stars Gidleigh park is infinitely better. London prevails at ostentatiousness over style and substance. 
The number of good reviews for zufa suggests quality, however ultimately there is a wide variety in quality seen. The zaatar bread was expertly created and the salads were nicely constructed. The hummus Beiruty was strangely disappointing however, lacking that extra kick one would expect. Overall a safe if not stellar option.  
Had been at a conference and stopped here for a light bite and a glass of sangria with colleagues. First issue was that we had to sit at a specific area of the bar as we were told 'there were not enough staff available' - staffing seemed ok to us for the footfall at the time. The sangria was half price as it was early evening - glad of this as to be honest a bit of cheap red wine and lemonade is only worth £7.50. The tapas items themselves were acceptable but nothing exciting - it was a shame as I had eaten here before about a year ago and it was much better. 
Family Christmas lunch for 11 and 1 in a high chair. Restaurant was busy and it took an hour for the first course to arrive. We were not in a hurry so no big deal for us but worth a mention. Very generous helpings of smoke salmon for the starter. Ravioli starter was tiny. Servings of meat in the roasts were very generous but lacking in gravy. Food quality was good, service could have been better but it is always difficult to serve a large party. Hotel itself looks lovely, modern and well maintained. I would certainly go back for a similar function or any other informal occasion. 
We had a pleasant evening with good food 
It's not bad just not as good as the reviews from the papers. My companion for the evening is Spanish and wasn't impressed. I'm not Spanish and thought it was OK. 
We live locally and this was a first visit with friends. First impression was good brought down by paper serviettes rather than linen knapkins. Staff friendly but over-priced food average and served erratically with two of us having to wait rather too long for our companions to be served. We normally eat at Cote (Richmond, Soho and Teddington), The Wharf fell far short of Cote’s standards in value for money, overall service and quality and quantity of food. 
For many years my family have eaten at Rara. It was one of our favourite restaurants in London. The cuisine was surprisingly light, delicious and "healthy" for Nepalese food. From the appetiser crudités to the signature dishes bursting with complex yet subtle spices, fiery flavours and first class ingredients every morsel was mouthwatering.  
Have visited several times of the years as its a great location next to the Thames and normally not a problem to park which is a bonus 
The in-laws took the family out to celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary. Lunch was the chosen time and a table had been reserved.  
The Ledbury had been on our list for some time and we visited with Friends for a long Saturday lunch. 
My partner and I were really looking forward to eating at this restaurant, we were staying at the hotel and had a meal the night before at the hotels other (excellent) restaurant The Leftbank. 
We've eaten here on several occasions as it's a perfect distraction from the numerous retail outlets. Service is a bit hit and miss, especially when they are busy. Likewise the portions are quite small and relatively pricey. However, the tapas are quite authentic and will give you a much needed boost from a hard day's shopping. This said, we wouldn't make the trip to Westfield just to eat here, which I guess sums up the place. 
Quite expensive for fish and chips a pint and some bread. Decent quality food and a nice location near the banks of the Thames. I would probably look for something with a little better value next time around. 
It's a bar-restaurant in a 4-star hotel. What do you expect? Slightly interesting dishes, better-than-average service and tasty food, for relatively high prices.  
Having read all the glowing reviews, 4 of us went for lunch. The service was very pleasant but could the portions have been any smaller. Greek salads were of starter size but a full price is charged and the jacket potatoes were tiny. 
Stopped into this pub looking for a quick lunch after a visit to Windsor Castle. Got there close to 2:00 pm so all they were serving was sandwiches. The kids were with us and we were told that they could not eat inside so we took a table outside even though it was very warm out. The food was good but rather pricey. The service was friendly. This pub was a few blocks from the castle entrance but right near the Long Walk. I would give it 4 stars but for the prices. 
We ate here with family. We mainly ordered more starters. The service was ok though could have taken our drinks order first. The food was ok not as authentic as i would have liked. The portion sizes were reasonable.  
When you book a table for eight for a meal 10 days before Christmas, it helps if the restaurant is expecting you! We booked in October via Quandoo (it was a redirect from the Rara website) and received email confirmation of the booking. But judging by the look on faces, and the lack of a table set for eight, we were not expected. True, a table was found (downstairs in the not best part of the restaurant) and the food and service were great. But it could so easily have ended in tears! 
We visited the new Zufa restaurant in Hatch End with friends. The aubergine dip was absolutely delicious. The chicken shish was average. Tthe flatbreads were very flat and the salad was a bit mushy. The Lebanese wine was excellent. The waiter was friendly. The restaurant was very pretty but virtually empty. That being the case, I think had I been the Maitre D I would have spent a bit more time smiling and welcoming new guests and try to promote more custom. We may give it a second go but there are so many similar restaurants in Hatch End. I would not discourage giving it a try. It is probably better in the evening and we did have the cheap set meal. 
When you have been on your feet for awhile this is a great place to grab a beer. We also had churros which we found to be more crunchy here - we are used to them being a softer pastry. Overall it was a nice place to sit and great customer service. 
Nice restaurant but food OK not outstanding. Ordered French Onion Soup (the special) - very sweet and burnt croutons. My husband had the smoked salmon which he enjoyed. For mains I had the Kitchen Burger which was nice and the chips were great, my husband had the rib eye steak which he said was OK but not memorable. Stafff are nice. 
This popular Lebanese Restaurant offer a good value lunch menu on Monday to Friday (excluding Bank Holidays). Food is tasty and service good, although you would need to visit in the evening for any real atmosphere. The dinner menu is considerably more costly and I would venture to say rather overpriced for a provincial eatery. We did try to book in a large group around early December and were told that we could only have the very pricey (and restrictive) Xmas menu. Perhaps the restaurant has become rather too self important. 
Nice little place in Ealing, very cultural and well decorated. Dim lights make for a chilled evening. Wish there were more options on the menu and more soft drinks. Food was food though and VERY strong margarita cocktails! Only bad thing was that there was a hair in my colleagues dinner!  
We went for a pre theatre meal so were conscious of time. Our daughter and I decided we’d like to order 4 starters between us for our meals and husband and daughter’s boyfriend ordered fish main courses. The waiter was quite off hand in his attitude and told us that there was no way any starters would be served at the same time as mains as they have different cooking timings? He said if he accepted our order that the mains would arrive at least 10 minutes after. We’d already chosen so we accepted this. It made for a very uneasy atmosphere, we’ve ordered like this many times before in various restaurants and have never encountered any issues with our order being prepared and served at the same time. No attempt whatsoever was made to bring the 2 mains early. We sat and ate whilst the men looked at us. When we’d finished the plates were cleared and the 2 mains were immediately brought over so they were ready? 
The Ledbury is a good restaurant which makes good food; never is there a dish which is unappetizing. The service is also very good, although, not quite the upper echelon of service within the restaurant industry. Again, The Ledbury is a good and consistent restaurant, but that’s about all there is to say after tasting half of the menu which seems content with mimicking the bland flavors and textures which are easily found at so many other non-Michelin rated establishments.  
I took my mother here for lunch and overall it was an enjoyable experience, however it did not live up to previous visits or a recent visit to their sister hotel The Grove. On the plus side: the location is lovely, the selection of food was extensive and some of it very good indeed. On the less positive side: the service was mediocre with us having to ask for dirty plates to be cleared, the "hot" food was barely lukewarm (although of good quality). In fairness, they were very busy when we arrived, but the service did not improve when it got quieter and the waitresses were decidely inattentive. It was my mother's 90th birthday (which I'd stated when booking) so it was especially disappointing that everything was not up to previous high standards. The Maitre D was charming and my mother was provided with a birthday dessert but that didn't make up for the general experience. 
Polish pierogi and cakes are really good and tasty. We have visited on Saturday evening and this restaurant was busy. Service was slow, however friendly. There is poor selection of wines and even poorest selection of beers. Only one or two polish beers in bottles, no draughts. 
We went on a Sunday evening and even before we were seated an extremely harassed waitress told us they couldn't serve us any food as they were too overworked. We said we'd start with drinks and wait for the tapas. As soon as we were seated an extremely harassed waiter told us the same. We had a drink and there were now only 50% of the stools filled with customers, but no less harassed waiting staff. We asked if we might have a few slices of Iberia ham, which was on the counter about 3 feet away from the waiter, with a guy standing there who responsible for slicing. We were told the slicing machine wasn't working.....Anyone heard of a knife....? After another 10 mins we asked to see the manageress and pointed out that there were barely 6 or 8 customers left and could we please have some food. She replied that 'Oh yes, the kitchen is open again now', but that the waiter/barman had't been informed! Our fried squid arrived....soggy not crisp. Other dishes were fair/average. 
Starters were mostly good but the mains were dry (chicken) and not enough veggie options. 
I eat here on a semi regular basis as my office is close by and my experience has varied between the exemplary to the barely passable. This seems to heavily depend on the waiting staff in duty and the number of people eating (hence the stress levels of the waiting staff and speed of service). 
I have been here a few times before and will no doubt visit again. The food is tasty and a quick tapas fix if you are in the mood. It does have a very 'ding' food feel about it - which is fine but for what you are getting it is very expensive - you could expect to pay the same in some brilliant tapas restaurants in the UK. Whilst I personally have always received good service, I have witnessed staff being quite rude to other customers and rolling their eyes etc. This may be to do with the location and language barriers.  
On a wonderfully sunny evening this summer we ate outside , watching the boats go through the Lock next to the River Thames as the sun slowed behind the trees...fabulous setting for an evening meal. 
The service was fantastic. Could not fault them. Attentive, quick, friendly and joked with us. Very happy to leave them a tip at the end. But the food has dragged the score down. I had mussels marinier and whilst it was very tasty, the sauce was the thickness of mayonnaise rather than the traditional soupy consistency. I then had the surf and turf, a sirloin steak and three very large king prawns. Great portion size and the steak was cooked exactly as I had asked for, however both steak and prawns lacked flavour and I suspect they were both cooked from frozen.  
My husband and I enjoyed the food at Zufa during Ramadan. We ordered soup and moutabbal for our starters. Both were good. For our mains we had a Chef’s specia slices lamb enriched in a spicy tomato and onion sauce served with rice. And a kofta dish. Both we ok. Having lived in the Middle East for several years and regularly dined out. The food at Zufa was ok but not as authentic as it could be. 
We came here a few years ago and had a really great night sat outside under twinkling fairy lights and a patio heater whilst we ate. The lights and patio heater have gone and now it seems like an average hotel restaurant. We were disappointing with the wine list as they only had 9 red wines to choose from and we tried 3 and we didn't like any of them despite paying 50 pound per bottle.We went for drinks after in the bar and we were served with a glass of Australian Shiraz which was lovely! Why cant they serve that in the restaurant? The food was enjoyable. We ate steak, hake and the lamb and everyone enjoyed it. 
Food was not bad, especially the little sausages. But I think the atmosphere and overall quality at L'Attakia is much better- plus their pricing is better. 
Pleasant anb, world service, food unsatisfactory...The impression that it can do much better than this 
The waiter is very good at his job but his appearence is very disappointing. Such messy hair. Unbelievable! Theres an Indian waiter with messy curly hair. Needs to be short and professional. 
Typical Spanish tapas place, with great food and drinks. It really seemed you were in Spain because of the way they worked (shouting each other while speaking with the customer in spanish ...) 
Nice old style pub with good selection of beers, ales & wine. Very rustic and nice looking, but service is borderline rude. If you can live with it, then it's worth to pay a visit 
We went for lunch on Sunday. It is a very nice room and the staff are friendly and helpful. We found the food was average but the prices were not. The starter (risotto) I had ordered was put in front of me and looked appetising and really well presented. I was warned the plate was very hot. However the food had lukewarm patches leading me to suspect it had been reheated in a microwave. Similarly my wife was unimpressed with her beetroot salad. The main courses, cod and lamb, were OK but too uninspired to justify the price. On the other hand we have to report absolutely no complaints about the cheeseboard, but we don't feel that is enough to redeem matters - overall: must try harder 
It's a place to eat in a hotel . The fare is well cooked and not surprising, it has very little ambiance or pretence,but it is tasty and at the end of it all you feel like you have had a meal.  
I have often driven past zufa and finally decided to give it a try. It is nice and bright inside and clean. They have an outside patio area as well. The food is traditional Lebanese with all the classics and a few twists. The food is nicely presented and the staff is friendly.  
The dining room is rather understated and ordinary. Tables are well spaced and the service is immaculate.... however, our team of four there for lunch were rather underwhelmed. The amuse bouche selection was tasty. The starter of yellow tomato soup was tasty but not exceptional and the main course of lamb was, frankly rather ordinary..... the best was kept for last as the passion fruit shuffle was great. Wine was expensive and perhaps we chose unwisely but it was really poor. The bill for four for lunch was, needless to say, on the expensive side of expensive. 
Went for a quick lunch, but the whole experience was one big frustrating wait. Not sure whether it was due to being seated virtually outside the place, but it took AGES to have our drink and food orders taken. We watched other people arrive, order and receive their orders whilst we waited to order ourself. When we eventually ordered and received our drinks, and one meal... It was disappointing to have to wait another 15mins for the the other meal to come. We did ask a few times if we could order/where our drinks and food were, but this didn't seem to affect anything. When the other meal did come our server didn't really care much and appeared to find it quite humorous. Despite the lunch menu (not tapas) tiny portion sizes (the paella was about 4 mouthfuls), the food was very delicious. Shame this was entirely overshadowed by the poor service. 
I am in a bit of difficulty here in evaluating Rara, because almost all parts had their good and bad sides. First of all food – this was more good than bad. We had papadums for starters and two different lamb dishes for mains, everything was good though hardly outstanding. Washed the food with Gurkha beer - not bad at all, even though I prefer more taste of hops in mine. Service though fast and pleasant, was somewhat haphazard crowned with the fact that we had to remind to bring the change (do not know whether it was deliberate, though). Ambience: the place is small and very narrow, it is like dining in a train carriage, or even a bus. So, the place is just average and all in all, rather pricey. 
Service was very good but food very average. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things... Other people seem to rave about this place. 
Have visited many times over the years, for dinner and private parties. I’ve never hesitated to recommend or return but sadly after the last experience, I’d probably think twice. Both my courses were poor in quality and quantity. I chose the fish stew and received 2 mussels, 2 prawns, a very small piece of salmon in some jus and 2 very hard new potatoes. The whole dish was pretty tasteless to be honest. I finished my meal 10 minutes before everyone else at the table as portion size was so small. It wasn’t value for money and desert was also tiny and over priced. Maybe I was just unlucky with my choice, but fish stew probably needs to be taken off the menu or made more substantial. I’m not a greedy person, but I do appreciate good food and would prefer not to be ripped off. 
Went there with a friend after some intensive shopping. We shared 6 plates of tapas and a jug of Sangria. It was our first time sitting at a bar area in a busy shopping centre and to our surprise we felt quite comfortable there. It wasn't cheap but we did have a lovely evening there so it's okay 
Food was great, menu different but dishes of really high quality. My main criticism is the staff - you know if you are not part of the Brewers clique! Thats the main reason that I dont go as often as I would like to.  
Entirely acceptable food in nice surroundings. Nothing extraordinary, but well-trained staff who worked hard to make the evening enjoyable, 
Tapas Revolution is essentially a long two-sided bar in a prominent position overlooking a balcony in Westfield Shepherd's Bush. Diners who perch in stools are quickly intercepted by friendly bar staff, served a drink (in my case a glass of Tempranilo) and given some complimentary potato slices with little cubes of tomato and onion (the gesture, unfortunately, being nicer than the food itself). I chose three tapas, which varied considerably in quality. First to arrive were cubes of sausage and potato with a fried egg on top. When I chopped up the egg and mixed it with the other ingredients the result was a hearty casserole. A gazpacho soup served in a glass was bright orange in colour, a little bland, and because cold, perhaps ought to have been sold before the casserole. Last to come was a black rice risotto with bits of squid which didn't impress perhaps because I saw it being put in and out of the microwave. With a double espresso the bill with service came to £27. 
The location is lovely  
I really want to love this pub..  
Friday dinner with my friend (2 skinny women) we order some fish with staff recommendation. Food wasn’t bad just portion was to small for us and no salt or lemon. Little disappointed. Menu a pit poor. No choice. I’m not big fan or cream soup so leaving restaurant hungry. And price 23£ wasn’t brilliant as well. Staff very friendly  
Always thought this place was a cut above most local restaurants but left disappointed on this occasion. Tried to book a table for 4.00 on a Sunday and was advised that 3.30 would be better. Went with that but no mention that it closed at 5.00 on a Sunday as I wouldn’t have bothered. 
Saw the good reviews so decided to visit. Had the hummus and haloumi to start. The haloumi was very good but hummus average. Their house Chilean red wine, Cabernet sauvignon tasted watered down so at nearly £20.00 a bottle grossly over priced. Was not impressed with my main meal mixed chawarma found the meat very chewy. The staff were friendly bit found the restaurant very noisy and overpriced for the quality of the food. Will not be returning, there are far better restaurants locally. 
This was a Thursday lunchtime but it was a sunny day so I was suprised that this river side gastropub was so empty. It has been some years since i was here and it has obviously had a fairly major refit. The bar was still like a pub but the rest was like an upmarket Restaurant. It was light and spacious but clearly 90% plus of the tables were laid out and there was almost no where to sit 'pub style'. the service was friendly and efficient. the menu was over fussy for a gastropub and though it looked extensive it was mostly fancy descriptions but ultimately nothing pub lunch like - for example they do just one style of sandwich a day! I had carrot & coriander soup - see, lack of imagination as that was the only one available. It was OK. the 'artisan bread' was not 'artisan' it was brown bread and seemed stale. My friend had the Mussels which were nice, perfectly acceptable. a side order of fries was standard. so that's it. Not an imaginative addition to Chiswick Riverside - rather a regressive step from an old interesting pub. 
Didn't find anything that was authentic Nepalese. The menu seemed very much adapted to suit the local pallet. Overall nice food and service.  
I was in the area with a friend and read some good reviews. I eat Indian food all over the UK every week and was quite hopeful. The waitress couldn’t seem to understand what we said and the service from start to finish was muddled and rushed. They brought out my friends starter and said they forgot mine and did he want to wait for mine. Whilst eating starters we was asked “when do you want your main meals”. It was very rushed and all a bit rude. The food was nice though with good quality meat (bit over cooked) and nice sauces, rice and bread. The prices were average too. The service just wasn’t good at all so let them down.  
This is my favourite pub in Windsor and over the years have had many meals and drinks here. I have had all sorts of experiences - from really good food to none at all (when the power in the kitchen packed up) The last meal was a Sunday lunch and it was disappointing. Service is fine, but the plate was just heaped up and cooked without any finesse - much like I would do if I were at home throwing together some leftovers. I also fear there may have been more than a touch of microwave involved. Windsor town centre is not flushed with great places to while away an afternoon drinking and eating (plenty of places - just not great places) so I am desperate for the Two Brewers to get back on track... 
There were seven of us who all had the Sunday Roast selection. The Lamb and Pork looked wonderful, but the chicken that three of us had was pretty awful. 
This 50 to 60 seat Lebanese restaurant is fairly close to a crossroad in Northwood. So parking is not difficult in the evenings on one of the side streets. Although the restaurant has some outdoor seating there is considerable traffic noise apart from exposure to exhaust pollution. Indoors the restaurant lacks any soft furnishing. So it is very noisy from guests chatting. Although food and service are good, environment is not. We went on a Friday evening and noise from guests was almost unbearable. 
I love the dumplings and something had a crave to go and eat the biggest portion they have! Apart from that, the restaurant is very expensive. The menu is very sophisticated and prices are high. For the same price you can eat locally and probably you will get bigger portions. 
Lovely look, great ambience, overcooked and under ripe food... Attitude manager .... Won't rush back... Maybe Monday lunch isn't the best day to go ...  
I visited here twice in Nov Dec 16. Two very different experiences in terms of food. Both occasions a lamb dish. The first a very good quality curry with a distinctive sauce, the second a sub standard typical low level Indian dish. The first lamb quality good, the second tough meat on balance. The ambiance is quite nice but it is a long narrow room so there is only so much they can do. Staff are friendly when engaging with one, but the whole system is very disorganized. Service and cooking are slow to very slow. I wasn't convinced that the slowness is a product of meals prepared to order. The second experience was not specially cooked i suspect so any delay was not attributable to extra effort on food preparation. Quantities are large, vegetables are overcooked as you might expect from the cuisine. Overall this restaurant on my visits doesn't deserve the very high ratings from some reviewers. On the other hand it's not bad and the prices are reasonable. I might go back but I won't rush there. 
We've lived in the area for years and yet hadn't been to Rara, and decided to try as it gets consistently good reviews on TripAdvisor. Booking online was a cinch and I received a confirmation within seconds. So far so good. The restaurant is small but tastefully decorated (no flock wallpaper here) but that's where things started to fall apart.  
Nice place but nothing special in my opinion. The traditional apple pie we tried was just nice but not special. Staff is strictly professional but not trying to be friendly. 
Ordered different snacks on recommendation. Green salad humus and potatoes were very nice. Meats are hit and miss. Not sure why no sides with mains kebab! But overall good early evening out. Wish they had helped with lunch menu which ends at 6pm and we got there on the dot as would have liked to order from that menu as had some things which we liked. 
I feel this restaurant is going down hill and dinning out on its reputation. The last 3 times I have eaten at Chapter One I say never again. But after my meal on the 23rd I have decided I won't be eatting at Chapter One again for sometime. All of my party were in agreement that the main course was very poor. The brussels were like bullets, roast potatoes were tough and turkey not good. I would say standard have dropped in the last 18 months. What is happening? 
Generally speaking the food is good. The service is ok except when they are under pressure. However I feel that it lacks atmosphere as it is rather noisy and the tables are too close together 
The family and I have been going to Great Fosters for about ten years now. We've always loved everything about the place, to the extent that my wife and I got married there a few years ago.  
Idyllic surroundings disappointing tea. It was an amazing day and sitting in the beautiful gardens was a joy. Service was ok but it would have been nice to have had new cups and saucers with a fresh pot of tea. Sandwiches were so disappointing the brioche with beef which my partner could not eat and wasn’t offered a similar replacement was good. The rest were poor supermarket white and brown bread when the local town has a great baker! Fillings were minuscule. My partner as a vegetarian was given two cheese and tomato sandwiches in white bread as an alternative. Scones were good. Pastries were ok but the lemon cake was dry. Unfortunately we will not be making a return visit. 
having lived and worked in the middle east for many years always look forward to their food in this country. Lebanese food is cinsidered the finest, unfortunately this restaurant failed to live up to the expectation. The decor is nice, clean and inviting with the staff welcoming. The problem the food delivery and quality. I ordered the fool as a starter expecting bread with it, yes it came but 5 minutes after the fool which by this time as I was hungry had mostly been eaten. same with main course I had ordered as a side a salad to accompany my meat and rice,it came but at the end of my meal. In their defence I would say that the meat was deliciuous but the whole experience was unfortunately disappointing 
Had afternoon tea here, having been here twice before I hoped it would be the same. Tea was served without milk, scones were smaller and the cakes weren’t as good as before. When asking a waitress twice a query she never returned & when paying the bill we were accidentally overcharged. The gardens were covered in dog poo which isn’t very nice. We had a good welcome but won’t be returning as it needs to massively improve.  
After reading the reviews we were expecting something amazing, we were disappointed, food was ok, service questionable, atmosphere non existent, all in all a very average experience 
The staff were friendly and approachable. The sandwiches were not traditional afternoon tea - Coronation Chicken on a baguette and Egg on brioche. Jam and cream were served without spoons. However, the scones and pastries were delightful. Having been to Great Fosters on many occassions, we were disappointed with the standard and lack of tradition. 
It is a couple of years since I have had afternoon tea at Great Fosters. 
Pleasant enough place on the river if you want to drive around the area trying to find somewhere to park and then have a long walk to the restaurant. There is parking for a few cars but not nearly enough. Service is slow, very slow. Food is average. Not likely to visit again.  
Not as good as previously I’m afraid. Firstly we were sat right out in the sun on one of the hottest days. Luckily we were moved to a table with an umbrella.  
The food was pretty ok, service friendly and welcoming but with the wine it became a£50 a head night which we felt was a touch too much for a hummus and grilled meat style meal. 
3 stars awarded for the gardens. I Visited today for afternoon tea with my mum. Stunning setting and grounds, an incredibly historic building with so much character.  
Food was not good, against all my expectations. It seems to me that some of dishes and source are ready meals and most of the shellfish are frozen foods. Never the less, the staff is a nice. I hated the warm beer 
Food tasted good & the sangria was nice, staff were chatty & looked happy. Just........ 50quid for a smallish snack-sized meal for two (Tapas is all about small dishes of this or that but it doesn't mean you have to skimp on what your giving) with a small sangria jug (mostly strawberries, tiny chopped pieces with a little orange/lemon zest thrown in) not even able to get 4 small flute glasses of drink out of it is kinda a bit of a rip-off. Plus it was a busy-ish day in the shopping centre & I noticed you wasn't exceptionally busy...hmmm I wonder why. TIP: Knock your prices down, for example, the tapas for two make it half the price - you will still make profit on your food overheads, stop charging a tenner for the sangria make that half price as well & at 25-30quid for two people to eat - still expensive as far as I'm concerned but I'm not used to London rip-off prices being a Northerner & you'll get a lot more custom.... 
The concept in fantastico, the service was seamless and the location excellent. Sadly the food was bland and disappointing, pity because this eatery has everything going for it. 
Myself, my husband and mother just had after noon tea at Great fosters to celebrate our 5 year wedding anniversary. Returning for the 1st time in 3years it has changed quite a bit. still stunning. beautiful grounds.  
I went with a large group and I was the first to arrive. The service on arriving was friendly and attentive but at that time there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. The ambiance and décor was not to the standard I was expecting considering the price range. When all of my friends arrived, and after waiting for longer than you might expect, I ordered a bottle of white wine to share with another person. Unfortunately, it was not the wine that I asked for but the restaurant had become busier and, since the wine tasted very nice, we stuck with it. Baskets of bread were only brought to the table after the starters had been served. My dressed crab starter was alright without being exceptional, and the lemon sole main course was cooked well and tasty. I didn't have a dessert. Overall, the food was satisfactory, service average, and the ambiance and décor could have been better. The Blue Harbour isn't cheap and I wouldn't go out of my way to visit the restaurant again. 
Was a lovely day so we started sitting in the garden which is stunning. Unfortunately we moved inside due to wasps. Inside is a beautiful old building but it felt lacking in any atmosphere. We were seated in a side room and there was hardly anyone around anywhere. The staff are attentive and accommodating. The food was average for the cost. Some of the sandwich were soggy and others dried out quickly. The china etc was lacking in any quality for the environment or cost. It was ok but I wouldnt be rushing back there, unless it was for drinks in the garden. 
Oh, how I hate to say it, but our lovely new pub seems to be going off the boil. It remains a fantastic spot for a pint by the river, but the fine dining bit isn't really working. The last couple of times we have been, the service has been distinctly ropey. It is also noticeable how quiet the dining room has become... I think that in future we shall be migrating back to Annies for our dinners and lunches out. 
I have been coming to the City Barge for years although the last time was a few years ago. 
The food was amazing, cannot fault it at all!! I had a crab and prawn black linguine which was unreal, my partner had a classic fish and chips while my nephew had fish goujons and chips.  
It was cramped and the food average. I'm local and never went back. Not much wrong with the place but nothing stands out. Better value and food to be had by driving a few miles. 
I've eaten here a few times and each time it has been very enjoyable apart from two weeks ago when lunch was pretty bland and uninspiring. We had the chicken and fish main which we had both had before. Both dishes had changed and didn't taste of much at all, the chicken and fish was dry and over cooked. We will probably give it another try but its a shame the standards appear to have dropped. 
Have been here for afternoon tea a number of times in the past when it was a luxurious experience. went recently and it has become overpriced, poor value for money . To start by saying ‘we no longer offer extra sandwiches ‘ kind of sets the tone ! 
One of our better small local eateries. Nicely decorated, clean, nice food, no complaints at all 
Food was good - good quality lamb and chicken, tasty unusual sauces (not quite hot enough despite being in 'hot' section on menu), scrummy peshwari naan. 
Good Lebanese food in clean restaurant.  
We came here as a family of five to celebrate my son's birthday last month. It was a Tuesday evening so I didn't expect it to be too busy but the place was pretty full. I informed the waiter that it was my son's birthday and we were all looking forward to the food as I had heard good things about it. However, I was very disappointed with the food quality and the taste. Although great efforts have been made with the decor, the serving plates and utensils it seems the food has fallen short. It all seems very mediocre in taste, even though presentation was great. Considering the high prices, I would have expected better food. The lamb kebabs were dry and far too spicy and the chicken wings were awful. 
Having been to Great Fosters for some wonderful afternoon teas, this was my first visit since the new company took over. What a disappointment! 
We have been to The Wharf several times before and have always enjoyed our meals and the ambiance of the place - nice bar, nice location etc. 
four of us (two couples) ate at the wharf on saturday evening. although it was very noisy due to a wedding reception upstairs, we all had a good time and enjoyed our food plus drinks in the bar beforehand. what we did not expect however, was to find a dog in the restaurant area when we were shown to our table. The owner of the dog was asked to put the dog on a lead by one of the waiters which they did. the dog was part of a large group of people at a long table and during the course of the evening, the children in the party, took the dog in and outside. some of the time the dog was sat on the owners lap up at the table! our meal came close to £200 that evening so we expected better than this!! 
I was walking down the famous cobbled streets of Bromley Kent when I and my respected colleague came across a rather bizarre thing. A harbour...a harbour that had to be at least 60 miles from the coast! 
Upon entering the wilderness that was the Blue Harbour I found my self perplexed by the smell of Crustation and garlic. Good start....... I sat opposite my companion Pierre only to notice that I had been given 2 of the same menus (oh dear). I wondered why they had put one on my seat and one on the table brackets Pierre already had his own one. Reminded me of the Veale situation from Faulty Towers - 0.5 points instantly. I asked for the Escargot that was clearly on the chalked up menu on a shabby looking blackboard. Sorry we're out of that..... She added with a sorryish smile anchored on her face. No matter I'll have the Scallops they were great! Had the half lobster for main I also asked for extra bread which I wasn't charged for which was good news for the harbour. To my ASTONISHMENT I see what can only be described as a hair dressers table as I was half way through the Red Indulgence, I was admiring most of the Decor in the establishment until I gazed upon the monstrosity. It actually had 3 loose stalls to complete the poorly chosen table. Maybe they thought they was Tony & Guy for a few minutes every day??...... After the meal was finished I had nothing but praise for the food had soft drinks as was driving. Pierre was let down hugely at the end I'll let that tall tail develop when he reviews this in the next 2 weeks. Value was alright for the cuisine I chose. Very tasty. Was not convinced on what nationality they were trying to be tho in there. French cuisine with Hispanic/Greek features and music. I probably wouldn't go back but I did like the food as that what the Journey is about in my complex Thesaurus of food. Overall 7/10.  
Have had afternoon tea here on many occasions but felt this time it was not as good. The sandwiches were nice but scones and cakes were brought out at the same time as the sandwiches so the scones were cold when we were ready for them which made them hard and not as tasty. We had a very small portion of clotted cream and jam. Cakes were nice but not as impressive as our previous visits when there was a centre piece of a trifle in tall container and more selection. Have to say that staff were very attentive.  
Visited with a friend, had the special vegetarian meal. The starters were good, the main was OK and the baklavas were bought in cheap things, I think they should ditch them! Not a cheap meal, the wine was expensive but good. We went on a Saturday evening, got there early but after an hour or so we had to shout to be heard. It wasn't a relaxing meal, might be better during the mid week. 
Me and my wife came here for dinner. We both felt the food was pretty standard but for us what stood out was the service from Kevin. The guy is absolutely amazing and you can tell he is experienced.  
The Food is Good But Over Priced for where this place is and also they only book you a 2 hour Window Slot to Finish and felt we were rushed.  
Unfortunately in line with several other reviews here, I have to say the afternoon tea is overly disappointing. I read them beforehand but as the good outweighed the bad I thought I would disregard the complaints. 
I used to drink here many years ago .... when it was a PUB. Now it has been totally modernized, very smart, trendy, minute car park, and what is termed as a "Gastro Pub". 
Visited this restaurant a few times, overall okay and waiter was very attentive and friendly. They are able to cater for many dietary requirements provided prior notice is given (24hrs) - they do make every effort on the day too but often are limited to what they can offer.  
We booked, changed the booking, turned up early, were seated - all without problem. 
As i said, the starters and the mains where very good, and the best is the wonderful views to the river, very pleased with that. 
The Wharf is one of our local restaurants we’ve been to on many occasions. My wife had her 40th birthday party there, we had our wedding reception there and have visited regularly on Mother’s Day too. On this occasion it was our wedding anniversary. The wharf is beautifully set overlooking the river Thames where you can sit outside with drinks. There’s often a pianist playing too which gives a nice relaxing atmosphere. 
Don’t know what the fuss is all about and why so busy. Booked our table in advance and still had to wait over 30 minutes to be seated. Finally when we did get a table, it was right at the front of the restaurant (the extend bit by the main road) and even though it was freezing cold in December still had to ask a member of staff for the heating to be put on. 
I had long been wanting to try out this place after hearing great things from friends and family who had visited but my experience was mixed. 
I have visited this restaurant a few times and it is an average experience. The restaurant decor is ok, but feels quite souless. The food is fine but not exceptional - nice selection of starters if you have the meze. Main courses are quite limited and the vegetarian options looked dire, so I would definitely pick the meat choice if you can. I have been to better local middle eastern restaurants. 
It serves good food and looks clean. However it's all just a little overpriced unless you get the lunch time deals which are great. 
Heard good things about this restaurant so decided to visit. Starters very perfect. The mains was average or it could be just what I ordered. Ben the waiter was brilliant.  
The food was well cooked and presented but very small portions. The restaurant was somewhat in a slight time warp with décor and nouvelle cuisine. Only three other tables taken on a Thursday evening which was surprising. The service was good but the time between courses was too long. Left still feeling hungry but resisted a big mac on the way home. 
I actually came here twice in one week. The food was great as well as the service. The reason for the 3 * is the misleading Sept deal that the manager had to explain to us 3 times before we understood why were not eligible. The deal was not clear so disappointed with SD for not upholding to what was presented. I have spoken to quite a few people who have experienced the same. 
Nice sandwiches and cakes, but the overall experience was somewhat disappointing as a special birthday treat. Despite the beautiful venue, there was no ambience in the lounge/waiting area where we were seated. No music playing, deathly quiet, and seated at a low coffee table with armchairsbeside each other, rather than a proper table and chairs. The armchairs have seen better days, with the bottom cushion of my armchair constantly slipping forward from under me. We so would have preferred a proper table, maybe in a different part of the hotel, with a highchair for the little one (it would have been too high for the table we were allocated). 
I hadn’t been here for about 4 years and thought it might be nice for a group of ladies to celebrate a friend’s special birthday . I have to say that overall we were pretty disappointed.  
Very nice napkin was ripped with a large hole in it but the food was very nice the atmosphere was ok the staff are accommodating . 
I like the vibe of this place which probably makes it popular in the neighbourhood. 
The first time we went the food was actually quite good but the service was just so strange and random. It was like the staff had done the normal run through training regimes. 
Me and my partner come here regularly in the year it's one of our restaurant that we enjoy but sadly this time wasn't as good we feel sadly just the atmosphere wasn't the same and we wasn't given our fabulous chocolates after our dinner/bill and no little cakes like all the times before the it may sound silly but our meal felt very unfinished compared to what we have been used to sadly. Just the little details that your used to surprisingly makes such a big difference on your evening I think we shall leave it a while till we return, the food was lovely I did feel like salt should be on the table as an option as I think my starter could of done with it,my steak wasn't cooked to how I believed a medium should be it was more rare then normal. However the desert was delicious the best desert I have had in chapter one so far!!  
On the a la carte menu the options for vegetarians is quite limited with two choices for a starter and only one for a main course. One of the starters was a beetroot and goats cheese combination which seems to have been the “go to” vegetarian dish of every eatery for past two years, so to also find it here was very disappointing, I had hoped they’d use a little more imagination, especially as not all vegetarians like goats cheese (in fact I don’t know any). I chose, instead, a very nice pumpkin soup followed by an oily and extremely salty pan fried gnocchi and mushrooms which I couldn’t finish and gave up part way through (thinking about it still makes me shudder). My husband enjoyed his salmon starter and grouse mains and our desserts of pumpkin tart (his) and chocolate mousse & raspberry sorbet (mine) we’re both very nice but, due to the unimaginative vegetarian options (and over salting), I won’t be returning. The staff, on the other hand were suitably attentive and helpful. 
The restaurant looks smarter than other "Lebanese" type restaurants 
Maybe because the reviews lifted my expectations too high or maybe it just wasn't that good. My partner and I ordered entirely from the specials board so everything was fresh. That I cannot fault. The squid piri piri lacked something but just didn't work. My octopus starter was excellent. My partner's grey mullet was dry and obviously overcooked, therefore the sauce was just used to mask the taste and give the dish some moisture. My grand lemon sole was not so grand but well cooked. Both the mains are cheaper fish to buy, so at £18 a pop I expected there to be something in the way they were done to justify the price. There wasn't. Maybe just a bad night but I will not be returning in a hurry.  
I love fish and the menu sounded great so we were really looking forward to this. My friend and I went at lunchtime but unfortunately there is no fixed price lunch menu so we had to pay full price. The wine was palatable and we were looked after with olives and warm fresh bread and butter while we waited for our meals. I had chosen skate with butter and caper sauce and my friend had halibut in piri piri. We both felt the delicate flavour of the fish was overpowered by the sauces. The butter and caper sauce was also a bit heavy on the mustard. We also thought the fish overcooked and therefore a little dry. For a bill of nearly £62 we had expected better 
We were so excited to be going here to eat and more so as we were celebrating my sister's special birthday. On first impressions the venue is lovely - as we were a group of 10 with one under 6 we booked the table early, on arrival the place was quiet, and were placed in an area that was a side lean to - all double glazed but there there was a cold draft coming in. we didnt want to complain so excepted but then a large group arrived to the side of us - they were approx 20 -25 with approx 10-12 children all under 10 and then it progressively became louder and louder to the point we actually couldn't hear ourselves, and just looked at each other - we hate complaining but my parents are in their 70's and they were struggling - so we told the manager - and whilst we appreciate you cannot tell a group who equally there to celebrate a birthday, there needs to be appreciation from other guests for the level of noise you make. Food is expensive and our experience not at all a happy one - in the end we were rushed out as there is a 2 hour limitation and the other booking had arrived was not the perfect evening to what was going to be a special day - my sister travelled from Leicester and sadly her experience was not what we expected. And to top it off the manager knowing we were very unhappy could have at least come out to speak to us - not a great experience, overrated - wont be going there in a long time :( and to top it all we're all ill this morning! 
My husband and I went for our anniversary dinner.  
We visited with another couple on Nov 30th. 
I won’t say it was bad but overall I didn’t experience anything that good to match the hype and the ratings.. the menu options were limited.. ambience was good, other than Veg Manchurian, nothing that we ate ( chicken lollipop, chicken 65, murgh makhanwala...) was any good. Customer service was very good and so were the tableware/serveware.. some really fancy stuff... not too keen on going back again.. 
Champagne Afternoon Tea .. 
In fairness I live near Edgware Road so I don't have much business going up to Northwood for Lebanese food - but the uncle said that's where dinner was. 
Went there on a Saturday lunchtime and the place was empty, totally empty. The restaurant is quite a nice set up but feels a little rough around the edges but pleasant enough. Ordered seafood soup (pretty good) and the recommended monkfish (perfectly ok, but was expecting more). Side orders of potatoes and zucchini were a little too fried and oily for my liking. House wine not great, but the free bread was fresh and very good. Will I return? Probably not. 
After reading the great reviews was expecting the most amazing seafood from this restaurant. 
Had dinner with friends and mid-way through desserts was asked by our waiters that we needed to leave the table as other customers were waiting. Having booked the table, confirmed, and not to be told that there was a 2 hour limit is a cardinal sin and a restaurant not worthy of your time and money. This is Hatch End after all! 
My friends & I celebrated a bridal & baby shower so I wanted it to be extra special. I booked Great Fosters based on its great reviews & location. We were however very disappointed by the service. My friend arrived early & didn’t feel very welcome at all. One of the staff looked oddly at the balloons she was carrying. She had coffee which came with biscuits & one of the ladies commented that she should’ve been given one biscuit rather than 2! I arrived a little late & was asked to wait. We have the table for 2 hours & had to insist to go to the restaurant. The guy who served us was lovely though. The sandwiches, scones & cakes including the tea selection were excellent! Afternoon tea is not only about the food but the experience & based on that, I probably won’t go back. It would’ve been nicer to have the table for longer too or have somewhere to transfer to. We’ve been to London restaurants & have never been asked to leave or at least been offered to transfer to another room. I would happily pay more for a better experience. 
We visited yesterday for Mother’s Day, 
Food as always was excellent. Sadly Service was lacking. We waited 40 minutes to order. Staff were distracted and lacked warmth. 
Went here for a diwali meal with my family, I booked a table for 2:15pm and we were rushed to order everything in one go as the kitchen was closing at 3pm. This was not made clear on my booking which I did via opentable as I would have definitely booked earlier otherwise. We ordered our starters and mains all together and everything came out straight away, so once we got to eating our mains it was cold. The starters was tasty, a lot of flavour and portion sizes are good for sharing. However the mains did lack flavour, it was quite bland - we had the lamb in spinach curry. The drink options are really good, and the service could have been better. The staff were apologetic for the poor service and the rush in ordering our food. I understand it was diwali weekend, so busier than usual so did understand. The ambience of the restaurant is really nice too, I just think it was quite expensive for the food and location. Spent about £90 on 3 starters, 1 main, 3 naans, 3 cocktails and 2 beers. We were offered a complimentary free round of drinks due to the service, which was nice of the manager to do. 
This review is really an amalgamation of two experiences. In fact, we enjoyed our first visit so, that we ordered exactly the same items on the second. However, our second visit did not fulfil the expectations set by the first - watery pizza, badly defrosted seafood and mozzarella. What a pity. I don’t know whether I had too much on the first visit, or there was a general decline in quality. 
We visited last night for a 21st Birthday celebration (13 people). We had a set menu (£25+10% Service) - lovely starter of really tasty mixed plates; main courses of chicken & lamb kebabs, & chicken with olives; excellent baclava for dessert; & then lemon tea.  
Our first few visits here were excellent, but the most recent was quite disappointing, with food that just did not seem very fresh and left an awful taste in my mouth afterwards. I hope standards can be pulled up again as this is potentially the best local restaurant. 
We visited on a Sunday evening, four of us to celebrate my fathers birthday. The food could not be faulted but service throughout the evening from all Waiters was very sloppy and certainly lacked any kind of finesse you would expect from a fine dining establishment.  
A disappointing meal as we had hoped the standard of service would have improved since our previous visit. Then, on arriving on a busy Saturday evening for the second sitting, we were asked to wait in the Pub opposite as the restaurant was running late!  
Chapter one seems to be going downhill. The food is still well executed but the menu is very boring and dated, the service is friendly but sloppy and slow, the toilets were filthy. Its easy to see why they lost the Michelin star and a great shame as with a little attention to detail and passion they could be great again. 
Went for this restaurant as well recommended. We pre booked for a group of us for 7pm. In fairness the food was really good, however, the service was incredibly slow. They were very short staffed... it took them two hours to get starters to us and then didn’t come back for mains for so long... it took another hour just to get the bill. Sadly, some of us left hungry at about 10:15ish.  
I’ve been going to the Wharf for years and it’s always been a treat. Setting is lovely and the staff are very accommodating. However this year, on a Christmas lunch the food was really disappointing. Goats cheese in pastry was hard cheese, fish pie was mush and stollen was a dry tart, nothing like stollen. Perhaps an off day or too many people at once? It doesn’t make me want to rush back.  
The atmosphere was lovely. Tables are a little small though if ordering lots of food. Great with allergies and double checked everything but the menu didnt excite me. Food was ok but I missed the freshness of corriander garnishes and fresh lime. Not rushing to return but never say never. 
A little disappointed really. The baby octopus was a bit too chewy, the char grilled vegetables on the bruschetta weren't char grilled, the rare steak was served up medium (apart from the fat, which was nearly raw), everything was under seasoned and the hot chocolate fudge cake was as dry as dust. The wine was good though.  
I’ve long been on The Wharf’s mailing list but only now taken up their offer of a complimentary bottle of wine a week or two either side of my birthday. It’s a pleasant riverside location near Teddington Lock albeit approached through a modern residential estate some walk from Teddington town centre. The main dining room is a bright conservatory with rather outdated plastic doors. There was a large party of OAPs having their Christmas lunch which perhaps explained why the service was at times slow as everyone else had to wait if they were being served a course. From the a la carte menu we started with a bread basket with olives and a taramasalata like sauce as well as a ham hock terrine about which there were no complaints whatsoever. My daughter’s sausages and chips with strips of cucumber and carrot came on cue. After our mains a bread and butter pudding took a long time coming but was worth waiting for. Unfortunately our mains were less impressive. My wife’s cassoulet was an unremarkable assembly of duck leg assorted beans and lardons without any Toulouse sausage or any particular sauce or gravy. My fish pie was far too dry, served piping hot with a cheesy crust atop a veritable goo of mash bits of salmon and the odd prawn. It was accompanied by a miscellany of boiled vegetables in a separate pot, all perfectly well cooked but no more than that. Judging by the main courses the cuisine seemed stuck in a sort of 1970s time warp along with part of the design of the conservatory itself. Before leaving I had to venture upstairs as one of the downstairs toilets appeared to have flooded. This meant I caught sight of perhaps one of the best features of this place, pairs of sofas in alcoves directly overlooking the river. 
It's undoubtedly a beautiful venue, but as a veteran of this place my recent visit wasn't all I had hoped for. And this seems to be the trend in recent years. It was a special treat for myself and three friends to celebrate two babies on the way and have a well earned mummy break from our toddlers at home. The main issue is the 2 hr slot window they now work off, as you are just left feeling like your on a conveyor belt, which shouldn't be the case for the £30 a head classic cream tea. The cakes took over an hour to get out to us. Tea replacements had to be chased. The place was packed as usual with the added pressure of a wedding going on else where in the building. We thought we'd been offered an extension to 4pm due to the delay. But this was just a misinformed member of staff and we were thrown off the table by a senior member of staff. I appreciate this is the system but a 2 hour slot is not long enough. 2.5hr perhaps? The other issue was communication - I had called ahead and asked if we could do anything special to the table as was informed I would only be permitted up to 2 balloons and nothing else. A well meaning customer service agent did offer to do two chocolate plates with 'congratulations' which I confirmed on the day, but these never appeared. Rather embarrassingly as the host, I arrived to find a friends husband had arranged beautiful flowers from a local florist and a bottle of champagne from the venue as a surprise for his pregnant wife. So very thoughtful, but it would have been great if the venue had mentioned this had been arranged when I called in that day. Would the venue not benefit from supplying 'venue appropriate' bespoke packages for special events i.e. extended table sittings and tastefully themed decoration options for baby showers or birthdays? Food for thought... 
Friends of ours invited us to this restaurant. I have been to other very good Lebanese Resturants in London so my expectations were set.  
We had lunch today at Social Dhaba for the first time. The layout, ambience and decor are impressive. Our order- an Aloo papri chaat, the Chicken Tikka Tiranga, a Chicken lollipop, a Gilafi Sheekh kebab, butter naan and a bottle of Heir Pilsner. All dishes were well presented, flavourful and the portions are huge! We particularly liked the chicken tikka trio. I thought the sheekh kebab was overpowered by spices. Our total bill for 2 was about £48. Definitely worth a check out. 
Came her with four teenagers and two adults. Lots of staff on reception to see us to the table. Seated at the table with a nice view of the ornamental pond (it was getting late so the view was gone in about half and hour). I have been here before anyway. The gardens are worth a wander around but unsurprisingly the teenage contingent were not that bothered. It took a while for someone to come and take our order and when I mentioned that one of the children could not do any sandwiches with mayonnaise the staff were not particularly forthcoming in offering suggestions. If you have people that are picky with fillings on sandwiches, the hotel doesn't seem that able to do a simple cheese or ham sandwich (this option was not offered to us). Teas and drinks were ordered but we had already eaten the sandwiches before the tea and hot chocolates arrived. When the hot chocolates did arrive they were luke warm as they had been obviously sitting for a while on the counter top. However, once these issues were sorted, we had a huge amount of food. We had additional sandwiches, beautiful scones and lovely raspberry jam. The cakes were plentiful and we were offered more tea whenever we wished. We even took home cardboard boxes filled with cakes. The setting was lovely, the room really nice, but some of the service and problem solving could of been better. I would recommend the venue for afternoon tea, my comment would be for this star of hotel a bit of flexibility would of been helpful. It would of been nice to have some water on the table for all the guests. 
The service is superb, genuinely friendly, very warm and welcoming. The food was alright but nothing to rave about. They catered well for our group of 10 at quite short notice. 
Unfortunately the sandwiches whilst looking nice didn't match on taste. No seasoning or individual flavouring was evident. The mince pies looked like the foil had been taken off them out of a box. The eclairs looked shop bought with a fancy chocolate sheet added. The scones were nice and warm. My tea cup on arrival was stained all around the inside and was changed. Service was personal, friendly, polite and professionally delivered. The hotel inside and out was gorgeous but the food was underwhelming. 
This is a basically sound Italian restaurant next to a very busy and noisy (think major hospital and police station nearby) road pretty close to the centre of town. It is run by a very welcoming man which is one of its saving graces. It's a place where you'd bring your kid for a treat or have lunch with your work colleagues - not a place for a fine-dining experience so I think some of the other reviews misled us a bit. My friend's prawn salad £5.90) did look like a packet of frozen prawns had been opened and smothered with a dollop of sauce. My aubergine starter - melanzane alla parmigiana (£6.90) did taste authentic and was quite a generous portion. For mains we had the pizza stagione - tomato, mozzarella, pepperoni, mushrooms, anchovies, capers, artichokes, olives and herbs (£9.10) and the tagliatelle funghetto (cream, mushrooms and herbs) (£7.60). Both were OK - my friend had to give up on his pizza as it was quite rich. Desserts were mixed - tiramisu (£3.90) was so cold that the taste disappeared; the yoghurt flavoured ice-cream with raspberry was tangy and very satisfying on a hot and humid day. The reasonable-sized bottle of mineral water (£2.20) went down well as did the bottle of Gavi di Gavi (£24.90). Overall, a bit hit and miss - as with many Italian restaurants outside Italy. £76.90 for two including service and a complimentary grappa and limoncello - was OK but I doubt either of us would ever go back. 
Was looking forward to the visit after all the hype, was packed and seemed like a popular place.  
I had a meal hear and I have to say despite the good reviews the pizza was a crushing disappointment. It looked a little like it was bought from the asda across the road. Perfectly round, very small and not very authentic looking. Having said that it tasted fine.  
Firstly, staff as always were brilliant. 
I came here for my birthday with my husband. Lovely location and restaurant but food was not worth the money that was charged. I had the lobster and it wasn't very tasty. The bearnaise sauce was obviously from a packet as it was so thick it was more like mayo. It came with frozen chips and salad, not very impressive. My husband had lamb which was better than the lobster but again tasted like packet sauce. Overall not impressed and would not return . Such a shame as lovely location. 
To start with the positives the setting was lovely and the food was of good quality. Service was a bit of hit and miss and the staff did not seem to communicate very well with each other. This was meant to be a treat for my 82 year old mother, who lives abroad and was visiting for the weekend. We arrived on time and had to wait for our table to be set up, which we would not have minded if at the end of the two hour slot we were not being rushed to leave. We ordered a Pimms afternoon tea, but the Pimms did not arrive until about twenty minutes after the sandwiches and tea. So we were already in the middle of eating sandwiches and drinking tea when we were finely able to have a toast. We asked the waiter for a couple extra sandwiches, which took so long to arrive that the other waitress assumed we had finished and started clearing our plates. Having to wait for the sandwiches meant we had less time left for cakes and only managed to eat one each when the waitress asked if she could put the rest in a box for us, gently hinting we should have been finishing by now. A few minutes later the waiter reminded us our two hour slot was up so I asked for the bill, coats and tried to get mum, who was still finishing her tea, out of the bar area as quickly as possible. Luckily, my mum, who does not speak much English, did not fully understand what was going on, but I was deeply disappointed with the experience.  
Ten of us visited on a Saturday night a few weeks before Christmas. Thought it would be nice to meet in the bar 30 minutes ahead of our table booking for a drink. Sadly this wasn't possible. 80% of the bar area was sectioned off for a private party and the other 20% was completely full. Fortunately our table was ready so we sat down for dinner early. There was nowhere to leave coats. To quote our waitress ' there is a cloakroom but its already full' - this was 7pm! One member of our party was due to arrive late due to work commitments - when 9 of us sat down it was quite clear from the table we had been allocated that it would not be possible to make space of our 10th member to join us. We were served our drinks after a 30 minute wait. We had been asked to pre-order food so there should really have been a delay. Before our starters arrived we were all asked to shuffle down to the next table which we duly did and where there was enough space. Starters arrived - they were very good but we were all starving after the long wait. Another party of 10 had arrived at the restaurant - they were allocated the table we had moved from. Guess what? Also not big enough for them. There were 2 ladies dining at the end of our row of tables and the staff were hurrying them out so we could move down yet again to accommodate the other table of 10. So much of a hurry that we were asked to move half way through eating our starters so the other party could all be seated - the 2 ladies spent £41 and I wonder if it was worth the restaurant taking this booking at the expense of upsetting 20 other diners? The rest of our evening was uneventful - except for the party of around 20 drunk ladies singing loudly! The food was excellent but our evening was marred by the musical tables escapades and the slow service. This restaurant is missing a trick - had the service, particularly for drinks, been better we would have spent more. A 30 minute wait for drinks is unacceptable so is receiving main courses at 9.45 for a 7.30pm booking - by the time we were showed the dessert menu nobody could be bothered to order anything! 
Went on a Saturday with family of 4. Two waiting staff and manager. Waiting staff terrible. One could not speak English and the other just could not remember anything and kept making mistakes. Asked her for water 6 times and it never came even though she walked past us several times. Manager was good and apologised several times, but could not manage the Resturant due to lack of staff . He needs to employ better staff.  
I found the menu rather ordinary and the food edible but not exciting. Quite a time to wait between arrival there and arrival of the orders. Clean tidy and medium priced it was a reasonable effort.  
Came here for Mother’s day meal. We were seated upstairs which I felt was nicer and lighter than downstairs. 
Recently held a team dinner (~20 ppl) at The Wharf, and with this number we were (understandably) limited to a couple choices for each of the three courses. The dinner was OK but overall lacked flavor, and this was a general view around the tables that we occupied. I had the Chilean Sea Bass, with the other main choices being roasted lamb and a risotto. With regard to the wine, we had one red and one white pre-selected for the group, neither of which I cared for much. Given the great location and warm interior feeling, friendly staff and great-looking menu I have to believe this would be a very nice place for a couple or small group dinner, so will give it another try next time in the area. 
Although the same was Previously mentioned in a review I was still surprised to see how near the tables were & they were constantly seating People so near to each other, def NOT 1 meter apart rule in place.. The Service was good & staff seemed nice, My husband ordered a supposingly ‘Vindaloo ‘HOT’ meal, sadly it was med strength, Even I could eat it & I usually find madras too hot.! 
Enjoyed a lovely lunch in superb location. Disappointing however that the kitchen had run out of chicken liver parfait and vanilla ice cream - both of which featured on the set lunch menu. 
I've been to Great Fosters 3 times now for afternoon tea - the first 2 visits were so special, I've recommended it to many. However my last visit was a little disappointing. I'm hoping it was a one-off, and not that it's gone downhill.  
This certainly appeara to be a popular restaurant with lots of customers around us, their bring your own bottle policy probably helps whilst they await a license to serve alcohol. 
Nice staff, good food. At first we sat by the window, but it's a busy road, so the traffic is noisy and we moved back - no problem. We enjoyed our food and the staff were helpful and efficient. My only gripe (and why this gets just an average vote from me) is that a member of staff was on his speaker mobile phone throughout our entire lunch. At times, he moved towards the kitchen area, but was often sat a couple of tables away from us and I did find it irritating and intrusive, but I didn't complain, as my fellow three diners didn't seem too bothered (a bit on the deaf side, I think, us all being of a certain age) and I didn't want to ruin the lunch by asking him to go elsewhere. We used to come to this restaurant 30 years ago, so I wanted to see what it was like these days. I understand they have entertainment there and I would think a good evening can be had there, so do go and try it! 
We booked a table for a party of 14 for a celebration, with one special dietary requirement - their menu does not say they will cater for this but emails confirmed that they could. Lovely spring evening, it is the views that make this place worth a visit. somehow lacking in atmosphere and not sure what it is trying to be - similar sorts of choices on offer to a Cotes Brasserie but 10/20% more expensive with wines up to 30% more for very similar bottles. Prosecco at over £32 a bottle excessive to my mind. Service was mixed, the maitre D seemed to be doing a good job but other staff appeared dismissive or to lack proper training - we had to put our hands up to identify who had chosen what - the pre ordered dietary requirement starter didn't arrive even after mentioning it twice before the other orders were taken - after chasing it arrived almost as everyone else had finished their starters. I asked the waiter to come back to me about my pudding choice, so he simply ignored me and I sat without a pudding whilst everyone else was served theirs - the waiter was heard to 'tut' at one point loud enough for us to hear. We spent approx. £1000 - the restaurant was not full, it was a family do but nothing would particularly entice me back - even though we only live a mile away and enjoy eating out. Make is great food at better prices, train the staff to understand customer service better - not being full on a Saturday night has to indicate it hasn't quite worked out where its market is. Showing a film on the wall and playing fairly loud music is not particularly classy - but would be fine for a steak/burger house. 
My husband and I visited Great Fosters for our anniversary. The staff seemed rather dazed, we were asked for our order twice, by the same person, and things seemed to take rather a long time to turn up - we were waiting for our tea, first food for nearly half an hour. Also, not given milk and missing cutlery on table. However, once we did get our food, it was very nice, with as many sandwiches as you could eat, though not all amazing. Nice selection of teas and coffee. Patisserie and scones very nice, Victoria sponge not the greatest - sponge rather stiff. Venue very pretty but again it took a while to flag someone down to pay the bill so not really the service you would expect at such a lovely venue. 
There were four of us, so we had a good range of dishes. There was plenty of everything and the quality was good. However, there was nothing particularly stand out flavour-wise and the bill was about £15 per head more than other local options - where admittedly the food quality may not be so high. 
This used to be an amazing Indian restaurant - I would say one of the best! I visited there recently and I feel like they have cheapened it. The lighting in there has gone from being really tasteful and moody..to really bright, with horrible LED’s. Also they have put all the dishes in awkward pots?! Again I don’t know why they have made these awful changes - it was perfect before! What’s the saying? If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it! 
I’m really gutted to have to write this, my family and I love Curry Mahal, and enjoy coming into the restaurant to eat. However you have made some changes to the decor, the lighting is like being in a night club and the outside looks slightly cheap and doesn’t resemble how amazing the food is. It’s such a shame, and has put us off coming into the restaurant. Please maybe change the decor! 
I was looking forward to this meal, but was disappointed. Four of us had lunch and we tried a large variety of the ‘tapas’, plus some starters from the main menu. The portions are large. The food is a good standard but just about all the dishes are sugary, which is very sad. The fresh scallops were good, with no added sugar. The beetroot tapas was also ok. Sorry guys, but you need to reconsider your menus in my opinion. The restaurant is a welcoming modern boutique style, and the staff were great. 
I'm sure it would be a better experience eating in, as long as you don't mind a noisy environment (as it certainly was on the busy Friday night I visited). I have nothing particularly negative to say but did not mark it higher as the food was no better nor more generous nor cheaper than most other Lebanese restaurants I have tried. Obviously, I acknowledge that it loses something when eaten as a takeaway - I thought the liver and the bread were the best two items (we only had starters). Whoever I spoke to about the order had a bit of trouble understanding what I was ordering / asking e.g. we would have ordered another fattoush if she had correctly stated that there was only a small amount in the vegetarian meze. 
I am going to this down to lack of experience with the UK culture of restaurants and it being new. It is BYOB by the way which accounts for it being popular and cheap. The atmosphere is wonderful, you feel like you are in the heart of the West End. 
Having confirmed our booking for a table of 3, when we arrived we were told (very apologetically) that the restaurant was over booked and they could only squeeze our party of 3 onto a table for 2. To be honest this table was even a bit tight for 2 people, so to squeeze 3 on there was ridiculous. It meant that our drinks (water and BYOB wine had to be kept on the floor at our feet, or on the adjacent table) 
Food really lovely, very authentic & service good. Unaware of my booking via Groupon app but quickly found us a table.  
This place clearly has some loyal customers, although I'm not entirely sure why. Ate here a few years back and came away very unimpressed, but thought we would give it another chance and came with the kids last month. As before, starters were very ordinary. Olives were rubbery and tasteless. Garlic bread was ok. Pizza dough was pretty good but toppings fairly boring (kids enjoyed them though). Pasta was pretty poor. Lasagne reminded me of school dinners or frozen food ( and not nearly as cheap as it should have been considering the poor quality ingredients). Didn't bother with desert. 
So this was our second visit, this time with friends. The service was good and, with the exception of one dish, the food was also good. Our main grumble, it was very noisy. There was a table of four behind us with a woman who was so loud and intrusive it spoilt the evening. Then a table of three men arrived and they too were raucous ...... the trouble is, that whilst the restaurant is modern and fresh, it is all hard surfaces, there is nothing to absorb the noise. Also, it is expensive, the bill for four, with two non drinkers and a few beers, was over £160.00. Would we go back, unfortunately, not. 
We were really excited at the thought of a more premium Indian restaurant in Twickenham and the menu looked great. Staff were excellent and the food was tasty but didn’t justify the price point. Eg the tiger prawns starter (for 8.95 I think it was) consisted of 5 or 6 shrimp that were about a cm big and the tiniest tiger prawns we had ever seen! The mains were all yummy but weren’t that different to other places in the area which left us disappointed at the price paid. 
Tsaretta Spice is a relatively new introduction to Twickenham’s already crowded Indian restaurant scene. 
We had afternoon tea as a family. The lodge and location is amazing. Beautiful grounds, historic interior. The afternoon tea was ok, but not great. The sandwiches were very average, the Victoria Sponge was very dry. The scones were nice and the desserts quite lovely. Presentation was a bit lackluster. Nothing wrong, but for the price you pay, I would expect slightly higher quality food. The service was good though. 
I’ve only given this an average because of the type of visit we paid and nothing really to do with the actual staff or location.  
We live local and at one point was in this restaurant once a week. At that time the food was superb and the service friendly. We had a break for about 6 weeks and when we returned the staff had virtually all changed. Over the last 3-4,months we went back a number of times but it just wasn’t the same. Our last visit was the Sunday after Christmas and we were still disappointed. The food was OK. The lamb dish, whilst lovely and tender, had lost it’s previous sparkle. The Chicken Tikka Masala was good but the portions smaller than previous. The service, whilst efficient, was not as friendly as it once was and the days of being offered a complimentary drink after paying the bill are long gone. Sidcup has a number of good Indian restaurants and we will be using those in the future.  
I have had 2 visits, one in July when it had just opened and another in August. 
We went for a birthday celebration on a Saturday evening, but the restaurant was less busy than expected. Our expectations were high as we had eaten there before and liked it. However, sadly the service was chaotic. Plenty of friendly waiters, but a serious shortage of experience or ability. Questions were asked as we ordered and we were promised that the waiters would check with the kitchen, but no response was received and food arrived without warning - very odd! Then two people had ordered mussels and they arrived without finger bowls, shell bowls or any spoons. Each time we requested something missing, a waiter arrived with only part of the request. Yes, chaos!! Shame because in between all this, the food was quite nice. 
We headed here for around 7.30 restaurant was fully booked two birthday bookings with large numbers. We would normally be fine with that but we wish we would have been informed as when we were shown to our table we were smack bang next to the door and when you have one party of over 20 people and half of them smoke was rather annoying keep greeting blasted with freezing cold November air from outside. The live singer was pretty decent to be honest and seemed to get everybody to there feet. The food was good although scallops were far far to overseasoned with pepper and too many chilli's you could hardly taste the scallop for the level of spice. I had the veal wrapped in Italian ham which was actually very nice not the best I've had but tasty none the less my partner had a pasta bake which again she said was nice. All in all nice cosy restaurant with pleasent staff which at times took long periods to serve us as they seemed to be more interested in the party bookings again I wish we would have been informed before booking. I would recommend this restaurant but only on an evening with no large party bookings. I've left an average rating for the simple fact I was freezing half the night and we wasn't checked on enough to keep drinks topped up and took a while to place food orders. 
A very good meal (fixed price evening menu) which was tasty and good value. Being a Monday evening it was very quiet so why did you put the only two groups of diners on tables immediately next to each other? The whole restaurant was empty and we felt 'crushed' by the very noisy group 'squashed' next to us midway through out meal. Ridiculous placement by your staff I'm afraid. Such a shame as all excellent otherwise. 
We visited for a birthday dinner in Dec 2018, 3 women and 1 man, all in our 60s. When booking for 6pm I was advised that we needed to leave by 8pm, no problem. 
I ate at Arens Bar & Grill with my girlfriend for a special occasion. It was a quiet night and Aren's had a comfortable, welcoming feel and inviting decor. 
Went for the unlimited prosecco afternoon tea. Was nice atmosphere, and very pleasant staff. Food was average but prosecco was good  
Staff attentive, food was ok, nothing special. My wife had fish and it was served with onions ?Tables very close to each other. They need to open an extension , so people have a bit more space. 
We booked as the Pinner venue looks so nice and gets great reviews, so thought we’d give Ruislip a chance as its nearer to us - and because I used to occasionally eat at the Six Bells with my great uncle, so it had a little bit of sentimental value.  
So we went a few days after opening, it wasn't particularly busy which was just as well because service was pretty bad. Our server didn't seem to know the menu, questions asked didn't get replies, he just looked vague. 
My partner was given a Bollinger rose voucher and we set off to have a lovely afternoon (I'd popped a bottle of bubbly in the fridge at home for our return and planned a romantic evening). We were given a warm welcome by the staff and had a lovely walk around the grounds. Then I am afraid it was downhill all the way. I want to be constructively critical as just a few things could have made this a 5 star occasion which unfortunately it wasn't. We and another couple were seated in the same room as a large group of people (more than a dozen with children in tow) so all intimacy was lost - couldn't they (or us and the other couple) have been put in a separate area ? (I noticed a couple arriving after us were led to a room leading off ours). My main issue was that apart from sandwiches everything else is just one big sugar fix. It would have been great if they had offered something savoury, pastries, mini quiches, vol au vents etc. in place of all of the rich cream and sweetness. There was nothing wrong with the cakes themselves just too much emphasis on sweet things and insufficient imagination given to those with savoury tastes. I was not alone in wishing for something savoury as I heard someone from the big crowd saying he would have likes some cheese. I only ate about half of the sweet things on offer but started to feel really physically sick. I didn't say anything to my partner but when he got in the car he said he felt sick as well. Also it would have been nice if the staff had asked if we wanted fresh tea - basically one large pot each was plonked down in front of us at the start and expected to last 2 hours. As I was feeling nauseated it would have been wonderful to have had the option of some peppermint tea - yes I know I could have asked but service is about anticipating needs. So sadly we doubt we will be returning and won't be buying an afternoon tea voucher for anyone. They packed up all of the remaining cakes beautifully for us to take home but as they were the last thing we wanted, we gave them to person who had bought the voucher who was disappointed too that we hadn't enjoyed ourselves. Needless to say the nausea put paid to the romantic evening and the bottle of bubbly remained in the fridge! 
Food was good but with the exception of a beetroot starter that was delicious it's no better than a lot of curry houses in the area and a lot more expensive. I had a lamb bahnjee curry that was nice but oversalted. The rest of the party had biryani, rogan Josh, korma, butter chicken. All food was nice but mains started at £14 also the nam bread was poor, very dense not fluffy and light. Service was good but they did get a couple of things wrong over the evening  
I was very disappointed. Having arrived and looking forward to a Moroccan meal, I found a menu for a Lebanese restaurant. There were 3 Moroccan dishes, Merguez (a spicy sausage starter) and 3 Tagines, chicken, lamb and mince meat balls, a long cooked stew. 
POSITIVES: 
I have visited this restaurant now for the 4th time and would say that the food is not as good or as plentiful as when it first opened. Each time I go back I see a deterioration in the quality of food . There is always a nice buzzy atmosphere in the restaurant which would suggest it is very popular and being able to Bring your own wine is great, however, I would not recommend it as I use to as I believe it is not quite what it was. 
Great Fosters is set in the most beautiful grounds so to be crammed against a wall not being able to put your feet under the table was quite disappointing. The service was good and staff were attentive but we were served jam and clotted cream on a chipped plate and tea in silver tea pot which had not been polished which was also disappointing. I would expect this establishment to pay more attention to detail. The cakes and scones were good but not good enough for a return visit. I wouldn't recommend. 
Having read the reviews we were hoping for something a bit special. It’s clearly a popular restaurant as it was busy with a nice atmosphere. Staff good, decor nice, all clean ... but the food was lacklustre and disappointing. The venison (from the specials menu) was pleasantly spiced but the meat was tough and chewy. Vegetable bhuna - the sauce was again nicely flavoured but the veg were particularly disappointing - just small bits of carrot, peas and sweetcorn, which looked as if they’d come from a bag of frozen veg or a tin. I wouldn’t order a vegetable dish here again. The rice and naan were good, but that’s not much use if the main dishes fail to impress.  
Stunning building - if you like period properties. Beautiful, well kept grounds. Reception staff a little over-attentive. Food waitering staff very good.  
Visited for Sunday lunch with family. Not a great start as although we had rung to increase the number of guests and were told no problem, the booking was still for the original number when we arrived. 
If you do not wish to speak to your guests this is the place. The piano and loud singing make it very difficult to have a conversation. Such a pity, the Wharf is a pleasant restaurant on the river although unfortunately one cannot sit out. The service was good as was the food. 
Firstly I must say that my party all had fun, all enjoyed themselves, all were quite merry intoxicated. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The venue is local and clean and tidy. 
Birthday meal for my daughter. we have been to Arens Bar Pinner and the food was amazing. i said when booking that the meal was for a birthday and nothing was mentioned at all. I didnt think the food was that unusual or special here. The place has been decorated well but it is small and the tables are on top of each other. The drinks were expensive too. I wouldnt rush to return. 
Good service from maitre d. Could not fault food. Fish was delightful and very fresh. Good selection of wine available. Well worth visiting.  
Afternoon tea on March 29th for 3. We were a little disappointed on this occasion compared to previous times; food quality (cakes and sandwiches) and service was not of as high standard as previously and hence not as good value for money; ambience also lacking this time. 
First visit. we ordered onion bhaji and mixed grill as starters and king prawn masala, rice and raita to follow. The first two came promptly and when we had finished we prompted for the mains. These took about 45 minutes more to arrive (sat down at 1:15, these arrived at 2:50), a minute after I threatened to cancel the order. And the wrong dish came up, quickly exchanged for the prawns. The waitress explained that the kitchen was busy. This is poor management. 
The good the bad and the ugly 
Am only leaving this review as I was asked by Great Fosters to do so. Sadly my experience could have been so much better. House and grounds were beautiful, food was ok (nothing more), service fell short of what I anticipated from this standard of establishment.  
Went to this place for a birthday celebration. It is aimed at the mature customer which gives it a nice feel.  
We went for sunday lunch as a family for a birthday. It wasn't a jazz Sunday event but my understanding was that there would be jazz being played, however there wasn't.  
I went to this restaurant for the first time in years with friends and was pleased with food and service so much so we tried to book again a few weeks later but couldn’t as they were undergoing kitchen refurbishment. We were keen to return and did so 2nd June. Major disappointment. New Zealand mussels were tough to be fair they knocked them off the bill. Liver and bacon was like school dinners. Too much tasteless gravy. Deserts were fine but none of us are keen to return now. 
Tucked away behind smart riverside apartments the restaurant has prime position on the river Thames. We visited on a sunny night and we really enjoyed the view and the smart restaurant. The service was great, but unfortunately the food was only average. Nothing really wrong with it, just a bit boring for me. 
* We were Eleven ladies on a Friday evening (02 Aug 2019) - Requested circular table (but when at restaurant, we saw that the lone oval table only sat 8 /9), we had been assured of a " u-shaped table" but on the night it was not the case. We had no choice but to accept long 4 tables joined up. 
The food was OK in my view. But what makes this place is the staff - they are absolutely great! It also quite reasonably priced!  
I haven't been here for years so I was looking forward to a great evening. We went for dinner on Saturday night. They were accommodating in bringing the time of our table forward. It was busy and had a good atmosphere but I was told it could be up to 15 minutes to get my cocktail. It didn't actually take as long as that but it was surprising to be told that (although I did respect the waiters honestly, he was run off his feet all night) 
My recent experience was disappointing compared with previous visits. In this case 
We went for a special dinner, and I had booked a table. It was busy when we arrived, and the waitress was rather odd, rather than greet us, she put her hands behind her back and just stood there. I was rather puzzled, expecting some kind of greeting but was met with silence. When I said that we had booked a table, she mumbled something, disapeared and went to talk to a colleague. He was polite and friendly and showed us to our table. We ordered and 10 mn another waiter came to take our order! I had the bream which I thought would come with vegetables, but was served with a very insipid salad instead. Seeing the price of the dish, I thought this was cutting corners. My husband had the lamb which he was pleased with. The meal was ok but not outstanding, we felt that you pay for the view and location more than the quality of the food. 
This restaurant has been there for years and I've had some lovely meals there but I hadn't been for ages so decided to go with my mum on the Saturday evening before mothers day. They were quite busy with some big parties so we felt a little bit 'out of it.' The menu hasn't changed in as long as I can remember. I chose one of only 2 vegetarian main courses; pan fried haloumi with mange touts, cherry tomatoes and olives. It was exactly as described...ok but very, very boring. My mum had the pork which was quite nice but a bit chewy. I asked for a glass of prosecco (or any other 'fizz) instead of dessert but they don't sell that by the glass so I said I'd have an espresso with a liqueur but they don't do espresso! I'm afraid I probably won't go back as there are much nicer restaurants in Sidcup. 
I reviewed the Wharf previously and said that an evening dinner was spoiled by an 18th birthday disco starting up mid evening. Decided to try again, on a Sunday lunchtime, only for a live jazz band to start up half way through - not even background music, but loud enough to stop all conversation. The food is good and I am sure that some people are happy with loud music as they eat but if you are going out to catch up with friends and family, I wouldn't choose the Wharf.  
First time visited and when you walk in it’s an older generation type customer base, starters duck pate and the lamb medallions. Duck pate tasted bit gamey for my liking the lamb wasn’t to bad but the sauce was really weird sweet tasting to sickly for my taste. Gave it an average rating only because the staff was very friendly had a feel good vibe to the place even though proper old fashioned it’s a bit like marmite your either gonna love it or hate it so am not going knock it just because I didn’t like the food as others prob may enjoy it. It’s a case here try for yourself, for own taste. Top effort to the staff though for customer service I wish the restaurant well but won’t be returning  
I have been before which is why I booked again but it was not like the first time. Considering we spent £150 plus with extra drinks as 2 people did not want tea to drink ,for 5 people overall it was poor. In our party was a 90 year old celebrating her birthday and a heavily pregnant lady and the table we were given( despite having booked some time ago )was a very small low coffee table totally unsuitable for afternoon tea for them. We asked to move but were then set up in a side bar in the modern part of the house, but again not what we had experienced the first time and embarrassing considering this was a birthday treat for a 90 year old!So disappointed as I had said how good it was the first time ! 
This was a treat I was really looking forward to, expecting to be seated in the Hall we were put in the small cocktail bar on our own, there was absolutely no atmosphere and felt very undervalued, sandwhich's were delicious but the cakes were run of the mill, nothing outstanding, will not be going back. 
Average food, staff are slow. Lovely view and great set up. Staff are friendly but food not that amazing - its ok - not bad but ok. A bit over priced for what it was.  
Ok mixed revue. 
On the upside the staff were a fantastic bonus. Venue has quirky decor. Clean. 
The food was delicious, but the seatung for a large party was disappointing. Not easy to move around, people had to climb over seats to reach their destination. Inaccessible for a couple with a young child. 
Came here for lunch recently not expecting much despite the good trip adviser reviews and i was right not to. Food tasted ok but all seemed like it had been bought ready made from the Asda next door. I disagree with other reviewers that the pizza was too small - it was actually very filling and not a bad size, maybe not as gargantuan as the pizzas in pizza express or domino's though. 
Not sure how this place survives?? Food so-so, and very dated. Portions enormous for me and would prefer less and presented better. Had mushroom starter followed by lamb noisettes. Lamb very fatty and grisly. Disco was strange - weird combination of taped music with chef dancing?? 
Online photos, reviews and menus had us in higher expectation than was delivered. 
Amateur service, warm white wine & bland food.  
Visited on a Friday evening, just before Christmas. We should have expected that it’d be busy, but upon entering it was like walking into a sauna, it was that hot! I agree with another review that I read stating that the seating is cramped- we were in a middle booth and it wasn’t that easy to get in and out, which might be problematic if you’re slightly larger. It was quite noisy but we didn’t mind, after all there were a few Christmas parties going on. The wait staff were very good and very attentive. The food however, was a bit of a disappointment, but then again the prices aren’t too high so the quality of the food is probably reflected in this. We had a sharing starter consisting of corn dogs, nachos, chicken, garlic bread and stuffed mushrooms. It felt very TGI Friday’s. The mains were not much better. I had a ribeye and chips with bearnaise- I suppose my medium steak was okay but slightly chewy, and the bearnaise wasn’t great. The drinks however were pretty good. I’m not sure if I’d come here to eat again but I’d probably pop in for a drink.  
Went here with low expectations but was plenty surprised. The service and the food was good. The menu is small but adequate. It seems to cater for an older dinner( Stannah stairlift) but it is done well and this is not a criticism. Three courses and plenty of drinks came to just under £50  
This is a well sited restaurant alongside the Thames at Teddington. There is parking but, inevitably, it's limited for restaurant of this size. The building is attractive and the restaurant area is bright and light with large windows. The adjacent bar is high ceilinged but rather dark. The food is better than just 'good' but some way from 'excellent'. Although my roast beef was cut very thinly, almost certainly on a bacon slicer, it did not taste reheated. A plus was the roast potatoes that were the real deal and not of the 'Bombay Roast' - or deep fried variety as in many establishments. 
Visited here with colleagues. Venue quite small with not much room at the tables. Decor is a little too busy for my liking. Good varied menu at reasonable cost, our meals were nice but average. A little off putting is the waiters constantly hovering around the table. Glad to have visited whilst in the area but not likely to return.  
I like Red Peppers, it's a good neighbourhood restaurant. I usually have the same thing (veggie burritos which are lovely) but a few of my friends have found the food a bit hit and miss. Service could be friendlier.  
We visited here on a Saturday evening for cocktails and dinner. Unfortunately there was a party going on at the same time which made it difficult to concentrate on the conversation as the music was quite loud, I'm also guessing there was an accident as at one point there was a very strong smell of bleach. To be fair it looks like a great location for a party or large group affair.  
After the Med Kitchen had been recommended to us by several people we had tried to get a table on a couple of occasions over the past couple of years but we were always just too late until yesterday!! We had heard some very good things about the food so was looking forward to it. Upon arrival we were given a warm and friendly welcome which is always nice and shown to our table. We have been to a variety of restaurants during lockdown and they have all used different methods to try and make people feel safe. My personal opinion is that the dividers they have used would be much better if you could see through them and allow you to enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant. We ordered the hot appetisers and it was a nice and a good size. I had the neck of lamb for main and my wife had the Lamb Beyti. My neck of lamb was nice and my wife also enjoyed her dish. The staff were friendly enough and if you caught their eye at the right time were speedy enough. I know it’s hard for all the bars and restaurants at the moment so it’s difficult to criticise but I wish they would wear the clear masks/visors. It would make the experience so much better for them and us. All in all I think this restaurant has a lot going for it and we will be back. The only niggles I have are the booking process and the table dividers that make you feel like you are in a lighthouse. 
We went to Blue Harbour in mid-February folliwing its high ranking and ratings. The seafood itself was decent quality and generally cooked OK... but bland.  
Not a lot to say really. 
I was a bit disappointed given all the rave reviews. I'm not sure who thought of the black and silver decor but it felt very gloomy, like the inside of a vampire's boudoir. Sunday lunch was fine although the meat was rather dry. I was disappointed that we were not offered any accompaniments like mint sauce, mustard etc but had to ask for them. We were not asked if we wanted more drinks and had to wait ages for the dessert menu so that there was a gap of over 30 minutes between finishing the main course and getting a dessert. All in all an average experience. Maybe it was an off day? 
To much food and too much noise, for starters I had soup and my wife had a mushroom, I was meant to have bread with my soup but it did not arrive until I almost had finished my soup, the soup and mushroom were nice, both of us has the roast pork, although very nice there was too much, the time taken to serve us was to long and it seemed as though they were short staffed even our drinks took a long time to come. 
We've been happily visiting Red Peppers for years but have to say that we were really disappointed by the service on Saturday evening. Having booked a table for 4 at 6pm, we were quickly shown to our table but then left without a menu or any kind of service for over 25 mins. When we finally got the menu and ordered some drinks they then took a further 20 mins to arrive, by which time the kids were bored, hungry and thirsty.  
Excellent service. Nice place with a decent variety of dishes. The food was ok. I could visit again and try something else. 
Called into the George, around lunchtime, quickly greeted and shown to our table. Our server tuned up after a short while and took drinks order, this time the George was a bit more busy than last time, however our server returned and took our orders, thix is when thins went wrong, we had bowls for salad bar and took what we required, all ok, the potatie skins ordered arrived for one only, the server responded sorry my mistake, I waited for my skins to arrive while my guest eat hers, after a while I ASKED what was the delay , their cooking yours .? At last they arrived, soon after our mains arrived , no complaints, It would seem either I am very unlucky or the staff don't know what they are doing or don't care .?The meal was ok but I think I will think twice before going back , however if you don't mind a wait and the food is quite cheap then you will not mind ? 
We came in to try the lunch menu and to see whether this restaurant matches up to the reviews, and, if so, we were going to come for dinner and try out other dishes on the menu. Unfortunately, the food we had was really underwhelming. Two courses for £12.95 is a good deal but what we got was one really soft fish cake and 6 calamari rings for our starters. The calamari was battered but the batter came off it too easily so you were left eating just the calamari while the batter flopped onto the plate. Our mains were the grilled mackerel and seafood linguini. The grilled mackerel was medium sized but it came with 6 home-made, undercooked chips and a few salad leaves. Yes, that's all. The seafood linguini was a reasonable portion and tasted good. Can't fault the service - it was great.  
Great food, nice venue, however service was poor and kitchen slow. The table next to us was having the same problem.  
I had heard a lot of good things about this place but found it very bland. The calamari (i know we not near the sea but still..) was tasteless and very oily. Burgers were again plain with no garnish. 
Hi, haven't been here in years. But as we were passing we thought we would pop in as they do breakfast. 28/8. 11am. 
We went for a family dinner on Saturday and half way through the evening an 18th birthday party and disco started up on the balcony area, which is not separate or closed off from the restaurant at all. This meant that we had our meal with party music playing, which made conversation impossible. The food was good but the Wharf needs to decide whether it is a restaurant or a party venue - or at least tell diners when they book that there is going to be loud music. We would certainly not have gone if we had known. 
Very disappointing no food for an hour eve hen asking for children's meal to be brought out with adults starters many of the main course we're cold and were reheated in microwave along with being wrong and not as menu 
Missing something of the great Tunisian dishes. The Tunisian lamb ragou didn’t taste right. For The Tunisian chorba the pieces of pasta are too large from the normal and is no longer soupy .  
I had read the reviews and thought I would try it out with the wife and kids. I did like the authentic look in the little room at the back. The starters were ok. The sardines were on the small side, The mains were tasty but nothing amazing. The staff were very friendly. It was a nice meal. 
We chose to go to the harvester because we had not been there for a long time and I use to like the salad cart, the salad cart was great I had the potato skins followed by the scampi, the scampi was fine but chips had been reheated and were horrible, my wife had the breaded mushrooms and the burger both were nice but again the chips were horrible 
My wife and I attended arenas grill at 1430 last Sunday, hottest day of the year, doors were all open but it was still roasting, there were no fans and this put a dampener on our meal, although my pork was nice as were the vegetables the roast potatoes were not that roasted. The decor is dull and on a sunny day it's not the best surroundings, I carry a bit bigger tummy and did not have much room to manoeuvre. Overall a bit disappointing especially for the price  
I went there on a tues evening with friends. There was only one other table of 4. Staff seemed strange - just that - strange! I had no problem at all with my food - all three courses were lovely and my main was the lamb - so much meat! One of my friends was not happy with her meal. She said it was very bland and almost tasteless. Another friend was given a very burnt crumble for dessert - she wasn't happy either!  
Went here for an anniversary meal. There was a large party upstairs and as a result I feel the service suffered which was a shame. We had to ask for steak knives and more drinks. Desserts however were amazing- I would recommend tiramisu!  
I've never visited this place before. We entered the back of the restaurant from the public pay and display car car. I mention this because someone from our party got a parking ticket for overstaying on a Sunday. So keep in mind the parking time. 
Taken here for dinner with friends recently having managed (for unknown reasons) not to try it (despite living locally) ever since it opened over 30 years ago. Their website says their aim was to open an affordable local family restaurant - and that's exactly what they have achieved. 
My wife and I tend to go out for Sunday dinner, we have visited the white bear in ruislip in recent weeks but fancied a change, we have eaten at the arenas grill before and found found the food nice, I had the Sunday roast of pork, my wife had a rack of ribs, at the white bear we normally have a starter, I asked what was the soup and I was told tomato, there was no way I was going to pay £4.50p for a bowl of tomato so we ordered our mains, my meal was great except the pork crackling was not crackling, it was soft and chewy, my wife's ribs were small, she contemplated having half a rack, just as well she had the full rack because that looked like a child's portion, the salad was a small tomato cut in half with a few salad leafs, the cold slaw was in a bowl no bigger than an egg cup, for dessert I had the cremebrulee the shortbread biscuit was the size of a ten piece bit. My wife does not eat dessert so she left hungry. Perhaps the white bear next week. 
Came for dinner with some work colleagues and we were served by a great staff member; Keke. He was full of laughs and made us feel very comfortable. 
Okay, service was good; however, we still don't understand any "discretionary" charge being added to a bill. Why can't customers decide what to tip? Either that or increase the meal prices! 
First time we had dined here, and we were surprised by how empty the restaurant was on a Friday evening. 
Had dinner here recently . Food lovely nicely presented and great textures. Decor lovely. 
I expected alot more from the reviews,breadcumbed blancbait as opposed to floured whitebate were ok but I could of bought those anywhere, same as the squid frozen in panko breadcrumbs which is ok but a cheap alternative to fresh not really memorable mains just a bit lacklustre grilled lamb cutlets were excellent let down by frozen chips ,portions generous on mains but starters disappointing and not great quality,overall pleasant service hit and miss lady waitress very attentive management gave the feeling all they were interested in were the next customers and didnt give eye contact when asked for a jug of tap water which personally think is rude,would I go again ?? If I was passing possibly but overrated from the reviews better quality starters,and not quality over quantity! 
Visited last night. Party of 4. Table was booked but not ready and very hastily cleaned and serviced. Waited a little while for the drinks order - food ok. Nothing to shout about but they have a decent menu that caters for most people - the hallumi burger I had was ok - nice fresh brioche bun was was a bonus.  
Service is friendly and speedy enough, but then it should be because it wasn't very busy for Friday lunchtime (nearby eateries were busier). I wouldn't say the food was tasteless, as has been reported previously, but it isn't anything to rave about. I had the fishcakes and salad. The two fishcakes were large and lightly spiced, but the presentation of the salad left a lot to be desired. A few large Romaine heart leaves covered some shredded slaw-like ingredients, the latter being a bit too roughly shredded and therefore hard to eat. Definite lack of dressing and no oils/vinegars on the table to compensate. A salad and glass of wine came to just under £20.00 - far too much even for Teddington!. The fact that I couldn't get through both fishcakes, and took one away in a neat little bag doesn't compensate for the salad being £13.50. 
The restaurant was very nicely decorated and the staff very attentive and friendly. However, the lamb in the curry I ordered was very dry. The curry was slightly under flavoured too. But the sauce had a nice consistency. I’d come again but would order chicken or prawn instead.  
The spaghetti tree used to be a good restaurant. However we've visited twice recently and won't do so again. Food is microwaved and bland and generally not very good quality. I ordered a tomato salad last time and they were rubbishy pale, cheap and tasteless tomatoes, so disappointing. The staff seem pretty disinterested in their customers too. 
we booked for the first time at the Arens B & G, we went on a Sunday at 2.30pm, at first we had to wait in the bar for our table to be ready, we tried to order a drink but we had trouble hearing the barman as the music was very loud, we only waited a short while before being shown to our table. my wife & I had the sharing starter we waited 25 minutes to receive it, but it was worth waiting for, our main meal was a roast pork with crackling & my wife had the chicken & chorizo skewer, both were nice except that my crackling was soft (not cooked enough) & for me there was not enough meat, again we waited about 25 minutes but we did not mind the wait. the price was what you would expect a little pricey but worth it, we did not like the lay out of the restaurant as we were to close to other dinners & there were a noisy group next to us which put a damper on the nice food. 
I was dining with a party of 8 and like most gatherings people arrive at different times. I would mention that the restaurant is on two levels and from the sound levels there was a large gathering on the first floor. Whilst we were seated at a round table on the ground floor it seemed that more attention was being made of the “upstairs” group than us. In addition, there was only one other couple on the ground floor and this somewhat seemed to impact upon the ambience of the venue. 
We went as a group of 3 males, a mates night out. 
I’ve been going to Red Peppers for many years now, in fact from when it was called Bunters! This cosy family restaurant has long been a regular go to for any occasion. 
Had a nice meal at Red Peppers. Food and service was good. We went early so it was pretty quiet. Shame they lost the restaurant space they used to have. 
We had our table reserved, as you never know how busy a place is on your first visit. 
We enjoyed our dinner, the service was good and friendly. A good place for lunch perhaps and very handy for the town. Perhaps not for couples as it is quite small and the tables are rather close together. 
Ordered food and specified certain allergies and intolerances which were accepted at the time of order but completely ignored when the food arrived. Then told that the food is precooked and can’t be changed. 
Surroundings were very impressive, and lovely gardens to walk round afterwards.  
Had a meal with our family, it's a nice spot for a restaurant but the decor lets it down. The staff were OK, not great. The food was very basic but not bad. Quite expensive. Wouldn't recommend or return 
Whilst visiting son in Sutton took him out for lunch here. Food of a fairly standard type Italian fare. Waiters very friendly and helpful. Located in a very convenient spot near 
As my titles states this place can be really hit and miss. We have eaten here plenty of times and the food and service have been amazing however we have also eaten here plenty of times and the food has been okayish and the service absolutely appalling. So it really is luck of the draw. 
I took my Mum for afternoon as a Birthday treat on Saturday 8th October at 5pm! 
I love Pizza. 
The food was lovely but the seating was cramped in the middle isle so very uncomfortable. It wasn't relaxing, one had to sit bolt upright and two of the guests are over 6 foot so extremely cramped 
An odd place. It is trying too hard, glitzy, glittery carpet, dim chandeliers & lots of black leather & granite. It's a bit 1990's. The wait staff were very pleasant. Mostly young women trying extremely hard and doing a good job except for checking in to see if everything was OK which sadly it wasn't. We had starters of a goats cheese tart & tomato & mozzarella salad. The tart was so hot it took the top layer of my mouth off and the salad was cherry tomatoes & rubbery cheese. For over £6 a go it wasn't really worth it. After about an hour the mains arrived. My chicken tasted fine but it was basically a chicken breast with roasted new potatoes 'rissole' according to the menu. I can't say it was unpleasant but nor was it anything that an 11 year couldn't cook. The potatoes were again nuclear heat which suggested microwaving and there was no sauce despite being described as coming with garlic & rosemary butter. To be fair we did get a percentage off for raising our concerns which was fair. It may be that steak here is the thing. Many people around us seemed to be ordering this and seemed happy with the experience. 
I went with some reservations as my last visit had been pretty disastrous. However in all fairness I was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant has well laid tables, it's clean & tidy, but very traditional in decor, perhaps a bit old fashioned. We were well looked after by the team of staff, the food was ok but not amazing. The menu offers a wide range of choices to suit every taste. The average age of diners was over 50, so not a trendy venue for anyone younger.  
A group of us went here for my Grandma's 80th at the weekend; I must say I wasn't massively impressed with the food. I had soup to start with and duck for a main, both of which weren't amazing. On a positive I had ice cream for desert and that was exceptional; the restaurant itself was nice and the staff were outstanding. 
Went on Wednesday, very easy to book a table. We were put on a made up table right next to the bar, so staff were constantly walking past, only about 3 staff were wearing masks. Had to ask 3 times for water (we had ordered wine) food was nice but nothing special £95 for 2 with wine I think is a bit overpriced for an average meal, crap table and staff who aren’t on the ball. We won’t be going back. 
This used to be my go to place and I always bring my friends here, I know the staff well and am a regular! I went back after lockdown to find Jeff no longer is the manager! It’s really changed now and I am so disappointed! Such a shame as it was always such fun in there..... 
Food is ok. Overpriced for the quality and standard you get in my opinion.  
Positives 
We visited on 31st August for lunch. The food was impressive but unfortunately the service was poor! We waited a long time for menu's, a long time for drinks & a long time in between courses. The waiter was miserable and we had some unwelcomed guests in the form of wasps! A nice venue with good food but the service needs improvement 
Went out as 2 couples for an evening meal towards the end of August. My friend and I had the tiger prawn prawn linguine and the quality was average. The service was also average and did not deserve 12.5% service charge but we paid it Covid time and things are tough for everyone. Having said this, the ambience was very nice and we enjoyed the apple crumble, it was delighted. 
We booked at Aren's Bar & Grill for dinner on a Saturday night, pre-announcing dietary intolerances (gluten and cow's milk dairy).  
Went to Adams Cafe based on TA reviews for Moroccan food. The service was good, but food was pretty average in terms of flavour and portion size. Not sure I would go back for the food, but the atmosphere was nice.  
A typical Hrvester meal. A good choice on menu. Free salad bar as well as reasonable starters. All our main courses were enjoyed but not outstanding! 
I must say my most recent visit was the best in that the waitress was friendly and polite. 
First time coming here for food, also got the bottomless brunch booked for October due to covid cancelling in March. Really enjoyed the food, service was really good. However one thing that made me feel a little uncomfortable was that we was no way 1 metre plus from the table next to us, and lucky no one came and sat next to us the other side. It made me feel very conscious and it’s the first time I have done in a restaurant in beckenham as others have been really good with the conditions the government has set. Also no staff wearing masks or gloves.... not sure if this is 100% required. While COVID is still so rife at the moment I think they need to space the tables, I know it might mean not being able to have as many customers, but until October I won’t come back due to this, and customers safety should come first. Overall a really good experience, great food, great service (with a smile), just the 1 metre plus rule was not adhered too, which I was disappointed with.  
I have been a massive fan of spaghetti tree Sutton and Walton for a long time and have been to both many a times however it saddens me to say that the food in the Sutton spaghetti tree is not what it use to be. On our last visit the food had no taste to it and was very bland.  
We came here on the back of a recent review in the Sunday Telegraph - some of us having been here regularly 30 years ago or so. 
After reading the reviews on here I was very excited to this restaurant, especially as I have never tried any kind of North African food before. The food was OK, it definitely didn't live up to the amazing reviews we saw on here. The tagine was quite nice but didn't blow me away and the lamb skewer was no better than any average kebab I've had elsewhere. The meal was quite nice apart from the dessert, I had baklava which was awful! A service charge was automatically added to the bill which was quite a lot, especially when the service wasn't anything special (it was a busy night and a lot for 2/3 people so the did well under the circumstances but didn't warrant the 12.5%). The meal was quite a lot more than expected (especially as we brought our own wine so only paid the £4 corkage fee). Would not rush back there as there are much better restaurants around the area that are more reasonably priced. 
We've been going to GF for over ten years and have stayed at the hotel, had dinner in the barn area, attended Xmas events and had afternoon tea many times. However, the atmosphere and service has taken a distinctive turn.  
Small family restaurant. Clean and friendly owners. Food wasn't too bad either. Nice place for dinner if you don't really want to splash on a meal 
We were seated in an area where previous diners have eaten and the carpet was in a mess beyond description. Also we were seated where the seat covers have ripped off and could even see the interior form. The person who seated possible could not see any of these flaws. was very surprised  
As a local I’d wanted to try this place out for a long time as it looks so nice - The interior is presented well with some great lighting. My welcome was good from one member of their team but another waitress was quite abrupt and didn’t give the impression she enjoyed her job.  
I see that I reviewed this restaurant in January 2014. I am using the same title now! 
I went here with my mum for breakfast, and it was very odd, food arrived in a round pasta dish, the poached egg was watery, and not really worth the money we spent, far too overpriced. Not really sure why it has such good reviews they staff were nice they just need to adjust their prices and make there food better 
Have been here quite a few times over the years, but our recent visit was disappointing. 
A lovely little restaurant but never seems to be that busy! Good italian food at a reasonable price. Have visited on several occasions and will certainly visit again 
We took my father and step-mother to Arens as it was recommended to us. The staff were amazing and nothing was too much trouble and the starters were amazing too, particularly the Calamari WOW! They were the good points. The music was far too loud and did not suit the ambiance and it was still too loud even after they turned it down at our request. My father tried several red wines as the one he wanted was not sold by the glass only by bottle and they were (even I agreed), not very nice. The food at Arens is in my opinion vastly overpriced and apart from the starter only of average quality. I'm afraid it's not a restaurant I would rush back to. 
We visited for Saturday lunch just after lockdown was eased, so we weren’t sure what to expect. We were seated at a nice table, and the menu looked very good and also good value - and the food was good. Our disappointment was that there was only one waitress working and, although the restaurant wasn’t full, we struggled to get any service once our main course arrived. Both the waitress and the manager walked past our table on a few occasions after we had all finished eating, but with no intention of clearing the dirty plates. As this went on for a while we ran out of time to have dessert and had to pay the bill, still with all the main course plates in front of us.  
Food lovely as always and so reasonably priced BUT the server with red hair is rude and annoying. I remember her from last time. You have to keep asking for your drinks, food, etc and her attitude is not good! Our food arrived and our drinks hadn’t so I told her and she said “Yes! Ok!” very abruptly and when she return only had my husband’s drink. She asked me a 3rd time what I ordered and when she finally came back with it she reached across me and her sleeve went in my food. I couldn’t be bothered to say anything as I didn’t want to deal with her anymore. The table next to us also walked out because of her attitude. She’s ruining the place. Train her properly or replace her because the food is really good but she spoils the experience.  
Went to Arens for a friends birthday celebration, had drinks in the bar first, the waiter/barman was exceptionally good & very friendly. Went into the restaurant, the decor is lovely very 'blingy' but good fun, our waitress was very nice very friendly & prompt with the service. The food was also very nice, maybe a bit overpriced. So why not give it 5 stars?? Well there was just something not quite right about it all, there was one very loud waiter who kept bursting into song, quite amusing the first time but soon became very tiresome, a couple of the customers actually stood inside the doorway smoking which was very annoying as the smoke was blowing straight onto our table, could not understand why the staff didn't say something to them as they are technically breaking the law? Anyway all in all not terrible but not likely to return or recommend. 
The service is efficient and friendly. Food ideal for children e.g. pastas, pizzas etc. Nice ambience. 
We wasn't going to write a review after last weeks visit as we often feel that if you have nothing positive to say, say nothing at all but upon reflection we felt that we rely on this site as an excellent information tool and others would benefit from our experience, so..... 
We had a great afternoon tea here. Plenty to choose from with regards to blends of teas. I had a vegetarian afternoon tea and it was tweeted to my preferences with no fuss at all. We were asked if we would like more sandwiches but what we had had been enough. 
Not my cup of tea, the décor is just to over the top and on a sunny day walking into the very very dark pub is off putting.  
Not been here for a few years so thought we would give it a try again. 
I choose this restuarant based on Tripadvisor recommendations. Based on our experience, I thought perspective would be needed. The night was fun, but not due to the food, location, ambience. Wine list is limited (our bottle below average), food was average to ok (expected more); ambience lacking for an evening for 2. Would be perfect for a large group meal with variety for value. 
This little place was on the high street of teddington and we tried it. They have a good area of eating tables which some of them spread onto the pavement and I'd nice to tuck into your lunch on a nice sunny day. We order the salmon with rice and coconut and thai stry fry. When the meals arrived it was not much for the hungry passer-by. We would of like to see a bit more on the plate. On this occasion the rice was not the best and I suggest they invest in a rice cooker it may give better results. On the whole the taste was good and had very nice flavours. Although the main was ok. But the dessert made up for it and we had the blue berry cheese cake , boy was that delicious it just tasted so smooth and velvet. The furniture​ was mostly wooden with some chair were comfy but most were hard. The staff were very happy and smiled and were very curtious and quick and attentive. The price was in line with London. It does cater for family and small crowds and birthday party easy enough. I like the experience and I would come back to try it again. 
Saturday evening dinner with family plenty of room. good food and quick a bit over priced. had chicken pasta not much chicken only four small bits. 
Good quality ingredients, but really expensive, my eggs Royale got really cold really quickly as the sauce was stone cold, perfectly poached eggs which is always tricky.  
Ate here one Friday evening with three friends. Kicked-off with a king prawn puree which we have at every Indian and use as a benchmark dish. The puree was perfectly edible but didn't have a depth of flavour that I've had elsewhere. My wife and I then shared a couple of king prawn dishes which were again perfectly edible but didn't linger long on the taste buds. Nothing wrong with anything we ate but the flavours were sadly somewhat lacking. 
My two friends and I visited at the beginning of April. we had booked, and had some drinks in the bar whilst waiting for our table, which didn't take long. Our food was good, arrived at the table in good time, but i was disappointed with my dessert, i ordered the apple tart tatin, which i assumed would arrive hot as I've had in other restaurants. No, this one was fresh out of the fridge, it couldn't have been colder, there was no caramelisation, just cold pastry with cold apple chunks on top, it was tasty though, just not a tart tatin. we paid our bill which was a little on the heavy side for a party of three, prices aren't what I'd call reasonable, and off we went. However, the next day on reflection, i checked the websites menu against what we had ordered, and we had been overcharged. 
Service was a little slow and awkward, I had scalding tea spilt on my foot and on the cloth. The sandwiches were nice. The scones were delicious. The very "bought in cakes" were ok. Lovely Hotel and beautiful grounds. 
.Nice enough restaurant offering a varied menu, the only problem is the staff are pretty slow and not very friendly 
The Restaurant was busy and there was a good atmosphere, the cocktails were good, but the food was very tasteless and disappointing. Also, the service was very slow. 
We love going to this restaurant, the food is good and the staff are attentive. However, the food this time was a mixed bag! The pizza was spot on fabulous but the soup was suprisingly poor which was disappointing. We were refunded with no problem and it won't stop us going back but I did expect better!  
I'm not sure the food is cooked fresh here. It arrived to the table very quickly and didn't taste freshly made. 
We visited Sophie's Choice last night. It was my first visit but I am aware the restaurant has been here for a long time, which is a good sign.  
Had been looking forward to trying this new addition to Wallington high street. It's been to busy before as there not many tables. For breakfast everyone seemed to be having poached eggs, not a huge selection and though I fancied a bacon or cheese sandwich these were only available on the children's (kids) menu. So we had a slice of banana cake, there wasn't much to choose from and a black Americano. Both were ok though not special. It's a noisy cafe with high seats like perches not very comfortable for lingering and its noisy so quite conversation difficult. The staff were OK but not very friendly. No food is served outside so the 2 tables must be for smoking at, nobody was using them. Personally I much prefer one of the established cafes on the high street which offer a much better selection of food and are very friendly and welcoming. 
I have been to this restaurant before and it was great, however, yesterday evening just did not compare. I was part of a party of around 25 people who were there for a friends 60th Birthday meal. The restaurant had partitioned off the back of the 1st floor and arranged 3 large round tables. As the meal was a surprise everyone had gathered to the back of the restaurant chatting, no waiters were around at that point so we went to the little bar and bought a couple of drinks. During the time we were waiting for the main party to arrive not one waiter came over to ask if anyone wanted drinks. Once everyone had arrived and we sat at the tables we were waiting at least 15 minutes before anyone came over to take our drinks order. I felt like the restaurant were more than happy to book large parties in but they were far too short staffed to cope. 
We wanted a place for a Sunday lunch which catered for both vegetarians and meat eaters alike, sadly this did not live up to expectations. The staff were nice and friendly, the cocktails fabulous and the Sunday lunch for those who ate meat was good. However... if you are a vegetarian you will be very very disappointed. The menu said ‘vegetarian options’ but there were NO options. I was presented with a plate of vegetables. Who puts mashed potatoes and roast potatoes on a plate with a few bits of cauliflower,some chunks of sweet potato (yes more potato...) a Yorkshire pud, some green beans and Brussel sprouts as hard as bullets onto a plate and calls it an ‘option’. I call it a plate of vegetables for customers we do t care about! It was lazy and unimaginative! Where was the nut roast or the butternut squash wellington, or a vegetable pie or jackfruit casserole? I used to be served plate of vegetables back in the 1980s because there were limited options and well not much imagination. Now days there is no excuse! This place could be amazing and inclusive sadly we found it lacking... 
A group of us visited to have afternoon tea. The prosecco was free flowing, the scones and cakes were lovely. However the sandwiches didn't have a lot of filling and as we had one unexpected pescatarian we were presented with a large plate of cheese and tomato sandwiches rather than a mix. Service was ok but there wasn't a great welcome. 
OK, let's deal with the elephant in the room... the name: Sophie's Choice. I mean really? what was this going to be? A Holocaust themed restaurant. Would we be given a Schindler's Wine List? I wondered. Would we have to choose between two lobsters in a tank, while their mother looks on? OK, OK, I'm guessing not everyone is a film buff and Sophie is probably the owner and the whole thing sounded like a good idea at the time.  
Thought we had found a little gem in Eastcote, but unfortunately Aren's didn't live up to expectations. We were warmly welcomed by the very friendly and efficient Maitre de and the other (lots) members of staff. The decor is quirky and not at all what you would expect from an old pub. The tables in the middle of the restaurant are quite tight - we are not large and we felt very uncomfortable and asked to move. The menu is varied and in principal sounds very nice - not in the eating however. Two diners had the bbq spare ribs which they thoroughly enjoyed, the slow cooked lamb is certainly fiery. The salmon was a great disappointment. A very thin, tail piece which had been totally overcooked and lacked any flavour because of this - I would normally have complained on the night but we were not with people I felt comfortable doing this with. In my opinion this wasn't Loch Duart Salmon. As other diners have mentioned two people then ordered the Aren's Tart Tatin. Think more of a small apple tart straight out of the fridge. I would advise the management to change the name to an apple tart. The Chocolate pudding, although not bad, had obviously been pre-made and slightly warmed before serving. On reflection maybe the food to order is the ribs/steaks and burgers. The service was very attentive without being intrusive. 
I went to Curry Mahal with a few friends last night after booking a table in advance. 
It's great to see an independent cafe on Wallington High St, and this place is great. Lovely cake (could be a bit less dry though). But on our visit it was let down by the coffee, which was disappointing. Very weak and served in an unattractive tall mug. Americano was apparently topped up with water from a hot water urn. 
Experienced an afternoon tea here with friends. Unfortunately we were moved inside because of the rain in the morning but when we arrived in the afternoon the rain had stopped and other guests were outside enjoying the grounds so not sure why they moved us considering we booked a table outside. The afternoon tea was nice, I've had much nicer at other venues though. The sandwiches were lovely but not served on a tier which is a shame, they are served on plates. The cakes and scones were nice too but nothing special. The Pimms is delicious. We then moved outside for cocktails, it's a beautiful setting. The cocktails are expensive but a nice treat. 
People who had the meat seemed happy with their food, and the starters and desserts were excellent. However, there was only one veggie option, a 'rosti', that was dumped on the plate like a cow pat. Restauranteurs need to be aware that we like delicate and delicious options too! I couldn't eat this. 
Went here for a girls catch up and we picked the right place! The staff were friendly and attentive without being annoying. The food was ok but not wow!! There was a big party in on the night we were there but it didn't affect the service we received . The reason it didn't get 4 stars is because I really like nice table linen and at Sophie's they have paper tablecloths and napkinsand I feel that let's it down . 
A group of four of us visited Arens Bar on Easter Sunday. 
6 of us went to this restaurant on a Tuesday evening and were surprised to see it pretty full - but mainly with more senior people. It looks very nice on the website but we all found the food a little disappointing. I have to say that my asparagus starter was ok but the duck was rather overcooked and the sauce too sweet and cloying. Wines by the glass are also rather restricted. Most disappointing though was the cheeseboard - nothing special or noteworthy in the choice of cheeses at all. We won't hurry back. 
Went to a recent themed Slovakian evening. Staff were good, food ok but the music was plain dreadful. Very little room between tables made for cramped conditions. The food was a little lacking in flavour but enjoyable enough 
Staff very hard working and accommodating. Food ok but nothing special. Prices fair, and as others have said, clientele seems to be families or the 50+, perhaps attracted by the large portions on offer here. There is background music which we like. Air conditioning a bit over zealous but others seemed to find it comfortable. Think the restaurant decor probably needs a creative rethink as the high ceilings seem to create a cold atmosphere. Probably worth the owners visiting a few high end restaurants, just to get some ideas on updating their menu and presentation style. 
Having been here many times in previous years I looked forward to taking my partner for a good meal 
Perfectly nice Sunday lunch with all the trimmings. 
Forever messy in the restaurant. There never seems to be enough staff to cover the jobs that need doing. Toilets tend to be quite dirty to. Very frustrating when there’s no need for a restaurant like that (especially when it’s not busy) to be dirty!! 
I’ve visited a few harvesters in various locations and I have to say it’s one of the best I’ve visited and I would have rated higher based on the quality of food and standard of the pub. Regarding food it was well seasoned food, hot (which is always good and you’ll be surprised how many haven’t been), it was high quality produce and the salad bar is undoubtably the best I’ve seen. Unfortunately and what has dropped my mark would be the service, I had my salad and wait 15 mins for my starter which wasn’t bad and then I sat there and waited and waited and waited, 50 mins went by after my starter was finished and I had to prompt the waitress, she then asked a further 2 members of staff for my food and asked me twice what I had ordered, even after I gave my table number (she could find that info out from that), then I got my food and like I said it was of a good standard and tasted great but I can’t help but be disappointed at the service, yes I was on the bar side but it felt like I was just pushed aside, wether I’m a solo eater or family I’m still a customer. Also note I didn’t once get a sorry.  
I hadn't visited this Harvester branch for some time so we decided to see if it had improved. Initially we were not impressed to be shown to a table at the back which had very badly torn bench seats and a very wobbly table. We moved ourselves to a better location but even here the artificial leather seats were cracked and table unsteady. The place had a makeover in recent years but it has not worn well. Anyway on a more positive note our waitress Rhianne (? Sp) was lovely and all our food excellent. There was a well stocked , clean salad bar and the meat and fries were delicious. We finished with calorific but great tasting sundaes and not a huge bill although shame that early bird is now 2 to 5pm. What really let the place down was the state of the ladies toilets. The floor was dangerously slippery as is common these days with the air hand dryers away from the sinks. 2 of the 3 toilets were full of paper and faeces and one toilet had a broken flush. Customers need to supervise children and report issues but staff had clearly not checked toilets which should be a regular occurrence, no excuse. I mistakenly posted this review in The George Morden branch so apologies to them if I can't get it removed! 
Just returned from a family evening at red peppers and have to say when we have been here befor the burgers were lovely, so we all went for the burgers my wifes burger was burnt and mine was stone cold as well as the chips, looks like the standerd of food has gone down hill, as there is a new ribs and burger restaurant just 200 yards down the road you would think the standerd would be even higher but not in this case, shame as this was our favourite burger place. 
We called unexpectedly when our planned local restaurant was closed. We had heard good reports of the Med Kitchen. It was busy on a cold Wednesday evening but there were plenty of tables. The welcome was friendly and the service exceptionally fast, although it makes me question how much of the food is prepared fresh. The food and portion sizes were good and wholesome. It is not fine dining. There were three birthdays while we dined and the restaurant marks them in a loud boisterous way! If I have a very personal niggle, it is when you visit the lavatories and have to wend your way through lots of stacked chairs and boxes and avoid tripping over an industrial vacuum. These have no place in public areas and detract from the overall quality and ambience. However the price was very reasonable and the restaurant is a welcome local addition. We would go back. 
We booked a table and we seated given the worst table. Right by the door so not a good start . Starters were ok and the carbonara was very nice . Value for money but if we go again I would ask not to be given table by the door . Not a lot if room between tables so conversation not very private .  
Had been looking forward to this meal as read so many good reviews. The food was nice & tasty but felt we were a little rushed. Maybe change your last seating time could be an idea 
The decor was nice, old background music not so good. The sirloin steak was tough, overcooked and grisly. I asked for medium and got a dark brown piece of meat. Ugh. The afters were good and nicely presented. Won't be going back and wont recommend. 
Good atmosphere but service was very slow and the food average at best. One waiter did notice that we had waited a long time for our plates to be cleared and that there was a lot of food left. I dish was far to salty and he took this off the bill without being asked. 
The sandwiches were great and the scones good but there was very limited cream and the dainty cakes provided were shop bought and not home made. Nice venue though and the staff were pleasant but a bit over priced for shop bought cakes. 
We booked a table for 8pm via the telephone. When we got there they asked to take a seat and we would be called through after a drink. 30 mins later we asked again if our table was ready? We were asked for our details again and then asked who we booked with!! We were then told it would be 10 more mins then we would be ready to go. 10 mins later another waiter came and told us it was going to be another 10 mins and when I asked him why he said they were busy. I asked if this was acceptable to be waiting 45 mins for a table we booked and he shrugged his shoulders and walked off without comment. We were about to leave when another waiter came over and offered us a drink on the house for the poor service. We accepted the offer and the explanation/ true version of events and in 5 more mins our table was ready (9pm). The food was nice and worth the wait but the front of house waiters, approach, needs some work.  
Nice have a new local restaurant in Sanderstead. The hummus and lamb mouska were missing depth of flavour. Expensive for the quality of food we received. 
Expected better from the reviews from other people!! Food was okay however the atmosphere was a little bit too "old" 
Okay, it was a Friday night and the restaurant was full, but over 20 minutes between starter and main course and then an even longer wait between the main course being cleared and a waiter reappearing to enquire after our needs... Whilst the desserts looked good and coffee would have been welcomed, we felt we needed to take the chance offered by this rare attendance to ask for the bill... 
I have visited Red Peppers many times food usually very good but just average this time. Still very friendly staff and service good. 
Visited recently for a birthday meal. Generally, the starters far exceeded the mains,apart from the garlic mushrooms. We have had the same problem with these before - not very garlicky! Halloumi skewers were nice as were the soup and ribs according to the rest of the family. Stir fry main was a bit tasteless. Nice bonus for a Friday is prosecco on offer for £ 9.95. Service was fine but mains need some more flavour. 
Positives 
Visited while on business after seeing reviews on TA. Fast and attentive service all friendly, all good. Starter of lamb tikka very nice and not as dry as some you can get. Main of chicken jalfrezi was ok but not as refined as I've had elsewhere. Lacking in ingredients, so a bit uninteresting but tasted ok. I thought bill was a bit 'central London' and not 'Sidcup'. £1.70 for a couple of dips into the chutney tray was also taking the absolute Michael... Not seen that before outside of very high end venues... So left feeling a bit underwhelmed... 
I have visited this restaurant many times and have always been very happy however on Mother's Day this was not the case. I booked at least 6 weeks before but was kept waiting 50 mins for my table which was not ideal as we had 2 children under 8 with us and by the time we were seated it was 7.30.  
The George is a very old pub opporsite the duck pond in Ruislip. It was renovated about 2 years ago and is starting to look tired again. The food is the standard Harvester stuff with the usual salad cart. 
Midweek evening meal with family. Wanted somewhere local, child friendly, casual and not too expensive. Hadn't booked but though fairly busy were still able to get a table. Good menu with reasonable variety. Liked the food. Good without being great. Comfortable and met all ecpectations. Bill was under £50 for three. Went away happy enough and will come again. 
Visited mid-week for dinner; the food and service were great. Our server (name escapes me apologises) was fantastic; checking if the food was ok, if we needed anything else.... without being intrusive. However my issue with this establishment; and the reason I probably won't visit again - in hot weather anyway! is the lack of any air conditioning / fans. The restaurant was refurbished a few years back; but there is no A/C and it was unbearable when we visited. I sympathise with the staff; for whom it must be awful. 
So I have heard good things from friends who have visited for food. 
We decided to go here for our Anniversary meal on Saturday the 8th October. 
Had to wait to be seated even though we had reservation and actually go look for someone to attend the front desk, it wasn't very busy but they only had a couple ppl serving quite a few tables but can't fault the waitress who was friendly and professional, food wise it was standard nothing out of this world, good choice on the menu, then main thing family liked it, expresso coffee was very weak and watery, there was quite a choice of desert and didn't disappoint all in all a good night.  
The food was lovely but sadly the 1st main meal they gave me was warm as they had left it on side and forgotten about it  
Stopped here with the family on Wednesday evening. It wasn't a busy night but the waitress told us they had run out of spit roast chicken and a few other bits how can you run out of chicken when it's one of your main things on your menu!? The other food we ordered was nice and couldn't fault that. The serving staff were friendly and welcoming. We then came to order dessert and again you had run out of butterscotch sauce. I think you need to look at your food ordering by the chef and think again especially if this happens over the bank holiday!! I will come again as I hope you will rectify your food ordering skills. 
A friend recommended the Junction so I took my in-laws. The dining space is very pleasant and there were a number of customers when we arrived eating everything from afternoon teas to Sunday roasts. 
I hate leaving bad reviews but unfortunately it needs to be done in this case. The service started bad and continued unfortunately. We were left waiting at the door when we arrived and werent even offered to go to bar while we wait. Once seated we waited and waited. Once we'd ordered our drinks we then waited and waited and waited for our drinks to arrive. The food was average. Nothing amazing. The waiters were not attentive. Its such a shame, because the music and atmosphere was quite good. 
This was our first visit. We were not greeted or welcomed to the restaurant but service was otherwise ok. Difficult for a group of 4 to have dinner as it was very noisy. There seemed to be a DJ in the corner so not sure if they are trying to be nightclub/cocktail bar/restaurant.  
A friend an I had dinner at the Junction on Wednesday night and although the food was really nice the service was poor. 
I had dinner here with three friends on the Friday before Christmas. The food was excellent, the service was great and the staff were very friendly. However our meal was spoilt by the very loud music, I think we may have been sitting directly under a speaker. I could not hear what any of my friends were saying it was more like being in a nightclub than a restaurant. It spoilt our evening. I would like to try this place again as the food was good but maybe for lunch next time. 
Nice for a drink with girlfriends if under 40. Very loud you can't talk over the music while eating. food not the best, Beckenham has far better restaurants for food. 
My wife and I had heard good feedback for Junction and decided to give it a try, first visiting in May 2018. We had a couple of drinks whilst seated at the bar. Cocktails were good although fashionably expensive. Tables seemed tightly spaced. All courses and dishes chosen were well presented and tasty. The wine list was reasonable and it’s not often we get into a second bottle. We were impressed with the quality of both the white and red we chose. Service was quite mixed. We found the pricing overall to be top end for Beckenham and decided this is not a place we will regularly visit for whole family dining but no doubt we will revisit for another occasion when we don’t have the kids in tow. 
The restaurant is nice to look at. Service is questionable, I felt that the waiters were friendly but condescending after we asked for some sauce of some kind to go with the feta starter as it was dry. The food did not all come out at the same time and I felt like we were at ‘school ‘ as they called out what the dish was and then everything was passed down the table. You are literally expected to take by hand everything from them and pick up everything to give to them? Really? The food was great and tasty. Very good sized portions. The toilets are clean and spacious, unfortunately no paper towel in them. 
Not the value it once was as prices have increased and not many deals of interest. Décor looking a bit shabby and in need of an update. Bit of a greasy smell pervades the place. Food was ok. the usual grilled fayre with not an abundance of vegetables. 
Too much variety on menu and staff always seem stressed out and can be rude. Feel pressurised to eat quickly and get out so as they can do the next sitting. 
We have now been here twice in the last couple of weeks once on a Saturday night and the other for a Boxing Day lunch. 
Very average bar , which looks wonderful from the outside but upon entering it seems to get a bit lost.  
We were sat straight away and ordered quickly, service ok but non smiling - it really does make a difference to smile! 
I went to the Spaghetti Tree on Saturday with 10 family members to celebrate my Wedding. The food was quite good, but mostly it seemed to have a good atmosphere. The singers were very good and everyone got up to dance.  
The food in this restaurant is decent. But it is very cramped and does not add to the restaurant experience. The customer service was not up to mark either. Overall an average dinner night. 
had a meal in here with 6 friends over the weekend first impressions was they must have bleached the floor cause it smelt really strong like a toilet but least we new it was clean :) . My only other thing to say was the beer was warm not good. now on to the food. I had a pizza which was nice and my mate had a lamb shank which was nice a little bit rich but nice. also service was ok. also I think they should get a bigger place as its very small and you feel like people and stepping on your toes all the time. 
This restaurant has not been open very long, it's in a quiet parade of shops with plenty of parking. We went on a Wednesday evening and arrived at 7pm. Although quite early and a midweek it was already very busy. The interior is nicely decorated and seating is comfortable . There is also a bar where you can wait if the table is not ready. Tables are pretty closely packed together and it's pretty noisy. The service was a bit hit and miss, had to order drinks twice on two separate occasions as they were forgotten the first time and the wrong drinks sent the next. Although it was busy there was no undue delay with the food arriving. We had a mixture of starters, Falafel, Houmous and filo pastry with cheese. For mains, mixed shish & chicken kofte. None of it was very well presented but tasted fine. They got two dishes wrong but we only realised when they brought some lamp chops mid way through the meal. Before we had really finished they were trying to clear the table. Ten minutes later a waiter came to offer us a round of drinks on the house, provided we got up and went to the bar as they wanted to sit more people down! We had been in the place for one and a half hours. The place was heaving by then so we got the bill and left. I won't be going back, they take more guests than they can handle and you can't relax at all. 
Me and a few friends decided to visit this place due to all the hype surrounding it... however we were sadly disappointed. 
Visited on a quiet Tuesday evening in February. We enjoyed the food, which is of high quality and nicely flavoured. However, the portion sizes are only average - certainly not generous. The decor is simple; definitely not plush; rather basic really; not a 'special occasion' kind of place. And all of this for Mayfair (or at least Chelsea) prices. This is a neighbourhood restaurant in Fulham after all. My friends and I each had two drinks but no starters and spent £34 per person. We could easily have ordered more but didn't. I would say this is 30-40% too expensive than it deserves to be. With starters we would have spent £40 per person. After all, their costs are really no higher than any number of nearby Indian restaurants. They aspire to be superior with their cooking, which is good rather than amazing. I can't help but feel they would be more successful if they lowered their prices, which would draw in more customers. Will I go again? Perhaps, but not as often as I would if it was more sensibly priced. Shame. 
On the recommendation of Nextdoor and a couple of friends, I collected a takeaway. I ordered all veggie. I am not a veggie, but like to know where my meat comes from and love Indian veggie. I loved the roti, and also the mushroom pilau, but the spinach (especially) was a wee bit too hot for me. Very generous portions, but the subtle flavours I was expecting were overwhelmed by chilli (for me). 
We are here as a group of 5, it was very average really. A wide range of food if you need something for everyone but none of it was particularly great (none of it was bad either). I got a fish bone stuck in my throat and when we told the waitress she muttered "oh dear. Sorry" and just took the rest of the plates, no checking I was ok. Service was fast but they got a few orders wrong and but generally seemed a bit unsure of themselves. It was all fine but nothing to go back to for me. 
great staff, drinks menu, décor & atmosphere for a Sat evening with friends when booking a table to eat in advance. Sadly can not recommend eating there if vegetarian. Have emailed feedback via the venue's site to the proprietor (I think, as only name mentioned on website). starter root chips were very over done and so only ate a few spoons of guacamole to start. Head of cauliflower covered in dry overpowering spices as main, so only managed to eat the first piece of it. Had to cook when got home as hadn't eaten. Loved the place but not the food. Real shame. 
Great offers for this place. It's ok. Nothing special. Looks nice but a bit small.  
Nice restaurant nice staff nice food (although a very small menu) extortionate prices we shared a starter main each and a bottle of house white and was over £80.  
The was not diversity of music, I went with a group of friends to celebrate my friend's birthday and we quite bored with the same type of music through out the evening my friend requested Rihanna'songs "any would have done it" but they could not play any very disappointing....! 
I'd heard mixed reviews about Arens Bar between friends, so I went on a night out with an open mind. 
Booked a table for five for a birthday dinner. In summary we were a bit disappointed. The refurbished bar isn’t a nice as it looked before, then when it came to ordering the meal we were first told the scallops had run out (okay not a problem), then we were advised not to order from the taster menu as the kitchen was busy, then after ordering the steak we were told the kitchen had run out of chips. It took some persuasion but I managed to get mash instead as it was on the menu. In summary the food was okay, but I feel the restaurant is trying to be something it doesn’t quite achieve (which is a shame). 
Recommended to try this restaurant by my partner who has been on numerous occasions previously...the atmosphere and staff were both nice enough, but the food was well below my expectations. 
My wife and I took 3 children out for a treat at the end of half term, my wife's and my meal was ok but it is as though they regard children as second citizens, their food was horrible and dry, and the service was so long winded and the children got bored and irritable as there was not the colouring book and pencil they use to have. Overall we will think twice about returning  
We visited on Thursday night and the restaurant was quiet so we had the pick of tables. There were 4 of us in our party, all adults, so the lady suggested a table away from children so that it was a little quieter for us.  
Reviewed this place in November and couldn't speak higher for the place. Defo come back I said and I did...not sure I will now. It was very different this time. We ordered the same same breakfast and despite not many people being there it took an eternity to arrive, and when it did everything was over cooked. It's a shame because was looking forward to coming back after visiting Breakspear. On the plus side the lady serving us was very pleasant. Date of visit 28/2 
The place is very smart, ideal for business, friends or a romantic dining. Five stars for this. Also five stars for the service. Very helpful and always smiling waitress. Food was a big let down, maybe just for me. I ordered a crab risotto, with a £7 surcharge. I could not taste the crab at all and herbs used (probably some fennel) killed the taste. It was overcooked and presented in a bowl. Risotto should never be presented in a bowl. My friend had duck, and was pleased with it. Second dish was fresh cod. The fish was fine but, again, herbs used, killed the taste. I think they are trying too hard to be "nature conscious" . I had a cider, two glasses of wine and the bill came to almost £220 for four of us. Certainly not good value for money. Bottled water came with a top cork, suggesting to me that it was tap water or Brita. 
A bit of a Retro interior but a nice atmosphere and good homecooked food 
I am local and over the years have eaten here many many times. It has a good menu. At busy times service is a bit slow. 
Had a very nice Sunday lunch, food was great and staff we attentive  
Good average carvery with free salad bar. Can be noisy, but not surprising as the Harvester specialises in family meals. 
I went to Red Peppers tonight for the first time in 6 or 7 years. The decor was very welcoming and cosy and the food was as consistent as ever. The service was terribly rushed. We had barely sat down and a very stressed server asked what we would like to drink before I had even had a chance to put my reading glasses on to read the wine list. Within 5 minutes of ordering the wine he was back again asking what we wanted to eat. We had to ask him and another server to give us 10 minutes or so to enjoy a drink and peruse the menu. When we did eventually order, the food was smacked down in front of us with no finesse. I nearly always tip when I eat in a restaurant but tonight I felt that it just wasn`t deserved and I had no qualms about not tipping. In a nutshell - Red Peppers is a lovely little place but it is let down very badly on it`s service. Maybe the Manager should take note (if they can be bothered) 
The restaurant has a very nice terrace and outdoor tables and we enjoyed the scenery very much. The food was above expectations and therefore we had a enjoyable evening. But the staff needs so much training in terms of what service and dialogue with customers is all about, almost a joke! 
Lovely new restaurant in Sanderstead, always busy. We checked the menu online and decided to try it as it offers lots of vegan options.  
Pleasant food and good value for this part of London. Sadly our evening out was marred by the abrupt rudeness of our server, Franko. A course of lessons in Waiters' Charm School might be in order if Red Peppers wants to raise its game to a reasonable standard. 
Live locally and tried restaurant 3 times. Shame only bulger rice and salad with virtually any food choice unless you order the Coban salad better option which is extra. 
I have not been here for years it has been refurbished looks nice food has improved but service is bad not the staff fault as they look overworked and under staffed 
Three cousins & their partners plus one adult child met up in this somewhat uninspiring restaurant in Beckenham for Sunday Lunch. 
Really wanted to like our delivery as Pure is around the corner. While my chicken biryani was pretty good, my wife’s butter chicken was disappointing as the sauce was too heavy on the tomato and not enough spice/flavour, which made it more like an Italian dish than Indian.  
Visited with hubby and 2 daughters and although busy and the service efficient it just wasn't up to the usual standard we have been used to over the years. One thing we always find strange is that there is no steak on the menu and the last twice we have visited not on the specials either. Can't quite put my finger on what was wrong, starters great but mains were just ok, we normally can't fault it so wondering now if the fact that some staff leaving and opening a rival restaurant across the road is the problem and we should take our business there? We have been eating at the Spaghetti Tree on and off for 24 years and this is the first time we weren't totally happy. 
Visited during the the Government EOTHO scheme. Late afternoon.  
I was delighted to see a Sicilian restaurant in Twickenham; less delighted by the food, which I think was mainly my fault for ordering badly. Everyone who had pizzas was bowled over, and I felt jealous at my quite ordinary linguine con vongole. I will go back, and stuff my face with pizza. 
You know what to expect from a Harvie and this won't disappoint. unless you want a takeaway when the well meaning staff won't always know how to use the till for these orders and often there are no take away containers. Sure it gets busy but that's a good sign.  
Strong smell of paint ruined my meal. Service was not as good as normal. Chicken arrived on a sizzler plate and with burnt onions. This is normally a very nice place to eat but on this occasion I felt it let me down  
We had booked a table for the 18th December 5 week prior to this date as we knew this would be a popular Christmas date. Upon arrival we gave our name but no booking could be found (which was really frustrating). We were told that some other people were waiting for a table, so we had to wait to. No apology was offered, and we felt that we were a big inconvenience. We decided to wait as we didn't think that we would get in anywhere else, we waiting around 20 minutes which wasn't a big deal but still no apology or a offer of a free drink whilst waiting. 
Had a terrible experience last weekend here and we're offered a free meal to compensate....we hesitantly came back and we're treated like stars by our waitress Chloe who gave us a lovely experience and made sure our food was fresh.  
We chose Otto for a retirement lunch. The board outside said £9.95 for a two course lunch. There were 9 of us. The menu inside said £9.95 was for a maximum of 8 people. We said only 7 of us wanted the deal. The other two were ordering from the main menu. The staff said they could not do the deal as there were more than 8 at the table even though only 7 wanted the deal. We asked if we could split the table into a 4 and a 5 but they refused to accommodate our request. Very, very inflexible. At 1pm there were only four other people in the restaurant.  
Visited with friends who are regulars. Staff very friendly and attentive. Restaurant became very busy and we were asked to move our table and chairs to accomodate other diners, which was fine with us. The menu was varied and I had a chefs special, which I was advised was medium only to find I was unable to eat the sauce due to the fact that it was far too hot, which spoilt my meal. The breads were cooked to perfection though and the atmosphere in the restaurant was very good. We waited quite a while for our main meals and was advised that our second round of drinks would be free of charge as a result which was very kind and showed good customer service. Would say this is an average indian restaurant for me and not really to my taste. That said it appears to be very popular so maybe I'll try a dish I know next time to see if it's to my taste. 
The food is good but the service was not the best. Tried to catch the attention of the waitress to order a dessert as she moved around the restaurant. We may as well have not been there. I reckon 20 minutes. In the end we called the bill. Well we had to shout at her to get the bill. Two bottles of wine £28 each not a fortune but still ! An ice bucket was bought for the wine. The wine was dumped on the table and off she went. Not sure on the reservation system. We booked but were told we had to leave at 8.15, no one came. The tables outside were apparently booked even though we were then informed they were first come first served. A couple and their child turned up at 7.10pm and were offered the outside table that we were told was reserved at 7.30 we got there at 6.40 but could not have the table outside. Anyway tap water all round!!! I’m sure there’s a method behind their reasoning! Won’t be going back sadly due to the service. It’s on the expensive side ( aubergine rolls in tomato sauce and mozzarella £8.50 for a starter) The service should be more attentive. Really put us off. Didn’t tip. Most unlike us. 
Food is average. They just add the same spicy tomato sauce to many of their dishes. Service was terrible as we had to wait over two hours for dinner (party of 9). Waiter didn’t offer us a second round of drinks, so we had to ask. I don’t think they even offered the kids dessert. Food was quite expensive for what it was and they still demanded a £40 service charge. On the plus side, everything was COVID-compliant. 
We returned to Curry Mahal after a year or so since our last visit. We had always rated the food, service and ambiance and trusted it would remain. However, we were disappointed on this visit.  
Food was nice but the service was really poor. Asked for a beer 4 times, and it never came. I had £50 of drinks added that I didn't order. It was our 20th wedding anniversary and not even a mention despite it being on the reservation. Won't be rushing back and I prefer the Moghul in Sidcup amd its far cheaper. 
Quality of food has definitely gone down post covid closures.. be it appetisers or mains.. naans in Bread basket were dripping with butter... even though vat has decreased, prices of dishes on menu has increased.. service was excellent as usual... 
Not the best Euro/italian food we've eaten... the pizza was too doughy, baby back ribs were too sweet to our liking.Would recommend the garlic mushrooms and the sea bass fillet.. 
So after a long discussion to choose between this and another turkish, me and some friends decided to try here. 
Went here recently as a group of 12 not impressed with the food portions which are so small we arrived at 8am and had to wait 2 hours before our main course was served it was nearly midnight before we had to ask for the dessert menu really poor customer service hardly saw the waiter all night if you want loyal customers to return wake up and smell the coffee 
Having eaten at Otto many times & having enjoyed the food, I was disappointed today by my favourite fish ( salmon salad) - it was a generous portion, as ever, but the salmon lacked enough marinade & a slice of lemon & the accompanying salad needed more varied ingredients & dressing. The chips were slightly underdone . The restaurant however is nicely decorated , the service attentive & the toilets immaculate !  
We came on a few occasions and it’s adequate. 
Service was good and friendly. Food was very tasty and offered a good selection. Seemed a popular 'local' eatery. Could have done without background music although it was not overly intrusive. 
I was a bit disappointed as I usually visit Red Peppers but on this occasion it was a total disaster! Waitress took our order but did not write it down I was not surprise when our starters came out wrong, as one had to be sent back by time I finished my friends starter turned up. Our main followed when I was given my friends well done steak and she was given my medium. The restaurant was not busy at this time Saturday afternoon 5.30pm, very disappointed as it was a treat for a friend felt let down by the restaurant! 
It’s ok not excellent. Wines were fantastic but the food is catered to British taste. You won’t find typical Indian taste. 
While this meal was pleasant , it was nothing special. 
Have reviewed here before thought we would try midweek again as weekends are busy. food ok service ok but for me its still too crammed in. Then on checking Scores on the Doors a lowly 2, will wait a few years again. 
Here’s the problem with the Meze: the food’s not much good. 
The foods nice the staff are friendly but 1 does not speak English and says yes a lot but does not know what yr asking. I normally have to visit the toilet after my starter here so I’m afraid my ibs does not like it here but I do enjoy the atmosphere and food  
Food good but service extremely slow. Waited 20 minutes after ordering for beer to be served....appetizers came out 40 minutes after ordering, our main dishes a good while later. Entire dinner took 2 hours. There were 3 of us , the restaurant wasn't crowded, we didn't order a lot and nothing was complicated. The kitchen seems to be on another level with everything, including dishes and utensils, coming up via a dumbwaiter, apparently giving the wait staff little control. 
You can get better elsewhere for similar price - salad cart is places saviour - service ok but staff seem to go missing at times 
OK food, plenty of choice, staff do their best in difficult circumstances - just don't go there on a Saturday or Sunday unless you have children with you. 
not bad for dinner and it is reasonable price. I would come here again coz it is cheap. food was average family restaurant. 
I went with a friend on a Wednesday evening. The restaurant is very nice, good atmosphere and waiters very attentive. I had paneer for starters and veggie rogon with fried rice for main and cauliflower bhaji for a side. Starter was good as were the poppadoms. Rice was quite good, Sadly the main and side I had were mushy and other than the cherry tomatoes in my main just did not seem fresh. It was a shame really as every other aspect of the meal was very good. 
Seated straight away good start then the service went downhill very quickly, took about 20 minutes for anyone to come and take our order and then another 30 minutes to bring out four simple meals. The food was good just need to work on the service. 
I got a takeaway from here the other day, the pizza was good, the pasta did not survive the travel well but had been made well. They do 2 for 1 days for pizza and pasta. The menu looks good, and i would like to go and eat in and sample more of the dishes. 
We used to live in Teddington and visited Red Peppers several times and have always been impressed with the food and service. We decided to go for Dinner on Sunday evening and was disappointed with the waiter service who kept asking us do you want drinks (we thought in a rude manner). I ordered the chicken thai curry which had minimal chicken and lots of rice. My husband had the special - lamb shank which he enjoyed. 
Food quality and portion size was very good. We booked for 6.30 then called to change to 6. This was not a problem. Really nice evening atmosphere, lively but not too noisy, good music too!  
Ate here on a busy Saturday evening to celebrate my mum's birthday. Started with some salt and pepper squid, mushroom and prawns before moving on to the mixed seafood hors d'oeuvres. Highlight by far was the prawn toasts that were twice as think as I've eaten elsewhere and loaded with prawn. We then moved on the the crispy shredded duck which good but pretty standard. Then finished with prawn in cashew and yellow bean, crispy shredded beef, sweet and sour pork, special friend rice, and Singapore noodle. All of which was OK but a maybe little lacking in depth of flavour. The restaurant was heaving so obviously doing something right. 
Just had lunch , first time in this restaurant. We sat near the window and it was so cold i had to keep my jacket on. 
Not told this when booked on open table - woefull shortened menu - no fish starters mains except fried miso: also prices were hiked up for same items on both menus 
Being several times before .The service of one waiter who was arrogant behaviour spoil the birthday dinner. Being human we still left the tip on the table . 
Ate here last weekend - had a starter of italian cheese and meats which was good for sharing. We had a selection of main courses - pizza, pasta, fish grill. Pasta was disappointing, pizza looked good and the fish grill felt as though the plancha needed a good clean as the flavours seemed to have crossed over. Nothing wrong with the service and reasonably priced at £100 for 5 (main courses and a round of drinks) just nothing special. 
To start the food and beverages are first class , and we were promptly served . 
We’ve come here quite a few times over the years, mainly at Xmas, and always liked it. However this latest visit left me feeling less than impressed. The £25 per person menu on a Friday and Saturday night is overpriced and churned out, with 2 of our meals inedible due to being totally overcooked. Both of us declined to have anything else from the limited menu so the manager knocked £10 off the price, which was good I suppose. But effectively We both paid £15 for a small portion of shared meze. This is a really churned out menu that they know people will pay and unfortunately it’s left me unwilling to come back. At £90 per couple this was a really overpriced evening and our friends that we’d hoped would have a good time were less than impressed. I know you supposedly pay for the music and belly dancer too but it was quieter the evening we went and the atmosphere was just ok. Can’t fault the service though. Will just not be open to coming back here so fast again.  
Came with family, food was lovely, staff were friendly! Would come again. Suitable for couples or families :) 
We visited here on 19 may for my nieces birthday. We had an excellent waitress Tara and the food was good. What let's this restaurant down is cleanliness. The floor under our table was covered in chips and other food. Lots of tables waiting to be cleaned. It just gives such a bad impression to a nice place.  
Second time here at the teddington branch 1st was good this time was terrible.  
Having struggled to find a Chinese restaurant I like in the surrounding area I was looking forward to going to Xian after not having been for about 15 years. The reviews are good and plenty of people I know like it. 
Food was good... Service was slow snail slow had to ask after half hour for our drink order to be taken.. Food arrived ( steaks ) no steak knives had to search the restaurant myself to find some. Never got offered another drink so paid and left... This place could do with more staff and more staff training  
There was 9 of us this evening having a meal at The George, we arrived & was told 30 minutes wait so we decided to have a drink. An hour passed & we ask again & was taken to our table. We waited a further 20 minutes to order our food & drinks. The salad was pretty much empty & there was no bowls for the salad. The meal itself was lovely, we had a range of chicken, ribs, burgers & steaks. Everyone enjoyed the food. We waited 20 minutes more for the bill. They were very short staff so I can only assume that's why it was poor service. The restaurant itself was quire dirty, ie food on the floor, tables not cleared etc. The drinks machine had broken down so they turned it off & the children had to go to the bar for the refill drinks. Overall (apart from the food which was good) my opinion of tonight's event was not very impressed. 
Went for lunch one Friday- the restaurant wasn't busy but yet the service was terrible. Waited over 15 minutes for drinks order to be taken. Had to ask for cutlery which took ages. Food was okay and came in good time. Asked for the bill about four times and was told only my waitress could get the bill but they couldn't find her. Ridiculous system to be honest when two other waitresses were standing around but wasn't able to get my bill. Finally got the bill 15 minutes after asking for it. Can't imagine how shocking the service would have been if it was a busy day.  
Efficient service and a wide choice on the menu all reasonably priced. It was my first time at one of their restaurants and i thought it was ok. Not somewhere to go for a special occasion but simply somewhere to eat. 
Nice food plenty of choice. Very nice decor and friendly staff. 
Me and my girlfriend had been meaning to go here for a while and we finally went tonight. We were a little disappointed initially as there was only a “party menu” on offer, meaning you had to pay £25 and had a limited choice. Maybe this was our own fault for not looking into this, but it was a bit disappointing and not what we were expecting.  
So we know it's a busy time of year however Xian's service ranged from abrupt to friendly dependent on which member of staff served you. Keep your wine with you as plenty went dry for some time as they kept the wine in the central area and due to being busy we could not get the staff's attention so ended up pouring our own! Food is ok but it really is nothing special. We had a selection of sweet and sour dishes and beef, portion sizes are ok but forget any presentation here. To be frank this could be any Chinese restaurant so do not go out of your way to book here. When we asked if we could get some sweet chilli sauce to accompany our prawn crackers we were looked at like we had two heads. The wine list is not bad but overall for Michelin this really is mediocre. 
Four of us went for dinner last night (Saturday). Everything we ate was good quality and well cooked. But the atmosphere was a bit like a canteen and the dishes were what I’d expect from a good beachside restaurant in Italy. The menu was definitely a little uninspiring.  
Went on Friday night at 5pm. We were told there would be a 20-30 minute wait, but the restaurant was only 1/3 full as it's quite open plan. We waited 30 minutes and in that time, six sets of dinners came and left stating that they didn't want to wait. It that many leave in 30 minutes, imagine how many leave in over the evening, so much lost revenue. The staff were very friendly, ordered our meal and where then told 5 minutes later that they had run out of the pulled pork burger and had to order something else. Food was reasonable. When it came to paying the bill, the card machine would not work. We waited about 10 minutes and where then told that the all the harvester branches machines were broken.. The only option was to pay cash, so we had to walk to a cash point machine round the corner to facilitate this. We got some money off the bill. Wouldn't hurry back. 
Party Menu said three courses which was cold Meze, hot Meze and main ,and main lots of additional charges on menu , meze was tea spoon ofeach of usual Fayre , hot meze was literally one mushroom each one squid ring each worst falafel I’ve eaten deep fried to death and dry,meze dining is supposed to be sociable things here would be better if I could lip read music was blaring at concert volume , and everyone has to shout across the tables to hear I was was furthest from the speakers main was ok as expected over cooked wish I’d picked a different day bet would of been much better experience .ive eaten in many middle eastern style restaurants and this is run of the mill food and must say singers cover of snow patrol and kings of Leon were worst I’ve ever heard. 
I've been here a few times and recently left a glowing review for Red Peppers but was disappointed on my last visit. We were in a group, some dishes had to be sent back as they were only lukewarm, some mains were very good but others were bland. I had the chicken curry which was pretty tasteless, and so hot that it was borderline inedible! The staff were fine and helpful but I can't help wondering what's happened to the food; is there perhaps a new chef? Or maybe the kitchen was just having an off night! I was so disappointed as my last meal here was perfect; I'm hopeful that this was a one-off but I will be watching other reviews to see if anyone else thinks it's changed! 
6 of us booked for an early lunch before going into the rugby at Twickenham. 
Went here on a Travelzoo deal.Restaurant table layout appeared a bit tight in terms of seating.Food was decent but could be better.Service was polite and appeared rushed as there was only one person running the show.Can't complain for the price but won't be returning as it did not appeal. 
A lovely family owned restaurant. There was a great sense of welcome, however the menu choice was quite sparse. The food tasted fresh but nothing exciting. I was happy to have borëk although it was rather salty.  
I was there in a quickly visit with my boyfriend I wasn't well well but I was hungry my boyfriend didn't eat becase he wasn't hungry.I had some mezze cold and hot mixed...they were good nothing great in particular but ok service also ok maybe not worth 3 stars but last time I had mixed fish which was very good!! 
Busy night, service was getting busier and not so much attention to customers. People waiting even outside the door, good smell and food ok. The manager, but not the owner, was quite rude. 
Given all the reviews about this restaurant I am surprised that people don't seem to have mentioned what the place is actually like. It comprises a largish room with a bare floor and bare tables, and frankly not much character. On our evening visit (8 - 10pm) there were quite a lot of children present making a general din. Overall it was a bit like eating in the office canteen. As to the food, we had three courses and (apart from one raw lamb chop) the quality was good. The house wine was a bit rough, and at effectively £20 a bottle (if you're a 10% tipper), not particularly cheap. (Why is it that we can all buy a perfectly drinkable bottle of wine at a shop for £5 or £6, but restaurants with their bulk-buying can't ?). We had a pre-bought 'deal', otherwise the bill would have worked out at about £40 a head, more than I would have wanted to pay here. In conclusion - if you have a couple of courses and stick to water, you can have a reasonable meal here without breaking the bank. 
We visited Ballaro, for a late lunch during the week end as highly recommended by a couple of friends. 
Heard nothing but good things about this restaurant but we personally thought it was slightly over rated and no more than an average meal. 
Had a refurbish since I last came here a few years ago. 
Arrived early afternoon and the restaurant was quiet, however waited some time for a member of staff to appear so we could ask for a table. When our food arrived it was lukewarm, but the waitress never came back to see if everything was OK. I paid for the bill and as we were leaving, there was at least five members of staff just talking in the corner, didn't even say bye when we were walking out. Wouldn't bother going back! 
Good all round food but nothing special, the menu has not changed in years & the chocolate milkshakes are pretty tasteless & seriously overpriced!! Food could be made so much better with seasoning & flavours. A good place to take someone from out of the area as there is nothing offensive but as a regular from the area it is missing that extra something it should have from being there so long.  
This is only our second visit the first was over 12 years ago and then we enjoyed the food but the service was rushed and was so noisy. Roll on 12 years (may be more) and we decided to try again on a Thursday night had we booked no the restaurant was quiet we managed to get in but we had to vacate by half eight, no problem then it started to get busy by 8pm most tables were ocupied. 
Been here many times, used to love the pizza and would tell all our friends and family about this place but not anymore. All the pizzas that we ordered were soggy and tasteless. There was a puddle of water in the middle of my plate and the bottom other pizza was burnt. Ordered an additional drink during my meal but it never arrived. Did not feel that there was value for money. I could have had a better meal at pizza Express. At least they have consistency. Please guys, sort it out.  
Everything about this restaurant is average. I've had a lot better for the same cost.  
We was welcomed with a nice pleasant young girl who said we would have to wait for a table for three, we went to the bar which was busy and there was one serving and the other person was taking a stock check and ignoring everyone around the bar. We got a table which had food on the floor all around it but that not an issue we had to wait 10-15 minutes for anyone to come over. the food all in all was good but the steak was really fatty and chewey. i think 3/5 is fair. 
Friday lunch although we waited sometime at door whilst most staff grouped around grill chating a polite young man eventually greeted us,service OK food good served hot salad bar looked fresh it was still only 1230ish ,good value for money,but please do not ignore guests at door,yes would re visit 
After reading the reviews, I was really looking forward to the meal. Went on a Sunday evening so it was fairly quiet. My starter (HALLOUMI) was very bland and the presentation very poor. I then ordered CHICKEN SHISH. When it came up it looked like reformed pieces of chicken as they were all exactly the same size and shape - it had no taste whatsoever and was quite watery. Not impressed with this restaurant at all the staff looked like they couldn't be bothered to serve you!. Will not be returning - waste of money......... 
This is a good Italian/American cantina style place. The food is good as is the service. The downside from my point of view is that the atmosphere is like that of a kindergarten. The place is always crawling with children so come here if you have plenty of kids, don't bother if you want a nice evening with wine.  
I celebrated a milestone Birthday here over the weekend. 
i went out of my way (18 miles) to visit this place as i had seen a review from years back in the JAMIE magazine more about the owner/chef. the place is very busy and lively. the food is very different and some of it was really clever but some came out a little lacklustre. it's not a bad place but soooo expensive for what it is that its not somewhere you can just try on the offchance. you've got to budget some money for this. they are a little bit portion control. dont expect to take anyone who likes a basic high street madras, this isnt it. but i'm glad I went, couldnt try another time because of the cost. and lastly, their cocktails are absolutely delicious.  
Having gone to this restaurant a few years ago and feeling let down, we decided it was time to give it another try for the Father’s Day set menu. However, it hasn’t improved. 
just another Italian restaurant with no real difference to others. Better than some but we will not be returning. The music is intrusive and we were fobbed off when we asked if it could be changed. 
Food was okay, but for me still prefer a standard indian restaurant like little india or The rajdoot for indian food in petts wood. Service was no better than the other indian resturants but price was double. 
Not my first time at Indian Essence and probably won’t be my last. The service was prompt but a bit stiff - a smile goes a long way. The food was good and tasty. It is not your standard Indian restaurant - there are plenty of those in the neighbourhood - but a classy version. This does mean you will pay more. I found the food to be tasty, well cooked and well presented. Enjoy.  
So! After our first visit as a couple which surpassed all expectations we arranged for a family birthday meal a few months later to celebrate my girlfriends 60th. 
A few interesting dishes on the menu - I tried swordfish rolls - ok although it was not served exactly as described on the menu. One of our party had a pizza, which whilst being tasty was almost impossible to cut with the cutlery provided. Desserts all sounded lovely, but sadly did not quite deliver. Restaurant was practically empty, so no atmosphere at all, which was a shame. 
Two of us had lunch here. The starters were both a bit doughy, the only downside for the green onion cake and apart from the extra dough no other flavouring seemed to have been added to the crab claws. The main meals were a lot better, being similar to the expected chinese fare found elsewhere. 
I visited this restaurant with a large group of people. The starters were tasty but, once they had been served, the service got slower and slower. For my main course I had a steak, which was a bit on the tough side. 
We had exactly one hour to spare for a business lunch. The restaurant was pretty well empty no more than 6 diners including ourselves.  
This is our local Harvester & normally we go at quiet times & the service and food is good. 
We visited in early afternoon and used their takeaway service. The prices seemed very reasonable considering it is in the centre of Windsor.  
Usually had good meals and service here but both were disappointing during a belated birthday meal. 
We have stopped going here because the small menu never changes and the last couple of meals have been poor. The service is not up to much either. Often slow inattentive and grumpy. It is expensive too. Such a shame because we used to really enjoy meals here. We don't get a take away either as that is disappointing and often supplied wrong. However, it is probably still as busy as ever, so the owner probably feels all is fine. Complacent?  
Not sure what to make of the reviews here - guess it depends to who serves you and what you have  
New Sicilian restaurant, hope it lasts a little longer than the other Sicilian restaurant over the road which lasted only a matter of months. 
A £20 meal would cost £50 and you would still get less than in another Chinese.  
We had pretty high expectations after what we'd read about Xian. They don't deliver unfortunately or give any discount for picking up, but we were impressed the wait was 10mins & it was ready when we arrived. The staff were very friendly and polite.  
Decided to visit following the range of great reviews on here. As I walked in, decided I wouldn’t be having the sausages as they didn’t look great quality, nor would I have poached eggs as they are poached in moulds rather than directly into boiling water. Went for a cheese & mushroom omelette which was fine. Hot drinks expensive for the portion size - I ordered a second tea to enjoy with my omelette as the first was drank while I waited for the food. At £2 each, thought it was quite pricey. Cafe is very clean & waiting staff are very polite. It was fine but I doubt it’s the best breakfast in Windsor 
My husband took me for Valentines day as we had always wanted to go. 
I'm loyal to The Bingham but our recent dinner left me wondering what's gone wrong. It was the opening night after a refurb and the kitchen struggled to maintain, the usual flawless service. Two main courses came to our table in error while other diners asked where their food was. The Bingham wants a "modern members club feel" but a lot of the character has been stripped out. The old Bingham (a classic building) felt more like a club. The dining area now feels more like Pizza Express and the Drawing Room is cramped full of things that just don't go together, like plastic wicker stools and faux-aged Penguin books. On the feedback card, I just wrote 'Change it back'! 
First time visit go the Bingham have wanted to dine here for sometime. My husband and I were celebrating a belated New Year’s Eve. When I booked I was told it was a tasting menu which was fine. On arrival we were shown to a cosy sofa and roaring fire and started our evening with gorgeous cocktails. For me was love at first site, my first impression was just as I had imagined this beautiful exterior to offer inside it’s doors. We were shown our table and service was a bit clumsy initially but soon smoothed over with a wonderful sommelier who tended to us. There was confusion about the tasting menu and just the regular menu meals were offered... the restaurant was busy but you could hardly notice the fellow diners due to the ambience in the room which was just lovely. They told us if the forthcoming refurbishment which on returning sadly has changed the ‘feeling’ for me completley. We dined again on Valentines eve, the delightful cosy drawing room bar area was filled with dining tables and the room we dined in painted a dark colour not one I feel reflects the restaurant style at all. Such a huge shame. It’s lost everything for me sadly. The room is dark and feels soulless, I can say that I am. It in any hurry to return again. On valentines the food was a set menu which wasn’t hugely impressive but was pleasant.  
Having had some splendid meals at The Cinnamon Club in Westminster, I was desperate to find an Indian restaurant of a similar high quality closer to home...but, sadly, Indian Essence fell short.  
I simply cannot believe that I am not giving this place 5 stars. The food was out of this world. Easily the best Indian food I have ever eaten. 
Good atmosphere- hot and cold starters were very nice but the main menu foods were very dry and quite plain in taste  
Booked for 8 for afternoon tea as a treat including family friends visiting as guests. I'm afraid we will never return. Half the party arrived 2 minutes late for the booking and the other half were still parking (it is difficult to park nearby) and we were asked in a rather sharp tone "where is the rest of the party?". We were all seated within 10 minutes of the booked time. I completely understand that establishments may need the table back at a particular time but you should make that clear when the booking is made rather than making our guests feel unwelcome because they were a few minutes late. That is no way to treat people spending £300+ on a Champagne tea. That said the tea was excellent. The sandwiches were a little dry but the fillings were nice. The scones and cakes were very good. The waiter and chef were kind enough to arrange an alternative sandwich filling for a child in the party. 
Clean, spacious, bright with easy access. Good breakfast and lunch time menu with hot and cold drinks. Reasonable prices with good service. Would recommend for a lowish cost meal. Parking outside on a meter or in close by car parks. Right at the bottom of the main high street away from the busy area. Would recommend. Please like if this helped. 
We went as a party of over 20 people and was spread between two tables the food and service was quite poor and the manager was very rude when 3 of our party had to back out of the evening at short notice he said that we had lost him money as he had empty seats when this had ruined the evening for some and they wanted to pay there share of the bill by card payment he refused them and told them they would have to go to a cash point and get cash at the end of the evening we had to remind them that they had not deducted the £240 deposit that we had to pay up front .this simply was not good enough 
I went to Xian for the first time as I was craving for some Chinese food, despite recent negative reviews about the place, with the latest 5 star review appeared to be slightly bias with only 1 review ever written. -_-  
We ate here on the Saturday, lovely clean place. I ordered poached eggs and smoked salmon, disappointed wasn’t offered a choice of toast and it was served on white bread. It was incredibly hard to cut and tasted stale to be honest, and that was the opinion of all of our party. I’d have preferred whole meal or sour dough. 
We were recommended Monty's for breakfast so we sought it out. The full english was Ok - not special. There was 1 slice of white (stale) toast, beans that weren't Heinz!, and a sausage that wasn't particularly nice. Then 1 slice of bacon which was so hard it was hard to cut. The eggs were fine! The bacon baguette was bizarre. Not sure if it had been cooked or not or maybe put in the microwave, but it was doughy and floppy and not very nice to eat. Real shame as we were expecting more and it's not cheap. We would not go back. 
Romantic dinner on the terrace. Friendly staff, good service. Dishes were well made, while not overly creative. Good value for money, and authentic. Clearly recommended for a couple. 
A fun night with good music and a good value fixed price menu. Although fixed, the choice of main courses is wide so most people would find something they like. You certainly won't go home hungry! Good choice of cocktails available and some good value wines. Food is fairly basic but tasty (lamb steak especially). Just don't expect to be able to chat with your dining partner even if set away from the music: it's pretty loud.  
The food was good... But I won't be retiring ...the tables are so crammed in you can't go to the loos without bumping into other tables and it's so noisy with no privacy... We ordered starters and 6 main courses for four people and it felt very rushed .... We were out in an hour and we'd gone out for a birthday meal and felt slightly cheated... We won't be back I'm afraid you'd be better with four less tables and it'd be good to enjoy the meal slowly rather than being rushed in and out. If I'd wanted fast food I'd have gone opposite to macdonalds and saved £100!  
We went out on a birthday celebration to the Indian Essence last Saturday. Every course was expensive compared to similar type restaurants. The mark up on the wine was the highest II have ever seen, starting around £25 a bottle! The food was well presented but with small portions and my curry and my daughters too, lacked any taste of what you would expect in an Indian curry! Ambience and service okay but certainly not up to the prices charged. 
I was under the impression that I was going to an Indian restaurant that was different from the usual Indian restaurants. However I was disappointed, although there were some unusual dishes on the menu, it was not fine dining. My wife had chicken done three ways as a starter, they came up as three large pieces of chicken breast nothing special at all. My lamb dish was large nothing special about it to charge about £5 more than any other Indian restaurant. The decor is similar to other modern Indian restaurants. I was under the impression that it was going to be the Indian equivalent to Chapter One, but alas no. 
We had a family group of 7, good choice & nicely presented. Busy restaurant but decor a little uninspiring. Definitely worth trying but be prepared to pay, in my opinion, over the odds for the experience. I felt this place is tranding on past reputation and needs to offer more at their prices. We probably won’t use here again until we hear they have had s refurb and also her god reports 
Lovely environment on a quiet street in Windsor. Looked like a perfect place for breakfast. Attentive service. Good coffee. Just let down by the very average breakfast.  
I visited Hisar for the second time with a group of friends. We were given the set party menu which included meze starters, a choice of main and a choice of desert. We were not offered desert and it was not until much later in the evening when we realised we had not been asked for our orders that we approached a waitress to ask if we can have the deserts.  
The restaurant is trying hard and is a decent addition to the area. Five of us ate there and overall it was a good meal, but a couple of things let is down. 
My daughter and myself ate here and after hearing it is the best Chinese restaurant to eat in in Orpington I must say I was very disappointed. The tables are so close together and the restaurant very small it was not a pleasant dining experience. The diet coke my daughter ordered was flat, the food was okay but nothing outstanding. I will not be returning as it is much too expensive and the dining experience is not great. 
We live close by and often drive past Cinnamon Culture, noticing the Michelin star sign. We booked a table for a Tuesday night in August, during the eat out to help out government scheme.  
My friends and I ate here recently following a recommendation. I ordered the moussaka and for a while thought I had been given the vegetarian option. When I eventually found a piece of minced meat, I relished it gratefully.... Waiters were courteous but kept leaning over the plates of food to remove glasses instead of walking round the table. Settled the bill then went to Long Horn for cocktails. 
Overpriced 17£ for a coffee and pancake!  
This place is very busy and has a loyal following. Restaurant long established over 2 generations. However the reality is it is average Chinese food at an expensive price. Restaurant needs a refurb and needs to deliver more on food and service. Tables are too near each other and service is not great because they are understaffed and some of the staff can not communicate well.They need a head waiter to patrol the restaurant as the Owners are too busy conversing with all the long term customers. In short the Chinese competion is poor locally. Parkside inn at t he other end of the High St actually serves better food at 20 percent cheaper! 
Haven't been here for some considerable time but thought I'd revisit with some friends. Waiting staff constantly hovered to take our orders so we felt rushed into each decision. Food arrived very quickly which always worries me as I wonder whether it's been zapped in a microwave. Food was not exceptional and quite expensive. I remembered then why I hadn't been for a while and won't be rushing back.  
4 of us had dinner here on a Saturday night, the rabbit for starters was good and the goat for main was good quality meat. Drinks are expensive and the 3 dips you get with your popadoms is not enough for 2 people let alone 4? 
Me and my better half went for a take away for me and her we ordered a few things while we waited we had glass of wine each to our surprise the bill come in a £58 pound we only had a few things we normally order from our other our Prather one very very over priced for what u get we eat out a lot was at stk last week in me hotel up London and was not much dearer to be honest was ok food was very quick and bit cold also will not visit again think it's over priced and need to sort it out I have to say the prawn on toast was very nice tho haha  
I checked out Ottos on Tripadvisor and at first glance it looked good . 
We were looking forward to our visit to Mr Todiwala’s Kitchen as it is previously been a good start to a holiday - being located in the Hilton near Terminal 5. 
Great food - service was a tad surly but the tables were too close together. This is not a place to come for a relaxing meal. They really cannot cram enough people in. But hoards arrive because the food is good. Expensive for Chinese but good. 
I’ve been to Luna Rossa before and enjoyed really lovely pizza. It’s an atmospheric restaurant, with attentive waiters. Sadly the last time I went I ordered a chicken salad that came with limp out of packet lettuce, soggy tomatoes and undercooked chicken!  
Had the Chicken Tikka pie to start which was so very thin. Pleasant enough but no wow factor. Then had a lamb curry for the main. Portion size is deceptive as it didn't look large but we only had one rice between us and we were both full. The lamb was too spicy for my taste so I have to put that down to experience.  
Visited recently on the recommendation of some friends. Didn’t know much prior to visit so experience is based on what we found. Restaurant itself is nicely decorated and we were seated promptly and was well attended to throughout. 
Visited with friends after a recommendation and a famous name behind it. Will not bother again. The food was only average, nothing special in fact I have had many Indian meals a lot better. 
Visited with colleagues whilst staying at the hotel, not as authentic as some local restaurants, even having mentioned I want Desi style..... 
Went for a birthday Dinner and food and service was good but i wouldn't go back as I felt very claustrophobic at our table near the back.maybe because it was Xmas time they squeezed in another table ?? 
OK Benares ( which I have been to on a number of occasions) it is not, however, I considered we were lucky to have a restaurant of this quality in out neck of the woods. We have been here on a number of occasions and every time the food and ambience was first class with attentive staff perfect food with that special touch which makes a fine dining experience special and makes this restaurant stand out from others. That was until last Saturday night. We got there for our 8.30 reservation taking friends to enjoy a special meal as we have spoken so highly of the food and ambience. What we were met with was rather like a throwback to the very worst Indian restaurants of the 80's and 90's - the place was rammed and I mean rammed with people tables placed close together - the noise level was unbelievable with drunken people shouting and I mean shouting over each other to be heard and one person so drunk he was actually asleep at the table - this is the sort of experience you found at Indian restaurants after pubs closed in the 80's and those restaurants were to be avoided. The "little touches" that made the restaurant "excellent"were missing and instead it was a "pack 'em in" mentality" so the experience was therefore not that enjoyable. The food was passable but not up to it's usual high standard. So if you are going forget Friday and Saturday nights and go midweek - for me I really hope that Atul Kochhar reads this or at least sends someone there on a Saturday to report back - he probably won't as this is clearly now a money making rather than a culinary venture. 
Been there with family on recommendation from friend. Knowig that the restraunt is owned by well known cebrity cheff, we had quite a bit of expectations. 
We went as a party of 7 mixed ages on Christmas Day. There was plenty to choose from with traditional turkey appearing to be the best dish. The lamb and steaks were under-whelming althought the veggies were good. Starters were good too; regrettably my dessert (baklava) was not spot on (over used veggie oil for cooking, I think). 
Paid a lot for nothing exceptional, neither the food or the service. Don't get me wrong, it was ok, but I have eaten better, served better, and paid a lot less. 
We went for pre dinner cocktails only to find that they didn't offer two basic cocktails Pina Colada and Tequilla Sunrise. I had a bllody Mary - very nice but my iwfe had to settle for a G&T. Not what she wanted. Nice surroundings but expensive 
To be honest, food was above average for an Indian restaurant. lot of exotic names for dishes, which you would accept for this type of restaurant, however i would save my money if you were expecting something out of this world. this is my opinion. try it for yourself. 
On a busy Saturday night the service and food were good. 
Good atmosphere and quick service, but small pasta portion for the price and no tiramisu, for an Italian restaurant! 
I would give this a good rating not average. 
Yes, 2 out of 4 ordered the express lunch whilst the other 2 ordered from the prix fixe menu and it took 45 minutes for our mains to arrive after 3 set starters.  
Visited for the first time to celebrate Valentine’s day having received positive feedback from friends. 
We were at the restaurant on Thursday evening, which was supposed to be a Wine Tasting evening but this was cancelled. We should have opted for the refund but as it was going to be Easter weekend we thought it would be a nice start to the break. We opted to have the tasting menu with accompanying wines as a nice alternative, but this turned out to be so disappointing. Several courses, but one or two weren't really "courses" as they were just a tiny bit larger than an amuse-bouche and probably should have accompanied the small main course and the pudding. The food tasted OK but was nothing special and certainly not the Show Case that a tasting menu should be. The accompanying wines were very nice. Sadly there were only three tables occupied in the restaurant that evening so there was no atmosphere really and you felt you had to talk in a whisper. Very very expensive for what the evening gave us.  
We have eaten out at the restaurant a few times and love the friendly atmosphere, good service and generally tasty food. However, when we order takeaway we always feel slightly disappointed: the vegetables, sag and baingan bhaja have a baby food texture and it is not obvious that the spinach is fresh as advertised. I would love to be more enthusiastic as it is our local curry house. 
Booked a table for 20:45.... had to wait half an hour for our table. (They should get seats or a sofa by the bar for waiting customers). The food was really good... best we've had in the area. However we didn't have a delegated waiter. The manager and hostess took our orders throughout and delivered our drinks. We didn't feel tended to and kept having to get waiters' attention for ordering food and drinks and bill. At the end, they were more focused on resetting the tables than waiting on us. We shall return in the week for hopefully better service when it's less busy.  
Three of us visited or dinner 
Had dinner here with a group of friends . The restaurant is quite attractive and the set menu seemed good value at £22 I think for two courses . However £12 for a gin and tonic was crazy for Bromley . 
Visited on a week day so it wasn’t very busy. This was our first time here. Easy parking right outside. Liked the decor and we were shown to a table quickly which was next to a party of ten.As we were a couple we asked to be moved to a quieter table as the party were quite noisy and we wanted to talk but the waiter said the other tables for two were reserved. We ordered our drinks which came straight away and not long afterwards the starters of Onion Bhajies arrived. They appeared to be burnt in places and tasted very dry. Not at all tasty. We waited a bit for our main course which was Lamb for my partner and Chicken for myself. They were nicely presented but on tasting them both they were so similar you were unable to really taste the meat as they had no flavour to them and could not differentiate between lamb or chicken. The only taste was hot chilli. We have eaten in many Indian restaurants so have tasted a good many curries but the dishes presented to us seemed to have been cooked with no flavour except chilli. We were unable to eat the food. The best thing we had was the Kulfi ( Indian ice cream) which helped to cool our mouths down. My partner repeatedly asked for water which took about 15 mins to arrive. During our time the table next to us had been continually getting louder that we could barely hear ourselves speak. Also by the time we left the tables that were supposedly reserved were still free. In summing up I think the restaurant should accommodate the wishes of the clients and move them to a quieter table when requested and this establishment need to employ a decent Chef that can cook tasty curries that are not all the same. This is definitely not a restaurant we would visit again and one I would not recommend to friends or family.  
Avoid if you do not eat garlic! I explicitly asked for no garlic but in the end was served a meal which smelled garlic and when I tasted the potatoes they were full of garlic even though the waitress asured me that they should not have garlic :( Wasted my money and had a terrible heartburns after just trying a few bites :( The staff is not well trained and has no idea how the food is prepared or what are the ingredients. I would not visit again. 
Traditional brits dishes with any innovation. Location is nice but this is the best part of the restaurant while one could expect a bit more 
We used to eat at CC a couple of years ago when the food was fab and pleasantly different to any other restaurant of its type. 
4 of us visited The Bingham in August for a meal, the food was ok but nothing particularly special and certainly not worthy of the £300 bill (with almost no drinks). The service was good and the waiting staff were very attentive, portions a bit on the small size as well. 
Had a friend over from Turkey and thought we would give this restaurant a try.  
After hearing a lot about this place finally visited. Food was average. Food menus had food on them inside & outside so cleanliness was not great!  
The place was quite empty on the word day evening. We decided to sit outside - furniture there is a little bit outdated and dusty. Service is good - they were taking orders quickly and gave couple of good advices. 
Had been there before with no problem but this time one of the main courses deep fried chilli beef had no chilli in it! The Singapore noodles likewise 
I have been here a few times. The first time was great, the food was nice and the staff was friendly however the second time I went it wernt so great. I felt very rushed soon as I sat down, I know they want people to order as soon possible but they could of given us time to settle down. The food was alright but family member I was with, ordered a duck breast meal which unfortuately had bones in. The staff did not listen when we insisted that the food she was placing on our plates at the table was for someone else at the table. I'm 50/50 on this as iv had a good visit and a not so good visit. 
Came here during the week with my partner. The place is nice, the staff was friendly but it just was missing something. The food was ok, it just needed something more to bring out more flavours. I felt a little rushed with eating as we hadnt finished our starters and the mains came, and it wasnt as if the restuarant was busy and they needed the table... 
Two of us went here for a Sunday lunch. The service and food were good, but there was not much of it.  
Before I start I have to say being a chef and loving afternoon tea I am critical. Having attended the Richmond ball that the Bingham runs, I decided to take my foreign visitors to the hotel for afternoon tea, mainly because every where else was fully booked.  
On this occasion our visit to Xian was very disappointing as the staff did not seem happy and seemed pushy and in a rush. starters vegetable pancakes very flat not enough stuffing and the butterfly prawns were a bit overcooked. When we eventually started to get our main meals it was given in drib and drabs scallops then little later noodles then little later lemon chicken and then little later duck in plum sauce and each item was cold not even luke warm. Did not say anything as the staff seemed rushed and moody as it was. One customer next to me ordered some wine and the waiter broke the cork in the bottle the customers did not look impressed as the waiter carried on for a good few minutes trying to dig the cork out of the bottle. Also it was very busy the night we went so was quite a lot of families with children so very noisy also the atmosphere of the restaurant for the evening did not feel cosy or romantic as lights remained full on no dimness or candles. I think I will stick with Ming in the future. 
Packed the night we came to celebrate my birthday and consequently lovely atmosphere. Had received very high recommendations so was excited but the meal that night missed the mark a bit and I put it down to poor ordering on my part. Too many dishes are battered and deep fried, and so we were overwhelmed by oil flavours; if we had ordered more of the veg as the table next to us had I think we would have really enjoyed it as the green dishes looked fresh and tasty. Our meal was so so. Service was very prompt despite every table being full in the place. Meat dishes were also a bit too oil laden. Really think this place deserves a second visit but can't convince my partner of that. Staff were very nice, but prices are more premium than they ought to be. 
We wasn't told that we had to have a set menu as there was quite a large party of us. My sister and I both had steak which was as tough as old boots, the chips were underdone and it was very expensive. Another sister had the chicken casserole which was tasteless. So noisy, we couldn't hear each other speak. Won't be going there again. 
Service was good but bit slow 
Tables are too close together and on a packed Saturday night there were not enough staff. Drinks were slow to arrive, we had to ask a couple of times and we could see them sitting on the bar! Also, even though we checked in advance that my daughter could order a 'standard' mild curry she was given something from the menu that was too spicy for her and when she tried to order the bread she wanted we were told I'll bring mixed bread for table. 
I have been wanting to go for a while, my friend and I had dinner there on Saturday and it was nice, I was expecting a bit more though. Staff were friendly enough, although did ask us if everything was ok quite a few times (got a little annoying) I think for the price of the main dishes they could have been presented in a nicer way, we didnt have any 'KISMOOR' on our Goan Prawn curry which when you are paying £20 per main meal id expect to have the full dish. We had a nice meal and the food was ok but unfortunately I have had nicer curry's from local curry houses. 
The setting is amazing especially on a sunny day. The cocktails are also quite good. 
Our food was presented beautifully, and served with a smile. It was tasty but I did not feel it to be excellent. I was hoping for something a bit more exciting,  
We were very excited to visit this restaurant on Sunday 27th August. We made the journey with relatives who had travelled from Northamptonshire The food was pleasant but the whole experience was spoiled by the miserable service we experienced.  
Second visit, large group so it's the party menu...(usually not the best option anywhere). The cold mezes were a few dips and warm pitta, no wow factor and no olives this time, whilst the hot ones were equally boring. Portions and variety less this time. 
I was the 40th person in a 21st birthday celebration, so the menu was restricted.  
We’re checked in for one night and we’re happy to go to the hotel restaurant. There are two Mr Todiwalas Kitchens, one only accepts patrons with reservations. We went across the hallway which is the Gallery Restaurant, also Todiwalas Kitchen. It was not busy, we were seated right away.  
I’m no curry Neanderthal and I understand a region determines a cooking style. I also understand that ‘british Indian food’ is very different to ‘Indian Indian food’.  
Had afternoon tea yesterday with my folks ( in their 70's). Fantastic spread - easily the nicest food I've had for this type of eating. Everything delicate , tasty , high quality and beautifully presented. Why only 3 stars? ... we were perched at the edge of the room - mum and dad on a sofa and me on a small foot stool. Tucked beside the bar and non stop traffic from the waiting staff. Couldn't help but feel priority had been given to the 3 big groups in the room and we were jammed in at the edge. Also incredibly noisy - hard wooden floors & high ceilings means the noise just bounces. Wouldn't normally notice this, but my parents hearing is bad and our seating configuration meant we all had to lean in to hear each other. Would return but request a better seating arrangement.  
Hisar Meze has been my favourite restaurant in Orpington for a long while but I was disappointed on a recent return on a Saturday night. Firstly, they no longer accommodate under 17s on Friday and Saturday which I found not very in keeping with the Turkish way. Secondly, we had to eat from a pricey 'party menu' which comprises lots of dishes I'd never normally order - it felt quite inflexible. Thirdly, it was very loud with its live music and belly dancing - it felt a bit holiday camp. Don't get me wrong, we will return as the food is good and the staff helpful, just not on a weekend.  
went with a group of twenty or so for a fiftieth birthday, food was very good but v small portions ( no more than 10 chips between 2 people ) asked twice for a coke for my wife it never arrived all night so she gave up. to be fair its a lovely place great atmosphere but with a 10% service charge and lack of portions, i would not visit again . 
Service is normal and dishes quite standard with nothing special within menu. It is a place to recommend for a lunch or dinner without great expectations 
We last visited Xian two years ago and were happy with both the service and quality of food. 
Whilst describing itself as Mediterranean, Otto is predominantly Turkish. This was a first visit and an enjoyable one. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating and service was efficient. The menu was long with extensive offerings of cold and hot starters and mains. We opted to eat from the three course set menu which was very fairly priced. Borek, shaped unusually like samosas were tasty and well prepared, my friends mixed meze similarly enjoyable. For mains we chose the meat moussaka and the Adana kebab; Both were generous in size and served attractively with a small portion of rice and mixed salad leaves. Whilst we enjoyed both dishes they were not outstanding and somewhat average. For desert we opted for cheesecake - not home made and pretty run of the mill and Baklava which was actually somewhat unpleasant. The mint tea was surprisingly good. All in all Otto provided a good evening out with food to enjoy but not to write home about. I would not wish to rush back. 
Myself and a group of friends went here after previous visits and other recommendations. The food was ok (however did not have a choice of the usual menu as they class 5+ as a party) and staff/ atmosphere was good. When we came to the bill they tried to charge up for items we had not had nor was our deposit removed. When questioned deposit was dealt with, but we were then harassed for drinks we did not have. I have since heard that our experience is not uncommon here. Safe to say we will not be visiting again! 
Visited this restaurant on Saturday evening with some friends. Was really looking forward to it as curry is one of my favourite foods. All started well with cocktails and the starters were particularly tasty. However upon ordering my main (Goat curry) I was told 'this is spicy' to which I returned 'How spicy? Madras style?' 'No but we can make it to this strength' Excellent I thought. When it came, although the presentation was good all four main dishes were bland. Very disappointed. Had better food in my local curry house. Then the bill came. £120 per couple. Far too expensive for a curry despite having fancy names. Mine tasted like meat and gravy. Once experienced but unfortunately never to return. Back to the local curry house for me!! 
We visited the Bingham to have drinks on the terrace overlooking the Thames on a Saturday afternoon. When we walked in, I asked for a table on the terrace/balcony as I could see a couple of spare tables. The waitress told me there weren't any spare seats there, but I insisted as I'd seen that there were. Maybe it was because I'd stated we were having drinks and not ordering food? We got given menus and waited for over 15 minutes with no sign of service. There was also another table near us who were clearly looking around for the service they weren't receiving. We could see waiters etc buzzing around the people sitting inside eating, but they weren't so intent on serving people who just wanted a drink outside. Lovely location, but we probably won't return.  
They've worked very hard on the renovation and rebranding. Good service and friendly staff but the brunch items were not warm and disappointing. Might be better if you order lunch or specials of the day. 
My hubby and I hardly ever order take away but decided to tonight as we are getting ready to move house. This is the second time trying Xian as we live around the area and it's the second time they have gotten part of our order wrong. So dissapointed we will never be back. We were offered a replacement but with having to put the kids to bed we would have only eaten really late. Plus it means I have overpaid for our meal. Funny how you never land up with something more expensive, hey.  
Second visit to this restaurant. It's in a good location, very large and has friendly staff who trellised very had. It was fairly empty when we arrived and when we left. The food was OK but looked better on the menu than it actually tasted, so overall a pleasant evening more for the company than the cuisine. Nowhere near as good as Babur, which is near enough to be a direct competitor. 
Lovely food and very friendly staff. The only annoying thing is that they dont deliver. It will not stop me from coming in however!.  
This was my first visit and had high expectations having read previous reviews. Service was slow and could have been friendlier and more communicative. I could not fault my meal however those in our party that had squid in the main dish found it to be tough and inedible. This was pointed out to staff and an extra portion of sea bass provided.  
This was my first visit here and the experience overall was average. The décor and service was fine. Jal Pari starter was tasty, main course of Samudri Khazana generous portion but average tasting. Peshwari naan was slightly undercooked, had almost no filling and definitely no sweetness or flavour. We had an asparagus side dish which was ok but it was hard to tell that it was actually asparagus - I like to be able to taste my vegetables even when they do come with a sauce! Crème Brulee good, Chocolate Fondant good until I got to the bottom of the pot where the sponge was clearly overcooked, it was very dry and stuck to the sides of the pot. I didn't complain to the restaurant at the time as I was being treated by a friend. There was also no live entertainment as advised on the website. Overall, it was disappointing and I feel that for the huge bill of almost £100 the food should be considerably better. Definitely not 'high end' in my opinion. 
I had previously visited this restaurant about 4 years ago and it was fantastic, so when the opportunity arose to take my husband, I jumped at it.  
Nice food. With pleasant service and lively atmosphere.but found it really noisy. Food seemed fresh and varied. Would go again as such nice serving staff. 
The Bingham has a beautiful dining room with views over the river, unfortunately the food fails to live up to the location.  
Pre-booked a table for 3 for 6pm which was a good move as the restaurant quickly became very busy. The decor and ambience was pleasant. Waiting staff were in general ok. Ordered chicken tikka with fenugreek which was thigh meat rather than the usual more expensive breast meat. Although the dish tasted good the price was excessive given the cheaper cut of meat. We also had vegetable kofta which came as 3 veggie balls in a sauce for £13! Again the portion not living upto the price tag. Finally we ordered plain naan bread and a keema naan which to our disappointment all came together on one small platter, meaning that the veggies amongst would have had to endure mince lamb meat residue on their plain naan. However, we promptly returned these and fresh naan was subsequently made. In the meantime of course the main dishes became cold! We travelled 30 minutes to eat here and were attracted by Atul Kottchars name but to be fair, it was a rather average experience on all accounts and this is not a place I would go out of my way to visit in future, particularly as we are very familiar with Indian cuisine. 
Friends strongly recommend the restaurant which is very popular. The food is ok, very average Cantonese style, similar to what you can get from a Chinese take away. Nice eating environment though. 
I've been a big fan of The Bingham's Restaurant. The location, particularly in the sunny summer months, is beautiful with Southerly views of the river set behind the adjacent park. The restaurant is light and airy and the staff are attentive and friendly. If one is driving, a car space can be booked nearby which is a considerable benefit (albeit a charge is levied) especially if one's meal is taken at a leisurely pace. So why the past tense. Well on my last visit in early March both my own and guests different main courses (chosen from the set lunch menu) were borderline stingy. An emergency bowl of mash - which like the rest of the food was superbly cooked - had to be ordered to supplement the little triangle of fish and, for my friend, a few cubes of meat. It would be a huge shame that mean portion control spoilt what has been a little gem in such a lovely spot and I sincerely hope that The Bingham restaurant returns to previous form. 
Every plus point seems to have a negative. The food was very good! However the red wine was poor, had a bottle of Merlot that was so poor, we switched to a Malbec, just as poor & both served way to warm around say 25C! The service was good, (may be a bit too rushed). However lighting level inside was non existent, requiring us (and other tables) to use a mobile phone light, just to be able to read the menu! Also unfortunately I think the place has concrete walls with no sound absorption. So sound bounces around and conversation becomes difficult. This place could be so good, but currently fails on the wine, the lighting, and noise issues. 
The food was good, different to the norm but not necessarily better. For the price paid I would expect it to be significantly better than our local Indian, but it wasn't. The excessive use of red powdered chilli was also disappointing as I would expect a 'premium' restaurant to use fresh chillies. 
This restaurant is very overated and expensive for what it serves. Went there as a party of ten and were thoroughly disappointed both with the food and slow service. 
Been here a couple of times to give it a chance and it is often busy but have been unimpressed every time.  
The place is cute and the atmosphere is very cosy.  
Tried to stay here and dine on a few occasions but found this business quite arrogant. You can't book a stay more than 3 months in advance in case they get a wedding! Rather than take your dates and come back to you, you have to do all the work and diary for 3 months to call them.  
We have been here before and like last time the bottled lagers are served cold but not chilled. I'm sorry but when your being charged £3.90 for a 330ml bottlle of lager then I feel it should be chilled. The food was superb, but we will not be returning due to the above. 
Visited the Bingham for afternoon tea for a friend's birthday. The room overlooks the Thames which was lovely, quite a quiet room of ladies also having tea. We ordered the champagne tea (£37). We had champagne to start before asking which tea. There was only 1 menu on the table for 3 so that was a bit awkward, sharing and ordering tea.  
We visited Le Petit Citron for the first time this evening for the Valentine's Day 3 course menu for £25.00 
I like restaurants that are busy and on a Sat evening the place was full. Unfortunately I tried fillet steak and beef curry. The steak on its own was OK, but was crying for a sauce. 
We were stuck in traffic so rang ahead to let them know we would be late. When we arrived we got nothing less than a telling off from the lady who is meant to greet us and send us to our table. She then spent the rest of the evening barking at her staff (with no regard to customers). I know I should be awarding stars despite one member of staff (whereby I would award the food 4 stars, good but not exceptional) but the experience was unfortunately dominated by her behaviour. A real shame and left a bitter after taste at the end of the meal (though this may have been the lemon sorbet). 
Have been to China several times so I know the real thing. The Xian menu is the typical sweet saucy chinglish that you get in most London places. Some of the London restaurants at catching on now and offering more authentic fare but Xian is very much stuck in the past. I went there with my Chinese wife and we got given a knife and fork which is always bad sign. On a positive note, it is better than the other fake Chinese menu restaurants in Orpington. Come on Xian restaurant, do some real Chinese food. It's feichang hao chi! 
Had a really nice evening with friends but I have to say the food was very poor. It was £22 per head for cold and hot meze and then a choice of grilled meat/s. The meze was the usual, but when it came to the hot food it was very poor. Everything was deep fried and all tasted the same from the mushrooms to the calamari. 
My family had joined me from India to celebrate my 50th Birthday ,I was expecting the dinner to be a memorable one( as it has been in the past at this restaurant), IT Was BUT and with a BIG BUT in a pervasive manner. 
Turned up unbooked and were almost turned away after being told they were 'fully booked' in spite of nearly every table being empty, but they suddenly found us a table and said it was in a high traffic area which we were happy to take, bread and dip placed on table was fresh and tasty, we ordered seafood starters and steaks each, the starters arrived and the portions generous and tasty, the bottle of house White was average at best. 
Went here for the first time on 28/02 as it had good reviews on trip advisor. I have been to better restaurants food was lovely service was a bit rushed lots of service people around the table at one time. There were 6 adults we had starters duck we all picked one main meal each and had both rice and noodles cost approx £60 a head this includes 1 bottle of wine and a few bottles of beer 
They use quality ingredients and it doesn't feel like a hotel restaurant. Its really difficult to get the right balance when producing upmarket Indian food and I can't say it fully satisfied my traditional palette, but the presentation was creative and flavour authentic enough. If I went back it would be for the relaxing ambience and attentive service.  
Finally managed to go to the restaurant but was not impressed  
Xian is clearly a very successful business, as when we phoned ten days in advance the earliest time we could get a table was 21:15. As we arrived there were already eight people in the tiny reception area and another half dozen came in after us, which made the initial wait quite uncomfortable. Fortunately we weren't kept waiting long and were soon seated at one of the very closely packed tables. 
We've heard so much about this restaurant , we are great fans of Atul Kochar, so we were expecting a great dining experience, as it was my husband's birthday we didn't want to go London because my husband works all day in Central London the last thing he wants is to go back to Central London on a Monday evening as we are not so young anymore. So I booked Indian essence, when we arrived we received a warm welcome, very timid but pleasant. We looked up the menu on line and thought it was nice because all the dishes looked like modern Indian cuisine, however when we ordered it wasn't the case the starters were well presented but the main course was just your traditional bog standard dishes just rearrange on the plate to look modern but it wasn't really. It's an Indian restaurant so you expect everything to be packed with Indian flavours, well seasoned with Indian spices , well that wasn't the case , everything lacked in seasoning, almost bland, and,my husband ordered a Spice crumble with Vanilla ice creams for dessert, well he should have skipped dessert and go home to his mum to have a crumble, there was no taste of India whatsoever in the crumble, overall it was Indian food without the Essence. To top it all, when we asked for the bill, they included the gratuity automatically. I never failed to leave a tip but I thought it was quite cheeky of them to present me with a bill with the gratuity already added on, I had to ask the waiter to remove the gratuity from my bill, because I prefer to leave cash to the waiter so that they can share it at the end of their shift. And I did just that. 
The food and service here is always good and value for money. The main problem is the seating is too close and acoustics are bad. When the restaurant is full the noise can be overpowering and difficult to have a conversation with friends or family, 
I have been to Otto once, the food was pretty good, although I have been to better places. However the set menu price you can't really complain about, for £7.99 you get a starter and main at lunch time and its £9.99 at dinner time. Pretty good and very reasonable compared to other turkish resaurants on the high street. 
I have visited this Turkish restaurant on Wanstead High Street several times at lunchtime as they a very nice reasonably priced lunch menu. 
A busy and bustling Saturday night but our waitress Amanta could not do enough for us. Easily one of the friendliest and most accommodating waitresses we have come across. 
Ate here yesterday, the food was good but the service a little lacking. Waiter was polite enough but we had to ask for water and I would have thought they’d bring that up once you’ve sat down. Also my food order came way after my husbands so we were basically eating separately which I really don’t like.  
Nice restaurant with a cozy feel. Quality of food is good but thought the choices were not very extensive on the menu. Pizzas are made fresh in the oven. Staff is fairly attentive but unfortunately we had one who couldn’t quite understand some of our requests but didn’t let that spoil our experience. Lighting was turned down really low whereby it was difficult to see guests on the table at times but maybe they felt it would improve the ambience...who knows lol?‍♂️ 
Came with two friends and the guy with the glasses who I believe is the owner welcome me with great service however the two other members of staff weren’t at his level when it came to customer service. They weren’t bad but they weren’t excellent, they’re new as they weren’t there in my first two visits. 
The lamb dish was undercooked that day. 
Been eating here on and off for 22 years, The starters (ie spring rolls, prawn toasts, etc) are rather flabby and bland in comparison to other Asian establishments I've visited and the menu needs to be updated. Personally, I'm not a lover of sweet, sticky sauces, but I do like the crispy chilli fish and toffee bananas and apples. 
We’ve been visiting this place for a couple of years. Always been really impressed and for a while it was our favourite pizzeria.  
Went there on a Saturday evening after reading trip advisor reviews. Soup (wonton and hot and sour) was good. Starters- duck, spring rolls - good. Main course very disappointing. Ordered schezuan prawn, sizzling lamb in ginger and spring onion- both of which were sweet and prepared almost in a barbecue like sauce. Average quality ingredients. Pak choi was reasonably good. Chicken in salt and pepper was average; oily. Egg fried rice however was excellent.  
Food was okay, nothing special for being number 1 on trip advisor. Also feels like your sitting on other peoples laps. Tables could do with spacing out a little. The atmosphere was a little pretentious and not very friendly. Overall it's an OK Chinese restaurant, probably a little overpriced for the average experience.  
Been here a lot always loved the food and never had any complaints but on this night service was poor although our waitress was fantastic it was the kitchen that let her down. So by the time the main meal arrived we had lost interest. I can be a bit pricey but good for a night out.  
I wasn't sure what to expect, the staff are really attentive the atmosphere is great we were not rushed at all throughout our meal. The food was ok I thought mine was a little bland I didn't say anything to my husband but he said the same thing. There were 4 of us I wasn't drinking the men had a couple of pints each and the other person had a couple of wines it worked out at £45 each. Which I thought was a bit steep. If you want to try something a bit different then maybe this will appeal. Not much choice for a vegetarian either. 
I'd rather a 3 1/2 star rating but sadly not possible. 
Went to celebrate a birthday.. service was poor. Food was ok. Nothing to rave about . Don't think will go there again. 
we visited this restaurant due to it's high number of good trip adviser reviews. 
What a fantastic night out great food and excellent service great value for money very friendly staff great for birthdays and Hen nights and dancing the night away. 
The Bingham Hotel has lovely views to the rear but fronts on to a busy main road. But this isn’t a problem as once inside this delightful hotel, the lobby, bar and dining rooms all exude comfort and class. With professional and friendly staff I would have liked to score this hotel more, but the uninspiring food really let them down. My starter of watermelon, feta cheese and caramelised walnut was something a catering student could do better. My main course of corn fed chicken was spongy and simply lacked taste. The dessert of Panna cotta was totally hidden under a granola topping with a ton of blueberries – this was supposed to be Dessert not Breakfast! My real disappointment is the kitchen didn’t deliver and the menu failed to excite. There’s no mention of locally produced food, or creatively compiled starters or impressive desserts. Dinner was just a bit ordinary, and a total mis-match between the impressive surroundings. Note to Chefs; must try harder. 
Normally if I have a bad experience I don't write a review but I'm angry at having booked an afternoon tea at a hotel I had heard so much about and being sooooo disappointed. It was a glorious day and when we were shown to our table I couldn't believe it. Two of us had the long bench sofa, a third sat on a foot stool and the fourth was on a even lower chair. We had a tiny table so organising the food, tea, cups, plates, champagne, fizzy water etc was chaotic. We were so close to the other tables hearing was difficult. I know what good looks like and this was a million miles from it especially for the price. 
Having enjoyed excellent meals here at least three times before I booked for a party of four. On this occasion the food was bland and not as flavoursome as previously. Paragraph of course presentation is good and the service was acceptable. Just disappointed that the food wasn’t as flavoursome and tasty as on previous visits. 
Went for my cousins birthday on a Saturday night. The entertainment was great. The food was nice but we had to wait an hour for our mains & by this time we were all full on drink, that was a shame as mine was nice. Wasn't happy about the expensive surcharge but the manager was happy to renegotiate it. Overall a nice evening but a big pricey. 
Four of us went there last night. We all had great starters that were different and enjoyable but mixed feelings about some of their signature dishes particularly the railway lamb curry that two of us had overall was not very appetising and was a disappointment. However the monk fish was lovely and so was the changezI champen aur barra. 
We visited Ham House which is a couple of miles from Binghams so I booked Afternoon Tea. We really wanted to sit looking at the Thames.  
Good food. Contemporary Indian cuisine as it says on the box. Kitchen immaculately clean.  
poor service. a lot of staff walking around but none of them were interested in serving. had said on booking that this was a special occasion so wanted a good table. but instead put at a cramped table when there were others available. service poor. nothing came automatically and had to call waiter for everything including menus. frantic ambiance. unable to relax or hear each other speak due to poor position. considering high prices expected better food and interior. slightly higher standard food than average, but not worth the extra cost. papadoms and chutneys a joke. not even a decent salad. the railway lamb was supposed to come with potatoes, but could only count one small potato and an even smaller samosa. 
Went there with a friend for lunch. The place has a lovely location and it was busy and had a good vibe as we entered. We were shown a table very quickly. The waiters were kind and attentive but service was sooooo slow and we had to ask for our food and remind them what we had ordered as they had lost order. They gave us desserts on the house but they came late too:( 
The food was delicious. The views are great. The service was very poor for a restaurant of this standing. Water rarely filled. Wine not poured. Table not cleared. We had to keep asking for service. The waiter seemed ill trained and many of the staff seemed harassed. I wouldn't hurry back. Over-hyped, sadly. 
My wife and I thought we should pay a visit to Indian Essence after several recommendations from friends. We were promptly greeted and shown to our table which was slightly obscured by a column restricting movement of in arm but I was not concerned as our expectations were fairly high. We ordered papadums, a bottle of beer and a carafe of wine as we looked at the menu which is not extensive but every dish is a speciality, it was clear to see what our friends were talking about. Our papadums arrive quickly with tasty accompaniments; varying small types all of which were very nice. We had barely finished when the starters arrived, soft shell crab was delicious, the slightly spicy dressing on the salad was mouthwatering, we knew we were going to have our tastebuds tantalised for the remainder of the meal. Once again we had just finished our starters and the main course arrived. The restaurant was full without a single unoccupied chair and we were getting the impression they may be in a hurry to get us served and finished for a later reservation. It may have been something to do with me booking opentable that morning I'm not sure but the food was great, I had seabass and my wife had king prawns. We never saw the waiter again until we had finished we poured out the remainder of the wine and I was left with an empty beer glass without an offer to top up, I would have refused as I was driving but the lack of attention was quite noticeable. It's a shame because it's clear to see the food is way above any standard Indian restaurant and they have a process for getting served quickly but the personal touch is missing. This was noticeably proven when we declined a dessert and was promptly handed the bill which included a service charge. I would go back for the quality of the menu but would not return again if the service doesn't improve otherwise a lovely restaurant, shame about the lack of attention. 
We visited here a few days ago, food was ok, calamari very very chewy, mains were better than the starters, we have been to many Turkish restaurants and I'm afraid we won't be returning to this one. Such a shame as the decor and restaurant itself is fab! 
Ordered a delivery from this new place. I ordered the Karahi Chicken which was perfectly acceptable. However, I also ordered the Paneer Karahi for my wife who is a vegetarian. 
I had high expectations of the restaurant and was pleasantly surprised when my table for 1 was in a nice tucked-away position. As I was not too hungry I wanted something small and ordered main course (£20) and vegetable side (£7) . I was given an amuse bouche of Indian-spiced tomato soup, unfortunately it was so microwave-hot that it burned my mouth, ruining the rest of the meal. The main course arrived as a huge dinner bowl of basically ostrich meat in a soup and the vegetables in a tomato sauce. Disappointing. Sadly, this is not high-calibre/Michelin-starred dining experience, but a tear-and-share affair with your friends/guests. The decor/atmosphere is nice though. 
I went to the Bingham for lunch last week, the weather was glorious and it seemed the perfect place to have lunch. However they have a set menu with 3 x courses for £38. The challenge is that we weren't really planning to have a 3 x course meny including very rich dessert but we were told there was no other option... 
Visited early on a weekday evening. The chicken and the lamb dishes were of good quality (although the lamb seemed a little salty) but portion size should have been bigger. I wasn’t particularly impressed with Kurkure Aloo - glorified sautéed potatoes The staff were accommodating and perfectly fine. What I found outrageous was not the fact they charged £5.50 for a pint of draught lager, but the fact they charged £3.50 for half a pint of the very same drink !! Scandalous. Will think twice before returning. 
Our group was 4 people one being a 10yr old. We all ordered a starter each. Humus was lovely with fresh bread.lovely wine choices. Seafood platter for my husband and son was bit of a let down but OK nothing special. We ordered 3 mixed grills I shared mine with my 10yr old daughter. Highly recommend that. Very fresh and tasty. Ordered my daughters icecream and a baklava for me...I have had much better and the icecream that came with it was full of ice Crystals. My main complaint would be that in terms of drinks we really we're left to it. Took our glasses once empty with no other of refilling or re ordering. Had quite a wait at times. Got there and was empty but got very busy during our meal so could possibly be due to not copin well with a full house.bill was £82 not bad for 3 staters 3 very lovely mains 2 desserts 2 small glasses of lovely pinot and 3 juices.service and OK ish food was bit of a let down. Would I go back? No unless its someone else's gathering that I'd been invited to. 
sorry but would give this restaurant a miss. we visited in September one early saturday evening, we should have guessed it being so quiet, the food was prepared in the microwave as my dish was so hot, it burnt my mouth, bland and unpleasant, definitely not recommend this to friends or family. 
You can pay a lot more for so called ' top end' Indian quisine but you have to ask yourself 'is it really worth it?' The food was good,the service adequate although we stared at a cocktail bar saturated with dirty glasses for most of the night . Service ok but no more than I could have experienced in the local Indian. Ok night, big bill and therefore ......average. Pay half the price and enjoy yourself in the local ..... 
I was quite excited to have dinner at the Todiwalas as i do often visit the bar that's in the hotel. So i thought to booked a table for dinner at a last minute request by the wife. 
Montys looks really good and quality with its upmarket decor. I had the scrambled eggs and smoked salmon served with toast. The toast was very average, hardly toasted and already buttered, whereby most upmarket cafes serve the butter separate nowadays. The eggs were small but ok. The most disappointing part was the smoked salmon which had too much brown on it - why would a chef not trim these bits off !! Will not return . 
Went for a friend's birthday, as part of large group. The restaurant was buzzing and busy. Live music, dancing and a belly dancer! Food wasn't that great but the bill was reasonable and everyone agreed they had a good time. 
Good place for a pizza or quick meal. We had a good time. Waitress was very friendly. Prices are good 
Lovely dining room ! But the menu extols how different the dining experience is going to be compared to standard Indian restaurants. This may be the case, but actually the menu and the food was just ok and certainly not up to the hype. A week previously we ate much better Indian Street Food at half the price in Glasgow. Indeed the following week we had more innovative and tasty Indian Street Food in San Francisco. .  
Stumbled upon this place because everywhere else in Portobello Road were fully booked. This place was a good place to resort to when you're out of luck. Your average pizza and pasta offerings at a decent price. The atmosphere was nice and cozy. Tight dining room but it still felt intimate in a way. The first step into the restaurant screamed authentic Italian restaurant. However, I was expecting all the traditional frills with the dining experience. No bottles of balsamic vinegar or good quality olive oil at the table ready to be used for drizzling or dipping. Also no fresh side table bread as you would expect at any Italian meal. Overall, good experience and got a nice meal out of it. Initially service took too long but out waitress ended up being fabulous. 
I've driven by this place for years thinking it was the jewel in the crown of Richmond. My wife booked me a birthday afternoon tea. We asked about parking over the phone and they sent us a map which kinda told us to park somewhere in the Thames. Hey ho. When we arrived the place was heaving it looked like they'd over booked on afternoon tea's. We were shown to a beautiful room and my wife sat down ok, but my seat had just about enough room for a teenage Pug. I moved my table and all was good. There was a dead plant on our table which didn't bode well. The afternoon tea came and there was no milk with mine he said he'd bring it. He didn't I went and got it myself. The cakes scones and sandwiches were wonderful and the tea was the best I've ever had. I feel bad giving this place an average because it is a wonderful building and the waiting staff were hard core highly professional people. I pay that kind of money for a relaxed experience in a beautiful setting with a stunning view of the Thames. If you whack too many people in there it becomes a premier inn with some nice Chandelier's. The waiters were so on it they could see I was getting Fu%$d off. So A guy called Alex appeared and looked after us very well. He also showed us where to park. YOU PARK IN THE POPPY FACTORY'S CAR PAR...and they charge you £5.00. Which is cool as the Bingham do charity stuff with them. 
I am sure the hotel is very nice but having arranged to meet a friend there I then found I was quite unable to park. also the busy narrow main road outside makes it positively dangerous. On a previous visit I had accessed from the riverside and found it very pleasant but try and arrange to park elsewhere firt would be my advice. 
A friend and I had an early evening meal here on Halloween night. This was my first experience of Treviso; and I won’t be rushing back. 
Visited about a month ago, we had gammon ,pork and beans and I had aubergine permagganio , the pork and gammon was very well received but my Aubergine was a big disappointment , completly tasteless tomato sauce on a watery mushy aubergine and gloopy cheese ..zero flavour . 
Food ~ I had the special lunch menu which was calamari for starter & chicken shish for main, 
we visited on a Saturday evening and went for the tasting menu with accompanying wines. The food was satisfactory at best - we kept having to ask for our 'accompanying wines', often the course was finished by the time the matching wine arrived. Staff had no clue as to questions regarding the food. When we came to settle the bill the waiter said that our card had not worked the first time round so immediately put the transaction straight through again. The female waiter then pointed out to him that the machine had run out of receipt paper. It was all handled very badly, no apology, no complimentary drink or discount and on checking our account it had indeed gone through twice. We had to phone up and get them to credit our account on the Monday. The bill was already excessive at £200 plus (for two people) so to find out we had paid £400 was not impressive. They were however quick to remit the over payment back to us. On the whole not unpleasant food but hugely over priced - oh and watch out for the random pineapple dish served with the main course...... 
My wife booked us for lunch on Easter Sunday as she wanted to try somewhere a bit different to our usual haunts and slightly "up market". She had found the Bingham on the web but has also noted it in passing and wanted to try there. I thought the dining room ( we were in the first section, off the hotel lobby) rather bland and tired looking with not a lot of room between tables - a bit of a squeeze.  
We dined here mid week with some friends, partly inspired by other good reviews on this site. My experience was quite different and we found the restaurant to be overpriced and overrated. The food was hit and miss, this restaurant has pretensions of being a fine dining establishment but it fails miserably on the quality of cooking and service which was largely absent throughout the evening. No real adaptation of food for the kids and the portions of some of the starters was on the side of meagre, serving one small samosa for £6 just doesn’t work for me, especially considering its quality. Deserts also tasted odd with strings flavours that appeared to clash. To their credit one or two dishes were noteworthy e.g. starter of mussels, lamb and artichoke main. Overall a disappointing evening in W6, shall stick to more tried and tested eateries in central London. 
If you order the tasting menu, be sure to memorise each dish and accompanying wine because the staff have no idea what each one is. 
Had a full English breakfast. One fried egg was over cooked with a solid yolk and placed under the ok one. 
Luna Rossa would deserve a better vote: Wide choice of food, genuine 'special pizzas' (you can order by meter), good atmosphere... Pizzas are very good and rich with ingredients but... just 1 thing: could you please enhance the tomato sauce you use for the pizza? It just taste like from the can -no cooked sugo as it should be-. No problem for the ones that love pizza without sauce (pizza bianca). A pity for me as I love the sauce. 
I booked this a long way ahead and was really looking forward to it, however we were given a table in the centre of the restaurant and every time staff or customers past by they knocked the chairs. They provided a set menu with only four choices, the starters however were delicious. The rest of the meal was just like pub food and the lamb dish wasn't even very warm. The desserts were nice but again could get better and cheaper in a gastro pub. My last visit here was excellent so my advise would be not to go when they are too busy! 
We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and booked for the second night here - but decided to eat the first night as well, the first night there was a big party in and service was slow, food I would say was no more than average. We have a lovely sit down Indian Restaurant in our village and whilst it has no awards, i would say that the food was better. 
4 of us went for sunday lunch, bill £ 100. The writer had 4 cheese pizza, cheese in the middle but nothing on the major part. frirnds had prawns etc, most satisfied. No starters, ma few drinks, and deserts. Came away disappointed, nothing special, £ 25 a head, will not be in a hurry to return 
went with friends on a Monday night and not a great experience. 2 waiters talking and not paying attention to the guests. food so so, the vegetarian antipasti was flavourless and so was the aubergine parmigiana. the sea bass was good but a bit cold and the squid were rubbery. ambience nice but with all the Italian places around, not sure I would pick this place as a must go choice 
We went on sat 30th March Easter weekend it was very busy, and the staff were very attentive, but I thought the food was just OK, we were asked many times (3) everything ok with your meal? but how do you tell them well its just average? a huge menu to choose from, but I have eaten better else where, and I felt they pushed their drinks abit, maybe Im being a bit unfair as the waiting staff where very attentive on most things, pricey for just average 
I visited Treviso for the first time on Mother's Day, based on the positive reviews I saw here. Unfortunately, the experience was a mixed bag, and will probably mean I never return. 
Loved loved loved the atmosphere at this place. Starter was great. The pizza was ok but 3 pieces of anchovy on an anchovy pizza? A little neglected! Wouldn't make the trip to Notting Hill just to visit again. 
The food in question is a takeaway review - the portion size is good value for money. The food taste is geared more for the English clientele is lacks the normal amount of spice were it be made as it is made in India. Although the taste is ok expect the food to be Anglicised version. 
Food fab but portion size small. Example 3 cubes of meat in dish of sauce. Food itself is excellent. Bowls of rice also small. 
Went with my wife for a long over due night out (have 3 young kids). A Friday, very busy, good band playing, plenty of atmosphere, didn't feel like we were in Orpington which is a good thing. Mixed mere starter was disappointing as only 2 items in it with lots of dips, probably more things for large groups, main course was excellent. Good service we weren't rushed even though they were busy. They did add an extra rum on the bill that we didn't have the waiter immediately took it off but had added another premium spirit so watch the bill, service already included for only 2 of us which was odd. 
I took my wife here for a surprise birthday meal. The food was incredible, delicious and fantastic value for the high standard. The mussels, salmon and prawns were cooked to perfection and the wine was also great. 
Visited on a warm Saturday afternoon with friends - we wanted something light to eat that would be served fairly quickly. I had never eaten here before and hesitated a bit to try the café out as there were very few customers inside.  
I booked online for a table for 2 at 7.15pm. On arrival, a very flustered front of house lady had no knowledge of my booking ( or of another couple who had booked 10 days ago). We were shown to a table within a couple of minutes and a bottle of water was brought over. The decor is lovely but it was 45 minutes later when we received our glasses of wine and olives. 2 hours after we arrived, we received our tuna steaks. We had asked for one rare and one well done but they were exactly the same cuisson. We asked for roast potatoes instead of the pomme purée but the plates had pomme purée on plus a nice selection of seasonal veg which weren’t on the menu description. A bowl of buttered boiled potatoes were brought after 10 minutes but the broccoli we ordered never materialised. The food was tepid but the tuna steaks were generous. The front of house lady apologised for the long wait saying her staff hadn’t turned up. We had a coffee and the only thing which came quickly was the bill £57.85 for 2 tuna steaks, 2 glasses of wine and 2 coffees. We were offered a limoncello as we were putting on our coats but we declined as, by then, we had been there for 3 hours. Will I go back - probably not. 
Food was ok but portions are small and my Goat Vindaloo although nice was not out of this world which frankly for £15 it should be. I also had a side of spinach and aubergine £6.25 which was very much standard curry house fare. Kingfisher on draught was nice £5.15 as was a 175ml glass of the soul tree £6.75 . It was the automatic addition of a 12.5% service charge that completely threw me , the waiter initially told me this could not be removed but eventually was by another member of staff . It's a very pretentious and clearly has aspirations but has a long way to go before it could compare in any way to its namesake in SW1 ....  
Visiting this restaurant as wanted to try something different style Indian food and also as Todiwala being a known chef. Starters -Ok, Chicken and Lamb were tough in sharing platter for 2. May be prepared in advance ? and assembled when ordered. Main dishes lacked flavour , chicken passanda was ok.The best dish was Lamb shank. Dal, Okra all average. Desserts was of ice cream which were delicious. Service was very good hence the 3 stars, not for food. Will I go again or recommend, well not to my indian friends, may be for tourist and people staying at hotel option as captive . Overpriced for what it is. 
Potli indian . All seemed a bit rushed , food was not the best , was expecting alot better , chicken was very dry even with a sauce . And quite expensive and then to add 12.5% service charge was not good . 
Elaborately described menu - but high prices for average food. Many more-welcoming places, serving good Indian food, in the area. 
I'd like to go back and see more of their range to be absolutely sure but this was not a warm and welcoming experience. The service was polite but surly and we had to ask specially for the lunchtime menu which really should have been given us as standard. The food seemed freshly cooked and was of good quality though. 
Love the layout and open kitchen - food OK. In fairness, not gone for a 'full dinner' i.e. had a quick lunch etc so will give it another spin at some point. Promising though! 
We visited with some friends and had a pleasant evening. Food was average-good basic Turkish/Greek fare. Nothing to write home about and the meat course was just various minced and cooked kebabs with some cubes of chicken and a couple of wings. It would have been preferable to have had the meat cooked as-is rather than minced, in my opinion. However the pastries, both savoury and sweet, were excellent! They had a belly dancer, but it was the couple providing the entertainment who really made the evening. It was just like being on holiday with traditional tunes and songs. I would imagine the enjoyment would be directly proportional to the size of the group around the table and quantity of alcohol consumed (its that sort of place!), so feel that my overall mark would have been higher with a larger crowd! Great to visit with friends occasionally, but certainly not ideal for a romantic meal for two! 
Great find in Petts Wood. We are not great fans of too much chilli in food and tried to make it clear to the staff but failed. The food was beautifully presented and well cooked but for it being too hot. Rice was cooked to perfection. They have Sula wine which it a great find. One gripe I have with out of town restaurants is the service. Sadly Indian Essence lacked in this perhaps because it was a Saturday night and it was extremely busy. The first glass of wine was poured for us and then we were left to our own devices. The price they charge is not far of central London If you are a fan of lots of chilli you won't be disappointed. 
Have been meaning to eat here for a while, when asked for popadums we trying. To decide how mamy? Three of us man days box.enough OK we think?! Box.comes looking very nice in presentation and flavour... nowhere near enough but with huge price tag we made it enough!! And they are.much smaller than anywhere else. 
We visited on a Saturday evening and it was busy. We were a party of 6 and we were shown to our table straight away.  
Although this restaurant has top drawer prices, the food wasn’t quite ‘top drawer’ Have recently eaten better Indian food for much less. Couldn’t fault the service though and the food was nice but not the best value for the money. I had chicken on the bone curry. Very spicy but very little chicken and mostly consisted of bone which was disappointing. However, the chicken tikka starter was very good but at £8.50, it should be. 
The restaurant is situated next to the Sandridge Park train station and has ample parking. It's a converted pub which has been very tastefully decorated and has the wow factor when you go in. 
Also disappointed. While the service was good and the decor very tasteful the same couldn't be said for the food. The plate my vindaloo goat was on was hotter than the meal itself. All portion sizes were fine as long as you didn't have an appetite. In fact the only large thing we had that night was the bill. Won't be rushing back.  
Fed up with this place. I ordered a full monty breakfast and ended up with six mushrooms. That's six slices of mushroom, so I'm guessing around 1 medium sized mushroom! You expect more when paying £9.50 for your breakfast. 
Went on valentines night. Waited long time for drink . The meal was fish wrapped in banana leaf , why I don't know , was terrible preparation, on top of rice that had been microwaved and was a hard lump . The restaurant was to bright and like a big hall . Not my cup of tea ....  
The staff are friendly, there's plenty of space, everything looks inviting, service is quick and there are lots of options to choose from. I probably chose badly with eggs benedict and tea: the eggs were hard, muffins a little chewy and tea went frothy with the milk from the coffee. I would go again if I'm in the area and fancy popping out for breakfast. 
I live in Windsor for many years and seen many cafe come and go . monty cafe does a good job fast service , friendly and good value for money. Which is what one wants when hanging And after a fry-up but wouldn't no write home about the meal.. But was happy when I visited. 
My initial reaction to getting assigned to check this vegiterian restaurant was"Great" at last veggie food to try after a long spell of visiting other non-veggie places. I ordered few starters and main course and a glass of water. While waiting for the food to come,the waiter came and left tissues and cutlery of which were dirty and table was not clean either. I request another table but he came with a spray started to clean with an attitude. From the position I was seated,I could clearly make out that all food was placed in a microwave to heat it up then straight onto the plate. The only thing which I think was fresh was the dosa of which was very nice but heating food up in a microwave can only mean one thing and that it was out of a freezer. Not what I expected but left in a hurry as micro food is a no no for me. -2 points 
I went to this restaurant based on good reviews on TA and I was not dissatisfied. The staff was polite and I was given quick service and the Pork Vindaloo was served quickly although the portion was a bit small as I was quite hungry (BTW I am not a big American). The garlic, chilli nan bread was soft and tasty too (although the Vindaloo was medium spicy - one beer spicy).  
We've been many times over the years, and consider Indian ZIng one of West London's best: interesting recipes, fresh flavours and good service. This time we found the starters were as we remembered, but the main course disappointed, in particular the dry chicken in sauce, and vegetalbe dishes that lacked flavour. Service was also peromptery! Friday night, and busy, but not too busy, so no excuses... hopefully just a blip. 
We visited this restaurant for the second time last Saturday (our first one being over 2 years ago) and had our doubts before arriving as surprisingly we had been able to book at table at 5.30 on the same day. Restaurant was a quarter full when we arrived and were under pressure to order whilst trying to catch up with old friends and perusing the menu. Very slowly the restaurant filled but not to full capacity. Whilst none of us could fault the quality of the food, it is very overpriced and £11 is pretty expensive for a tikka when no rice etc is included in the price. The young waiting staff were over zealous; to the point that my curry was removed before I had finished eating. There were many young staff, whilst a restaurant manager was not apparent. Ultimately, it appeared that certain patrons received differing treatment culminating in an element of 'clickiness' and we will therefore not be visiting Cinnamon Culture again! 
No table cloths , feels like a school dinner room . So not a restaurant to dine but the food was good for vegetarians and it was packed with the local community by 7pm . Service was a little slow but understandable due to the volume of people that filled the room soon after we arrived . Definitely a good experience of authentic Indian food . 
... except the Eggs Benedict we had wasn't very good at all: cheap eggs and taste-free Hollandaise sauce. 
Was highly recomended by friends and so we had high expectations. The ambience was very good, and you eat in "a kitchen". The food was good but not as tasty as we had been led to believe. 
I have walked past Montys for years and thought it must be doing something right as it is always busy on weekends with people having breakfast, lunch and afternoon tea. Anyway, lets cut to the chase. four people and four cooked breakfasts. We all agreed that the food was hot but lacking any pizzazz! The eggs lacked that fresh "yolky" taste and in general the food quality seemed lacking. My Americano was very good though. 
For my graduation meal, I wanted to go somewhere my grandparents would feel comfortable. They said the food would be quick to come out, I wouldn't say it was quick and there was nobody else in the restaurant. 
There is no doubt that the food is lovely and the venue is beautifully decorated with great ambience. Unfortunately by trying too hard to present the food in a Michelin star way you loose the essence of the food and the beautiful flavours. By presenting the dishes in a contemporary way, it looks beautiful but the portions are sometimes less than substantial. And the prices exceed some of the better Indian restaurants I have been to in city and taken clients too for what truly are the best Indian taste experiences. As hard as this place tries... It just tries too hard. However, it is my local and I wouldn't eat from any other Indian restaurant in my area. But if they took things back to basics slightly and made it all a little less fussy then the food would speak for itself and it would still be an excellent place to dine. Currently it falls short of the high expectations they set themselves and the price tags they set which is a shame.  
I am prompted to write this review as we recently went to Chez Bruce and had a rather superior lunch for about 10% more than we paid at Treviso. There were 4 of us at Treviso and we were the only people in the restaurant. With the rather austere decor, atmosphere was lacking. To be fair the food was quite tasty, but it was not haute cuisine and, as others have remarked, it seemed a little pricey. There were a chef and waiter on duty when we arrived, but only the chef as we left, and we often had to attract their attention to get some service. They were pleasant enough when they did arrive, but as we were the only people in the place, we felt that that a little more service would not have gone amiss. 
We had just arrived in Windsor and this was the first cafe we came across it looked very busy but we managed to get one of the last table. We both had toasted pannini's which came with fries and a side salad. Food was OK but nothing out of the ordinary.  
We heard others raving about this cafe and decided to go and have breakfast there. A good choice of different food on the menu, pricing seemed fair keeping in mind that the cafe is located in Windsor.  
I didn't particularly enjoy my night. The pizza is pretty good, but not world beating. The place was noisy as hell. The service was questionable at best, ended up having to go to the front of the restaurant to pay. Family owned from the looks of it and their attitude was strangely antagonistic towards customers. And it was expensive. 
We went for breakfast on a Sunday morning. It was busy and a cheerful restaurant despite the rain. The service was attentive and fast. The food and coffee was average and the poached eggs were slightly over for us but overall it was a pleasant breakfast and is within walking distance to the castle. 
We had a reservation for Saturday night and arrived promptly. There were only 2 tables available - 1 nice one and 1 right in the middle of the floor where you get bumped by waiter(s) constantly passing. However, the couple at the table next to the nice one had allowed their child to fall asleep on the seat making the nice table unavailable. They were finished their meal and were drinking water. The waitress should've asked them to move/wake their daughter, but instead pathetically feted me the rubbish table. That is bad business and it niggled me for the whole night that they continued to sit there ordering NOTHING for the entirety of OUR meal too! The acoustics need to be sorted out as the chatter from all the tables makes it impossible to have a conversation without talking loudly yourself. Service started off really well but became intrusive and then almost non-existent. In short, it's a cute place with good food but needs some small changes. 
There are quite a few Indian restaurants in town and this one does not stand out - fair, but average. The prawn entree was overcooked, the chicken was well done in an uninspiring sauce. The chickpeas were less than memorable. 
I have been to ram's for one of my occasion last month, as i m indian i love indian food and joints... I had high expectations from rams, I was hoping to try there thali but unfortunately due to an event at there restaurant they refused to cater to my request. I ordered jeera rice, dal and snacks.... it was nice but i have been to other places in UK i found they can do better.  
5 mins walk from the castle. The restaurant was crowded even it had passed lunch time. Our waitress was attentive and helpful. I do think the food was average, not amazing but not bad. Good thing is price quite cheap (compared to London) and portion was decent.  
Have set themselves up as the primary local competitor to the Tamasha which is by far the best a la carte Indian eatery in South London. However whilst the starters were truly excellent, the main course is nothing special. Yes some of the dishes sound very exotic but in reality standard Indian fare. The wine list is extensive and the Indian red wine was very agreeable as were the cocktails. But to charge £12 for two rounds of poppadoms which was simply astonishing. A request for either Chili or Coriander naan bread was declined as it was not on the menu ! Total bill for 5 - £320 - which is fine but this was not value for money. 
This was my first visit to this Italian Restaurant. 
Okay experience, not one to go for. Quality food is okay. Heard about it, definitely not a Michelin star. Overrated. Poor lightning with no ambience. Had to wait for a long time for the food. Service slow. Overly priced. Would rather go to another restaurant than eat here. Went reading the reviews. Failed to impress us. 
I usually like going to this restaurant but the level and quality has dipped over the past few months. Except a few dishes, most of their fare is very average. My last visit in Dec'13 was very disappointing. The Quilon duck in the mains that I ordered had a quarter inch hair nestled on the duck meat in the plate. I was totally grossed out and returned the dish saying I will rather eat the other dishes that I had ordered. The chef was kind enough to replace the Quilon with the chicken dish, but when I checked my bill at the end of the meal the restaurant had charged for the Quilon duck that I never ate. Overall in my opinion, this restaurant is overpriced. Till it changes for good, I would rather spend my money on quality food and service in a better restaurant. 
We are as a family over Christmas, we were shocked by the bill, the food was good, not great, the service good but adequate, but the price for want we ate as a party was more suited to the west end of a Michelin starred eatery, not a local Indian . 
Overall, Treviso is fine for a casual, cozy dinner but 4.5 is misleading as it unfortunately falls short of what I would consider to be a good eatery. 
I opted for the tagliatelle to give a good base for an evening at the Ginstitute around the corner. The pasta arrived quite quickly as did the Parmesan cheese, I declined more than two small spoonfuls of the cheese as I like to be able to taste the sauce. I should have had the cheese as somehow the pasta sauce had lost all its flavour... Most odd. 
We dined at here last night, with high expectations having read the other excellent reviews. Unfortunately we were disappointed. The restaurant wasn't too busy when we arrived and we were shown to a table where we then waited for 20 minutes before I eventually managed to flag a waiter down to place our drinks order. He wasn't very friendly and forgot to bring the water I had asked for when the drinks came. We then waited another good 20 minutes before once again having to summon a waiter ourselves to order food. When the food came, it was well presented, good portion size and very tasty so it was a real shame about the poor Service. 
Normally we love this restaurant and consider it to be one of the best in London. We went last night and it was sadly rather disappointing. We may have ordered badly but the Devon crab starter was a jumbled mess, like a curry, extremely fishy and basically inedible. The two curries (fish and chicken) we ordered had identical sauce, making it feel like the cheaper curry houses where they plop the same sauce over whatever meat you order. The “salad”, though fresh was a sorry concoction of some tomato and cucumber slices, artichokes from a jar, raw onion, a small pile of rocket and two whole green chillies. Not sure what we were meant to do with that. 
We booked for the New Years Eve meal which in itself wasn't cheap £50 a head but it was a special night so fair enough. Decor tasteful but space cavernous when not full. The food was very good well flavoured/spiced, not masses of it but enough. It was the music that spoilt it. A DJ was advertised and the music itself was great a 70/80s soul funk - the "mixing" was appalling and it was SO LOUD that we had to ask for our bill and leave at 11.40. A couple of people had got up to dance but there were too few diners to dance the night away and no need to have the base at that volume. It was like sitting on a slendertone machine and the art of conversation was dead. 
We visited here after a hectic day out. Read great reviews about the chef and the restaurant. Pretty empty for Saturday night. Was welcomed with a soup which was the only thing that was delicious. Starters and main course very disappointing. Tables too congested felt was sitting on my neighbors lap. I will not recommend this place unfortunately very hyped for no good reason. 
The food is beautiful but its very expensive... and the restaurant is so big it always feel empty... and has very little ambiance. Rarely is it busy enough to have a buzz about it. There is a great little cheap and cheerful Indian a few yards away, and a very glamorous similarly expensive Indian 15 minutes walk away with lots of ambiance, so it was a strange choice to open this restuarant in this location. 
It's a really nice place, well presented and the food is good.  
We went here on Monday night and I was suprised to see several other diners in there (not a bad crowd for a Monday night) - especially as the coronavirus alerts suggested people avoid restaurants. 
Went at 7.30 for breakfast and happy they were open. Coffee is excellent. Had eggs Benedict which was fair if a little bland. Husband has scrambled eggs with salmon on the side which was better. Free parking along the road until 9 and only 30p for 2 hours if you have an advantage card. Easy walk into town from here. Could do with a splash of colour inside as the place is very brown but clean and service is quick. The owner came over and checked that everything was ok. Would recommend if you need an early breakfast in windsor 
We had breakfast here, the food was fine, the service was a bit haphazard and the table and settings seemed a but grubby. 
After reading many reviews on TA we went to Monty's prior to going to the Castle. Their was nothing special about it, noting unique on the menu, and the place had a very sterile feel. Overall, I feel you can find a better place for breakfast, even closer to the castle (they have a market area in an old train station that had some cafe's). Place was clean but just ok. 
Booked a 7 course tasting menu for Christmas day with high expectations but the food 
Lunch for 4 with the Festive Menu at £25 for three courses, three choices for each course. The Ham Hock was quite odd and I really didn't rate it; the fish of the - Pollock - was well cooked and juicy but lacked taste. On the positive side I didn't want the parsnip purée and they substituted something else without demur which was very good The chocolate tart was very fine but unexceptional. One thing I didn't appreciate - although this may be the house rule on being attentive - was my companion drank his wine down before I had even touched mine and his glass was immediately refilled. I think a waiter should ensure everyone is treated as equally as possible - not reward fast drinkers! The staff were pleasant and attentive. I have had better food I the past. 
We had breakfast here. The food was ordinary diner fare, but ample. Ok if you're nearby but not worth going out of the way for.  
I came here for breakfast, I had to wait a while for a menu. The apple juice came in a VERY small glass. The food was ok just had a few sausages,eggs harsh Browns and beans. I couldn't order another juice because the waitress didn't even look at me then I had to get the manager to get me the bill. I didn't wait that long for the food to come but it just wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. 
We were looking for a "winter warmer" style lunch after visiting the castle.  
Fabulous food on first visit but quite dismal decor although didn't stop restaurant from being packed. Food not so amazing second time but still good. Decor stops me going back hence three stars  
We visited Luna Rossa on a Friday evening for a quick supper. 
Lots of really positive reviews probably over-inflated my expectations... I was a bit let down. I had the penne al ragu and just found the oregano to be overpowering and the rest of the dish lacking in any real personality. My wife really enjoyed her sea bass but otherwise, pretty middle of the road experience (mine was sub-par). 
Not too far from the over-touristic Portobello Rd, but on a parallel street, a bit away from the crowd. 
Reasonable prices. That's main positive thing about the place. The staff wasn't very professional. For example, we've talked business with a partners and suddenly staff started to clean up the table interrupting the conversation. The meal simple and I can't say I've enjoyed it a lot. 
Had a good vegetarian breakfast here one Sunday morning. Generous portions, efficient staff, nice atmosphere.  
Good size portions and friendly, nothing out of the ordinary though for a cafe. Popular with locals as started to get busy by 9am. 
What happened to The Bingham? I've just returned from the most average meal in my life. I used to go to this restaurant a lot, but NO MORE. The portion are still for anorexic people, the service (apart from Ricardo's and his English/French colleague) is more than bismal - the (cold) coffee was served BEFORE the desert. One of my guests chose beef (well done she asked) but it was practically raw when served and had to be sent back. The other guests' food got cold waiting for her to be served. The plates too were cold! It was a special treat for my friends and I was annoyed to have to apologise for the very sad experience they had. 
Staying in Romford for the night we went for a walk in to town and came across this restaurant  
It was fun to be eating Indian food at an airport hotel, so this far exceeded my expectations in that regard. But definitely not a place you would otherwise go to. 
Modern and well spaced restaurant so that one can have a conversation. Food is average and grossly overpriced. Tried the sampling venue with a few people from work. Nothing special considering it cost £65/person. 
The Bingham is a lovely place to go to, and the service is, on the whole, impeccable. However, in my recent experience the cuisine, sadly. isn't. I went there with some friends for a special birthday dinner. Some people had fish or vegentarian meals, which they liked. But a friend and I had meat dishes and neither of us was particularly impressed. The sirloin beef I had was a bit tough, and the knives they provided were not steak knifes, making it difficult to cut it - so much so that, on one occasion, my beef skidded across my plate and ended up on my lap, soiling my clothes. My friend said her pork was rather dry. The deserts were OK but not exceptional. All in all, we would have expected better. And I must say I’ve had nice (and cheaper) meals at places like Cote and Strada. 
We wanted to try this Italian restaurant near Portobello as the atmosphere seemed great; the restaurant is nice and lively so absolutely ok for this but unfortunately there are some negative aspects that we'll make us thinking that we'll never go back to eat at Luna Rossa. 
I went here for breakfast with 2 friends in August 2014. It was super busy but the service was prompt and polite. We all went for the full monty which was okay. It wasn't huge but there was a good selection of things although no hash browns! It was a little overpriced for my liking - £10 for a pretty standard breakfast and coffee. I would go back but it's nowhere near the 2nd best place to go for a bite in Windsor. 
We went to Luna Rossa for dinner on a Saturday night. Our table was on the ground floor in the back room. The place was full and extremely loud. I don't think I have been in such a loud place before. Apart from noisy customers, the shape of the room was making the acoustics very bad and our visit quite unpleasant. 
We were looking forward to this meal. The service was friendly and good. My wife's chicken meal was ok my beef meal had no taste. I understand that it does not need to be hot (Spicy) but this was bland. I don't mind paying more for good food, and this is above normal prices, but having to pay high prices for a bland meal is unacceptable. We will not be going back. 
Came here for a catch up dinner with friends it was extremely loud and incredibly hot. Although food was good the ambience didn't allow the opportunity to enjoy it as much as I would have liked.  
Very nice restaurant with helpful staff. Food was ok, my husband ate most of his food which is always a good sign. 
Food, service and restaurant all very good and the Groupon deal great value. Only down side was that address on Groupon deal was wrong so we spent an hour searching.. 
Excellent first impressions. Great welcome, and warm pretty restaurant. A small cup of delicious vegetable broth to encourage us with our ordering. Other customers mostly white wealthy middle class Londoners. We both ordered the non veg Thali, which is a variety of vegetable dishes plus a meat dish of our choice. I chose Lamb Rogon Josh which was nice but not special. However in most of the vegetable dishes they used a spice which I have encountered in many other posh Indian restaurants such as Chutney Mary's that to my taste is bitter and strange and seems to mask the flavour of everything else. Is it me? I enjoyed the afters.. Ras Malai, beautifully presented and delicious, but it didn't need the chocolate ice cream that came with it. The bill was about twice what we usually pay for an Indian meal. They gave us brandy and chocolate covered raisins to finish. Nice touch but somehow the lovely service and all the extas and garnishes didn't make up for a disappointing main course. 
Coming from Stoke Newigton area where lamb shish or ribs are around £12-£14 i was astonished by these prices. Lamb liver was very hard, we didn’t really touch it, but nobody cared.But ok, service was friendly. I would try different turkish on next occasion, i also prefer more traditional design showcasing heritage.  
The food is pretty good and great value. (notably the wine list). But the atmosphere is pretty down market, it is fine if you want to grab an OK meal in a hurry but not a date friendly place. 
We had a couple of small plates whist sitting up at the bar which were quite tasty but the wine served was not cold enough. Quite a busy buzzy atmosphere and maybe a place to visit for a quick stop-off. 
I visited on Saturday, the restaurant 
Went for lunch. Food was lovely no complaints but why oh why don't they do lunch time specials? Reckon we'd pop in more often if they did.  
I came for lunch seeing this place was number 1 at Tripadvisor. The place is nice, the service is really good but the food is average. I love eggs benedict and here they are pretty bad. What saved my hunger was the generous and tasty goat's cheese on the Chevre Salad. Sorry but I won't come back :( 
Food was excellent. Friendly staff. Service was average, probably because they were so busy. When our bill arrived it was obvious it was way too high. When we checked the itemisation there were drinks added that we didn't have ( a glass of Chardonnay, £20!!). When we told the waiter he was expectedly apologetic. But before leaving, another couple disputed their bill as well. So be warned.. They obviously are trying to sneak in some extra items!!  
Went there on a Saturday night with 6 friends. 
Saturday evening 7.30pm table. 9 people. Service very slow. Food started arriving about 8.30pm. It was worth the wait as everything was delicious. I was fine with the quantities but some of our party said they could have done with slightly larger portions. Long gap between courses. We only had starters, main and coffee and ended up leaving at 11pm! Five stars for food, two stars for service. 
everything on the plate was well cooked and tasted great, but come on check before sending out a plate you missed off the Hash Brown!!! 
Decided to have lunch after reading excellent reviews on TA. Nothing wrong with a cafe itself but surely I wouldn't rank as number 1 in Windsor. Waitress wasn't sure what's the soup of the day, she wanted to take order in the very same second after we sat behind the table without letting us get familiar with a menu. Salad and suop were quite tasty. As main we both had steak pie which was to my friends liking but unfortunately for me it was way to salty and most importantly half of my mash potatoes were stone cold. No one asked us if everything was fine until we finished our meal. Bit to late. Finally something which supposed to be fresh orange juice. It was either made from poor quality of oranges or I was simply cheated and served some substitued. Definitely room for improvement.  
Came here for dinner with friends. I would give it a 3.5 if trip advisor let you as its better than average. On arrival they gave what tasted like a spicy coconut tomatoe soup which was deelicous and perfect on the cold evening. Food was nice, i didn't like the dahl at all, but enjoyed the artichoke main. Attentive service and overall an enjoyable experience. 
This is a gorgeous location for an evening meal on the river view terrace in those rare English summer warm nights. 
We were there with friends for dinner on a Saturday night after having read some fantastic reviews . Despite having booked the table there was some confusion with our table with one member of staff just pointing us to the table and another not letting us sit down. This was the first fail. We should have been showed to the table and not just told 'it's there'.  
Had excellent Surti locho here. Great portion sizes. Could improve on rotlo. Good service. Staff need to improve English. 
It was my favourite place to eat when I go to hospital I normally eat here and I went to eat with my friend and it was uncomfortable the staff was keep looking at us and talking but the food was good. 
Took my father in law for a Christmas meal here with the mrs the food was good shame about the service.they forgot one of our dishes and didnt have the wine we wanted,there was a curly hair in my poppadoms too.and when we got there it wasn't that busy and there were loads of tables empty and we were sat right next to a load of screaming kids with there parents. Wouldn't recommend shame mrs looked at the reviews on line most were positive looked forward to going for months. 
While staying at Hilton T5, I was very much looking forward to an awesome meal however it wasn't quite up to that standard. It is a lovely restaurant but it was half empty and lacking a little atmosphere. The food was mostly very nice except the poppadums, as I feel that some on the plate were from a packet and stale (the ones that were fresh were very nice!). It was a little on the expensive side for what you got and sometimes hard to get the waiter's attention. 
There is of course many regional styles of Indian food that differ in spice and texture. The location of Mr T's was a captive market - in a Hilton in an airport district but not close to anything else. The food was ok, little spice even in 3 chilli dish (of which there is only 1). Reflects the English palette I suppose but wished for the "just cooked in the tandoor" taste - smoky, hot and delicious. Instead it tasted like the meat had been under heat lamps for a while. Explains maybe why it came out so quickly. Maybe I am wrong. 
Good Surti food All the items are tasty and service is good too. Lunch time buffet is very good Gujarati dal is excellent  
Just been here again. However tonight we were singled out to miss the "amuse bouche" soup. When we questioned this we were told it was down to the chef who decides whether you have presumably ordered enough of his food. We were told we had a "straight order" ... Interpret not spending enough . This is a very strange and discriminatory way to operate Mr Todiwala! 
Got a takeaway from here. Vegetable spring rolls were nice, not greasy at all. This place is vegan friendly and they are willing to make certain dishes to order if you have a special dietary requirement. I wanted the jeera rice without ghee so they made it in in oil for me. The bhindi curry is really nice, (not too spicy) as is the bajri rotla - no ghee again. My family ordered the aubergine curry and disappointingly found that part of the aubergine was off - this is very uncharacteristic of Ram's.  
Came to Chakra today as we have eaten at most of the places in Kingston and it was pretty cold so wanted to sit inside. 
Staff friendly, restaurant nice and modern. 
Food there is really nice and been going there for good 3 years but in last 6 months prices went up twice  
Visited on rainy Saturday afternoon. Had some lovely dishes, tasty and good portions. Pau Bhaji, Kema Naan, Chicken Wings, Chilli Mogo and Samosa Chaat.  
We were looking forward to eating again following our last experience. However, very disappointed. The service was very good and the waiter who served us was very knowledgeable about the different curries. The dosa's and poppadoms excellent. The curries this time were bland and tasteless. I hope this is a one off and will probably give it another try if staying at the hotel again. 
I dont have anything bad to say about this cafe but it is exactly that, a standard cafe. We had eggs benedict and an omelette which were fine but nothing you couldn't get in any cafe. Service and decor were fine but again nothing outstanding. Very worried if the best place to eat in Windsor is a cafe that serves chicken nuggets. If you're passing by and want a perfectly pleasant basic meal then give it a go but really not sure why number 1 as a place to eat in Windsor. 
Visited today but did not live up to my exceptions.  
When I walked pass it looked busy, so I decided to have a try. Big let down, kebab was dry and the portion size was small, they put a lot of rice at the botton of the cointainer to look like it's a big portion, but it's not. Service was ok and the value is not worth it. Overall not recommended. 
There's nothing to complain about food wise, (apart from an overly liberal use of cardamon seeds) but there's very little to shout about either. Service can be at best described as haphazard, but in truth, not great Hate to downplay restaurants at this point in time, but if you are blinkingly emerging from lockdown & trying to find your social legs again, there are better alternatives out there 
I went to this restaurant last weekend. service is good and staff is friendly but food quality was not really good. ambience was nice as well. Except soup and variety of drinks everything else was not good. Starters were ok not delicious, Even main course was not very good like Daal makhni did not taste fresh. 
We went here around 3 PM when the local was quite empty. Service was good and waiter and waitress were nice. Sausage and mash was good (in particular, mash). 
Great restaurant and we always enjoy our food but have noticed that the takeaway section has become very poor. We order in advance with a requested pick up time and each time they have never even started to cook it. Chicken always seems like it could do with 5 more minutes on the grill and the salad boxes which used to be great are now just lettuce and onion (no clue if this is new way of doing things or if they just keep running out of ingredients). Last time we collected they tried to say they no longer take card payments for takeaway as well and it is now cash only which seems very odd and no mention of it when you order over the phone. 
As fairly regular user of this restaurant I was shocked to see a major increase in prices has always been good value but I think the last increase was to much the ribs were 9.95 when it was opened now 14.95 drinks have gone up considerably draft lager now nearly 5 pounds glass of wine over a fiver. On a plus side the staff were help full and friendly and the food was quite good 
Food is good, portion size is small.Not remarkable but average. However the rude and unfriendly service made down the restaurant a lot. To be fair, I have to say, one of the staff was nice and friendly but the floor maneger & a rude staff made all wasted. I won't pay same mount of money again, if the service would be same. Seriously the owner needs to think and improve some of your staff service quarity. Especially one of your staff is very rude. 
Visited for first time just before lockdown for my birthday. Arrived a little late. When we walked in we apologised but was greeted by a male waiter who told us off for being late and treated us like school children. Made a really big deal in a very loud voice with many of the tables turning to look at us. Apologised again. Felt it was unnecessary, as no other table could have been squeezed in after us. Disappointing start to the meal.  
Came here as the restaurants I wanted to go to were either before security or had not yet opened (despite the information on the heathrow website). My review is for the terminal 5 restaurant. Service was quick and my waitress Anna was very attentive and fantastic. Waiters were constantly checking on you which was nice as you never had to struggle to get anyone's attention or worry about time. I had the beetroot risotto and chocolate fondant. The food was average, not necessarily anything I'd die to come back for but nor would I avoid the place like the plague either. I liked that there were charging points at nearly every table so you could charge your phone or work on your laptop, etc. 
This gaff was doing takeaway and delivery all through lockdown and I have to commend them for that so it was a regular fixture. The Big Smoke beers are decent, but just aren’t spectacular. 
This is my second visit - I returned here based upon my last.  
Having eaten at the Brewhouse previously, we were surprised when we were told that the Brewhouse menu wouldn’t be available and we would need to order from the pub menu. We probably wouldn’t have made a reservation has we known this. The burgers we ordered were overcooked and hard on the outside and raw on the inside, and tasted like a frozen birds eye burger. Considering the price charged, this was disappointing. The service was friendly and efficient, but we felt that there wasn’t sufficient care taken to distance from customers when serving food and drink or when handling plates, cutlery etc. We won’t be returning in a hurry! 
Very friendly and helpful staff, good selection of drinks, sadly let down by terrible and very over priced food! Will visit only for drinks in future 
After hearing so many great reviews for the Rock and Rose, I was really looking for to going there for the first time, especially as it was with a group of friends who had seen each other for 35 years! 
Nice food.  
Location is great. Food is OK. The entire strip along the river has some really great restaurants to eat in.  
Came here with my partner for my pre-flight meal, nothing special, looks better then it tastes! Service was so so, I would recommend to wait until your inside the departure hall of you want to eat, the good thing was that they had gluten free options 
We had a large party of people (20+). They got our arrival time wrong, I was told the odd additional attendee could be catered for, it wasn't. All food was served on cold plates ( roast dinner) Food was good although some had cold veg. And the bill was cocked-up ( in our favour) which I queried but wasn't acted upon till later, after I left. 
Lunched with a friend. Opted for the 2 course lunch menu. We ordered the Samosa Chat, Fish fingers, Chicken Tikka masala and Mattar Paneer with Naan bread. Food was okay, nothing special. However restaurant is worth a visit for it's ambience overlooking the river. Service was satisfactory but the bill took ages to arrive despite asking for it 3 times. Finally had to get up and go over to the till to pay. Not a place I would visit again in a hurry. 
The food was ok, nothing to write home about. Expensive for what is servedas I expected a better level of food. I have had better indian food, so will not hurry back. 
Went her with family for dinner and booked a table. Told we had a 6pm-8pm slot. No problem. Did get a bit p1ssed off when got told two or three times from 7:15pm onwards that we had to leave by 8pm. Yes. We know!!! And we will!!! Stop going on about it! 
Went here on Friday 28th Feb for a family birthday.  
Yesterday, Tuesday 9th of July 2019, we went to the Riverside and looked at a few restaurants. We were a family of 8, including two kids, and were attracted by the notice board outside the restaurant advertising a Dinner Offer for £ 14.99 (see copy in photo). So in we went and after we were all settled at the table we asked for the menu for the dinner offer and to our surprise we were told that it only applied until 7 pm (it was 7:15 pm by then) even though nowhere on the board, flier or elsewhere was this time restriction mentioned. We felt we had been tricked into entering the restaurant but by then the kids were hungry and moaning so we didn't have the energy to go elsewhere and ended up staying. 
A new place nicely decorated and clean. Great location. The scallops were amazing but a bit pricey. Had a chicken curry which was good but a bit salty all in all not bad. Have had better  
Six of us for dinner (4 adults 2 kids) Staff were amazing, very friendly and attentive. Lovely room - great space! Food was ok - nothing particularly to write home about and I think over priced. For six of us the price was £220 - that is with 2 kids and only 3 of the adults having 2 beers each! I don’t like having to pay extra for veg and chips - especially when ordering a burger I think this should come automatically with chips! Nice but wouldn’t go back. 
The Food was good but when I ordered my take away the guy was so rude because I made a mistake and wanted to change one thing he started to make his body language knotted his head. Was Deep breathing several time really annoying, me that I made a £50 order he should be thankful. He should train himself for customer service. 
We have eaten here a handful of times in the last few few years, the food is always excellent but the customer service, this time, had really gone downhill.  
Stopped here for breakfast, place looked nice and atmosphere quite good. Coffee was good and staff friendly and efficient. However, food was stone cold, obviously pre prepared. Shame.  
This place is always packed so you do feel a bit packed in and on a conveyer belt. Our starter really needed seasoning but was ok once we added that. I loved my main but my partner was quite disappointed with his kebab.  
I popped in for breakfast before a flight to France. Despite the restaurant not being busy and me taking a seat by the entrance, I had to wave my arms to get the staff’s attention to ask for a menu. I ordered the Oriel Grande Breakfast (£12.95), a coffee and an orange juice. Minutes later the waitress returned to ask me to confirm my drinks order. With three staff serving a handful of tables, I watched as my food sat on the counter for a full 5 minutes. Kitchen staff repeatedly asked for service. None arrived. My waitress walked past the counter three times without picking up any food. When my now congealed breakfast eventually arrived, it turned out to be the smaller standard breakfast and not the full Oriel Grande. Black pudding, extra toast and bacon, another sausage and tomato were served separately once I had pointed out the mistake. My total bill came to £18.95. Oriel is convenient, has really useful sockets at the table to charge mobile phones before flights and has a nice brasserie menu. But someone really needs to shake up service and management. 
I went there on Friday 6th Dec with work colleagues. We booked the table over the phone for 7.30. Whilst we were waiting for others to arrive, they asked us to place orders and told us we would have to leave by 9.30. I felt we were rushed to place orders.  
I eat pretty much all over London and heard my cousins raving about this place. We made a reservation a week in advance as we know it’s very busy. Before we even ordered our food one if the waiters asked if we could leave by 9pm as they had other customers coming. I was in disbelief and we obviously replied with “we don’t know, let’s see how it goes”. Please avoid the chicken wings, mustard and lime as you will regret it. Horrible chicken taste and the flavour was ok. We had the American burger which I would recommend and the steak fillet as well as the rib eye was nice. Sauces were decent at around £2.50 a pot. The Mojito was basic, and at £4 probably over priced. Jacket fries were nice and the salad was decent. So a decent meal however the service needs to be improved and the wings and mojito was poor. Parking is expensive with restrictions up to 9pm. We are in Barking and not Westminster. Overall I would visit again, not in a mad rush at £32 per head. 
Haven’t been in a while and to be honest it has become a bit of a disappointment, it’s still cozy but the atmosphere has been lost 
Visited here with my husband and three other couples for dinner on a Friday evening. Cocktails were great here but unfortunately the service wasn’t brilliant. My husbands starter didn’t come out until the rest of the group had almost finished theirs and the two steaks that were meant to be the same (in rareness) were worlds apart when we cut into them. Such as shame as the restaurant is beautiful. The waiter we had was very disinterested. 
My partner and I tried Chakra, on a recommendation from a friend. The food was good, although some of the dishes in the sharing menu were quite bland. The decoration is nice and elegant, and the big plus is the open window on Kingston Bridge and the river Thames - brilliant location! However, the background music (Indian dance) was far too loud, the staff obviously didn't communicate (we were asked the same questions again and again by different members of staff). The 200ml Coke bottle costed £3.50 and there was a surprise £6 table charge. Overall, a nice experience but we will not come back, nor advice it to friends - overpriced for what it delivers.  
Having been in the area last night and reading reviews, we booked a table and were not impressed. Firstly, the waitress was very short and quite abrupt. We had to wait for a while before our order was taken, to then be told that most of the steaks were off the menu, including the porterhouse which is what we wanted. Whilst taking our order, we were given sarcastic answers to simple questions. As well as the wait, we were not given any water and had to literally walk over to the waitress for any requests, including our bill.  
Dined here on a Saturday evening. Started off well with cocktails at the bar. Went to table and ordered starters and main. When ordering the rib-eye steak I got told they can only cook it to medium-well, strange? Challenged it with another waitress who apologised and said our waitress had gotten it wrong. Retook order with steak being medium-rare. Steak came and it was cooked well done. My issue is the staff training is poor and on a busy Saturday evening you expect half decent service. They took the cost of the steak off the order but left the automatic 12.5% service charge on drinks and food with I wouldn’t have paid given a choice. Shame, with correct attentive training for staff could have been a different review being left. 
I was excited to try this place, we visited on a Saturday evening. It was quite busy but not full. The food was stunning, truly delicious, as were my cocktails.  
Food was OK but wouldn't recommend the mixed grill. Was not impressed by the service - waiting far too long for mains and then 20 mins to pay! 
We went as a family. The service was nice and so were the waitress. The food was definitely slightly different to the normal curry house. Some better some not. The fish was good but the vegetarian platter was not so good.  
I took an International business colleague and we both felt uncomfortable as we had a 1 main and 2 Vegetarian sides with 2 Nans. The reaction 'appeared', is this all you want. We know our appetite and even with what we ordered we had left overs. There was also no flexibility with the menu, in that a set dish for 2 could not be provided for 1. In this era where we talk of minimizing food wastage, this is poor. 
Been here a few times as couples but thought we would try it for a works party. Unfortunately being put against the wall accommodated everyone but made it very hard to exit for the toilets etc. Dancing was excellent entertainment and the food was tasteful. For some reason the food did not flow and seemed to be less than normal for the fixed meal option and drinks were slow. Maybe an off night. 
Great decor, great menu, friendly staff but I think judging on my previous fishery protection position the lobster I had was slightly under size! (Illegally landed) Hopefully I was wrong and this was a one off  
It used to be a lot better. We visited this place twice within a fortnight and the inconsistency in food was a dampener.  
We booked the table online and when we arrived we had to wait 40 minutes for the table. No one offered us anything complimentary to drink or eat while waiting at the table outside to compensate for the long wait. No one provided us with an update on how long the wait would be. At one point we considered going to a different restaurant. Finally, when we lost hope someone invited us in. To be fair, it was a busy weekend so perhaps it does not reflect its usual service. 
Went there with a group of friends. The place is nice, location as well.  
This used to be a 'Buzzy, Cool, Cosy, Fun, Glamorous' place to dine and enjoy delicious fusion cuisine and a cocktail. However, in the last couple of years, the service has diminished, the food is no longer 'extraordinary' and it is seemingly overpriced.  
Initially I had no intention of stopping here to have lunch, but merely stopped to take a look at the menu in curiosity. However, after being accosted by a relentless salesman who seemed VERY reluctant to allow my departure, I assented to trying some 'Hearty Indian Cuisine'. Besides, the sun was shining and the view of the river was stunning. The menu was rather limited although the food was presented very nicely. Portion sizes were reasonable and there were lots of punchy flavours with good quality meat used. I also asked for an extra naan which- to my shock- I subsequently found was an extra £3. Rather extortionate in my opinion just for an extra piece of bread.  
Business lunch on a recommendation.. 
Well I'd start off by saying that the food was great, assuming that you like French food. At times, the service was odd. For example, asking for the red wine to be opened for breathing, only to find it hadn't been. I questioned the table about whether I had actually said this out loud, but apparently I had, it was just ignored ! 
This Twickenham [St Margarets] restaurant is a bit of a puzzle. It is titled and presented as a French Restaurant but offers only Italian Beer and Italian bottled Water: the Chef/Patron is a pleasant Italian chap so .... 
Looks nothing like the picture so thought we had the wrong restaurant. Food was good. We had the set menu and couldn’t finish it all. Starters were excellent with good portion sizes. Staff were lovely and friendly. We were too early for the belly dancing but it looked very popular as the place was packed when we left. 
We've been to Chakra 3 times since it's opened. It's great to have a proper Indian restaurant in the neighborhood, as Rozaana was our only decent option till now.  
I have visited Cristina's Steak restaurant a handful of times and it is usually very nice food. However the attitude of the manager i spoke to while making a complaint i left feeling upset and frankly embarrassed to have an allergy. 
The place is very vibrant and nice, but the food was average. The lobster was advertised as a great offer, but it was really a bit disappointing. 
The food is good but expensive for what you get, e.g. £5 for pilau rice and the Oyster Bay wine is a price shocker. The service is very good. I realise the location is expensive to rent a restaurant but I think the atmosphere could be improved if the prices were brought down which may attract more customers. It feels a mid-range restaurant but with fine dining prices, based on a starter, main with sides and half a bottle of wine. 
A pub that is quite central in the local area of Surbiton. Food was average. Chicken burger was very dry. Soup was OK, not great. A good atmosphere and very busy. Will definitely visit again and try other options on the menu. Staff were amazing. Friendly, chatty and efficient. 
Good food, convenient location, and generally good service. Nice selection of wine, and quite enjoy the truffle fries. Best option for a more exclusive meal in terminal 3. 
Sunday evening 7.p.m. We had tried to book late morning but no answer on the phone and no response to message left and on-line option was not available. Apart from 2 tables restaurant was empty but we were given table next to toilets. Asked to be moved but told that rest were all reserved even though the whole of one side of restaurant and half of other side remained empty until around 8.30. Water was supplied but it was not chilled. Neither was Prosecco so had to ask for ice bucket. We were served by 2 members of staff. Neither were going out of their way to be helpful but one was worse than the other. Was very abrupt, unfriendly and unresponsive. Our bill said that we had been served by Cristina. Hopefully it wasn’t the Cristina that the restaurant is named after! Food was fine hence not totally bad review however I ordered steak which said ‘ rump steak-10 oz- great served with pepper sauce which I took to mean it was served with pepper sauce. I didn’t therefore ask for pepper sauce but it came with pepper sauce so assumed it was inclusive therefore was not happy when the pepper sauce was added as an extra onto bill. It wasn’t mentioned in relation to other steak options where therefore it may have been clearer that sauces were optional. We only took that option as the 6 oz steak option wasn’t available. Reluctantly they reduced the bill but waitress showed her annoyance in an obvious way by her facial and body gestures right next to us-puffing and blowing and glaring. Even without the complaint regarding the sauce, they were over an hour producing our main which they agreed was an error and was down to malcommunication but at the time there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant! Had we not been subjected to their delay we could have been in and out before any of their ‘nicer’ tables were occupied and had a more enjoyable experience. Am disappointed as was special occasion for us and was looking forward to the experience due to the mainly positive reviews. 
Not many places for lunch in Barking so the lunchtime menu here is my default. Would be nice to have a couple more salad options on the lunch menu. Had the steak burger in brioche bun. Nice sauce. We went after 2pm so by the time we had finished our meal we were the only ones left and felt little guilty when the s 
I booked a table for 6.30pm to enjoy an evening of good food and fine wine with some friends - we were 4 in total. We arrived pretty much on time, had a lovely starter, main was amazing along with a couple of bottles of good wine. We were waiting for our desserts to be delivered when we were approached by the waitress who said 'chef has asked if you can leave soon please as we have another booking for this able at 8.30' ! I was floored! None of us could actually believe we were being asked to leave less than 2 hours after we had sat down. If we had sat there and ordered nothing I could understand it, but we spent some considerable amount on our meals and we didn't skimp on our wine choice either! Unfortunately this did spoil our evening somewhat, although we did leave as requested after giving them a hefty amount of money for the privilege of being allowed in their restaurant for 2 hours! 
Myself and my wife usually go to Surbiton for a quality Indian restaurant but I had heard an advert on the radio fir Chakra so decided to try it. We attended with 4 friends and the atmosphere is nice and the restaurant clean and well decorated. We were sat on a table supposedly for 6 but more like 4 as when all of the dishes and drinks arrive it is difficult to find enough room on the table. 
Four of us booked to go here on Saturday night for 8pm. I had booked this online several days before. I then received a call on the actual day saying they can't accommodate us at that time and pushed us back by 30min. This was not a major issue so agreed. I then receive another call later on saying they can now accommodate us for 8pm. Was not the best start. 
Despite the staff being friendly and the atmosphere being lively, the food fails to match. I've eaten here twice now (as we only live around the corner) and both times I've had to send food back.The prices are far too expensive for the lack of quality and cooking.  
I have been in this restaurant twice. First time we all ordered from lunch menu 10.99 for 2 courses which included drinks as well. Food portions were small but were good value for money. The next time we ordered from original menu and portions were better but not too generous and pricey however there was %25 off as an opening offer. I loved chutney and Papadom and food was good. 
Lebanese night restaurant in Windsor offers a great dining experience accompanied with belly dancing entertainment. Cosy place, friendly staffs. Food is moderate. The service is slow and they keep forgetting what you ordered. Being Lebanese I would have expected more. 
Had been recommended this restaurant by family, some referring to it as their favourite restaurant ever... Perhaps it was the high expectations set but I was slightly disappointed. The food was lovely, however it did feel like they were rushed off their feet when there actually wasn't many people in there. Our starters arrived, yet still no drinks and it was only when we asked shortly before our mains arrived that they brought our drinks over. Their customer service was good though as they gave us our drinks for free 
I gather that the idea here is the concept of taking the Indian meal to fine dining and charging accordingly. 
The restaurant was a little dark & unwelcoming & we were given a long table close to the door. Not a problem in itself, but as there was a supplier delivery whilst we were eating the door was left open & the people nearest the door got quite cold. 
Service and attendance very good. Wine by the glass good value for money Whereas the menu was extensive with choices to suit all tastes I chose the minute steak which was difficult to cut probably due to the sharp knife ban. Although the steak was sliced in the kitchen on advice from the waiter, it still required further slicing to bite size Would choose chicken next time 
We have eaten many times here and always enjoyed it. Last week though, we ate in the evening and wanted to swap the chips and salad that came with the steak but was told that we could order extra sides but not swap. Some of our party didn't want salad and others didn't want chips and wanted sweet potato fries instead. I wouldn't mind paying a small supplement to swap out an item instead. Surely choose your steak and your sides? Not here's your steak and sides, and more sides... Chips and salad were both wasted, and to top it off, the sweet potato fries were soggy so weren't eaten. I tried the onion strips side that was amazing, the desserts were fab and so we're the cocktails, Malbec top drawer too. Please allow swaps guys? You know it makes sense. Keeps food waste down too. 
Booked in for a special family meal on Sunday lunchtime - delighted by the beautiful environment, food was generally good but plaice was v bony and let down by inattentive staff, despite few diners - it took me 4 attempts to order coffee, and the attitude of the waiter wasn’t good when I requested cappuccino -we shall eat again there hopefully for a better all round experience 
I always enjoyed this place, they have had a make over and looks nice but preferred the old. Food wasn't great and one of our dishes was cold, however the service was good. It was rather noising, but then again it seems to be a much younger crowd. Not sure if we will come back again perhaps next time we will try lunch as it may well be quieter. 
We were looking for somewhere to eat before a flight and it being terminal 4, there’s limited places for food and nothing halal. This restaurant stood out as it was modern and looked high end from the outside. There was no one to welcome us so we seated ourselves. We had to call the waitress a couple of times before she gave us menus. Drinks were served quickly. We ordered the truffle mac & cheese, frites and a coke. The menu was expensive as expected with it being Airport prices. We had a long wait for food to be served, and it was only 2 items. The truffle mac and cheese was delicious. The fries were undercooked so we had them changed, 2nd batch came quickly and it was cooked perfectly. Service needs to improve, it being more quicker and responsive, maybe the shortage in staff is the problem, one waitress for approx 8 tables?  
Came in with a group of friends as we were have a work do. Food was very nice, however service was horrendous. 
The food was wonderful, really excellent but fish was served without fish knives and the atmosphere was stilted despite the good music playing faintly in the background Might go back for the food but not for an occasion as it would feel awkward. Not a place for fun. 
Had I reviewed this restaurant on a previous occasion, I possibly would have given them an all-star rating. Unfortunately, not so on this occasion for more reasons than one.  
With a big selection of craft beers and a great atmosphere it is busy with local Surbitonians. We ordered the German sausage platter and luckily we had a pup with us to eat the extra bratwurst - the two of us couldn't get through it!  
I stopped by I think at a rare quiet time and was seated quickly, service was a bit slow but I did not, I suppose, state I was in any hurry and like many restaurants in airports I believe you can say I am in a hurry and get the food done faster. 
Despite restaurant being empty we were given the worst seats in the restaurant. The restaurant was empty bar two other couples in the far corners of the restaurant. We asked to move and were told to take our pick. Not a great start, as the restaurant was empty.  
Popped in for an evening drink and thought the atmosphere was great. The food looked very nice too. Unfortunately the music was unbearably loud so we didn't stay too long. It really is such a shame- I just don't understand why pubs/restaurants think that people want to shout over each other to have a normal conversation?! We'll be back again if they turn it down..!  
This place is always a great place to eat. Although this time some of things werent right for our visit this time  
nice place very busy and loud felt like every one was cramped in small place. food is pricey . good service 
We went with a couple of friends to try some new in Windsor outside of our usual haunts. We opted for the set menu which was far too much food for us (we could have stopped after the starter), despite being very good value. I would recommend ordering individual dishes rather than the full set menu. 
The atmosphere is great, as are the belly dancers, but the food is unfortunately tasteless. It was so disappointing. I had the spinach and cheese parcels to start and literally couldn't taste a thing. The main at least tasted of something, but all came out at different times so some were cool by the time we were able to start. It's a great shame because it has a lovely celebratory atmosphere. 
Myself and my friend visited this place yesterday for a late lunch there was one other table of 2, so we had avocado ke goli which is poor as it is salty however the beet root sauce with that is amazing, Yam chat in my personal opinion didn't blend together with the ingredients and also very dry not enough sauce, then lamb chops which are burnt, lamb seesh kebab which are ok and we had a mutter paneer again just ok we also had a truffle Nan but hardly any truffle in it. 
We wanted to try authentic Indian food. It's a pity but our experience was not very successful. Food was rather good, but service was poor. The manager tried to improve it, but I am not sure we will go there next time. We should also add, that it's the most expensive restaurant on the Riverside. 
Four of us went for lunch today and we were all a bit disappointed. I've always been a big fan of this restaurant, mainly because of the great "French" atmosphere and the fresh and tasty food. It's been great value on the previous four occasions I've been.  
A stylish restaurant - but was not impressed with the Maitre D's attitude when we arrived at 8.10 for an 8.00 booking as he was rather rude and made a big fuss about us being late! The restaurant was half empty as mid week. This was not a good start to our first visit, and my behaviour made this clear. The Maitre D realised I was not impressed and then decided to behave in a more attentive way during our meal. The food was good but small portions for the large price! 
Le Salon Prive is what was previously the lovely Brula. Always first rate but as the years rolled by, increasingly expensive and with the opening of the nearby Crown, that took the local title for restaurant you go to on a very regular basis and Brula was for special occasions only. 
The food can not be faulted, the lamb adana was tasty (not cooked enough for my liking but I'm fussy).  
Chakra opened on Kingston riverside earlier this month and we're big fans of a proper Indian restaurant so thought we'd give it a go. The location is lovely, right next to Kingston Bridge with views out over the river, the restaurant has bi-fold windows at the front so it's really open and light inside. Our first impressions were of three members of staff waiting in the doorway to greet customers, this was a little excessive and would have put us off if we didn't have a reservation.  
Firstly the food is still good, just stating that from the outset BUT the portion sizes have changed for the worse. The portions of chips/fries we were served were tiny, literally a handful per person. Whilst the portion sizes were never huge for the money you would expect an 'OK' sized portion of chips as they are the cheapest component of the meal. 
I wrote a very lengthy review but lost it all so I'm just going summarise. 
3rd time my wife has been served inedible food here. Such a shame. Twice it's been fixed, cold food reheated etc. This time they did not bother. The beef ribs were completely inedible and only half a cup of chips as well. I would avoid these if offered to you. Sent back to the kitchen, offered a free drink but that is not food. Hopefully they will either cook them properly or take them off the menu now. 
Had late lunch here recently with two girlfriends - beautiful outside patio table, great decor but painfully slow service given that there were no other customers at the time. However, the gin and tonics (when they finally arrived) were really good and all the food was great. Chilli squid, halloumi, chicken Milanese, crispy sea bass, curry and sharing dessert plate all excellent. Real shame about the service, we got a bit fed up having to call and wave for service every time. 
There is only a handful of choices to eat in Heathrow airport and Oriel is one of them. The prices were reasonable. Location is perfect if you’re waiting for a flight. Service was rather slow but the staff were courteous. I loved the lobster mac n’ cheese, but the Oriel burger was quite dry and the sauce was bland. Also, the onion soup didn’t taste like it was freshly prepared. 
Went here with the family and had a very enjoyable evening. the dancers were a nice touch and food was good. 
Had very high hopes for the restaurant, but sadly we were given a table hidden away from the good atmosphere in the main area. I then ordered both the sea bass, followed by the miso cod, only to be told on separate occasions that they did not have any left. It’s a shame this wasn’t communicated at the start and the service was slow to respond. In the end I paid £10 extra to have lobster, my third choice! The food itself was nice, but expensive. 
Its an ok place and food is tasty...we only come here occasionally but would recommend heading outside as its a bit stuffy indoors. Its got lots of real ales - being kind lets assume its those that smell rather the male funk from the inevitable beary beardies. Not recommeded for romance or families. 
The steak portion was big, cake with chips and salad. I got the rib eye, and it was £23, sauces were £3.5, I opted for peppercorn. There was enough sauce for the steak. The steak was simple and had enough salt, and a good amount of fat. Ideally I would want to give 3.5, it would have been 4 if it melted in my mouth. Otherwise all good and would go again. I tried a bite of their mac n cheese burger and that was also nice. Can’t comment much as I just had one bite. But would recommend both. 
Cappadocia has been a stable favourite for us as a family over the years but this visit was a bit disappointing. 
Stopped off for a bite before a flight; my original choice of venue (the Strada, nearby) apparently had closed up so as queues looked long around other places, I tried this one. 
Unfortunately the word “average” has negative connotations and it shouldn’t. There isn’t anything wrong with average, it just means it’s reproducible by most restaurants and that’s the case here. Great decor and cocktails but the food wasn’t memorable.  
I read quite a few reviews in regards to this place on Instagram. The restaurant opened slightly late and I must say I was slightly disappointed with the food. I would rate it an average of 6/10. However customer service was good staff was friendly and attentive. 
We went here for lunch, using a voucher. While the restaurant is comfortable, unhurried and generally relaxed, we did feel that the vegetarian option - the only one, was very poor and let the restaurant down. Using some flaky pastry and a few vegetables, notably peas, shows little imagination and is by no means comparable to the meat or fish dishes, which were fine , if unexciting.  
We went to The Antelope as they advertise a 'vegan burger' which suits my partners dietary requirements (which are a result of allergies not personal preference), we went there to order food and drinks. Firstly, the drinks were phenomenally expensive compared to all other pubs in the area and when we went to order food they didn't have the vegan option, so the waiter offered everything which was decidedly non vegan with no attempt to accommodate us or try to speak to the kitchen. It ended with him shrugging his shoulders and asking for the money for the drinks. Considering the nice vibe of the pub and the wonderful outside seating area we were suprised at this frankly odd service. 
We had mac and cheese with lobster and prawns. It was quite tasty and there was a little lobster but neither of us spotted any prawns. We didn't have to wait for a table although the airport and the restaurant were busy, and the food and drinks were served promptly. The seating is desperately in need of a refurbish. 
We all enjoyed our food, which was traditional French and good quality. The restaurant is quite formal in style and the service matched that. However it was also very slow and we had to keep asking for things, despite the fact it was relatively quiet. E.g. It was 40mins before our wine was served. I felt it was a bit like stepping back in time but not in a good way! Bit more warmth and prompt service would make a real difference.  
We had a few hours layover in Heathrow - never much fun but better than running through the place. We stopped here only because we saw some empty tables and figured we'd get a seat. Service was prompt and friendly enough but the food was very average. Atmosphere nice enough too in fairness. 
We booked for a lovely valentines meal. It was a set menu which was over priced I thought for the quality of food. I had free range chicken breast which was very dry and tasteless . My partner had the lamb which he also said was tough and tasteless. 
Happy to serve waitress, food ok, quick service.  
A fast food turkish resturaunt The food is always fresh cooked well and seasoned perfection.Lunchtime and early evening the best times to visit as later on there are some unwanted guests making a nuisance of themselves either just outside of inside 
Having never been to Rock & Rose previously, but heard good things from several of my clients, we decided to pay a visit. I booked a table for two to celebrate a wedding anniversary the following evening. It was explained at the time of booking, that the 6.30pm table would be needed again 2 hours later which, having checked that we could stay for a drink at the bar, I was fine with. When we arrived, it was mentioned again by the person who seated us, which was grating, but no big deal.  
Now I like my salt on things but when I tucked into my king prawn starter (which looked great) I was taken aback at how salty it was. It should have been lovely as everything on the plate was really good. 
My first visit here was something of a disappointment, but I will give it another try as it is dog friendly and there is a micro-brewery at the back, meaning good beer. What let it down was the food. I had what I think was supposed to be a beef stew but it amounted to a bowl of soup which was rather pricey at, I think, about £12. My friend had the lamb shank which was a bit over-cooked. Maybe it'd been around a bit too long as we were late lunch diners. All said the pub has a good atmosphere and I will be back - if I'm allowed! 
So we visited her with couples and family for food and drinks. 
With the limited, but varrying choices across the terminal, I thought a french braiserrie will be the best option for lunch. 
Went for my partners birthday as per recommendation, 
We went here as a family of 3 for Sunday Roast before Lockdown 1 happened! Mainly for the reason its Halal but also because everytime I booked I could NEVER get a table which made me want to go even more!  
Not knowing Kingston we couldn't find anywhere inspiring to eat. We liked Turkish food, needed to get on the train afterwards, so this one sounded fine. And it was fine. Busy, bright, large dining space, nice atmosphere. But ... I tried to find something superb to say about it, as others have done. All I can think of is that it was nice. We had a nice bottle of Turkish red house wine. We shared several hot tapas, which were nice. But nothing felt special or had the wow factor. I think I need to come again and have some of the food that reviewers are very complimentary about. It's certainly worth a visit. And I would come back. 
I never wanted to go here as from the outside it doesn't look appealing but it was recommended repeatedly by friends and I accepted a group invite to try it. 
I decided on impulse to have breakfast at the counter one Saturday morning. It was VERY busy and loud. I ordered a pot of tea and a breakfast with pouched eggs. Tea arrived but I had to wait absolutely ages for the breakfast. Three people were served their food before me despite the fact that they arrived well after me. I eventually had to enquire about my food.....could tell staff were overstretched. Still waited another age before it arrived. Had to order another coffee at that stage. Breakfast was delicious but honestly the wait was too long. Maybe attend earlier or book a table. 
You can have varieties of curries and chappathies. Alu paratta is very tasty. Fruits drinks are also very good 
Went here as we had guests that would only eat at a pure vegetarian restaurant. Was put off before even walking in by the hygiene score on the door (3 out of 5). We went on a Sunday evening and it was pretty quiet when we got there which was good as we didn't have to wait for a table or struggle to hear each other, the restaurant got a bit busier as the evening went on. They kept alcohol by photos of Gods which I found bizarre. The service was ok (to be honest I felt sorry for the waiters as I doubt they were paid reasonably or in a great situation) but the food was just pretty average. Ordered a few things (can't remember all) but these included a few starters, masala dosa, idli, paneer tikka masala, naan, etc. all of which were fine but average, I've had better in other Indian restaurants. The soft drinks we ordered were all multipack cans that clearly said not to be sold separately adding to the shabby vibe of the place. 
Went for a Tuesday business lunch. Place welcoming and not that busy so nice and quiet. had table at the back. Great selection of beers and was welcome to try a few.  
We have ate here 3 times and the food is good, no complaints. 
Good food - their lamb doner is very good. We had a pleasant evening out but compared to other Turkish restaurants, it's nothing special.  
We visited this restaurant because (1) of the rating it had on Trip Advisor and (2) we were looking for an alternative cuisine. We were a group of six and none of us had eaten Lebanese before. Okay, none of us are in the first flush of youth but the only way we could all read a menu was by using our mobiles as a torch! We let the waitress choose a platter as a starter. Generally this was well received but again better lighting would have helped us see what it was we were eating! A lot of the dishes we had were lamb, as this seemed to be the most prevalent meat. Not only was this plentiful, for instance one lady received a meal of no less than six chops, but quite delicious. My wife however had fish and she got the impression that this had been fried in quite deep oil/fat. None of us had tasted Lebanese wine before. The bottles we had were very quaffable if somewhat pricey. (c£19.50 for a cheaper wine). 
We arrived at 7.45. We left at 9.24. In that time we just had a main course, and cancelled the coffee after a ten minute wait. That's it. 
Went for work outing. Good attentive service from waiters but hugely overpriced for average dishes. Interesting decor and nice cozy layout of some tables in secluded sections. However, this did not make up for the overpriced food. 
Food is good enough - nice Surti style - some might not like too much sweetness in all curries. Their parathas are the best. Service is not that great and I did not like the seating arrangements . It gets quite noisy so you can not hear your self. I have been there several times mainly as I am vegetarian. Definitely worth at-least one visit - after that you make up your mind 
Booked on line and showed to a table and given a menu. Now I don't like peppers whether they be red, green or yellow and almost every main dish included them. It was 15 minutes before anyone came to take our order for a drink. We had a nice bottle of red wine and some water. It was then about another 20-25 minutes before the order was taken for our starters which were then brought out quite quickly. We were two thirds way through our starter and then the waiter said your main course is ready - shall I bring it out now? We told him to wait untill we finished our starters. All during this time was playing freneitic Lebanese music - there did not seem to have any quieter tracks at all. The meals and starters were tasy but all meat based with rice or couscous. No salad or vegetables served. This lively atmosphere might suit a large group of young people but not us. It was not relaxing - a long time to get any food and then they tried to serve it in a rush. Will not be going back. 
Goes further back than it seems when you first step inside. Nice enough selection of beers and ales, decent buzz. 
This should be a great local restaurant and one to which you would want to return regularly. 
Food was excellent, service was good, but we were placed on a table that should not have existed. I was half sat in a corridor with the chair being constantly knocked by the serving staff and cold wind every time the front door was opened. There were just too many tables for the size of the restaurant. the music was loud which meant people were shouting to be heard, making a very noisy environment 
Food is OK very average nothing to boast about. price is reasonable . the service needs to be improved you need to fag down waiters to get attention and service. and the starters never come together and ehwn they come the chutneys are somoe times forgoten 
Our food was okay, and the service was better than average, but Sara the hostess not only forgot the fact that we asked her for two knifes but was also patronising when reminded of it telling us that we could ask a waiter after all shes the hostess. 
We went to the restaurant Friday evening because we wanted to try something different, and to be honest I was really balled over about the food and presentation. It seemed really basic and bland and felt that no effort was put into the plates. Wouldn't go back. 
Good range of beers. Not so keen on the ones brewed in house. They all have the same underlying flavour and definitely all follow the trend of London Murky .. Food is pretty forgettable. Usually overcooked and fairly greasy. I'll still continue to visit because all the other pubs in Surbiton are awful beyond words. 
Good menu for Sunday lunch and reasonably priced but steak was overcooked and the Yorkshire puddings were black and inedible. When this was pointed out no apology was made. One waiter could not tell the difference between chicken and steak which was rather amusing. Certainly would not recommend this restaurant. 
Popped in to meet friends, very busy, nice beer garden at the back. Friendly atmosphere, plenty of places to sit even though it was busy. Seems very popular, will definitely go back for an evening with friends, also great location 
Been here first time the food tasted of charcoal and service ok.  
One of our favourite places for weekend brunch. Popped in for a coffee and were sadly disappointed. The coffee had been run through too long and the milk was too hot and not silky microfoam befitting a Flat White. Please upskill your baristas as we do so love the food and ambience of this place. 
Went to the fallow deer through recommendation and promise of the best breakfast in teddington. Although it was a short lived promised due to the fact the price to food ratio being incredibly average. Paying the prices you are for the food you would expect a monster plate but only received minimal food. Although the food was fairly nice, I received a more then average coffee and less so service. 
Brula was one of my favourite restaurants with a lovely mix of value and quality. I am sad to say that my first visit to the recently taken over 'Le Salon Prive' was mediocre. The food was below that of the Brula but not by much however the community and friendly feel of the previous team has been completely removed. We were rushed through and all done in under two hours leaving an empty restaurant at 10pm. The prices have increased but the service and ambience have decreased. Real shame.  
Food is ok. Reasonably priced. Huge breakfast. Lovely Eggs Benedict. Got our order very muddled up. Had to be re-cooked. Sorted in the end. Expected better from Oriel. Nice staff though. 
It all seemed a bit plastic with no atmosphere and the service was slow unless you wanted a table to dine and then they were very helpful. I just wanted a couple of drinks before my flight and found it difficult to get served. The Malbec was a steep £7.80 and the selection of bottled beer wasn't good. It seemed the only place for a drink so they have the monopoly. 
Friendly, helpful staff, great scrambled eggs, quiet booths, staff happy to create your own plate . Very reasonable for airport. 
+ Great atmosphere and decor 
Stopped in here for my layover. Got the vegetable risotto and beer, which I enjoyed. It's a nice setting for an airport restaurant. Service was a little slow, so wouldn't recommend this place if you're in a rush. 
Very average all round really. Nothing stands out as being special. 
Had the English Breakfast but it was terrible. Old bacon that was hard as leather and potatoes were hard. Service ok but will not return  
Unpleasant experience in this Restaurant. Ordered steak, however they didn’t had a proper knife. The knife was so funny and so difficult to use. Good ambiance and good staff.  
I love visiting Oriel in T3 and so decided to try this one. 
Decent food for airport fare. Grilled chicken baguette came ice cold after a long wait. When sent back, it returned microwaved 90 seconds later. I spoke to the manager, who apologized and made one fresh. It was quite good. You will pay airport prices, but at least was a great pot of tea.  
I'd heard a lot about this place so I thought I'd give it a go this lunchtime. The place was full and buzzing - a great start. As the burger sounded exactly my type of burger - served pink, I went for it. It arrived with a large bun, loads of rosemary salted chips and not much else. A little rocket and some cooked onion pieces (boiled?) but no mayo or tomato or cheese or bacon or anything like that. Ah well I thought - the burger will speak for itself and probably doesn't need the extras. In fact the burger looked wonderful - pink inside and nice and crumbly. Sadly it looked far better than it tasted. In fact it seemed to have had a taste bypass. I ordered some horseradish to get some taste. No one came to ask me if I was happy with the food. I mentioned it to the girl when I paid. She gave a minimalistic "sorry" but was not concerned. 
A great restaurant but the service left lots to be desired, at least with our server anyway.  
You’re not spoilt for choice when it comes to eateries in Barking and imo this place ranks a lot better than the others. Met here for a business lunch. When I arrived, 12pm on a Tuesday, there was one other person at the restaurant. Within half hour the place was packed, with a small group waiting to be seated. Restaurant was clean and tidy and service was good. Choice of £6 or £7 lunch menu. I was wavering between the cod in cheese sauce and burger and in the end chose burger which I was happy about as my lunch partner chose the cod and it looked extremely dry. I asked for my burger well done but as I got toward the middle it was too pink for me to continue. It came with skin on chips. Ordered the deep fried ice-cream but the coating was horrible so I just ate a bit of the ice-cream in the middle and left the rest. 
Met friends for Brunch.  
Advising Trip adviser that this is not a restaurant. The ambience is typical of a British Pub and located in the same road as the Surbiton's Farmer's Market 
Good atmosphere and great to see a restaurant laying on some entertainment. 
The reviews made this place seem very good. Me and my husband went there for a late dinner. The food was far too oily and the mains were over loaded with tasteless meats. The were totally bland and repeated on us all night. It's atmosphere is ok but the tables are cramped together and you can't even hear yourself think in there. Won't be going back sadly.  
The hamburger , salmon were average in size and same in taste .  
I ordered a kebab in a wrap and some rice and fries for the sides. The rice was a little plain, not cooked in butter like it usually is in Turkish restaurants. The kebab had some gristle in it. So overall it was ok but nothing special, I have been to better Turkish restaurants. 
As you may be able to see from my previous reviews I have always raved about this place. I was craving their breakfast and went here on a Friday morning. The place was busy and I was given a lovely table by the window. It took ages to get the menu or be served, but I don't mind as it was busy. They did have some tempting new items on the menu but I went for the veggie. I was disappointed, there were hardly any beans on plate, the poached eggs were slightly over ( they usually get this perfect here). I'm hoping this was a one off, as it is my favourite breakfast place. 
No other choice at the terminal (prior to check in) so we had our lunch here. We waited for a long time to have our orders taken. Customer service is average, and the staff were always in a hurry to serve people. The soup does not come with any bread ! 
The cocktails were amazing especially the Bloody Mary we ordered which was the best I ever had and the bar man even brought us over on the house a Bloody Mary topped with Malbec wine which was amazing and just shows how adventurous and knowledgeable the bar men are here. The service was great, my girlfriend had the monkfish and prawn curry which she loved. I had the Fillet steak and gratin potatoes which is my favourite combination the potatoes however were stone cold which was worrying and kind of ruined what could have been a delicious meal. The waitress kindly brought me a new potatoes by which time everything else was cold. It was such a shame as everything else was fantastic.  
This local pub has amazing beers and a good atmosphere. Unfortunately the experience is spoiled at busy times by their refusal to let people book a table to eat.  
I really like this pub and the atmosphere is good. We used to enjoy eating here as they had a good choice of vegetarian food. Unfortunately the menu has changed and, while they still do the meat hot dog, they have stopped doing the vegetarian one. They used to have a few vegetarian starters too which have dropped off - only one on the menu now. Last time I was there I ordered the vegan burger (the only option), but couldn't have the chips as they aren't vegetarian (cooked in the same fryer as fish and meat). I found this to be quite disappointing - the one vegetarian option on the menu, and I couldn't even have the side to go with it. Not really acceptable, and I left feeling very hungry. If the chips aren't veggie, then come up with another vegetarian dish that doesn't call out for chips with it! This pub used to stand out for me as one with a good range of veggie options, and it's a shame this has changed and is no longer a priority. Fine for a drink, but look somewhere else if eating with vegetarian/vegan friends or family. 
I have been here lots of times before and always loved it but was left a bit disappointed after a meal here last night. The table was booked for 8.30 and although the drinks were brought very quickly we did not order food till almost 10.00 and were not eating until well after 10. 
We were really looking forward to a celebratory meal with family at this restaurant as we had been given several recommendations. Our lunch proved to be a big disappointment! First of all, the atmosphere and greeting were good and the cocktails we ordered before eating, including some non-alcoholic ones, were excellent. The starters were OK and the pork belly, in particular, very tasty. The rib-eye steaks were OK (nothing more) and both the lamb shanks (each for two) were, to put it mildly, very disappointing. The lamb was warm, undercooked, tasteless (except for the garlic!) and tough(!) in both instances. If it wouldn't have caused huge embarrassment for the guest of honour I would have sent it back and refused to pay for the lamb. I have had many, many, better meals at a half the price (the lamb was over £37!). Speaking to them afterwards, it transpired that the other couple who shared a lamb shank were equally as critical. Rock and Rose: this is the last time we shall be eating with you - you are overpriced and your food, on our experience, is well below par. 
Very expensive but value for money with different types of steaks cooked to perfection only down side the white wine was not available  
Thus seems to be the trendy place to go in Teddington but we were not very impressed. The tables are very close together and as there are no soft furnishings to absorb and sound( tiled walls too) it gets very very noisy when busy so not good for anyone a bit hard of hearing. Looked at the small garden at the back , it looked uncared for and seemed set up just for smokers.  
Nice place to catch up with friends. They sometimes have live music in the back room but don't expect to discover the next Adele honing her talents there. 
I've tried to get pancakes from this place twice. 
I am a regular at this restaurant. I love coming for a Sunday roast which is normally quite reasonable for £17 when you walk out feeling full and satisfied with the quality of the food. However as of lately the portion sizes have halved. Very disappointed as it was my favorite place for a roast. However, I am now inclined to try other more reasonable places as I feel for £17 it is no longer worth it. 
Whilst arranging a night out with a group of friends, someone suggested here and we thought we'd give it a go for something to eat and a few drinks. 
Despite having lived in Surbiton for nearly 30 years, I had never been to the Antelope as it always struck me as a grotty old man's pub. However, after seeing the good reviews, especially of the vegan burger, I decided to give it a go. Unfortunately the vegan burger was very disappointing as it was tasteless and rubbery, which is a shame as I have had some really good vegan burgers elsewhere. The chips were nice and my friend said her lamb burger was good. 
Yes they pulled the old, bad reception, credit card machine not working trick. Rather irritating as we were in a hurry and had to run round the corner to a cash machine. Food was standard lebanese stuff, with friendly service and the added bonus of belly dancing. 
not much of an authentic Lebanese food but ... the place and the service was ok. starters were perfect... meat could've benefited from a little bit more time on the grill! the girl that served us was sweet. 
This is my first TripAdvisor review, but I felt I had to write it when I saw that Lebanese Nights is ranked as no.11 restaurant in Windsor - there are far many better restaurants. 
Food ok but bit too up market for what we wanted ! Overpriced for what it is . Lovely staff and busy wasn't waiting long, just wasn't what we were looking for.  
We have been here before and returned knowing our food would be nice.  
My husband and I went for a mid week lunch. Unfortunately there were only 2 other diners in the restaurant so it was lacking in atmosphere. The food was average and we thought that there were some small 'attention to detail' let downs, such as the standard of the paintwork. We have dined here before when it was Brula. I would say that it is the same standard as it was then. Also, it's in St Margaret's, not Twickenham. 
I tried to grab a late dinner 8:30pm, sadly the food was clearly rushed, presumably so the Chef could leave as soon after the 9pm end of service. It is quite frustrating as most other times the food is amazing! Also can be very hard to get a seat. 
Nice place, quite relaxing. Am not a steak eater so not really my kind of food but a decent range of steaks to suit most tastes. My caveat is the waiting staff, helpful and pleasant but need some tuition in how to serve food. Putting a plate in front of a customer and then reaching across the same customer to serve another plate to a different customer is just not acceptable. I suggest the management needs to give some guidance in how to serve. Impossible to park in the area. Decent washroom facility. 
We visited this place on the back of the good reviews on Tripadvisor. Unfortunately the place did not live up to expectations. It might have been the fact that it was a cold wet Tuesday night in Barking, not the most hospitable places to go at the best of times! 
Came here with a group of friends earlier in the year, we all had lite bites too eat, smallish portions, but nice food. Perhaps a bit expensive. Friendly staff.  
Terminal 3 is always very busy so I came in here to catch up with some emails. The high tables have plug sockets to recharge your phone/laptop as long as you have a UK plug or adaptor.  
Good food, friendly service and very popular. Everything very positive but the decor means that acoustics are awful. Add a few lively and normal children and it becomes unbearable for anybody with a hearing impairment. Such a shame but effectively it means I have to look elsewhere. 
The decor is v.authentic and staff very nice at Le Salon. I prefer it to Brula, it's predecessor. My only complaint was the portion size of the vegetables.. I don't think £3.45 or £3.95 for 50 green beans is acceptable, the same for the spinach.. very miserly portion.. but everything else was very good. I will definitely go back.. 
We went to the restaurant (which had recently re-opened with a change of owner - used to be Brula) with a couple of good friends. 
Friendly service and nice atmosphere, with candles and set tables. 
Myabe it was because it was Sunday morning but no ornage juice left (nevermind the juice came from a box), my tablecloth had stains, when asked for tea no milk were given, when asked for a sweet dish after the savoury one no new cuttlery or plates were gien, sinc ewe were sharing with my partner we had to take turn in eating it. At the end the service chargewas added to the bill and my partner was way too nice as he paid it and it was quite a stiff one. 
Took 25 mins to give us so much as a glass of water. Ordered glass of Chardonnay and got Prosecco. When I queried I was told it was sparkling Chardonnay. Asked for wine list and pointed out it wasn't and could I now have a glass of Chardonnay. That arrived (eventually) with no apology and then to top it all, they charged me for a bottle of Chardonnay and not the 1 glass I had. Shame as food was very good and restaurant has a nice atmosphere. 
Sitting in the shadow of my own head; pedestal tables that don't match the chairs; seems to have been fitted out from eBay. 
Our friends arranged for us to meet for dinner at Brula after previously having a great experience here. Due to a dairy intolerance on my part, I was sceptical about coming to a French restaurant. I did email ahead to check that they would be able to cater for my intolerances and was very relieved to receive an email to confirm this wouldn't be an issue. However on arriving on the evening the waiter (same person who emailed me) informed me that did I not know I was in a French restaurant and that the French do mostly cook with milk & cream. At which point I was ready to leave, but due to dining with friends could not do so.  
Went here for a meal last Saturday evening. Had read the reviews and was looking forward to it good meal. The first problem was various dishes not available as was Campari to drink. However we then had a 1 hour and 40 minute wait from arriving at the restaurant to being served our first course. We were given no explanation for the delay until 10 minutes before our first course was served. We should have bee notified on arrival of there was a problem to give us the opportunity to eat elsewhere. The food when it eventually arrived was very good albeit very small portions.  
A surprisingly pleasant venue in Barking but fairly expensive for what it is. Mainly steaks & burgers but a few other dishes too. Home made burger was good and so were the skin on chips. The Hanger steak was OK but very small with cold sweet potato chips. Another table also returned their chips because they were cold. One waitress very friendly, the other one aloof. At arrival a jug of water was immediately supplied free of charge which is good. Wine OK but also fairly expensive. 
We ate lunch at this restaurant, the food that we ordered was good but not spectacular. Service was ok, but it was a bit too hot inside. 
I took a friend to Lebanese nights to try the food , I heard of the restaurant but I have never been myself . Frankly I was not very wowed , as a Lebanese myself , the food was average . The waiter recommend the set menu which I believe what most customers ordered as they are not sure what to pick from the menu . I chose few dishes from the starter menu , spicy Houmous , baba ghanouj , falafel , vine leaves , halloumi ,& few others .. I was disappointed to say that the vine leaves were a bit anemic and not full of flavours , the falafel hard and tasteless . The spicy Houmous was ok but too spicy as it kills the flavour of the real Houmous . The pickles was a bowl of cucumber and peppers and only a sliver of pickled turnip .  
Decent place for steaks. The setting is quite nice and nicely furnished. One inmprovement suggestion would be to serve proper coffee.  
We rarely visit Twickenham so we were looking forward to another chance to try Brula. On previous visits we were very impressed but it wasn't as good as it had been or should be. The food did not justify the prices and the delays for everything were excessive especially as the restaurant was nearly empty. It's a pretty poor show when you end up debating whether to forget about desert and coffee because you have already been there so long. That's profit walking out the door! It may have been an off day so we would consider returning but would not make a special trip . 
It's a while since my last visit and I was a little disappointed. Starters and puddings were good, but mains were rather average. The cheapest wine is now £19.50. Service was OK. The restaurant was sold by its founders in January. 
They serve really nice breakfast meal. However, their staff are not properly trained (no smile generally, two playing around chasing one another). 
Good steaks my companions said. I am not a steak eater so this restaurant is not my thing. Pretty limited choice if you don't eat hunks of meat. Service was poor but food largely good. I thought it was expensive for what you got, especially my burger which was pretty small. Horses for courses I guess... 
Went on a girlie (6 of us) night out here on a saturday night, the service wasn't that great, when asking for additional drinks had to keep asking for it, when the starters arrived they looked, smelt and tasted delicious but sadly there were two us without starters and had to wait and extra 10mins after everybody else's arrived. The main course arrived and some of it was not what we ordered, finally 5 of us had the right meal but again they had a problem with the order and the 6th meal did not arrive untill everybody else had finished eating and it was the veggie option that arrived and it was meant to be with lamb option!!! but everybody commented on how delicious it looked, smelt and tasted. 
We attended this restaurant with friends recently. The service was good initially but tailed off as the evening wore on. The food was reasonable. Entertainment a nice touch. However when we went there were several large parties of people in the restaurant and they became louder and louder as the night wore on , to the point where we literally couldn't hear each other! Small rather cramped restaurant. Would probably not return.  
I am from Lebanon and I wanted to give a review of this place. 
I had dinner at Mr T's with my wife while staying at the Hilton T5. We had checked it out on line and we're quite looking forward to trying it out but the reality was unfortunately not as good as we had hoped for. The restaurant is very nice and has a clean and airy feel but doesn't feel like a traditional Indian, which was fine given the contemporary feel of the hotel. The mixed starter for two was varied and promised a lot but the main courses did not deliver. I had the lamb special from the board and was disappointed with the bland tasting offering, which was just plain beyond belief. My wife always opts for the mildest dish and had the usual chicken with coconut but it was actually really fiery with quite a bit of chilli - perhaps we should have swapped! Overall, the mains spoiled the effect and I was left feeling a bit ripped off at £88 with a bottle of still water at £4.80 a pop. A shame really as we both looked forward to a different dining experience. If I go back it will be to the other restaurant. 
I am a resident of Kingston and quite regularly go to this restaurant. I usually go for a shish kebab in pita bread. Recently, I have noticed the attitudes of the till guys not very pleasant, but I just turned a blind eye and went for my quick take away. One this I noticed they serve me a raw uncooked bread. So I decided that I should tell them when pay that no white bread. The first time the guy ( long tall guy with features of a Russian girl) said Ok but served me a white bread, I just told him when the food arrived that the bread is white and not cooked, but I ate the meat and threw the bread in the bin. The second time, as soon as I walked in he said the bread is great today, but again served me white bread, I just did the same ate the meat and threw the bread in the bin. Today, I went for the usual kebab, so he said the same sentence `` the bread is great today'' I told him last time you said the same, but it was white bread, so please make sure the bread is not white. He sort of angrily said I don't cook the bread. I said I am just letting you know. When the meet was ready he took some bread put in the heating oven and then chose the whitests and un cooked one and left the fresh brown well cooked ones and started preparing the meal. I told no white bread please, and he said it is all white. i lost it and told him you deliberately chose the white bread, serve me from that brown bread. I am not begging I am paying for the service. I was really pissed off and quickly ate my meal and went to the manager and told him and decided never to walk in there again.  
I was staying in the T5 Hilton with colleagues for Business meetings and we decided to try out Mr Todiwalas Kitchen. 
I've been to this place a few times and it's always been extremely good. I took a friend and we ordered our food but the waitress lacked customer service and looked like a child with a stroppy face! Anyway that didn't put us off. The food was extremely nice but the two coffees I had were not hot in the slightest. Yeah I should of mentioned something but I didn't. Would I return? I wouldn't be rushing back let's say that.  
This restaurant is very popular orange juice, coffee and papers on a Sunday. The staff are beginning to understand they don't have to be helpful for people to come back. I would go elsewhere now as you tend to end up having to hang around for a table that folk are clinging to with the remnants of a drink. 
Good atmosphere, excellent staff. Had a bunch of overpriced mezzas (appetizers) and ended up underwhelmed. Ignore the appetizers and go for the main course. 
Food portion is small , service is just ok . Mixed grilled is nice but very small compare to Turkish restaurant all over . Good for visit once only. There r so many places around .  
Having read some very complimentary reviews I have been looking forward to trying this restarant. 
The ambiance of sitting in someone's bright kitchen around an oval table was great if you are okay with noise. The ratings of # chilis = HOT was unfortuantely not accurate ( fewer chilli dish was hotter than 3 alarm chili). Service was very good 
Always a good spot for coffee. Busy and noisy but a good buzz. The place for yummy mummies and hipsters. 
Just a nice evening out with friends. Been coming here for some years now. Good food reasonably priced. Good variety of vegetarian and the meat eaters. Nice mixture of starter deserts and of course the drinks. Great for a group. Also nice selection on the takeaway side too. 
Missed our booking time due to heavy traffic and the staff were accommodating to have our seats. Definitely from me. Food was satisfactory. I had a salmon & avocado for a starter, which was rather nice, the others had chicken wings which was okay but a bit on the salty side. Squid was also nice. I was pleased to see a variety of seafood dish to choose from. The staff were pleasant but still lacking in experience. We ordered a bottle of whitewine with a shot of creme de chassis. We got the wine but they forgot the CDC. We waited for more than 10 mins before we could have the creme de chassis. We asked two staff within a space of 10 mins. We could not wait any longer to drink our wine so my friend got up and asked at the bar which was only 5 steps from our table. Terrible. They forgot to give us 2 plates, after they serve our sharing plater as our starter.  
Big big dissapointmen! As recommended in Timeout as well as TripAdvisor as the areas best steak.... 
Went there on a Thursday night early  
Having visited over the years! Loved this restaurant, the food, the decor and the xfactor, always a first choice to bring visitors to. 
It used to be quirky , vintage crockery and good service but it's tired and my elderly parents were kept waiting for an hour for their food. Get over yourselves and get back to basics. Good service!!!!!!! Not sticky tables and disappointing loos.  
After an excellent lunch earlier in the week I took my partner for an early evening meal. We shared a mezze which proved bland and flavourless. The service appeared lacklustre as well. Shame. 
Finished off a spa day at the Hilton with a visit to Mr Todiwalas. As the othe reviews suggest, this restaurant offers Indian food that is is along way removed from standard High street fare. Decorated in a modern fresh style with attentive staff that offer advice on what to order, the food is excellent. Unfortunately our experience was to be placed at a table alongside the huge antique wooden elephant which obscured all views of the restaurant, other tables were available but not offered ( we were told that they were booked, nobody sat at them during the remainder of the evening) I had booked a table via Hilton eception but the resv. hadn't got through. My only other criticism was that my wife and I having each ordered the kitchen chef menu ( a selection of courses selected by the chef), by the time the main courses were served, we had little appetite left for the delicious foods.(we were full). When I asked to take the food away the request was refused, they don' t offer the service. At about £55 a head for our meal plus wine I was disappointed for our paid main courses to be going in the bin ( although, perhaps insultingly, they did offer to wrap up the nan bread for us), so a big thumbs down for customer satisfaction. I would recommend Mr TK for any one wishing to sample modern Indian dining, but if I were to go again I would definately be conservative with my ordering and ensure that the table offered a view of the restaurant and open kitchen... 
Nice atmosphere, good music, expensive drinks but the staff are lovely!! Love the decor, not sure a group of 20 year olds fit in though 
Love the choice of beers and cider, however having tried the starters: scotch egg and the sausages, we weren't overly impressed so decided to go elsewhere for our main. 'Pea chutney' was a small bowl of overcooked peas, hmmm 
Went there last Sunday as it was recommended by a friend. Friendly atmosphere and good service. Egg benedict a disaster: eggs overcooked and the hollandaise sauce too dry, it seems that they left it in the microwave for too long . Pity 
We've been coming here for the last couple of years and have enjoyed the lovely ambiance and terrific food. However, over the last twelve months the portions have been getting smaller and smaller. Most embarrassing for us was when we took guests and we were all presented with main courses the size of starters. It was like being back in the days of nouvelle cuisine. It was disappointing to pay that much and get up from the table hungry. Ordering extras such as a serve of vegetables or potatoes racks up the price alarmingly and vegetarians be warned, the potatoes are cooked in goose fat unless you specify otherwise. It's still a beautiful setting and very good food but we don't want to pay handsomely for a main course consisting of a single tart about four inches across. 
Whilst on business in the area dropped in for dinner having read good reviews. Sadly, it did not come up to expectation at all. Service was OK but not that welcoming. However, it was the food that failed to please. It was just average. I had a prawn thalli which consisted largely of standard Indian restaurant curries with a poor 'star' dish of prawns. They were very dry and overcooked and utterly tasteless. At £30 just not good enough, I'm afraid. Trading on former glories I wonder? 
Having checked a friend in early for their flight, stumbled across Oriel in the Departures level of T4. What a nice change from the usual mechanical, overpriced airport eateries.  
Food is not worth the price (very expensive). It is ok but just nothing special. Inside it looks very nice but nothing else. Very disappointed... 
My husband booked a trip to London for my Christmas present. Dinner here on Saturday 21st was part of it, we were looking forward to it but I definitely wouldn't go again.  
Place wasn't full but service was slow, food average. Draughty as well where we were sitting. Not sure how to describe the menu but it wasn't the best experience. Looked promising. 
After hearing good things about this local and that it has been taken over by new management, four of us visited for lunch.  
Food was great, excellent choice. Unusual, beautifully presented cocktails. Service outstanding, attentive and friendly. Surroundings are decadently unique albeit a little cramped so not as relaxing as it could be. Only draw back was the arrogant manager whose negative actions caused us to leave before dessert, coffee and after dinner drinks. There is a great vibe about the place, don't spoil your creation by forgetting that it's the customers that matter. 
Came to the rock and rose on Monday 19th december for a Christmas evening meal had the set menu lobster soup very poor worst I have had steak main course was very nice and puddings good the atmosphere was nice throughout the restaurant but the service felt very rushed we were given starters before we could order drinks and throughout the meal we had to ask for drinks to be served as they weren't offered our waitress didn't seem interested in offering drinks!!!!!! 
Perfectly acceptable takeaway service. Delivery was prompt and courteous. Our dishes of veal and sea bass were fine, although the veal was a little stringy and garlic bread was very soggy, but, all things considered, it was ok. Would definitely order again from here. “Average” scoring is a little harsh-I’d say this restaurant deserves a “good”, but not a “very good” 
Reheated and dry fish and chips, not upto the standard expected. 
To say we had to wait a long time is an understatement - we were a table of 4 and we entered the restaurant just after 7:30 pm. We got out just after 11:00 pm and we only had two courses! As we sat down at the table my daughter sent a text message from Bulgaria to say she was boarding a flight back to the UK. While we were having coffee, I got another text from her to say she had landed at Gatwick. 
Never been to a place like this before. It was OK I suppose, bit flamboyant- but couldn't help but think it was like a themed restaurant as had no real class. The menu was bizarre. Real mixture of Mediterranean stuff, American, Asian. Tables all too close. Food expensive. Music far too loud for an early meal.Just really weird! 
We used to visit Brula regularly and it was one of my very favourite neighbourhood restaurants for food and delightful 'rive-gauche' atmosphere. On a recent visit, I thought that previously high standards had gone downhill. And, now, there's a lot more choice around. 
Visited here a few days back for the first time. The decor was nice and had a very cosy feel to the place. I opted for the salmon as my main and was disappointed as it was dry and overcooked. My friends enjoyed there food so maybe it was just my dish. Service was a bit rushed even though they were not busy. On the whole a tad too expensive for what it is and will not be visiting again! 
The vibe of this place is very nice, very trendy. The drinks were also lovely. Both our steaks were over done and slightly burnt, there was also a lot of fat on the steak which was disappointing. 
I wouldn't rave about the quality/price of food but the service is good and the atmosphere is inviting. 
By the best looking breakfast venue but disappointed. Eggs Benedict with the eggs so runny that even most of the egg white was runny. We sent them back and they came back almost hard boiled. My full breakfast was what you would for the reasonable price that was charged but again the fried egg was so underdone that I could not eat it with a fork.  
Good: young waitresses were very nice, smily and informative. Easy to find. Decor nicely done and cosy feeling 
Decent place, nice for a night out with friends if you are hopping around...decent menu and drinks...pricey 
Visited for brunch- staff were very friendly and nice atmosphere. Ordered poached eggs on toast with a side of bacon and extra toast (having been warned by friends you don't get much) - only got one egg which wasn't runny, one piece of bacon and the extra toast cost £2.80.  
I popped in a few Sundays ago. First impressions good. Bar staff friendly and helpful. We didn't want to eat but did fancy a snack so ordered a Scotch egg. When it came it was hot and smelled lovely. However three quarters through we realised the pork wasn't cooked through. I mentioned it to the waitress who just walked off. I wasn't expecting a refund but an apology would have been good customer service. Still that was the only fault and we will give it another go! 
A very ordinary facade in a very ordinary row of shops on a very ordinary suburban road. Taken there, mid-week lunchtime by a beer loving friend whilst our respective partners inflicted damage on our credit scores in nearby Kingston. First plus point easy to park - plenty of meters. A warm, friendly but unfortunately very empty interior was complimented by the most extensive range of beers on tap I've ever come across. A beer lovers Valhalla! Second plus point a very welcoming and knowledgeable barman complimented by a very informative chalkboard listing and commenting upon the various beverages available. The food? An interesting menu, relatively cheap. But as we were two pints and a sandwich merchants that day difficult to judge or comment. Realistically a visit to 'The Antelope' is for the beer and not to experience 'fine dining'. Lastly the third plus point - Cider. Four different craft ciders on tap including a strawberry flavoured offering! I thought cider was all about 'Strongbow' and this place showed me how much I've been influenced by advertising. Never tried it but I don't think I'd like it. (Feel the same about Jellied Eels) Worth a journey or detour to see and sample some really interesting beers and ciders but I suspect not worth the effort if you are hungry. 
This is one of those restaurants where the noise bounces around so as it was full it was fairly raucous. 
Went to Brula for a family birthday lunch yesterday, there must of been 20 of us (including two children) crammed in a room upstairs on 3 seperate tables. 
Food that was ordered was tasty although we could have done with larger portions for price shown. Happy hour (till 7.00pm) is good value and staff was friendly and professional. Overall it's pricey for a limited food menu. Tip is extra ! 
Used to live in the area but have moved away. Brula was always a special treat for us and so we made the trip back to try the Sunday menu. Unfortunately this will be our last visit. The food was a fantastic as ever and is certainly a highlight of this restaurant ( Blood Mary was fantastic) - but for us the service and atmosphere and small authentic touches are as much a part of our dining experience in any restaurant and these were all somehow missing or diminished on this occasion. There were only two staff on duty and neither seemed to be a maitre'd. There was a large group of 20 people in the restaurant at the same time as us and they seemed to pre-occupy the staff and meant a long wait for main courses. The pre-lunch nibbles are no longer offered and bread is limited and overall the restaurant feels less quirky French and more mainstream - maybe the expansion to the Pantry has caused a change in focus for the owners. For us Brula has gone from being a special treat to just another expensive restaurant in the Richmond area - guess we'll have to look elsewhere for the authentic touch. For those who have criticised portions size here - that seemed to have improved ( if that's what you want ) - but that was never an issue for us. 
Went for a meal and cocktails after. 
Pleasant restaurant. Busy despite it being mid-week so obviously very popular and can see why as the food was nice washed down with a good pint of Cobra. 
I came for my friends birthday, there was 12 of us so we had to have a set menu. The atmosphere was good. The food was expensive for what we got. The service was good but it wasn't exceptional. I sound like a moaning customer (which I hate) but I was expecting a lot more. I probably wouldn't return. It just wasn't worth the money. 
Excellent reviews from critics and diners, and the number of unusual dishes on the menu, led me to expect far better cooking than I experienced at my first, and probably last, visit to Indian Zing. Two of us ordered a chicken breast koorma, a lamb dhansak, a side of carrot and spinach with coconut and a side of cauliflower and peas. The chicken pieces were overcooked and dry, and the koorma sauce was too sweet. The lamb pieces were succulent and the sauce good but lacking in sufficient sharpness for a dhansak. The flavour of the carrot and spinach was excellent but the cabbage was very fibrous as they had either used outer leaves or not cooked it for long enough. The cauliflower was perfectly cooked. The service was excellent, as was the amuse bouche cup of dhal soup, but the overall standard of cooking did not live up to the restaurant's reputation. £53 incl. poppadums, drinks and service, for 2 people. 
Indifferent cheese omelette. Completely bland: it didn't taste of eggs, and the filling didn't taste of cheese. Didn't taste of anything. 
Honestly our cod&chips was very good. The place is nice and the staff was kind and accommodating, but they charge you for a little tiny serving of sauce and they put on our bill extra menu, I don't know if on purpose or just by mistake, but because we were on a super rush (and they noticed) I'm afraid it was made on purpose.  
The menu is over priced for the quality of food here. The food came out cold and wasn’t as tasty as expended. Definitely not worth the money at all. 
Disappointing lasagna, not what I expected with large sliced carrots. Didnt read menu properly as it does say lasagna with vegetables. However didnt enjoy this it was quite unappetizing and luke warm. The cheesecake is not a typical cheesecake either. Consisted of fresh cream and pears sandwiched between two baked shortbread type biscuits. Tasted ok but again not what I expected.  
Had a live singer-with an electric guitar, couldn’t hear my party. Had to shout over for people to hear. 
What seemed a takeaway turned out a surprise: good service, very good wine for the price and food as you would expect. 
Ate here for the first time on a Saturday evening. The restaurant was full and the atmosphere was lively. Staff were very pleasant and attentive. The starters took a long time to arrive and were lukewarm. The main courses were fine, the lamb was very tender and was a highlight. However my companion and I both agreed that it didn't blow us away and we expected a little more. 
Food was okay, but nothing special. 
I used to rate Fishers 4 as a composite of 5 for the fish and 3 for the chips.Now, I'm sad to say, this has slipped to 4 for the fish and 2 for the dry, tasteless chips. I wonder when we'll stop coming in hope.....~I cannot see why this place got such high ratings. 
The food here is overpriced the the quality, which is unfortunate. However, Ashlon, was very attentive and gave excellent service.  
Had heard great things about this place so was really keen to try, and is very local to us, but was a little disappointed with the food. The decor and staff were great and the sangria too (!) but the dishes we had (only veg and fish as we don’t eat meat FYI) were quite oily and not as yummy as we had hoped for. 
We went for a bithday lunch and had the set menu at £25 pp excluding coffee and service. The starters were excellent, but portion control was evident in the small smoked salmon serving and the single slice of brioche accompanying the chicken parfait. Mains were a nonedescript three bird roast, with tasteless red cabbage and a large slice of parsnip, which provided the dominant flavour. Puddings were first rate, the biologique Cote du Rhone red was superb and the filter coffee was OK. Service was very good and charming.The standard of food seems to have slipped from our last visit a year, or so, ago. 
Greeted by a gentleman in a suit, who looked like a bank manager! Shown to table by window; not much of an atmosphere but the food was OK last time. 
last July review 
I have been there (and at their previous spot) many times and have enjoyed it mostly. However I'm now becoming reluctant to have it as my first choice. I think they got complaisant... 
It's a small cozy restaurant, simple but lovely decorated. The staff is friendly and helpful, service fast, and the food delicious although I think the seafood wasn't really fresh and actually had some digestion problems later that day, so be cautious if you have a weak stomach. 
Really nice, friendly restaurant with a buzzy atmosphere. We were in a hurry and ordered the wrong things. Looking round the restaurant the food looked good and we will go back when we are less pressed for time. I am sure that our review will be much better then. 
Stopped for breakfast early (6:20am). Wanted a glass of champagne to accompany. After long wait we were told they were out of stock. Service is pretty poor here and the food is 
Went there as heard it had just had a refurb, which has been done to a reasonable standard. cannot wait for the brewery to open. 
We recently had dinner at Brula and have mixed feeling on the restaurant. The front of house staff were very friendly, when they had time only two working and the restaurant had about 26 people dinning. The menu is well balance but expensive for what you get. I chose the Aberdeen Angus fillet of beef with oxtail croquet and wild mushrooms. The beef was well cooked and the jus was exellent. The oxtail croquet over cooked and dry.The waiting staff suggested a side order of chips. I was expecting fresh hand cut chips but recieved nasty FROZEN chips which you get from any fast food restaurant and at £3.50. 
Normally Brula is a firm favourite that always delivers but after this evenings visit we were left very disappointed. The meal was average at best and therefore felt over priced, service and general atmosphere left wanting. Sad to say won't be rushing back but will try again in the future because of past experiences. 
I visited for a birthday party and we were seated in the private dining room. I found the menu confused - there were curries, steaks/burgers and Asian-style dishes. Not entirely sure what type of cuisine the restaurant is aiming for. Drinks were nice, especially the espresso martini. Our waiter was attentive and came back several times to ask if we wanted to order anything else. I ate a burger which was rather dry although the salsa which came in a little dish on the side was delicious and tangy. Several of my friends had the monkfish & tiger prawn curry which they all enjoyed.  
Great food but service could have been better as we were left for long periods without being asked if we wanted a drink but when they came over it was good 
It is always the same. When you read good review than you expect a lot and it is more is to be unsatisfied. Nice looking from outside and also nice ambience. But you can notice the difference with the Spanish Tapas eaten in Spain. Just matter of freshness. 
Ambience is perfect - you feel you could be sitting in a Madrid/Lisbon middle class type family establishment with all the right "real feel". The young waiters were very pleasant and friendly and the service was prompt and fast - except that it was only at the end of the meal, at third time of asking, that we received our requested chilled tap water (as opposed to the two mid to high priced bottles of wine: one rose; one red - both good and Spanish we had ordered for small party of four, which arrived very promptly - so they did not need to keep us waiting for water in order to make good money on the alcohol). 
Arrived early to solicitous staff taking order, and delicious meal. But once the restaurant filled, it become very noisy, and service deteriorated. Owners crowd too many people in the space. Not likely to return - more pleasant alternatives in the area. 
Nicely located restaurant, close to Kingston station and town centre. Service is a little slow and food extremely salty. Quite over priced too. I had the mixed grill and the mixed hot mezze to start. Preferred the mezze over the main. Main consisted of rice and different types of meat- chicken, lamb and processed chicken and lamb doner slices. I've been to much better Turkish restaurants.  
We dined at the restaurant on the 31st of December. Staff is very friendly and the atmosphere charming. We had great expectations because of the high ranking on TripA and Google but what a disappointment. All food tasted average. The paella was mushy, almost inedible. Tasteless jamon. Flavourless creme caramel. Only the wine was above average. 
Food was good, bit over priced considering how small the portions were. Biryani was by far the best. I ordered a lamb thali, this was purely catered for the non-asians. You cannot write its authentic when it isn't. Everything on my thali was overly sweet with no real taste of what it is actually meant to taste like. Service was slightly slow considering they were not busy and it was a Thursday night. Would we go back? Perhaps not. 
We went to this restaurant after being recommended it by a friend. On entering it has a very nice and friendly atmosphere, is warm, there are plenty of waiters and waitresses and there was a pleasant buzz to it. The first thing I noticed was how dark it was and one of my priorities when choosing a table was trying to find one that was light enough to be able to read the menu! The table we chose was still not quite light enough and I did have some difficulty in seeing my food. We were given a tiny cup of Carrot and cinnamon (I think) soup as a complimentary dish to start with which was very nice. There are some interesting dishes on the menu, it's not your common or garden choice of meals. Popadums are outrageously expensive in my opinion at £6 for four. The starters and main course were very nice. I had lamb shank which was a bit grisly in places but I was not too bothered as it was on the bone. The sauce with it was delicious. My partner went so far as to say he felt this was the best chicken Jalfrezi he had ever had. The smoked aubergine side dish was lovely but I didn't like the addition of sweet corn. Side dishes were costly at an average of £6.00. We had two small bottles of Cobra each costing £14.00. Be aware that 12.5% service charge is automatically added to the bill. The meal in total cost £75.38 for two people having popadums, four small beers, two main courses and three vegetable dishes. One of my biggest Irritations was the lack of light as I was constantly straining to see, Although the food was good I really don't feel it was worth the amount charged. There are plenty of other restaurants nearby which Offer equally nice food so I'm afraid I will be voting with my feet and not coming back. 
Had a Saturday morning breakfast here. Order came wrong twice. Beans were stone cold. Table next to us had wrong order bought to them too. Had been highly recommended this place, so very disappointing. See they are advertising for staff...the ones we has contact with were nice, but more organisation is needed. Why the heck these places think it's cool for their staff to wear their own clothes is beyond me? Trying to grab someone to get another coffee or any help is like getting a needle out of a haystack when all the staff look like customers in their casuals! Not professional. Food we had was good, aside from the beans & black pudding which was cold. Staff showed concern but nothing more. Friends fave about this joint, so I am hopeful we were just "unlucky" pretty expensive unlucky breakfast mind! 
I have been meaning to try this place for a while now and took advantage of the eat out to help out scheme.  
The food is good but i expected better, staff friendly. Big portions, good service, i would reccomend. 
Portions are good size and the food is ok. For the price and "restaurant" feel I think they should do better.  
Lovely decor and atmosphere. The breakfast was well presented but for £8.50 it’s not worth it. Asked for the bacon to be cooked well done and it was virtually just shown to the grill. Staff are efficient but I think it’s just a tourist trap.  
I visited here for the first time and found the food to be average and standard chain pub fare. Service was poor as all staff were new and in training with no idea what drinks were available. As a result, food and drink delivery was very slow.  
Although staff were very friendly, the service was slow and after reading all these reviews expected better food. The starter was lovely and anticipated the next course would be as good but the fish tagine was dry and tasteless. The couscous was plain no almonds, pomegranate or lemon etc which is what I would have expected. After reading all the positive reviews it was disappointing. 
I have been to Indian Zing 3 times now and truly enjoy the food. On my last visit, the waitress spilled a bottle of beer down my arm and on my jacket. After receiving an apology, a full round of drinks appeared (not ordered by my table). We wondered why the drinks came, but did not question, just assumed it was in lieu of the spilled drink and a token of apology. At the end of our meal, we were charged for all drinks. I would have given Zing a 4 star rating, but due to the spill, have to down grade it to a 3. The reason I feel comfortable with a 3 is upon serving my tea at the end of the meal, the same waitress almost spilled the tea in the same manner as the beer. So food good, steady hand of the server in question. 
This is still a silver service restaurant that heats the plates and serves the food at the table. reasonable prices  
Sadly I found this restaurant disappointing. The room has no loud music , which is good for a meal where you want to be able to talk, but the staff - who were very reserved almost to the point of coolness- move noisily due to the floor. Some of the food is good e.g the pork, but most lacked flavour and presentation. If it was 2/3 of the price it is then you could be more forgiving but it is in a high price level. It just doesn't compare to the wonderful A Cena, also in this area. 
Been here a handful of times, in a group and as a couple. Mainly food is good and wines are great but it's overpriced for what it is (£105 for no starters, 3 meals, 4 alcoholic drinks, 1 dessert & 3 coffees). On our most recent visit we took my mum for her birthday as she loves Turkish food. We requested a mixed selection of cold and hot meze which can normally be requested in any 'traditional' Turkish restaurant. We were told a straight no to replacing 2 hot choices with 2 dollops of sauces from cold selection. They had to be 2 hot options as cold meze and hot meze were separate dishes. When asked why they couldn't accommodate our simple request we were told this is because the cold plate is ready made, so we were instructed to order as 2 extra cold starters for an additional £11.00! So the meze dish ended up costing £23.50! Considering they could put the dollops on a small dish for a starter on it's own but not just to add to the hot meze dish, this did not come across as very good customer service to make their guest happy. Needless to say my mum will not be eating here again, and has slightly tainted my opinion on how good this restaurant is. 
I’ve previously written a few 5 star reviews of this restaurant - it’s fab in the evening and I am a regular customer. 
Visited here for lunch. Staff were friendly and attentive. Restaurant is pretty dated though with lots of old plates on the 2 tone walls trying to create some semblance of Spain. Not really sure what the Molinos name is about as the only windmills I saw were on the bill. Food though was pretty good. Beef medallions were seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Stuffed artichokes were very tasty. Patas bravas lacked a bit of spice. Berenjas were good as was the chorizo in red wine sauce. Overall pretty good food and attentive staff but place needs a face lift.  
I was meeting my sister for lunch in Hammersmith and she picked this place based on the reviews on here. It's a cute little restaurant and was fairly busy. The menu is a typical Spanish menu. We ordered kind prawns which were nice enough. Tuna with avocado and mango this dish was disappointing. Chorizo croquettes these were decent and a plate of serrano ham.  
As fans of this restaurant over the past few years our last visit was a bit disappointing. On entering the restaurant it was cosy and classy. However, we were taken out to the room at the back - to the table against the wall) which had a very cold draft, despite patio gas heaters (which didn't seem very safe to have indoors).  
We took advantage of the eat to help scheme . Went for lunch with my husband. Food was good value under the scheme however a bit disappointed that the prawns were not deveined - the intestinal cord was thick and dark - I was not happy to devein them at the table-not appetising at all- disappointing. 
I was surprised by some of the glowing reviews for this restaurant. Maybe I just chose the wrong dishes...  
Hubby and I have had breakfast here two times now, but I am undecided whether or not I like this restaurant! I want to, but..... Last visit, waiter seemed very confused and even disinterested. (Didn't like that he was wearing a large knitted cap!). Food was just OK. Coffee so-so. Very noisy both times with small children running amok. We'll give it one more try. 
Stopped in here for Breakfast on a Sunday morning. 
My friend had read good reviews so we were both surprised to see a slightly shabby exterior but we persevered and went in. Warm welcome on a Friday lunchtime. It was pretty quiet but started to fill up not long after. Cake was pleasant enough.we had carrot cake. Waitress told us the cakes are home made. Loo wasn’t the best. Think could improve this area, along with the exterior, to attract more customers. Competition is pretty stiff around Hampton Court. However, the main courses looked delicious so we may well return! Very dog-friendly.... if you like dogs! 
It's a nice little local place, food quality on par with many Spanish restaurants I have been to in the UK, but I wouldn't give it an outstanding review. 
Family meal! Staff were attentive but was disappointed with my main meal! I had the mixed grill and found all the lamb very fatty!  
This place is usually very full and has great potential. It is a mix of coffee shop with lovely looking cakes and restaurant for light lunches. The ambience is just right for that sort of place with stripped walls and a little patio at the back.  
Overall we had a reasonable evening. Busy Saturday evening so booking would be advisable.  
Had been looking forward to our first visit but came away thinking it had also been our last. 
Had a meal with a group of friends and found the staff very friendly. The food was good but not outstanding. I would describe it more as good pub food not fine dinning. The journey there even with satnav in the dark was challenging to say the least but arrived eventually. The house wine was not very good so we order an expensive Rioja as an alternative which was excellent but expensive. Spending over £50 per head I would expect a better dinning experience. 
Another generally good night at Lomito. Food solid as usual and waiting staff very helpful.... until.... having had starters and mains we asked for 4 nightcaps to finish our meal. "The bar has closed" was the response. I looked at my watch - 11.03???? In a restaurant? Not sure of their licence but if you really do have to close the bar at 11, then least let your tables know. Felt like the senior team had left and the "kids" wanted to get out to party quickly.  
We ordered the cold mezze for 4 people, the portions were very tiny and we did not receive enough bread with it. our mains were well cooked, no blood, no burnt meat,  
Ordered a doner kebab takeaway thinking I would get a conventional kebab with a pitta bread.. Instead I received a tray that contained mostly salad some rice and two really small bits of tough Bread that you couldn't exactly put the meat in.. The meat didn't taste as tasty as conventional kebab meat and I didn't even receive any curry sauce or anything! This all cost me £15. I could get a better kebab from a local joint.  
Visiting friends and family in town, early evening dinner at Los Molinos was recommended. Friendly greeting upon arrival for the five of us, things were looking good, first set of the tapas we selected arrived - stunning taste and quality. When we ordered some additional dishes we were told they had run out - by 7:30pm! The same applied the additional bottle of wine we ordered run out by 8 pm. Rather disappointing.  
I loved the previous incarnation of The Fallow Deer... it was small, quirky, friendly. I loved the vintage styling, the food was great. 
Found this place on TA and thought it might be worth trying for breakfast. The interior is a nice departure from the usual bland coffee shop and it has a buzzy atmosphere. I was a little disappointed with the full english; it was overdone and took around 25 minutes to arrive. By the time we left, there was quite a large queue forming at the door. I was left wondering why this place is rated so much - there are nicer places in Teddington. On the plus side, I'm told the coffee is good! 
I was really looking forward to this restaurant after reading the reviews. The people that worked there were nice, it is a family run business. It is a small restaurant. 
Food was lovely but place is to small there was a table of 12 women celebrating a birthday all talking at the same time couldn't hear yourself think 
After taking a short stroll with the family we popped in to check out their new premises. 
I was excited when The Fallow Deer announced their new premises as we often had problems getting a table at the previous location. Sadly I have removed my previous 5* review since visiting today. It is a completely different experience now and not one we will be repeating. Shame, as we have tea in Teddington regularly. Admittedly, today was Father's day so we expected it to be busy. There were a lot of staff but none seemed particularly interested in us and the service was very slow at all stages. It is no longer the quaint tea room it was but has morphed into something more industrial on a large scale. Just the little touches like a board with the cakes on is no longer available; instead you had to ask what there was, when someone finally arrived to take our order. Cakes still delicious (although the Victoria sponge was rather solid!) tea plentiful and latte lovely, it's just none of the staff were smiley like they used to be! 
A very old fashioned restaurant in service, decor and menu. Not necessarily a bad thing, in fact I have friends that won’t hear a bad word against the place, unfortunately it’s not my cup of tea. 
As a group of 8 we were 'told' by the waiter that groups have meze. We had to ask what that was, so were given menus reluctantly. With one vegan amongst us and one with vinegar allergy (myself) we asked to choose from the main menu instead. I don't think that was what the restaurant wanted. 
We have been meaning to go to Martins Place for many years, people have recommended it, and having walked passed it on numerous occasions it always seems busy. 
This is an upmarket steak house stating they specialize in Argentinian beef. I have eaten steak in Argentina and this meal did not compare favourably. I asked if I could substitute grilled vegetables for the 3 choices of included sides, I was told this was not possible. My fillet steak was cooked to my liking but but had some chewy 'threads' running through it. It was also only barely warm. I didn't want to complain as my friends were treating me. The service was fairly good although we had to ask for drinks twice on more than one occasion. 
We have been a few times and both enjoy. Consistent, different and good value. Possibly a bit cramped at times but thats not the end of the world. Great staff 
This recently opened cafe is run by the well known Camilleri family. The father being the well known Independent Financial Adviser based on Twickenham Green. He sold me my (expensive) pension back in the early 1990s. 
No welcome at the door and ignored at the bar . 
Visited this place a few times. It has so much more potential, which is a real shame. Food portions are slim, although good quality.  
This used to be a super place but it just hasn't changed - if you want a pricey, loud eighties dinner then this is the place- otherwise stay clear 
Great service and friendly staff. Food had good flavour and was ok. Middle of the road pleasant eatery  
Went to the fallow dear a couple of times, once for a coffee (tasted like socks juice) and once for lunch. The salad and the sandwich were ok, nothing special though. Has potential but needs to work on the food menu! 
The menu in this restaurant is very meat based not many options for vegetarians. Although it is a steak restaurant it would be helpful f there were vegetarian options as not everybody enjoys or eats steak. The service was good but would reconsider visiting again due to the limited menu. 
I was treated my birthday lunch there. Since I love Spanish tapas, I know how the taste and looks like. I like the olives and the mussels. The squid ink rice was just ok. We ordered the spinach cakes which was not crisp at all. They give 20% off in lunch time that was good.  
We ordered some empanadas and they were not so good ... also the coffee wasn't ... the place was nice and relax ... love the music!  
Good solid reliable tapas in a friendly family environment- chicken livers & prawn skewers were notable  
The food has always been good. The service could be improved. Attitude rather doing you a favour to serve you, bit too quick and sloppy and not too happy in their work, lacking any humour. 
Were seated immediately on arrival. Papadoms, dips and a pre starter (pumpkin and carrot soup) arrived very swiftly. As there were 10 of us (table had been pre-booked) we ordered a selection of starters which were served promptly and were all delicious.  
We visited Lomito before, just as a couple. This time we invited another couple who had never been to Lomito before. I ordered rump steak, which is served with chips. I wanted to substitute the chips for vegetables. The waiter said, he needed to check first if this was possible. Three of the group ordered grilled vegetables which arrived on a separate dish which would have been enough for just one person. I did not get the vegetables but just the chips. We ordered three coffees. After 30 minutes went to speak to the waiter that the coffees were no longer wanted. He said would not have to pay for them now because of the long wait. 
Very busy cafe. Pretty much always full. Slightly disappointed by the service, which was patchy, and the food which was cold. Have been before and it was better. Maybe it was an off day. 
Return visit following meal several months ago. Nice atmosphere and good service but food seemed unadventurous and not good value. Needs to up game again. 
We booked this restaurant for a Fathers Day treat.  
I have been visiting Bagattis regularly for over 20 years and it had been my Italian restaurant of choice. But for the lasts three times I have been I noticed that the quality of the dishes served has somewhat gone down. The problem is also consistency. Every time what you order is different! I suppose too many chefs in the kitchen and you are lucky if you get the right one!  
Came here for a meal on a friday night with friends. 
First of all I want to say that these guys can cook, and the flavours they created were epic. However on the night in question, only one item was on offer (the super bonbon) and neither myself nor my girlfriend are massive fans of pork loin. I actually thought the dish in question was a fancy hot dog, but that's my mistake. 
Popped in here of a Wednesday evening on the Dishi special and was hoping for a relaxed meal with s lips. 
I had a craving for pizza so thought that based on the reviews I would try this place, unfortunately I was disappointed. Minimal toppings on the pizza and quality wasn't their. I was looking forward to trying their pistachio Tiramisu (my two favourite things) and this was a complete let down. 
Overall is not a bad restaurant at all and the quality of the food was ok! 
I went last Saturday for an evening meal with 3 others. I had mussels, my partner had the pork and both were delicious but our two friends both had sea bass and it was so very expensive for one little fillet!!!! They came all the way from Pinner and we did feel uncomfortable when the bill arrived. Just not right to charge £21 for half a piece of fish with not enough else on the plate. Sorry to have to point this out as the actual restaurant is lovely. 
I have been here twice, one year apart. The first was a dine in experience. The second was take out. Lovely staff. Good service. Underwhelming and below average food. 
Nice welcome by Nico the manager 
Lovely food. Service a little slow. Also felt very uncomfortable as we had our 15 month old Grandson with us and he didn't seem to fit in! Although staff tried to accommodate there were a few comments which made us feel they cannot or do not want to accommodate young families. Shame. 
Average - across the board. Social distancing is dealt with well - but when we asked to move tables, the waitress didn't update the system so when we left, we had to hunt down our original table. The barmaid was wearing a mask - and gave us a long talk on how much of a pain it was for her to wear it. Tables all had QR codes - but not the ones for the NHS App. The only place I found one of those was in the Gents. The drinks were expensive (as usual for Eton) and not a very good selection. However, it's a pleasant enough pub 
This place was on the top of my list for fish and chips. I had seen it on television and read reviews that were great. I promised myself that I would not visit London again without visiting this establishment. The place is super small but it does get a lot of business. There were people waiting for carry out. When I arrived, there was no one in the dining area so I decided to eat at the restaurant. I immediately noticed that most of the tables were reserved. By the time I left, all of the tables were full which explains why people reserve a space. Needless to say, I ordered the fish and chips. I ordered the large portion and I got a large portion. It was more than I could eat at one time. The fish has skin on one side. The skin side was not crispy so I did not enjoy that. My chips were cold and so were my friend's chips. I am sure I could have sent the fish and chips back but I did not want to wait for another serving. I believe that the best establishment can have an "off" moment so I did not take it to heart, I figure I will try this place again with hopes that I will be able to write another review with a higher rating. 
Having heard so many good things about this place I was expecting perfection. We arrived and were told our table wasn’t quite ready , not a good start to the evening. 
We couldn't make our minds up about what to eat on our last night in the UK. Finally settled on fish and chips as its next to impossible to get good fish and chips in the USA.  
Friendly staff and everything clean and chic. But woefully slow service all the way through the meal (and a one-hour+ wait between starter and main - with no explanation or offer of bread/olives as one person did not have a starter) and very, very average cooking (think home style, on a weeknight) with strange flavour combinations. Definitely not worth £50 per head - four of us had 3 starters, 4 mains and 1 dessert, plus some drinks. My sea bass (£21) was cooked well enough but with only one fillet, a few smears of two purées, a dessert spoon of spinach and two artichoke hearts from a jar on the plate, I was deeply unimpressed. Maybe there was a staff and/or supply problem - why not be honest?  
Eat here this week. Hygiene was great food average. Great covid precautions taken.  
Party menu which was tasty and a good selection however service was slow and pudding at 1130pm was a bit much. It should not take 3 hours to serve three courses.  
This was our first visit to Lomito and we had been encouraged by the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. The food was good but there were some things that made the visit less than perfect. First of all, having made a reservation online and had an acknowledgment email from the restaurant, there was no booking for us when we arrived. Fortunately the restaurant was not busy at that stage and they quickly found us a table. Having seated us they brought the menu and then showed us examples of the different kinds of steak they offer presented on a butchers board. This is a nice touch and was helpful. It took some time for someone to come back and take our order but the food, when it arrived, was good, especially the various steaks we’d ordered.  
I recently visited lomito in GX for the second time and had a great evening nice ambience food was good and service was as efficient it was busy but we did not wait long  
Really disappointed. Live in SW London, met friends for lunch here. I would have expected much more from a roast dinner at £15.95. Yorkshire pudding filled half the plate, a smear of carrot and swede mash. We are not 'big eaters' but this left is feeling we needed more. So expensive for the price. Also had the rack of ribs which seemed to be under cooked and chewy. Not the fall off the bone experience that you would expect. I think, because of the Eton location, prices inflated. certainly not value for money. 
Disappointing visit last night to be told that Guinness no longer served here. Ordered the replacement stout and watched as it was poured. No head and no depth. Watery and horrible taste. I really like this pub but not going to return until Guinness restored! 
My first visit to this restaurant I live in Gerrards Cross. 
If i am honest very disappointing- service very slow.... we both ordered the beetroot salmon as a main course and when it arrived there was no bread as described on the menu- I asked the waitress and she seemed unsure if it came with bread- the bread did turn up eventually... I had ordered a side of chunky chips but what arrived was french fries- and they are certainly not as described on the menu "skin on fries".... they were basic french fries- portion size small as a main - again had to ask for the bill and took ages.... there are much better places to eat in eton and windsor 
A lot of food plonked on a plate with taught whatsoever  
Previously I have reviews Fishers as the best Fish and Chips in London, I know have to retract that statement.  
We visited with 2 friends (4 total). The restaurant is a nice venue to have dinner but the food is simply not worth the obviously jacked up prices applied given its location. 
The George is a nice pub in a very good position in Eton. 
Came here for a Sunday lunch, We knew it was a popular place, so expected it to be busy. When we arrived (around 1pm), it was actually quiet; however, after the drinks order was taken, it was not until after 1.30pm when our meal order was taken, by which time the place had started to become busier. 
I've only been there a few times and am always taken aback as to how busy it is.  
For us, a return visit after some years. Croydon has other Italian restaurants and on tonight's performance, we still think SalVe and Ponte Nuovo have better food and in more comfortable surroundings. 
Pub is wonderful, we particularly love it in the summer. 
This is the second time I have been to Masaniello. Enjoyed it the first time but last night the service let us down. We were seated and then ignored by the server for at least 15 minutes. Eventually, he gave us (for gave us read "smacked down on the table") the menus. He eventually came to take our wine order after informing us that the first two wines on the list were not available. He wanted our food order at the same time as the wine. We would really have liked to have at least had a sip of wine before eating but we were not given the time to do so. I found his whole manner abrupt and we felt rushed. At the end of the meal we did give him a tip because we were splitting the bill and it was easier to round it up but I didn't feel he deserved it and he didn't say thank you either. We chose this restaurant over a larger chain because we wanted to help out an independent during the current economic climate but I don't think I would rush back again. 
This is my parents favourite restaurant and go regularly for dinner and lunch 
The quality is good but the same menu for many years is getting dull as the prices fly upwards. Some of the favourites are exceptional fritti, del mare mussels, some are basic pasta and tomatoe dishes  
We really enjoyed the food and the staff were friendly enough but unfortunately the restaurant smelt.a bit dirty and I could see that it wasn't entirely clean (floors,ledges,etc were a bit sticky and dirty) and that did spoil things a bit for me unfortunately.Overall a nice meal but for the (slightly expensive) prices,I would expect the place to be spotless.  
We were expecting better things having read the reviews. The service bar one waiter who seemed disgruntled, was very good.  
Have walked past this place over the years and never been in. A friend and I decided to check it out and we weren’t disappointed. We were welcomed by very friendly staff who gave us a lovely table by the window. Our drinks came swiftly and there was a food choice of wine. The food was tasty but I do think it all came too quickly, I always prefer a 15-20 minute break before courses but this was more like 5-10. However, I would still return! Pizza was delicious - thanks!  
Have been coming to Bagattis for decades, on and off, albeit mostly off in the last few years.  
Having read all the good reviews about this place 4 of us went to lunch to try it out but none of us was impressed with the a la carte offerings. The food was O.K but only just - and certainly not cheap - though the quick lunch menu looked far better value and, from what we saw, would have been a far better option! 
We came here at the recommendation of friends who have been here numerous times. Our table was booked for 8 pm & we were welcomed by the very friendly Italian staff. We decided to go straight to our table & were served with our drinks & meals in a reasonable time. The décor is like an old fashioned dining room but it had character which makes a nice change from the usual pub dining rooms. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble for the waiters & everyone seemed to enjoy their meals the portions of which were just too much for me. I had the duck which although nice was a little bland for me but my friend really liked her salmon. I agree the desserts on the sweet trolley were a little old fashioned & not to my taste but the friend who recommended it comes here mainly for the sweet trolley! I also felt it was a little over priced for what it was. However, we did all enjoy our evening & there was a very nice ambiance to the place. 
We booked to fly into Denham and have Sunday lunch at Biggles restaurant. We travel widely in the UK most Sundays with a view to try and compare different places to eat. Like many people, my wife and I aren't big eaters and a main course Sunday roast lunch is adequate for us. However, at Biggles restaurant they insist on charging for a 3 course lunch when you haven't had starters or desserts. If the food had been exceptional I could have been more forgiving but the meal fell short of the standard we can find elsewhere when only paying for what we eat. 
I know this is old school and I knew what to expect but it wasn't up to much at all. We were booked for 9 didn't get seated til 930 - food came late and mine was lovely - old school prawns in garlic and chicken Kiev but the beef Wellington was similar to a gregs steak slice and that's no exaggeration. For 130 per couple I was very very disappointed. Shame because old school Italian food is delicious but this was similar to nhs hospital dinner at worst. 
We had a lovely lunch here last Saturday - two craft beers and two mushrooms on toast. Lovely experience and we couldn’t fault the service or food but £43.00 for 2 piece of sourdough topped with mushrooms and a couple of beers? Really? I work in the food industry and totally understand that good quality produce comes at a price, as well as great waiting staff and a prime setting- all of which you have but this is madness. We won’t be coming back which is a shame but for a quick bite to eat £43.00 is ridiculous. 
Went for Sunday Lunch. The beef rump was excellent. My wife had the Sea Bass and although very tasty the portion was extremely small. Had to wait ages for the bill and eventually had to go to the bar to pay. The waitresses apologised for the delay saying that they were very busy. Wasn't that full. Don't have the lemon tart as it tastes like lemon meringue filling!!! Overpriced for a Sunday lunch.  
Went here with friends. Service was very slow and had to wait ages for our drinks order to be taken and then a longer wait to get them. Took quite a while to get our food as well . Food was good, the sticky toffee sponge was to die for.  
Active, lively pub. Wonderful service but do not go here for the Sunday beef dinner. Beef tough as nails. Reminds me of my 1st attempts to cook a roast when first married. Otherwise, a nice pub and probably other items on menu quite acceptable.  
This pub is very average. Food is ok but the pub has practically no atmosphere and generally few customers. If you’d like a good British pub you’d probably be better off getting an Uber to another Fullers pub about 10 minutes away called ‘The Plough’ in Norwood Green. It’s probably not very busy on a Monday to Thursday evening but it’s a nice pub. I’ve lived around this area all my life, so I feel able to comment. If things change at the White Hart I’ll let you know.  
Lived in Uxbridge 12 years and wanted to try it out, just on passing we saw some empty tables. We walked in and asked for a table for two and was escorted to a table. Later discovered we had taken someone's booked table. We were not asked if we had booked and we were never asked for a name for the booking. I presume that it was Martin that came out and gave us dirty looks and the other couple making us feel guilty for taking their table. At that point should have walked out but was hungry and ordered already. Should have really because my filet steak was like shoe leather, had better from sainsbury at 5.00. Could not hear myself think in there either, so noisy. On leaving looked down at the wine rack on the floor in the kitchen and the floor was filthy, bits everywhere. Coke was warm too. Should have carried on walking to the curry house a few doors up.  
We booked here as we have always had a great meal here, and we had something to celebrate. Our table was booked for 6.00pm, when they open, and we were the first diners. The tables were immaculate and all the waiters smartly dressed. The service was excellent, hence my 3* review. We have eaten here before and were always VERY pleased with the food. The menu is extensive, as is the wine list. We both had starters and mains, bottle of wine, but skipped dessert as we were full. We both agreed that the food was average, and had lost something since we last ate here. I think it was a bit on the presentation, some on not matching the menu, but most on flavour. I had the Branzino which should have had a touch of chilli (none) and be served on cracked new potatoes (were all still whole). A minor point but as one of Croydon's higher end restaurants they should provide what the menu states, plus when we ordered the place was empty, so we should have received better food. For what we paid we should have gone to Zizzi's. 
I had a colleague over in the UK for a meeting who requested a British meal so decided to go with the old faithful curry option! Staying at the holiday inn a short walk away this seemed to offer a good local option away from the expensive main road options.  
Came as part of a bug group booking. The selection of starters was nice and varied - calamari, ham and bruchetta. Mains a lot of us op-ed for the lamb shank which was not very flavoursome. The portion sizes were really big as well and were quite off putting. Presentation of the food was ok. Staff were friendly and we had a good night. Popular with couples and group bookings. 
We were 'recommended' this place, and tried it out on a Sunday lunch time sitting, It was heaving, so obviously very popular; difficult to get to the bar, let alone a drink; The noise was at times painful: There obviously haven't been any updates in along time, by the look of it in either decor or menu. The meals 'mains' were good, the veg etc less so, the starters and sweets not very good; the service frenetic, and not great, with orders going to the wrong people. 
There is so much I love about this place... the best Bloody Mary ( home made liquor that they ‘ ferment’ in jars with herbs and spices ( could be in a larger glass as lots of ice) 
Ok but had better. Need to 'rest' their steaks. Blood seeping into plate, but when this was mentioned the manager said "this is because it's medium rare." Having eaten in many restaurants and ordering rare steaks (and from my own cooking) a well rested steak, however rare, does not 'bleed.' 
We visited on a Saturday evening - 8pm booking so was surprised to hear from our server that she couldn't take our food order yet but could take our drinks order. She also said mysteriously that she didn't know why but would return when she was allowed to! So we waited, rather longer than we hoped for until we were able to place our food order so by the time it arrived I was starving. I made the mistake of ordering the most expensive starter - scallops so when just two tiny scallops arrived with pancetta and a few other tiny bits, I was terribly disappointed. Meanwhile hubby had the chorizo and manchego croquette which looked plentiful and yummy. Main courses were nice, tasty and pretty to look at but didn't overly wow. Maybe my expectations were too high? It's a pleasant restaurant but I wouldn't return as there are better around which are better value for money.  
Nice start to my birthday meal, we’ve been to the restaurant many times when living in the area. I had the seafood Manansiello, unfortunately I was enjoying it until I found a stone in my meal. This was obviously mistaken for a mussel by the chef, I told the waiter and he took it to the kitchen on my side plate. I was rather disappointed then as there was no apology really and the staff were little miffed by this.  
We decided to go here for our 2nd wedding anniversary on recommendation from family. Food was excellent. Service, not so. It took about 30 minutes to get some ice for my wife's water, as example. Restaurant was very quiet at the time as well, not no excuse really. Although the food was excellent, would likely not go back. 
The food is good but not exceptional. It lacked depth of flavour onions within the curry a little under done but was good value.  
Ate here when away with business a couple of years ago. The restaurant was small with a pleasant atmosphere. The meal was fine, but nothing special. It was relatively simple food, done okay. Looking around Uxbridge I am not sure that there is a lot of choice of good restaurants, so this may be the pick of what is on offer. 
too noisy - you can't hear yourself think in there with people talking. nothing wrong in people talking but the acoustics need sorting out. 
My wife and I were here recently for an evening meal. It was about half full, but very noisy, and we had enormous difficulty hearing what each other was saying, partly because there was a rather loud group in one corner. We were told that the food would take 10-15 minutes, but it was somewhat longer than that - but very tasty when it came! 
Super independent Italian style restaurant, stands out from chain zizzi's which is opposite.  
Oversized prtions of fairly average food ,but steep prices ,fairly tired building ,large group of us (14) no-one of the group would re visit 
I went to Lomito on a Tuesday evening with my sister and a friend to have dinner, and left quite disappointed. The service in general was really slow, especially when it started getting busy, what was funny, because my first impression when we arrived was that there were way too many people working on that service at the same time (and I know what I'm talking about because I've been a waitress and then supervisor in a restaurant, and I know how this works). The problem was very obvious for me from the very beginning: very lazy staff, and I include the manager. Although food was served quickly, we had to wait around half an hour for someone to clear the table once we had finished, and we only managed to get this done after trying really hard to catch the attention of one of the idle members of staff and, btw, being blatantly ignored by them.  
Was looking forward to trying this new restaurant in Gerard's Cross, got shown to our table and that's were it all goes wrong for me, the long bench seat running down the length of the restaurant the tables all much to close, the customers are just placed to close to each other, due to pure greed from the owners to cram in as many covers as they can, you therefore can not help but hear conversations from the diners beside you and they can hear all your conversation. The diners facing the wall miss out on the atmosphere of the rest of the restaurant, why didn't they have the tables at 90 degrees to the side wall so it is more private and all diners can take in the atmosphere of the restaurant a few booths would be a lot better, but obviously it would less covers. 
First time visited this place. Our orders were quickly taken and we were very impressed. However, about ten minutes later we were informed that a party of eight were coming in and our table was wanted for them. We were offered another table but it was not acceptable as we would have had our backs to this party. We looked around for another suitable table and it was either sit by the toilet or sit right on top of the fish fryer. We chose the latter. My husband had chicken and chips and I had fish and chips. The fish was good but the chips were not. They were small, odd shapes and sizes and totally overcooked and tough. We expected much better service and food.Won't come back again 
Had lunch here with friends. Based on reviews expected a bit more. Standard pub grub and pricey for what it was. On the plus side my Pimms was absolutely delicious. Pleasant staff.  
Went there a few years ago, when they served me they left cling film from micro wave oven on one dish and confused waiter removed it at our table. Weird. Other waitress looked confused. Now when i walk past there i see lots of weird things discarded in boxes in front of resto, from jamon bone to large empty bottles of vino 
Went to Los Molinos tonight before heading back to Canada in the morning. 
Went to celebrate a birthday on Saturday food up to usual high standard but starters are becoming very expensive which probably off sets the price of main courses which very good value.We where charged for three bottles of wine only had two and £37.50 for 3 beers and a lemonade it took three bills to correct the mistake the owner treated the over charging as a joke. We have been to Biggies on several occasions So be aware check your bill 
We decided to try this new restaurant in our village. The staff were very good but even when he wasn't busy, the owner stayed by the entrance and did not go round the tables to inquire whether the diners were pleased with their food. The steak was delicious and the ice cream was excellent. The chicken was undercooked and had to be sent back. The Pinot Noir was advertised as a 2015 but a 2016 was produced which we sent back and a 2015 duly arrived. The sweet potato and the chips were forgettable. The Profiteroles were dry and lacked a decent chocolate sauce. We realise that this place has only been open for 7 weeks but they'll need to do better if they want the locals to keep coming back as there are places to eat in the village where the food has more taste. 
After a dreadful dinner with my Mother at Gilbys Eton I called the manager to complain. She said she was very sorry and come back and she would look after us. We did come back but the manager carefully avoided us and went home! The food was average but it was the attitude of the manager that was shocking. We won’t be dining there again 
I am a regular at this restaurant and always give it good reviews, but sorry to say on this occasion I was disappointed. My mussels were cold which I don't understand if they were freshly cooked? So they did cook me some more but I was left with no food while my family ate theirs. Apologies were given but no compensation of any kind. Recently my husband and I have dined at a new Italian restaurant and have received little extras on the house and the food is amazing. Maybe you should up your gain Bagattis, because you never can be too complacent! 
Maybe I’m being a bit harsh with 3*’s but just didn’t come away with a wow feeling. The decor isn’t really my style and e were sat close to the coffee maker which made having a conversation difficult. 
Nice location next to the aerodrome with excellent service from friendly staff. However, a very retro menu with a mainly elderly clientele. Sunday lunch was £19.50, with dishes like prawn cocktail, melon and fried whitebait. The last were bread-crumbed rather than floured, so were a bit heavy and were overly fishy. Mains comprised a selection of the usual roasts plus dishes like grilled rainbow trout. The roast beef was tender enough, cooked medium (we were not asked how we would like it cooked), and served on a silver platter with gravy poured over it, but it tasted more of the gravy than the beef. Good roast potatoes, acceptable Yorkshire puddings, white cabbage, and peas and carrots. The trout was bland. Sherry trifle did have a good sherry flavour but had a hard jelly, tinned fruit and a really solid custard (made from custard powder, of course). A nice bottle of Albarinho for £23.50 lifted my spirits, but overall it could do so much better with relatively modest changes. Sadly, the à la carte menu does not look much more modern. 
We found Masaniello here on TripAdvisor after reading so many positive reviews. We thought we would try it as we are always looking to try local resturants that we have not yet eaten at. 
Very dated and starting too look a bit worn... a Pensioners Pop In Place. Tables very crowded making it hard for the staff...who by the way are now getting on a bit..much like the clientele . Portions are good and the food is fine..hot plates for hot dishes would be better 
Three of us ate here, one found the starter and main course really good, two of use found the food underwhelming. Pizza had a soggy bottom, the special consisted of a four small prawns, one tiny piece of asparagus plus salad leaves that cost was nearly £8.00. Veggie options are limited whilst on the surface they appear vegetarian, the cheese is not. However, they were kind enough to make a tomato pasta dish for me which was a very small portion and not very pleasant, way too much oil that cost nearly £11 for probably 50p worth of ingredients. We found it very expensive for what we had, wouldn't return any time soon. 
First visit last night..... 
I had heard about this restaurant’s good reputation and had read good reviews, but my experience left me rather cold. I arrived and had to hang around before anyone bothered to welcome me and even then, no one offered to take my coat. The food was excellent and no complaints about that and whilst the front of house the staff were perfectly friendly, they need to sharpen their act up a bit.  
Fish was nice, average portion size but unfortunately the chips seem to be just fried supermarket chips. I don't think there's anything special about this place. 
We intentionally took a tube for fish and chips here. There’s a take away section and dine in section. The dine in section was empty but they refused to give us a table.  
Food is great but service is very poor. 
The owner has tried to make this tiny restaurant a French bistro style and it is very quaint located in Windsor street. However, the food is average and not in my opinion very french but it does have atmosphere 
The food was quite slow to arrive - it was tasty enough and I did like that proper knives were provided to cut the pizzas. Better alternatives in the area in my opinion. 
Have now been to Lomito twice and both times enjoyed the experience for cocktails and service we loved it. The reason I have marked it down is the first time neither the starters or the main course was really cooked well - Soggy watery spinach soft chips and steak I had to send back. The second time we had a larger party that while their steaks were excellent things like the short rib and starters were off again. So in summary I think that the place is great and I definitely want to see it be successful as we need a really lovely destination for cocktails and steak but I think it is fair to say they need to finesse the experience plus take one set of tables out to give just a touch more space for dinners. I look forward to 3rd time lucky. 
I have eaten few times at Bagattis , but never was too happy. The rice and pasta with sea food was nothing to write home about it .... the fish did not taste fresh ... probably frozen 
We tried the new Lomito restaurant in Gerrards Cross for the first time this week. On first impressions the restaurant is a fantastic addition to the town. It is a good size, nice modern decor and a good buzz in the room. Unfortunately the service was very slow, and got slower as the restaurant filled up and noisier. It seemed that there was one waiter for half the room and he couldn't cope. The tables are close together (why not stagger them a bit.. ? and when you have neighbours either side you have to shout to hear each other. The steak was excellent - we both had Ribeye and it was full of flavour and had great texture. The chips were nicely cooked and presented too. We would have loved to try dessert but after waiting for more than 30 mins for a waiter to even come over and clear our main course plates we had gone off the idea. The price warrants a much better level of service.. if they can fix this I am sure it will have a good future ahead.. 
Very much a seventies experience, with courteous but perhaps over attentive waiters, a menu of classic dishes and some strange additions like the bowl of cheese and onion crisps on the table. Portions were ample to excessive, although taste was generally good. Given the location the décor has a military aviation theme. The older members of our party were enthusiastic about the place and the meal; the rest of us less so. The fixed price menu was a little pricey given the quality of the food, but this is Denham! 
We were staying at a local hotel, but decided to eat out. We saw the sign for Biggles and decided to eat there. It is situated on the edge of Denham Airdrome, hence the name. The decor is a real 80's throwback, but I liked it. Nothing fancy or pretentious. Good, friendly service with well cooked food. It certainly is very popular even mid-week when we visited, and is obviously a meeting place for locals who are greeted as old friends. It was a very pleasant evening, and I would definitely return. 
Went in December so very busy, very loud, the food was good. Service not so, but they were lovely, just because they were so busy.  
Don't go to this restaurant if you want a quiet evening out! I have never been to such a noisy restaurant. Such a shame as the food was very good- but expensive. Met up with a friend who I haven't seen for a long time, but unfortunately wasn't able to speak to. 
We visited recently with friends for dinner. The restaurant has recently been refurbished we understand and is very cosy with a good ambience and immaculately clean. 
This place is good but it's just not as amazing as I thought it would be. 
Not ideal for a meeting however a great place for Steaks lovely decor a little expensive too the Grilled halimi portion was a little too small. 
Have been several years in a row for Christmas parties and the set menu never changes - or at least the vegetarian options don't. There are two veggie options - pasta or pasta. Pasta is just about the laziest, most unimaginative vegetarian option ever. I've eaten from the normal menu at Bagattis and I know you can do better.  
I'd been meaning to try Martin's Place for a while having only heard good things from others so decided to make a reservation for myself and the family on a Friday evening. 
A restaurant to go to if you like '70s food. Well cooked meat and fish but very thick sauces, no attempt made at presenting it in an appetising way. Quite expensive for what is on offer. 
We decided on the merits of our last visit to revisit this restaurant for our evening business meeting. Well all I can say is that we probably wont make it a third? 
I used to go in here regularly at weekends, whether it was a quick pint after shopping or stopping off on the bikes The George used to be our first choice of pub, mainly due both to the great selection of W&E beer and the friendly service. Until now. 
Been in here a few times and its a competent anglicized Italian restaurant with all the usual suspects on the menu. It is a shame that it doesnt do its pastas and risottos in half portions as starters. On this visit I had the prosciutto which was described as being served with rocket and shaved Parmesan. I would say chunks of paemesan was more accurate. It was pretty good as was, apparently. my friends minestrone. On to mains and I had the chicken filled with cheese and aubergine which was really really nice but I think the tomato sauce it was served with clashes with the potato dauphinoise. Maybe a cream sauce would have been better. My friends steak was good by all accounts as were the desserts although they were a tad small. 
From the decor to the menu, to the staff, everything is stuck in the 70's, not that that is necessarily a bad thing, but for me the huge menu offered nothing that I really wanted. The welcome was friendly, the place packed and it seems that there are a lot of loyal regulars who perhaps like the comfort of familiarity. Our food was silvered served, was all slightly cool and all slightly over cooked and not particularly enjoyable. The staff seemed rushed of their feet, so you didn't feel like complaining. There is plenty of car parking and good views of the airfield (from the outside only), and you definitely will have to book, if you want to go here. 
This establishment has a long standing hard-core following from the high population of moderately comfortable aging middle classes of the area. The name is incongruous with its style; no pipe smoking tally ho! Englishmen here, this is a Mediterranean family run eatery of the old school. Stereotypically, there appears to be an extended family gang running the service, a fawning and familiar patriarch greeting the diners and a stern matriarch directing activities from the wings. Service is efficient though intrusive, possibly a result of the cramped nature of the old-fashioned split room, the menu is extensive though unimaginative and the food is over-cooked and overly rich, just the way its clientele like it. 
Went here with friends with great anticipation as the food on a previous visit some time ago was lovely, on this occasion I have had better food at a Bernie Inn. 
I went here for a family party, we were squished into a long table with half of the party stuck against a wall so that two or three people had to move if they wanted to go to the loo. 
The ambiance is rather flat; certainly not very Spanish. The staff are charming. Conejo a la Canarias was good as were gambas al ajillo. The pulpo a la gallega was very good. The chorizo was boring and the patatas bravas were absolutely awful; like no patatas bravas I have ever tasted. I suspect the wrong kind of potatoes and probably cooked much earlier. They said that they were oven cooked but the tasted like boiled. What a pity! Unfortunately I was driving so I could not banish the disappointment with a bottle of red. My companion would have been more scathing than I, and he had a couple of glasses... 
I've been here twice now. Both meals were enjoyable. This restaurant is decorated in a relaxed style and the noise levels can get quite high. I wouldn't recommend it for an intimate dinner. 
I attended recently on a weekday for dinner with my wife. 
 Our second visit after a very good first experience. A little disappointed as bookings slightly chaotic. Front window seats are in demand, so book early and request if you want those. Views of buzzing cobbled street are great. However, these despite double checking are not assured. Had requested and double checked on the day but arrived to find out requested table occupied. We're asked if we wanted to sit outside - not really! So promptly given someone else's table! 
Came here for a glass for champagne. Enjoyed the location. I wouldn’t say it’s 5 star- you are sitting on a street. There’s no view to speak of (mountain, lake, ocean). But it’s well kept and beautiful inside. It used to be a butchery, which makes it interesting.  
Had a nice chicken/lemon tagine. Service was quick and efficient. Nice spot. Think I saw Charlie Cox (Daredevil) go in seconds before us! 
As a Eton local The George has been a great go to for some time for a good lunch/dinner, however they have now introduced a new menu and put their prices up significantly, also removing some of the lighter options they had on their menu. The meal my friend and I had was good but by no means worth the money they were charging (£16 for a burger and chips and £14 for the veggie option which was little more than a starter portion). I appreciate that times are tough for restaurants however the price hike will deter my friends and I choosing The George in future as its just not worth the money. 
The pizzas were a good size and they were generous with the toppings. I also liked how it wasn’t grease however the cheese on top was a bit solid and the pizza as a whole lacked flavour. Overpriced for what we got.  
Went here for a birthday (as did everyone else by the looks of it). Positives were of course the staff - very friendly and welcoming. Negatives were the menu which was very old fashioned(literally some of the items were invented in the 1800's). Everyone else was loving it, but it was just too old fashioned for me. I had veal cutlet which had been grilled for around 30 min by the looks of it (very tough and no moisture).  
Only ok. Not amazing.  
An interesting location that presents itself as a Spanish Dining experience with a complimentary wine selection. It really isn't despite a number of perfectly pleasant Spanish staff. The menu is a genuine time machine experience - Melba Toast, Steak Diane and Tournedos Rossini being among the offerings you thought had slipped of the gastronomic radar. In fairness there are some real delights too so you can be sure of finding something that suits. The wine selection is average at best and anything decent - say a Rioja or Ribera Del Duero - will quickly make a dent in the final bill. It seems to appeal to the more, ahem, mature crowd but is non the worse for that.  
went there without booking few days ago , service was smooth, and pizza was delicious.  
This was one of those unusual occasions when the TA reviews seemed to be out of line with my experience.  
We paid a visit based on Trip Advisor, booking a table for dinner. We waited awhile to order wine and food, apparently there was a big party and the kitchen was busy, perhaps have more staff to cope! But the kitchen being busy should not have delayed a drinks order! The service was a little basic not friendly or welcoming. The dining room had no atmosphere it was very flat not usually something I come across in most restaurants. The food was really lovely but the lack of service and ambience let this place down, pricey and overall not worth it.  
I am astonished by the number of very good/excellent reviews. The food is OK, but nothing special - the cabbage is a throw back to my memories of school dinners and the chocolate mousse didn't even taste of chocolate. A modern dining experience this is not. No ambient lighting or themed interior. The number of times over the years our presence has been required for family get togethers I really would have expected an up grade by now. 
Small portions and very expensive food for what it is. Service is annoying as they keep coming to your table asking you to order more. Food is quite spicy even though we told them to keep the spices down. Drinks are also very overpriced - £11 for a small gin and tonic where the same thing is sold in other restaurants for no more than £6-8. Quite old environment as well. Reception staff fairly rude and very unaccommodating when we asked for a small birthday candle to be put on one of their desserts. The kulfi is the standard pot kulfis that you can get from any shop. Definitely would not be going again and avoid if you can! 
We went in quite late on a Tuesday night and no one was in. The starters were ok at best with small amounts of mediocre quality meat. The curries were good but the Bhuna was very sweet and the rice was poor quality (old). The service was standard and when we expressed our opinions they didn’t seem too bothered. By no means bad but our experience was average at best.  
Very average - nothing inspirational. Was expecting it to have much more of a wow factor - disappointed 
I came here with a friend, service was great as usual, but was disappointed when a lot of items on the menu were not available - it's always a bit of a downer when you come out for dinner to find your favourite dishes aren't available. Nonetheless, food was nice and comforting, I had he ravioli but portions which was tasty but there wasn't really much on the plate. 
Biryani is really good here 
Visited after Rugby so possibly a reduced menu because there was not a huge choice. Both decided on pizzas nothing else really appealed. Looked OK but base was soggy and chewy rather than thin and crispy as we like it. Taken off the bill so fair play but very disappointing after all the good reviews. Restaurant was scruffy rather than shabby chic and would go elsewhere in future 
A nice family, local, Italian - as opposed to one of the chain restaurants. Homely, shabby chic decor and friendly, attentive staff. Decent wine, average pasta and a pizza with a soggy bottom. Not cheap. OK, but expected much better 
We took the long ride to eat here. Staff was great and welcoming. Haddock and calamari were both fried well and extremely fresh but lacked any real flavor. Best we had in the city.  
Food lovely, friendly enough staff, fairly fast service. My only niggle is at not one point were we asked if we were enjoying our meal. Possibly more casual than i'd expected and not very intimate feeling.  
Good ale, good food, plenty of safe parking. Big garden child friendly. 
visited recently on a works outing pre Xmas. good stuff: staff friendly and very helpful. the place is warm but no roaring log fire. not so good stuff. Food is average at best. bearing in mind the local competition such as the Pheasant just down the road I think I would only go to the White Hart if the Pheasant was booked out. In an area where there are many places offering fare to the weary Heathrow traveler its important to stand out. This place does not. Make your own mind up. 
We have been eating at the George for many many years and have seen it’s wonderful rise from a place that was searching for a purpose (when would a pub EVER run out of gin eh?) To a fresh a and vibrant hostelry. 
Set in a lovely private road (quite literally to the side of Denham Aerodrome), this is a small, quaint little restaurant. 
Visited on a Friday evening with my girlfriend. The homemade pasta was the highlight as well as the friendly staff. 
When we experience a great restaurant, everything has to click. The restaurant itself has to appeal to the senses, with the decor, the seating, the menu, etc. Then comes the staff. You can have the world's finest food, but if the staff are horrible, you won't be coming back. Finally the food. If it impresses, we'll be back. We'll even tell others about it. 
A pleasant and contemporary looking restaurant set amongst a rank of shops on the main road through town, we had initially only intended popping in for a bit of pasta but ended up with a three course meal. The menu offered a good selection of pizza and pasta dishes as well as a few other options if they’re not your thing. 
I chose this based on the reviews but we were underwhelmed by the food and the service. Church Street is lovely on a sunny evening as the atmosphere is great but we found the food to be average and the wine to be dreadful.  
In the area with some friends . Stumbled upon this fish and chips turned out a good find. Very tasty 
Hi Madhu 
Booked a meal for a group of 4 friends after reading good reviews but unfortunately was a bit disappointed. Fishcake and cauliflower panna cotta starters OK but bland and pate tasty but not particularly worth the price. Main course steaks were fatty but accompanying chips great. Trio of lamb variable the shepherd pie was delicious but the other pieces of lamb were tough and sinewy. Overall the food was acceptable but didn't warrant the bill of £274 for 4 starters, 4 mains, 3 puddings and 2 bottles of wine. Service OK as we did feel the whole experience was rather rushed. 
A favourite of many looking to celebrate a special occasion. I have to say the place does have a lot of character but on the times I've been, the food has never quite been up to the standard its reputation suggests. Its high ratings on here would lead me to think I should perhaps give it one more chance though 
Visited early evening on a Saturday. Place was full. The restaurant is nothing fancy just small and authentic which I liked. Great service, nothing too much trouble. I had the meatballs which were delicious - good generous portion I couldn't finish them all! 
Booked for a birthday lunch, we arrived early and we had a drink in the garden where we were forgotten about. We walked into the restaurant to request our table, where we sat and again without service. The kitchen was clearly overwhelmed by a full house and the staff were apologetic and embarrassed. Almost walked out. Food when it came was good, but not special. 
Since change of management I feel standards have slipped a little bit. Food portions have shrunk, but overall and decent drinking hole if looking for a quiet night out. also have a beer garden which is ok for weekends family times. 
Wonderfully welcoming and hospitable so no complaints at all. Plus the people with me assured me the food was extremely good compared to many other restaurants if it type.  
Some dishes good flavour but very small quantity. Set meal very overpriced. Only one small plate of couscous between four people. Also tiny basket of pita bread.  
The food was good not brilliant, the service was good. 
I had been planning to try this local restaurant for ages and, from the reviews, I was expecting more. The service was efficient and charming but the food was, on the whole, just OK. Starter of octopus was really small and served in a puddle of tepid slimy mash, the polpettine were good but the best by far was the crispy calamari (not on the menu) - these were perfect. Mains were really disappointing. Linguine alla vongole was terribly salty and really dry - no sauce whatsoever and around half of the little clams were shrivelled and chewy. Now I know pork belly is a fatty cut but this was about 2/3 fat and not pleasant to eat, the best part of this dish was the accompanying vegetables which were nicely cooked. None of the dishes were served piping hot and all were on cold plates. The ice cream was nice and the cheeseboard was good if a little pricey. 
Am not quite sure why this is nearly the most popular restaurant in Twickenham. The food was mediocre and the service was inattentive. Perhaps it was because we didn't buy any drinks.  
I sent my boss with some important clinets here on Monday evening for dinner as we had heard the food was delicious. Arriving at 5:30pm for a 6:00pm reservation they were told by staff outside that the car park for the hotel (and inturn the restaurant) was full, and they would need to park in another car park. My senior team found this reception unprofessional- and surpising at this time; why would the restaurant not cater for parking aswell as the hotel guests? The gentlemen outside did not want to offer any additional assistance, nor did his attitude improve. Nether the less- My boss had waited until someone had left the hotel- to secure a space; again without any help from the hotel itself. The food in the restaurant was worth the trip- however again, this was only being Monday - the bill being asked for- and arriving at the table for payment took 45 minutes. Safe to say the food was increadible, but i will not be sending any of my team here in the future. 
Nothing changes here-conventional menu-noisy clientele and off-hand waiting staff. Food is predictable and somewhat over-priced. We gave it a whirl after a two year hiatus, but as I say, nothing changes. 
Dropped in and had a simple meal, tasty and filling. A pint of ale to wash it down and your off again to check out more of the area.  
Good location , very friendly staff and a great selection of ales on draft . Very fast table service but basic food unfortunately, would have loved to give more stars but just not up to scratch 
For the price that this place charges, I would have expected a better experience... 
I liked the food I had ( Salmon with wild rice),and my partner liked his ( Pollo Milanese).Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. 
Average in every sense which came as a surprise given the reviews. We were there on a Tuesday night, service was pleasant enough although Italian basics like parmesan and ground black pepper were not offered. Food was.....just average and not very inspiring in look or taste to be honest. I always opt for a one off restaurant as opposed to a chain but sadly Masaniello was off the mark. A shame, but as nothing was good to great then we won't be going back. 
This place is really worth going to - their freshly prepared pasta is divine and their pizzas are the best in Molesey! 
We enjoyed our meal at this restaurant but we did not find it anything special. 
This evening my partner and I had a very tasty meal and excellent service at Masaniello, even the chef came out to check if my venison was cooked okay. However, the bread with our olives was a quite stale. Also, we do not feel that for the average price of £16 for a main, there was enough food on the plate. My partner had very little veal and veg, but lots of (unseasoned) potatoes, whereas I had plenty of veg and yet half a table spoon of potato purée to substitute my carbs. As we weren't quite full, we would have loved a light dessert, however we didn't find enough option on the menu (even lacking tiramisu/cheesecake/creme brûlée) so left without dessert.  
Although the food was good, it wasn't special. Far too many tables for space, and felt claustrophobic. Bar area is tiny and where ever you stand you're in teh way. There are better restaurants out there, I was quite disappointed after reading all the good reviews, so don't be fooled. 
I would recommend booking, even in the week as it gets very busy. We sat in the conservatory at the back of the restaurant, which we did not know was there. It was very nice and air conditioned. But I would have preferred to sit at the front which had a nicer feel.  
The food in here is ok. It is reasonably priced . The staff are pleasant and friendly. There are seats outside albeit on the edge of a fairly busy road.  
I'm not sure what to say about this place. On the surface it was good. Had a table booked for 4 of us on a Tuesday night, got in and seated ok, staff were nice enough.  
Good for Pasta, The fillet was very good, unfortunately the Calamari are a bit chewy. 
Nice and tidy small restaurant. Prices are fair for London. Food is good but not that exceptional as the standing (52th place out of about 18.000 businesses) might suggest. Ulm, Boston and Athens are still my best three. 
Went on a quiet Tuesday evening with friends. Waiter was very friendly and attentive. Starter of calamari was very tasty, but main of pizza was less so. I could hardy taste the gorgonzola cheese and the base was very, very tough. So many other good restaurants in Twickenham that probably would not return. 
Finding a nice spot to lunch around Windsor is difficult unless you go to Bray. Gilbey's is a nice place though with good produce and they try to make an effort. However trying too much could be a negative as some dishes are too sophisticated for nothing. Simplicity and quality is the supreme form of elegance and art. They seem to have forgotten it and soon they fall into the ordinary. Complexity is also ridiculius in the way the team is managed. To have waiters with sophisticated ear plugs in such a tiny place is laughable especially when it takes 30 min to get the menu and over 90 minutes to eat one dish. Not worth it sorry.  
We stopped here for a couple of drinks after a running event because we had vouchers for ale in our goody bags. Good selection of beers and gins, although a gin list would be handy rather than having to peer at them over the bar and the classes were grubby. There were plenty of tables inside and out and we decided to stop for food. Few choices for vegetarians and the portions seemed rather small for the price, although they were tasty. No vegetarian options for children. The men in our party ordered children portions of fish and chips and sausage and mash, which were by far the best value and perfectly adequate for an adults lunch. Service was fine but we wouldn't go back for food. Better choice and value for vegetarians elsewhere. 
I had the burger and sticky toffee pudding. Burger was pretty good, had onion, lettuce, tomatoe, nice bun, and my personal favourite, the meat had a nice char. A good burger needs a char. The sticky toffee was decent too. I also had a Fullers 'Frontier' which was good too. Kids enjoyed their burgers and ice lollies. Service was speedy and attentive. Con's - was not cheap (burger £12, normal nowadays I suppose) and menu was actually pretty limited (definately should extend the options a little). Hard to choose between 3* and 4* because what they did, tasted good, but the limited menu swayed me down. 
I have not visited this restaurant since it opened many years ago at half the size it was now. I have to say I found it uninspiring. I started with scallops in a limoncello sauce which completely overpowered the scallops, not a good start. This was followed with turbot in a langoustine sauce. I had said I didn't like fish in tomato based sauces and what did they recommend, the result was the langoustine sauce which was tomato based! A translation problem I hope. I scraped the sauce off and found the fish nice enough though. My friend had a steak but he was not particularly impressed, nice enough but not wow. We were a group of friends and after discussion we all felt he same, OK! 
Location is great and the courtyard is wonderful, whilst the staff are very pleasant it did take a while to get served and our table wiped. Food was pub grub and we were expecting a little better for the look and feel. The chips tasted like they had been frozen and done in an oven.  
I have some great memories here as I've been returning for some 10+ years. 
We had the steak and an order of fish and chips as well as starters of soup du jour and smoked salmon. The starters were very good. The fish and chips was very nice, a massive piece of fish and decent chips. The steak was just ok. It’s a pub with nice atmosphere and a quaint interior. We may go back if we have another long layover at Heathrow but we also might not.  
The food was good but not exceptional. Several items were off the menu but we did go there at 8.30pm on a weekday evening. We would visit again to see if more choices were available if we visit earlier, as maybe this was a one off. The pie was nice as was the burger but this was rather small. The chips were unusual in that they were crispy and a bit greasy. Again, this could have been the fact we were there at 8.30pm, although this should not really matter. Standards should be consistent. It was nice to see a real fire. Staff were friendly. Give it a try. It is everyday pub food. 
Good Italian food, seafood spaghetti really excellent. Something is lacking but I cannot put my finger on it, just missing the personal touch 
This usually good restaurant did not live up to its reputation. Usual bustling atmosphere but not that busy - however service was confused and the food when it did arrive correctly was delivered on cold plate - we know what that means - cold food also. Expect it was left at the pass while they got their act together working out which table was having what. Not good enough guys. 
I went with high hopes, having read Tripadvisor reviews which raved. As a Yorkshireman, I believe I know a good fish & chip dinner when I see/eat one. I always order haddock, skinned before being battered and fried, as I cannot get used to the Southerner's love of cod, so devoid of flavour. 
Was very disappointed given the ratings. Main meat courses in particular were poor - escalopes with lemon - small quantity of meat, covered with overly sweet sauce. Vegetables - plain steamed carrots and beans - not even seasoned. Very expensive for quantity. Chicken stuffed with ham and cheese again no better than supermarket fare. Came with wrong sides. Starters very basic choice - supermarket mozzarella and tomatoes etc. The pasta starter the best thing on menu - maybe that's the trick here - stick to pasta and maybe pizza. Limited wine by the glass and only prosecco - both average and not cold enough. Over £50 a head for 2 courses and 2 glasses. 
I went there as part of the West London curry club in October. The mains were very good, really liked the lamb. Great that it is boyb as there is a Sainsbury's close by. Only problem I found was the size of the place, it feels like a takeaway that has had tables put in the waiting area. I was really looking forward to visiting this place because of all of the great reviews but we did not feel welcome by the staff and had people waiting outside for a table that were angrily looking in waiting for us to leave. I had to constantly get up during my dinner to move for people to go to the toilet or leave (these were also people not part of our group). For this place to be really good they need to relocate to a bigger premises to accommodate their customers. 
We decided to visit this restaurant based on the reviews we found here. 
Me and my husband had dinner tonight at Madhu's Heathrow and we were greeted by your host who was inappropriately dressed. This made me extremely uncomfortable through the evening. This is a family restaurant and you really need to pay attention to your hosts that meet & greet you upon entering the restaurant, to be dressed appropriately. The food was great and the staff were very welcome. 
Went in for a dinner service on a Saturday evening. The welcome and the service was good throughout the evening. We were a party of 5.  
We arrived ahead of the time we'd booked, but were shown to our table and given menus - but then saw no one for more than a quarter of an hour. I went to the bar to get some drinks, and the manager admitted he'd been sidetracked. A young waiter carried our drinks to the table and took our order for starters. When these came, we ordered our main courses. The restaurant area was by now quite full, but the delivery of food seemed to have dried up. The young waiter then came and announced that the two cooks had both walked out. He apologised and explained that the manager was now in the kitchen and had called another cook to help. Nobody complained all the time we were waiting, and the young waiter continued to be courteous and apologetic. We finally got our food after waiting for about an hour and a half - brought by the manager himself! We both had pies, with mash and green veg, and enjoyed it. Our final bill was reduced by 20 per cent, in recompense. Not quite the evening we'd planned, but not a total disaster either! 
Very busy even on late Sunday afternoon. Food Ok but rather expensive for what it was. Service not particularly good. 
I'd been looking forward to coming here for a while due to the good reviews and great sounding menu, so I'm a bit disappointed to only give it 3 stars. The restaurant itself is really lively and has a great atmosphere, although it was very hot inside and by the end of the night I couldn't wait to get out. The chairs and tables didn't help matters as they were cheap, small and uncomfortable which is surprising for a restaurant of this calibre. Staff were polite and attentive so all good there. However I just came away feeling a bit robbed. To start I had the calamari which was almost £7. I was expecting something good for that money but was given a very average portion of calamari that tasted very average too. For mains I had the lasagne for £10 which was very nice, home made and very tasty. My husband had the roast rack of lamb which he said was very nice but the portion size for £18 was tiny! With one beer and one glass of prosecco each, our portion of the bill was £70. I don't think that's a lot for a good meal but I couldn't help walk away feeling slightly cheated by it all. We went with great friends so overall had a lovely evening. 
Atmosphere is cozy and nice, but the food is average. For dinner I had the tomato soup with bread. After waiting a long time for the food to arrive I was given 4 small pieces of bread and a bowl of pasta sauce. Yes, pasta sauce. After I finished the bread I could not bring myself to drink the rest of the pasta sauce by itself... 
Have been coming here for many years and always enjoyed the food. However, have noticed a drop in standards recently. Sea food Spaghetti sauce a little watery and not as thick and flavoursome are previous. Also noticed Fried Calamari a little on the bland side. Perhaps they have changed Chefs.... 
the food here is a gift from whichever god you worship, a feast to delight the eye and the tastebuds. 4 of us went for lunch, all with serious appetites for food and wine, and we did not hold back. the resulting bill was well below what i expected, terrific value. i have rated it 3 stars however, because the waiter, the head waiter i think, made a point of reminding us that service was not included, and suggested that we might want to leave something on the table. i'm not tight, aim to leave about 10%, but i do not want to be told. hence, i'm not comfortable about going back 
Used to go here all the time. Have a loyalty card. Been a bit absent recently due to one episode of really salty food (more than one dish) plus repeatedly poor service (as in not noticing when water, wine etc finished), no complimentary drinks any more, very disappointed, won't be going back I'm afraid  
It was recommended by a southern Italian. I was hoping to get some realistic, not real, Neapolitan food. Well... The fish was excellent. The linguine with vongole were just linguine with oil, capers and olives with a few good clams added to give the name to the plate. They just didn't blend in. Capers and black olives with the clams are unheard of in Naples. And not only. The pizza was OK. Average. The menu disappointing and nit very Neapolitan. The dessert list was nothing to look at and in a Neapolitan environment you would expect something more. The noise was unbearable and the service ok.  
Great ambience and waitress just a pity that the food was disappointing. We had calamari and chicken livers for starters which we did not enjoy.Can however say that the chips were excellent. Apple and rhubarb crumble - where was the rhubarb? Also worrying that if you add a tip onto your card the staff do not receive it as it is retained by the company! 
On our recent visit to Averna, I was surprised that there was no kids menu or even a kids size pizza?????  
The four of us enjoyed a most pleasant dinner. the dining room at the back was very attractive but I warn you that the door outside seems to be opened by staff frequently which on a cold evening can be annoying. My daughter asked for a different sauce with her meal and was informed it was not available but after I asked for the member of staff to describe a dish I wanted I pointed out the sauce was the same as my daughter had asked for. At this point the lady agreed she could have the sauce. We thought the steaks were a little tough and the price a little high but my wife was delighted with the meal and the venue. 
We had looked at Bagatti's several times, when frequenting Karnavar and Brasserie Vacherin its two neighbour restaurants, and thought it time to give it a try. On a chilly February Thursday evening, it was welcoming. Cheerful staff and bright airy premises. The menu is pretty extensive and we thought that the orecchi and ravioli ok though with more sauces than we expected. The pannacotta was similarly ok though my carrot cake was on the heavy side. In summary, it made a nice change but the food was nothing to rave about. The sauvignon blanc from Fruili was light and fruity and good. The Ponte Nuovo under Croydon Flyover is in our opinion the better of the two Italian restaurants 
Not worth the money. Go to å little bit upscale restaurant, and get much better food for almost the same price. Do not serve wine. Will not come back. 
A friend and I ate here yesterday, first the good points. 
My wife and I have been coming to windsor for the last year or so for nice days out and we have often frequented the George inn Eton for Sunday lunch. I am not one to complain and hane no complaint with the level of service as it's always been second to none for a pub/restaurant if seems little rushed and chaotic at busy times . 
There was a Christmas party in the main restaurant when we arrived but seating was available in the bar area from where we could still order (at the bar) from the main menu. 
A foodie friend of my *really* rates this place. After lunch today I'm not entirely sure why; his taste is usually bang on. Service was competent and entertaining and the menu is well thought out along familiar Italian lines. One comes away with the impression that they can cook and understand flavour; but possibly struggle to get fantastic ingredients. Was that rocket from a supermarket bag? And why wasn't the presentation on the plate a lot better? Highlight; the parma ham with pear and balsamic reduction & rocket salad. I'm left wondering if the highlight is the mains or maybe the very good looking Pizza. I'll question my friend some more before deciding whether to return soon. 
From outside looks like a very small bar with a few tables. 
The atmosphere of this restaurant is good, the staff are polite and with good customer services. Downsize is the prices on this restaurant, they seems quite expensive. 
I went out with a group of friends to this pub and had Pizza. They were nice but were not cheap. I believe they do have promotions on these. 
I suppose their defence would be they had two large groups in last night. However it was only 24 people. So we arrive at 7.30, and we waited. Food orders eventually taken at 8.00, food arrived at ............ 8.45. Good job we had a lot to catch up on. Gammon very salty, pie served almost cold. On a quiet night it could be good but for a group booking I wouldn't recommend it. 
We had a dinner in here a few days ago. On first impressions the restaurant seemed very smart, quite spacious. 
Having dined at Averna many times and enjoyed every visit, we celebrated my birthday by booking a table here. The service this time was below an acceptable standard and the food was pretty average. My starter had obviously just come out of the fridge and was very cold. The lasagne had no garnish or salad with it and my husband's food was very rich. The desserts were lacking in flavour and we did not bother staying for coffees.  
Had been recommended to eat here a few times but wasn't greatly impressed. I was expecting more. The food was satisfactory and we had some mix up's with the orders which made it problematic. Not sure we would return again. 
Took a business colleague for dinner. Friendly staff, fairly busy place. Took more than one hour to get our food. Had the grilled tuna steak, which I requested be cooked rare. It can well done, but tasted well, just chewy as well done tuna will be.  
starters are amazing and enjoyed the main course also, unfortunately found the service was not so welcoming but overall food was good, might be back 
Four of us, travelling with a baby had lunch here a few weeks ago. The garden was quiet and well away from the road but had no sun shades. These were all in front of the pub for the benefit of the smokers. The staff were friendly but the pub does not open before 12 although the web site stated that it did open at 11. 
Went here for a meal last night, exterior was very inviting with lovely hanging baskets and looking very quaintly English. Staff were pleasant enough and food was slightly expensive for what you got. The menu is very limited, we went for the lamb Kofta starter which was a lamb kofta, flat bread, lettuce and mint sauce, I have to say 
There were 4 of us and two people had the fish cakes and both had stomach upsets after which is a shame because they really enjoyed the food. The fish and chips was average but the best dish was the salmon carpaccio with the toasted bread. 
Typical suburban pub. The canned music and gaming machines subtract from any atmosphere. Food served quickly by attentive waitress.  
One of the better Fuller's pubs but sadly the menu seems to have shrunk and not to my taste ..  
Two business colleagues and myself went in to The George last night. I felt I had to write a review as thanks to two gentlemen who had had a little too much to drink the evening was slightly spoiled. There really is no excuse for the rudeness they showed to the staff who I have to say showed admirable patience and respect which really wasn’t deserved. Eventually they were asked to leave and not a moment too soon I might add. One of these idiots said he was going to go on to Tripadvisor. I think it only fair that a review also comes from someone who was sober. We were also a little disappointed that we couldn’t tip our waitress personally, having been told that tips are shared. Other than that we had a good evening, were well looked after and enjoyed the overall atmosphere, tho I do think a little background music wouldn’t go amiss. 
I try to be honest and give credit where credit is due. so this is my story on my recent visit to Averna. We read the reviews and it had be recommended to us by someone we met. so decent expectations upon arrival.  
A short walk from the Mercure hotel. It was very quiet, but the food took an eternity to arrive. I had the gammon ham, which transpired to be ham, the eggs were over done and the rustic chips were French fries. My wife had the burger, which was apparently quite nice. However, the onion rings are highly recommended. Won't be going back.  
Table booked for 6 well in advance. Ended up being seated on a table for 5 and had to use a comically small chair to make up the 6th place. Not quite chin on the table but felt we'd been squeezed in somewhere they shouldn't really have. We were sat in the bar area on a busy Saturday night with other customers occasionally using our table to stand drinks on! I think they'd overbooked and the table we had should really have been left for people just in for drink. 
Sunday lunch: 
Reviews were so strong that we were confident that this would be at least a very good experience. However, the food was not exceptional (I cook better curries at home and I am not Indian), the tandoori mixed grill was below par (skimpy, and warmed up from yesterday?), the accompanying rice (2.50 pounds for a small helping) was less than magnificent, and the prices were higher than advertised on the web. Perhaps our greatest disappointment was that we didn't receive the good value that we had expected. 
We came here after reading the very high reviews. I won't say that we were completely disappointed with our meal, but the following details our experience. 
I was taken to dinner here the other evening.  
I just had a beer here. I was hungry and wanted to order from the interesting menu but the wait for food was too long. The pub did not appear busy .... there were many empty tables. I said I could just order something simple like a salad but was told the kitchen was too busy. They need more staffing here! 
Attracted by the high position and great reviews we visited the Indian Express. I must admit, the lamb was very tender and the mango pickle had great taste. But the rest of the food and taste was average. All restaurants in India score better. Nothing special and I don't know how it got at this position. Haven't seen any Indian (or Pakistany or Bangladeshi) persons eating here. Don't get me wrong about the food, its OK, but not more than that. PS - bring your own wine or beer, because they don't have an alcohol license. 
Food was actually very nice and the standards where as expected from this well known establishment. Service was lacking, shame given the setting and clearly an effort made on ambience. Very very silly policy of not being able to take away excess food. We over ordered to sample multiple dishes to find to had to leave it behind.......... 
This was our second time back to Al Fassi. The food has not faded in the two years since we had our first meal here. I started with a roasted eggplant salad that was just as good as I remembered. The dish was perfectly spiced and served atop some shredded greens. It was a perfect way to start the meal. Unfortunately, it took about 35-40 minutes to get the appetizers to us and the same for the mains. There was a large group upstairs which obviously demanded the attention of staff. However, everyone who entered with us, or after us, had to wait just as long. Absolutely no apologies and no explanations were offered to anyone. We just all had to figure it out ourselves. We would have left had it just been the two of us but we invited another person to dine with us. None of us had a complaint about the food. It was just delicious and portions were more than adequate. It is just unfortunate that they did not offer an explanation or any type of apology for the horrendously slow service. 
Food is not fantastic. My colleague and I Ordered a lamb and chicken briyanis . A bit disappointed when we look at the portion. The mutton and chicken are cut in a very small cube sizes and mixed with rice. Thought it would be a piece of chicken or mutton placed aside. .but I have to say the sauces are good. Naans are also up to standard. A thumb down for the tea which I ordered. Lipton tea tastes better. 
have to admit, my expectations were high reading all those great reviews. location is nice, tiny, clean. food was ok, not great though. tikka masala was very tomato heavy, not spicy at all although ordered.  
My husband and I celebrated his birthday with a trip to London, and one of his top requests was a delicious, authentic, Indian meal. We have some excellent Indian restaurants in Chicago, but as London is know for it's Indian restaurants we were excited to go to one of the favorites. Indian Express was very highly reviewed and I selected it for our first meal in London. 
 Went with friends on a Wednesday evening and it was busy which meant service was a bit slow to begin with but as the evening went on the service improved. The menu is not vast but what was on offer would suit most people. The food was delicious and the potions were good sized. Not too expensive given it’s location to Heathrow Airport. Worth a try if staying in or nearby the Sheraton Hotel 
Was here for a business dinner, and suspect this place might be a "local favorite" for small families and couples, but they were a little hard pressed to keep up a responsive service for our party of 15. 
The sight of six shiny Windsor & Eton Brewery handpumps will have beer lovers licking their lips, but there's a catch. Virtually all the space in the pub is taken up by tables with 'reserved' signs on them. On the evening we visited, the only tiny refuge for non-diners, the 'snug', was occupied by a pre-booked group. So it's standing room only for drinkers. 
We stayed here the night before a flight to NY. We love Indian food and enjoy cooking curries. My other half shared a house years ago with two Indian guys training to be doctors and they showed him how to mix spices and taught him all about curry. When we saw there was an Indian restaurant at the hotel we booked a table. 
This is one of my local pubs and I have eaten here many times but last week I was disappointed with the meal and the slow service. I went on a Thursday lunchtime with some friends - there was only one other table occupied in the restaurant but there were people eating outside. There were only a couple of people in the bar so the place had no atmosphere. The menu had a decent choice of food at reasonable prices for the London area. One thing I hate to eat is peas so I chose ham, eggs, bubble and squeak with a plum chutney sauce thinking I was safe from the dreaded peas! Imagine my horror when my meal came and the bubble and squeak consisted of mashed potato and peas - more peas than potato so I couldn't even pick them out! Not my idea of traditional bubble and squeak which usually has cabbage and potato as the main ingredients with other vegetables added if available. When I questioned the waitress I was told bubble and squeak was made with left over vegetables. Having waited over 40 minutes for my meal I wasn't too pleased. My friends enjoyed their main courses. We decided against a dessert as time was short so we just had coffee. The manager brought three pieces of cake to our table with his compliments because I hadn't enjoyed my bubble and squeak. If you want a quiet meal and are not in a rush then you might enjoy this pub. 
enjoyed the evening but drinks are very expensive.service ok.food ok.would go back again but not on a night with an entertainer as waiters a bit stressed 
Food is ok... You'll never be hungry as the mains are huge portions. The quality is not as good but there again it reflects on the price. If you want cheap and not care much for taste then this is the place to eat. 
we booked a table for 15 of us and were in the barn, great little room but felt like school dinners, food was not great unfortunately all round, most tasty thing was hummus and pita :( burgers very bland, fish and chips very greasy, veg soup was stodgy, service was incredibly rushed - before we had finished starters they were taking plates away, same for main, staff not particularly happy - appreciate the restaurant was busy but overall would not go back. ps don't usually write bad reviews but this was very disappointing 
I stayed here for 4 days, initial impression was good, however, it did not prove so. The staff do not seem to go the extra mile to see that their guests have a pleasant stay. The bedroom is clean and there was plenty of hot water. I have stayed in some places where there has been no hot water. The food was good, but pricey. The breakfast on the first morning was awful, the eggs were not cooked properly, the beans and mushrooms were cold, and was put off eating breakfast for the remaining two days. However, on my second morning I had a pleasant surprise, someone different was cooking breakfast, his name was Mark and he was warm, friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. A stark contrast to my previous experience the day before, if all the staff took a leaf out of Mark's book it would encourage guests to return time and time again. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mark for his care, a real gentleman. 
The earth shattering snores from the room next door kept me awake all night. However I think I was unlucky to be in that particular room. The staff were very welcoming and helpful, and my room was clean and the bed very comfortable. 
Visited Gilbeys with some business colleagues - my meal was disappointing although it was perhaps an unfortunate choice on my part as my friends found the food to be good. 
l popped in just for a slight snack..... and the it was a very nice and quite in there..about a year ago... l wanted help from the staff to dial out for a cab as the public phones were not working..... the young man was very polite and used his personal phone to dial for me as their phone their business phone was not working.... he made it out of his way to be polite to us...... time to say thank you to your staff,,,, :) 
Sought out for decent beers and food for an early evening meal as staying at an hotel nearby that served very poor food. 
The pub was nice and staff was good but the cod meal we had was crap. The fish had no taste and texture was mushy. 
We stumbled across this Pub on the way to Heathrow. It's nicely presented from the outside and in and has plenty of tables to eat at. The menu is small but has some nice sounding dishes. I chose bacon, egg and chips. 
This review is for the Madhu's restaurant only and not for the hotel. I did not stay at the hotel, but had dinner at Madhu's 
Authentic English pub atmosphere, nice food, friendly service. But if Paddy (pub owner) "invites" you on a brewery tour, be wary ... and prepared to pay a hefty £25 for two people.  
Popped in here tonight before a trip to the cinema. It always looks busy inside, so we decided to try the Prima Fila as opposed to the Thai restaurant opposite.  
I like to support local establishments and this place is OK. Our last visit was a Sunday and a large group had booked in so I didn’t expect great service and neither was it received. They were clearly short staffed and we waited a while for drinks and food. They got one of the orders wrong due to the lovely waitress having to rush about. Standard of food was average which about summed up the overall visit. 
We have visited Gilbey's on a number of occasions down the years, this time early in a Saturday evening, not so good points service not great as it got busier there is one person doing meet and greet and serving the front of house, so starters arrived while still waiting for our wine. Gin and tonic not cold enough, heard another table struggle to get there white wine cool enough also, so 1 more member of staff would make a huge difference. 
The food here is quite good and varied. Has just the right amount of spice. Unfortunately, the service is not good. We asked for water over and over. We had to walk back to the front to get menus.  
Wanted to try something different to the busy pheasant so tried the white hart. Traditional pub decor and good service but really standard food. STP was very poor no real sauce to it. 
Acceptable restaurant , food good and good service. Not too expensive. Can’t give more than 3 start being an Italian guy . 
Good family pub well priced menu good place to have few drinks or food. Next to major heathrow hotels 
Firstly I am trying to working out whether all the reviewers who have given this establishment a 5 star rating are related to the owner or never tried Indian food! I don't know which?? 
The staff provide a very friendly service and it is very popular. 
It was a very well organised lunch in Sheraton skyline. The service was very attentive and professional. Food was also good. It worked perfectly as a brunch concept. Liked the attentiveness of the Manager Mr Vinod, supervisor Ali and the server Cajetan. The entire family enjoyed except the fact that we had two kids of 7 years age and we had to pay £60 for both of them which was a rip-off 
Went to restaurant 2nd visit first was a 50th birthday this was just 2 of us, tried booking on line, table was not available till 9pm called direct and got a table at time we wanted. 
Not bad for airport food. 
Average food, could do with serving a little later than 9pm though. 
Having looked at the reviews I decided to book this restaurant before the Rhianna concert. I have never been to Twickenham before and the location of the restaurant is excellent and we were able to sit outside. We ordered some wine and olives although the wine came the olives did not so we had to ask for them again. Both tables next to us also had to ask more than once for food they had already ordered. One couple even just got up and left because we were all saying that the service wasn't great and they got the wrong drinks to start off with. Anyway the food was ok nothing special but not over priced so we got what we paid for nothing more. I felt the pasta dishes were slightly on the small size. I would definitely eat in this location again but sadly not at this restaurant. 
I come to Windsor nearly once a year to celebrate my birthday, so this occasion I was looking for some where different, I noticed that this was top of the pops on trip advisor in the area, so me and my wife decided to give it a go. 
I’m not sure what others rave about. I eat curry a lot and don’t think the curry here is that great, it’s ok but nothing special.  
Stayed at de hotel next to Madhus so thought why not give a try!! Cnt fault the service but food was jus average overrated/overpriced!! Music was too loud which made de experience very uncomfortable as people had to talk really loud to communicate :s  
This is an OK place to spend some time before going through to the madness of duty free shops. Nice relaxing place to have a drink and not to noisy. Even the Sports TV wasn't too intrusive. Staff OK too. 
This small Italian offers great pizzas and basic Italian cookery. For a pre-cinema supper it's great or for a simple catch up with a friend. However, didn't have a great experience with the set-menu - badly cooked offering sent back and even worse Carbonarra floating in cream, not an egg in sight. Have been for evening pizza and that was good. Staff are welcoming and attentive, mostly. 
Whilst we had an enjoyable evening, we found Cibo to be fairly expensive compared to the previous evenings dinner at another local restaurant. 
We popped in to find a range of local ales, very pleasing. 
This restaurant has middle of the road Indian food , no surprises here Except for the high prices . I would visit again the food was fine  
Located in the Sheraton - just a stone's throw from other local hotels - Marriott & Holiday Inn Ariel. Unusual menu- good. Chutneys and mini-popadums came on the house. A pleasant surprise. Really tasty collection. They talked me into the fish as a “starter” - but a whole sea bass is a bit too substantial as a starter so you’d better be hungry. It was barbequed, with crispy skin on the top but strangely soft and moist on the underside. The signature lamb main, a generous portion, contained some bones with marrow. Rich but not outstanding –somewhat salty rather than spicy. Very popular with Indians which I assume is a very positive sign of quality and authenticity. 
We used Madhu's as our caters for our reception and it wasn't bad seeing as my husband selected them. 
The traditional food on offer is good staff friendly service is good wine list is fair good value the decor is a little dated but clean the steaks are excellent nice choice of chefs specials good size portions all round a good family run restaurant with good value homily traditional food not flash or trendy but a good night in a old style restaurant 
The food was Over priced and average .Service not very good. Had to spend your time attracting the waiters attention. Part of four one starter did not arrive. Would not recommend or visit again 
Popped in for a drink at lunch time ... it's a lovely old pub with character.. 
As a local of Harlington, I have been to The White Hart a few times. Normally the service is good but the last time I went, the waitress was rude and unfriendly. Definitely won't be going back there. 
Have eaten here many times over the years and although the food is usually good it is pub grub and not restaurant food. We had ham egg and chips £10.50 and steak and kidney pie and chips also£10.50 Two drinks- a pint of London Pride and a small (200 ml) diet Pepsi £6 04 We had two of the cheaper things on the menu In general most of the starters were nearly£7 and the mains£15- £20. The ambience and service were good but the prices are not as good a value as they once were. 
I really like The George - the pub is lovely, the staff are nice and the garden is a great place to hang out for a few hours in the sunshine. Good beer too.  
Read a couple of reviews beforehand and expected it to be close to them. Really being married to an Italian and going to the country for the last 35 years fancy dining doesn't really fit the Italian theme. Good presentation but a little on the "quantity" side for my tastes. Gnocchi a bit too light not enough bite to them. Good all in all but had much better. 
Decent enough meal but little imagination and it felt like the staff weren't bothered if you were there or not. 
We were curious to experiment this restaurant since it ranks number 1 in Twickenham! We have been dining in a few other place in Twickenham, so our expectation was quite high... And we've disappointed, the food was average: under-cooked risotto with very poor texture, closer to boiled rice than a proper risotto! Another thing to mention was the poor air extraction, a lot of kitchen smell in the restaurant but not the good one, rather the one that makes you think "I'll have to bring all my clothes to the dry cleaning!". Only positive point: very good service, smiling staff, most of them Italians (at least in the restaurant room, not sure about the kitchen...). Well don't understand how it became number one, looks rather like a mid-tear place. 
I made the trek from the city to IE because the reviews are incredible. The place itself is just 8 tables, and barely enough space between tables. You will hear other conversations. Call it cosy! 
Madhus - Sheraton Skyline - Heathrow 
We went here on after a recommendation  
The food was pretty good. 
Ordered two servings of lobster pasta. Both pasta had not much lobster meat. Wish Cibo is more generous with their lobster meat. 
My daughter took me here as she had read good reviews. We were disappointed! When we arrived it was packed as it is very small and we were seated next to a table with 4 children and 4 very loud, noisy adults! It was stifling hot, and the english waiter with the dark beard was very rude! The Italian speaking waiter was nice and the food was good but the ambience of the place spoilt the whole experience.Top marks to the chef but that's all. 
Called for drinks while passing from Eton to Windsor. Service was good and quite a roomy pub lots of character. First pub we called in while in the area and felt the drinks were expensive. This was confirmed when visiting others in the area. Nice pint though not good value for a pint of cask and a Bacardi & coke. Didn't return 
The food was very nice but it took ages to even get drinks and food ordered. The fish and chips were great :-) 
Went with a group of 10 friends for early dinner on a Saturday evening. The food was very disappointing but the service was good. The kitchen def let the waiting staff down! Had a turkey balloutine which was a bit of turkey rolled with a horrid sausage and stuffing then wrapped in bacon! It came with insipid looking parsnips and roast potatoes which weren't crispy at all. And veg which was quite nice! Then we had cheese which was ridiculously small in portion size. Cut from blocks and nothing out of the ordinary. We were served bread when we arrived which we are charged for without being told we were going to be charged for it. Very underwhelmed! 
We often order a takeaway from here and the food is great but really disappointed at the size of the portions of late. My curry barely reached the quarter mark of the container, and I only needed a third of a portion of rice as there was barely any sauce. Not what I expect when I spend £8 on the curry alone - my partner and I will use another curry house from now on, which is a shame as the food is pretty good.  
Upon arrival at the restaurant, we waited 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order for a drink and meal. We then waited for an hour for our starter to arrive. The food when it arrived was ok, but did not think it had the wow factor. All in all, for the restaurant ranked no.1 in Windsor by trip advisor when we went there, we were extremely disappointed. 
Reading some of the reviews here seems to suggest this is a cosy little bistro tucked away in Hounslow. This is not the case. We battled our way through a crowd of teenagers to reach the door and were met with plastic tables and vinyl floor which had seen better days. Looks a bit of a dump to be honest, we didn't stick around to try the food. 
Waited extremely long for the main course, so was slightly disappointed because I found the food amazing. 
Although they had nothing on draft (!) the day I was there, the fish and chips were decent and served quickly. The Nutella crumpet was delicious and worth the wait. The service from Jane was great.  
I only had 3 mouthfuls and then had to find a fire extinguisher to put out the fire. 
lovely ambience and decor. Food is ok lovely presentation but very expensive. 
I realise I am going against the grain here, but I was not overly impressed. I'm happy to pay well for good food, I just felt it was rather expensive for what I got. Positives are - portion size (not too large), friendly waiting staff (albeit with bright blue nail polish) well cooked fish (one small fillet) and the ability of the kitchen staff to respond to our picky requests (no tapenade, no onions...) Negatives - although quick to ask if we wanted to order drinks before the meal, it took ages after the last of our party sat down before our food order was taken; the 'walnut toast' that accompanied the unmemorable bacon and game terrine had the consistency of malt loaf, was way too sweet and clashed in flavour; the 'petit fours' that accompanied the after-dinner pot of tea was one tiny piece per person of an unidentifiable chocolate-flavoured cube. Also, we were in the conservatory where it was impossible to hear anyone other than your nearest neighbour, and even then with difficulty (no, I do not have hearing difficulties, and yes, I do appreciate that it was a Saturday evening!). Fortunately I was in a small party with whom it was lovely to dine out, so we had a super evening. Without tip, and drinking one glass of wine, water, a starter, a main, and a pot of Earl Grey, my meal was 45.00. All in all, quite pricey for a very average experience. 
It was Sunday afternoon and we were hungry. We saw a large crowd patronising the restaurant so we gave it a try. The waitresses were attentive and helpful. We ordered the fish and chips and Penne Arabiata. We also had a plate of cooked vegetables. The portions were huge. The Penne was tasty and the fish was ok, not great. Overall it was just a hearty meal to fill the stomach.  
Food not as good as use to be. Plus the bill was over £200 which they said they couldn't give a itemised bill for as they don't have a computer, but given I wasn't drinking no way it could have been this much.. just had to pay; they didn't like being questioned either. 
Visited this restaurant with my fiance on Friday night. 
My husband and I came to Windsor for our anniversary weekend. Since the reviews on here were so positive we decide to eat here for dinner. My entrée was incredible! My husband however was very disappointed with his as he continued to find the pits of the dates scattered throughout his tangine. Please DO NOT order the homemade Moroccan pastries for two!!!! The pastries were soggy, you only got 8 biscuits on a plate, two of which were Scottish shortbread! Could not believe we had to pay £10 for a plate of old biscuits! Really spoiled our evening :( 
The food wasn't spectacular but it was by no means awful . Great menu , lots of choice .  
Visited today to sit in the garden, nice atmosphere even though the staff are not very smiley. Food looked good but gobsmacked to pay almost £9 for a single serving small bottle of prossecco. Appreciate that Windsor and Eton are touristy but please don't fleece your customers and they will come back in the winter too when you need the business! 
This place has a lovely atmosphere but the service from our waiter was very poor. We were waiting for some time to get just a bottle of water to have with our food. The waiter kept disappearing. The starters we ordered they had got it wrong and instead of taking it back and giving us the dish we wanted, we were told they could not change it once it's on the table. Food was Ok but to rich for us and over priced. After the meal sometimes sweets or a savoury snack is offered but this time we did not receive anything. Overall it was Ok but the service let us down.  
Went for my birthday and spent about £150.00 still not satisfied, reasons:- in-spite of knowing we were celebrating my birthday no wishes no reactions. food was good, but since we could not eat all when we asked if we could take it away they denied and said come back next time and eat again, if you liked it, but we do not do take away. When someone is spending an amount of £150.00 atleast expected something better. Last time I celebrated in Brilliant, the entire team there wished and sang for me and made me feel really special. Do not expect free stuff but a good gesture and a little personalized service will be good for the value you pay. Could only see Asian staff from Goa working. 
I live nearby it is a nice busy diner type restaurant. Good for family's and hangovers as they do big full English breakfasts and moniz breakfast. I enjoy thier carbonara and moniz burger. Nice beer on draught goes well. Service is slow but they are always very busy! Nice outside tables too even if you'd just like a coffee  
Visited here last night and had starters of prawns and chicken liver pate, both were good. My main of monkfish was well seasoned and generous, fiancés main of skate wing was slightly over cooked but still good. Restaurant was packed and extremely loud. We didn't stay for desert as we knew it would be a long wait. 
we went here because of all the good reviews by guests staying in hotels around this restaurant. the food was ok but not the best we have ever had. i had some pork chops with a white wine mustard sauce and fries. the sauce tasted well, the meat was a bit to firm and just a little dry. the fries would have been much better if they didn't put the sauce all over the fries making them very soggy. what a waste making nice and crispy fries and ruining them with pouring sauce all over them. I still don't get it why they put pickled veggies on top of that dish. cooked ones would have been much better. the Portuguese beer was tasty though. the restroom could have used a bit more attention. ah, and some weird and annoying dance / techno music was played all the time. 
As a whole the meal was nice. We had Prawns to start which was 4 Prawns for £10 not much in the way of garnish or presentation. We had Skate which was very greasy I had to use a serviette to soak up lots of the grease. The vegetable portions were very small for the cost. The staff were lovely and it was a pleasant meal.  
I LOVE Morrocan Food. It is one of my favourite cuisines that I often cook myself at home. Therefore, I was extremely excited to go and eat at Al Fassia, which had rather good reviews.  
The scenery is certainly not worth eating there. Neither is the decor. The food, on the other side is very decent, fresh and healthy. The kind of food you would eat at home, ideal for workers in the area. A huge couscous salad with corn, peper and olives to start (it is actually a main) and grilled sardines after. All was correct and fresh. The service at this no-frills small restaurant was perfect. The clients were mainly portugue speakers, indicating this is a real portuguese restaurant. 
Have eaten here a couple of times now and although the food has been quite well cooked and the menu is quite interesting and imaginative, we have been disappointed with the ridiculously small portion sizes. For what they are charging you get very little food. Lovely bread was brought to the table but is charged on the bill so plus drinks and 12.5% plonked on your bill it makes for a pricey night out. Service was OK, what you'd expect for a busy Saturday night. Good atmosphere. All in all, probably won't return based on the negatives mentioned which do not outway the positives for me. Sorry! 
We came for a nice meal for two as over the years we have heard several good recommendations.  
Visited with a group of friends for Xmas lunch. Waited almost an hour for starter which was not great. We had to keep getting up from our table to get the attention of waitresses to order drinks and to ask how long our main was going to be. The main again when finally arrived was very disappointing I had the Xmas turkey lunch which actually tasted nothing like turkey it was wrapped in something but not sure what! 2 others in the party had risotto and didn't eat it as it was completely bland. Waitress did apologise but no offer of taking from the bill or an alternative. In the end we didn't stay for dessert and went to somewhere nearby for a lovely dessert. Reluctantly paid the service charge but definitely would not return or recommend - sorry! 
Nice place, but unfortunately not deserving full marks: very good location in the middle of the village; small doors leading to a small diner leading to corridors leading to various rooms here and there; mix bag of people who are there to serve clients and other people who seem to be there to make clients feel that they are lucky to be served in such a place (after so many years working in the UK, I particularly liked the attempt of one of the staff to pretend she could not understand what I was asking because I used an American term rather than an English term...); very good food, with pleasantly unusual food mixes; super friendly bar tender offering excellent wine choices actually based on the food we chose; and then the unfortunate last minute idiotic mistake consisting in imposing a big "voluntary" service charge on top of the already expensive bill without even asking the opinion of the client about the quality of the said service. Really strange practice, that, especially in a place trying to fight above its natural weight: either you want compulsory service charge regardless of actual service, and then might as well add it to the price of the dishes (and people will not change dish because of that...) or you want voluntary service charge (for instance because you want staff to serve well, no matter how snobbish some believe they have to be towards visitors...) and then you might not want to impose such charge on people but rather ask them how generous they want to be. Choose which option you prefer, but not both together, as that is not the right way to score full marks...or be recommended by regular restaurant users. 
Well i read all these amazing reviews amd was rather disappointed. The interior is nice however in the corner is a ticking noise behind a sculpture which really got on our nerves so we moved table. 
Nice food. Slow service decent price why 3 star is because the atmosphere was pretty bad maybe it's because it's summer I don't know wasn't very busy but enjoyed my meal will visit again to see if there's a better evening to visit this place but for now it's Kool. 
My wife myself and my niece walked to this café during our stopover in London. The service was pretty slow, the food was just okay, and it truly is a café by name and in reality. The food was nothing to shout about and was edible. I guess the main thing I would say in this review is that at least there was a place that we could go to that had some sort of food for us to eat before we traveled very early the next day. 
Really noisy place and busy. Big portions of food when it finally arrived. Took ages to get served. Went to pay afterwards and was left partway through my transaction while they served another customer. Not great service. 
This is definitely not a place to go for a quiet meal and conversation with you partner/friends. 
I have been to this pub a few times, however on this occasion the food was very average. I've never had a Thai Green Chicken Curry where the Chicken has been on the bone! Also the rest of our meals lacked flavour. 
We ate here last year with my Mother in Law who is in a wheel chair & my grand-daughter was also with us. The food was good but entry was very difficult with no correct access for wheelchairs. The Polish waitress was very helpful 
I cannot fault the service here in any way whatsoever. They are all so friendly yet professional, and do their best to ensure you enjoy your meal. However, my medium to rare steak arrived very well done, meaning I finished my dinner after everyone else. The steak was also quite fatty. I'd say the food itself was average, not quite up to the price charged. 
DEcided to eat here as it was close to my son and daughter's appartments in LOndon,even though they wanted to go to Gauchos. 
I needed somewhere to have some lunch while taking a call before flying and The George was very convenient. Also, it was quiet for T5... that was a blessing. So, good place for food, without standing, before flying.  
We were looking forward to going to Madu's for a while now. The staff were polite. The Salmon starter in Bannan leaf was delicious. My main course of veg biryani was lovely. The problem started when we wanted some veg side dishes. They said they do not do any veg side dishes and we have to order it as the Main dishes. We ordered too much food. So we requested can we please take the extra food away as we did not want to waste it. The biggest shock came, when they said RESTURANT POLICY IS NOT TO ALLOW ANY ONE TO TAKE AWAY FOOD! As they said sorry it is the Resturant and Sheraton Hotel policy (Some thing to do with their Health policy, what BS as 99% of restaurants around the world do not have this problem). We were disgusted, to know the food we have paid for will be disposed of. I have dined in the most humble restaurants to some of the finest Michelin star restaurants in almost 70 different countries. I have never heard of a restaurant not allowing a guest to take away their food. I will not be returning to this restaurant because of this ridiculous policy. 
We ate here when staying at the EasyHotel, literally a couple of minutes walk. Looks like a nice homley pub. Plenty of choice from the menu. Not too expensive and we all enjoyed our meals. Nice atmosphere. 
Considering it's run by Italians it was not up to scratch. Can only base this on pizza and desert. The pizza had too much oil on top and the desert did not taste fresh. Staff were nice. 
The chicken tagine one was too salty and no one ate it. Although other parts of the meal were satisfactory such as the lamb and vegetable tagine and the service was OK. We were the only ones upstairs so there was not much of an atmosphere. Overall I was very disappointed as I had heard such good reviews about this restaurant an that's wht I had booked it. 
When we arrived at the George, we were welcomed by a female server who showed us to our table. After about ten minutes nobody came to our table so when she sat another group next to our table we called her over so that she could take our order, she said she would call someone else. A server named Chris who was friendly, attentive and apologetic about the delay. We later realised why there was such a delay. He was the only one taking orders, bringing drinks and clearing tables. The waitress who first day us at our tables, did not assist in any way. Different tables were trying to catch his attention and throughout our meal there, he was serving customers on his own. What impressed us the most was that he did it with a smile, double checking with customers to ensure that their order was correct. We couldn't understand why he was the only one working hard, as well as the chef because food came out in less than 15 minutes. But even as we left, the female server was standing by the bar chatting to her colleague at the bar. The food was delicious but my mum's avocado sandwich only had two slivers of avocado. The portions were reasonable and Chris's service was great. It was just disappointing that the other server didn't seem interested in the customers. 
Went there for a meal. Food was not great . Scallops were tiny and just 3 . And meat was over cooked . Very expensive for what we got. Would have gone smiths in onger food there is amazing fir less money . But the staff were very friendly 
We stayed in the area for 4 weeks and only went here right at the end of the stay. It was very good value for money the food was quite good the service great and the wine list all Italian quite good. A great night out for during the week in our view. We'd give it 14/20 based on our experience.  
My colleagues and I enjoyed a wonderful and lovely pint here one evening so we decided we'd give lunch a go here too. The pub opens at noon and we arrived at 8 minutes to 12. On entering the landlord (or gentleman running the bar that day) didnt seem too happy and said "we don't normally let customers in early as they distract us when we're setting up". This wasn't said in a particularly pleasant tone either. Bearing in mind it was now only 7 minutes prior to opening and it was a very cold day we thought we'd be welcomed into the pub before spending £50 minimum on lunches. We were not made to feel welcome so walked to the Griffin instead where we enjoyed lovely foods. In summery, this is a great pub, probably does great food but our strange experience has put us off rather.  
We felt disinclined to remain after finishing our meal. Staff are very welcoming and the food is good, portions being generous, if a bit pricey. The menu is very 'trattoria' which obviously appeals to customers - these being the main problem with this place - there are just too many of them! Tables are crammed in to the max, with staff rushing around lending a frantic atmosphere. The place was full and we just could not hear ourselves speak so we left to continue our evening somewhere quieter. 
I have been here before but my last visit was disappointing. The restaurant is great and the staff friendly. If you just want a pizza it's fine but the main courses were poor. 
We were staying at the sheraton skyline and were assured that we didn't need a reservation here. We went to have dinner and the lady at the front desk said that we actually did. She then blanked us and ignored us after this.  
So lunch was good, roast and veg isn't too hard to get wrong, but probably everyone thought that the portions weren't generous. When you see "semi-dried grapes" as a component of a menu item then it is a disappointment to get just one small semi-dried grape cut in half! As a positive, the beef was well cooked just rare enough. 
Waiting staff were very good and attentive but the food was very average and expensive, prawns in the starter were tasteless and covered in a sauce and the steak main, although cooked right , I dont think it was a good cut of steak, similar to Wetherspoons. 
Nice waiter. Food maybe a bit blander than we anticipated. Good portion size. Quiet and quick service ( we were early and the only ones there)  
Fancied a falafel for lunch so popped along to Mr Falafel on my bike. Honestly, it was nothing special. The staff were grumpy and didn't bother acknowledging me when I said thanks & bye. Falafel very average - have just gotten back from Jerusalem where the falafel I ate was one of the best things I had in my life. Didn't compare - not enough flavour and freshness. Olives on the counter didn't look great either. 
Visited the Sorrento for the first time recently & ordered 4 starters, 6 mains & 4 deserts from the excellent A la Carte menu & specials board. Very good serice & ambience although could get a bit cramped when busy. 
Chose Al Fassia for a meal when looking for somewhere to eat on a Sunday evening when visiting Windsor. Food was good but service a little haphazard. Had to ask for napkins when food was served as none on the table and they were very eager to clear away our plates when we had hardly finished our meal. 
The a la carte menu. 
Standard Italian, less than standard service. They automatically charge for it, therefore they don't need to try, so they don't, I think the word is complacent, not worth going again because of the service 
We ate here on a Saturday evening and we had a booked table for four. Firstly we were seated in the middle row of this restaurant which had the feeling we had been added and squeezed in a last minute attempt to claw more money on a Saturday night. 
Not very busy which you expect in January but this suited us fine. Food was alright but not exactly outstanding. Service was excellent. Price average, about £30 pp, for a three course meal however would really like to see the food a notch better than what was served. We will come again and try some other dishes as we have heard good reviews of this restaurant. We have been once before on their special lunch deal and this was good value for money however it was sooooo busy and noise levels were high so that a conversation was not possible. Maybe third time really lucky! 
Pork skewers were a good choice for starters. 
First time to this restaurant. We had a table for four book it was upstairs, it was rather warm lucky we where next to an open window otherwise it would have been very uncomfortable. The food was not very exciting, I had calamari which was very bland, the muscles had an overpowering flavour of garlic, the meatballs where bland and out of the four starters the king prawns where the better of the four, main course, two of us had the lamb chops which I must say where cooked to perfection, sadly the mashed potatoes had a lot of lumps in it, the veal main course was very bland and again came with lumpy mash, the other main of calzone was ok but nothing special, the deserts where very non plus, the tiramisu was lacking in flavour, I had the panna cotta it was ok, the banoffie Pie was nice and the ice cream was ok. Drinks they had no larger on draft, I do feel for the money we spent it was a disappointment and we will not be returning. During our evening the was a terrible smell of burning a couple of times we did mention this to the waiter and he said the chef had burnt a pizza!!! 
Came here with my family and had a lovely evening, the staff were attentive and the food pleasant. However I found a few issues... 
4 of us had a table booked for 9pm on a Sat night.  
Second visit and both times not my choice .Food is good but not outstanding but service is not great.Bread and olives are charged at £1per person and you have no choice wheather you want them or not so we has spent £ 6 before we even walked through the door.Big gaps between courses and not even offered Coffee at the end of the meal so we had to have one at home.The restaurant was about a half to three quarters full so the staff were not at full tilt.There are some areas that could be massively improved on just by applying a bit more consideration.I have to say Italian resturants seem to have an amazing capacity to self implode when they become popular and this one is heading that way fast. 
Solid enough option for dinner. Wanted a cheaper option than sofitel. The George did the job with a decent pizza and a beer. 
I have been to Madhu's 7-8 years ago (the one in Southall). I loved the food then. I remember thinking that the food was closest you would get in any Indian 5 star hotels. I was there for my birthday in January. Expecting to be as good as I remember. Sadly it wasn't. Great ambiance, friendly/attentive service. 
Visited this place for lunch. The food was ok, however is not freshly cooked at the premises (I couldn't see a kitchen!) The service was good but I don't like microwaved food so therefore I won't be back.  
Great friendly staff and service in a nice interior and location. Regretfully the food was just average (decent burgers but overpriced, good steaks but for £30 I expected a larger better cut, bland greens we had as side dishes, ...) and this is one of the main reasons for going to a restaurant.  
Sam's brasserie is in a wonderful riverside setting, overlooking the Thames and Hammersmith Bridge. It was our first night out post lockdown and it felt really special to be going out to eat for a change. 
Visited the restaurant on Tuesday for a birthday meal with my fried. Must say that I expected much more given the fact that the restaurant is always fully booked when I try to book for a casual meal and all the impressive reviews. Must say that the food is good, large portions, most of the meals very tasty and at very good prices. What put me off is the slow service, old furnitures and the crowded atmosphere. At the end of the evening it was really cold in the restaurant and we all had to put jackets on to finish off our dinner. Asked the waiter why is so cold but he said because of when the door opens and closed ( which was not true) so he did not stop the aircon.In general I would say that it will not be my first option when choosing where to have a meal even a lunch. 
My wife booked my birthday meal here on a Thursday night and it was busy. 
Positives: Good food which is a bit different - and much better than the usual pub grub. The staff are helpful and friendly. 
Eating in airport hotels is generally a pretty depressing experience so we were attracted by the fact that the Sheraton Skyline boasts a branch of the long-established Madhu's of Southall - so much so, in fact, that we chose to stay here overnight before an early flight from Heathrow. 
Menu was limited. Food presentation was excellent. However, the flavors was not a match to the original Madhu's. Service was the best we've experienced at a restaurant. 
Nothing vegan on the menu. All their bread (even the GF bread) contains milk powder. 
Met Friends here Just before they flew back to South Africa.We ordered 2 Beers A Coke and 2 Coffees.And some Snacks.After about 10mins the Waitress came back and said there was no milk.So we ordered different drinks.After a Long wait our order came.We asked if there was any milk yet and she said no.The Bar was not Very busy and we could not understand why we had to wait so long.The Bar and the Ambiance Looks Nice.But its Not Very good for Giving People Happy Memories on todays Performance.The Tables were not Clearex Very Quickly either 
Friendly place food was reasonably but a bit hit and miss..mine was unacceptable hers was digestible. 
I know a lot of people like this place and I can understand why. 
We've eaten here a number of times and it is a bit pricey for what's on offer, underwhelming, but ok. 
Visited here for a meal with friends having been before and loved it. 
What looks like a cool cozy and stylish bar at the airport is greatly impacted by miserable staff. I was served by Connor and he seems like a boy who hates his job. He was serving a lady next to me at the bar and I would say that he was borderline rude in the way he speaks. Connor would be well suited to a non customer facing role  
Food was delivered fast but told we only have 2 hours to complete and leave our table, even though booked well in advance. Feel that food was rushed and not really time to enjoy the evening, but portions ample, so no complaints there. 
I eat here 4-5 times a year with a group of girlfriends. Although the food is cooked very well, I don’t understand why the restaurant refuses to let you have their bread and dips until you have placed an order! I find this very odd - no other restaurant I dine in has this policy. Perhaps the manager can help me understand why this is?  
This is a popular restaurant. We went on Tuesday night and it was fairly busy. You may need to book if you want to go at the weekend. 
Food was reasonably priced for the quality of it, had the spicy pizza and can’t complain. Waiting staff were friendly, nothing special but nothing bad.  
Firstly you cannot fault the staff nor the ambiance it was great. However the starter of Scollops 
For a Monday night I wasn't expecting a busy restaurant but Niyom Thai was empty but I still gave it a go. The menu was your typical Thai, nothing out of the ordinary. The food lacked flavour and the freshness you expect from good Thai food. I'll try somewhere else next time I'm in the area. 
We had never visited this restaurant, but decided to give it a try based on a recommendation from my parents and the glowing reviews it had received on Trip Advisor.  
My hubby and I had breakfast here before I flew to the states and it was average at best.  
Appears to have gone slightly downhill since the lovely Jan has departed. I've always loved this place and considered it one of the best Thais in the uk for authenticity but sadly on Friday it disappointed. The starter was amazing really good but the king prawn in fracked black pepper was terrible for 13 quid - tiny prawns and I did actually mention because it was so bad that they were so small and it was greeted with a shy smile and shrug. So I left it ! What else could I say. The Penang was watery with no lime leaves and the phad thai lacklustre and I never get why they serve lemon instead of lime ! The menu has changed since a few weeks ago and it was just a shame. We can walk from our house and I'd hate it to go more downhill. Hopefully the owners will read this and react.  
Our meal at Madhu's was average at best. The restaurant is crowded however the staff are helpful and attentive. It does get noisy, so avoid this place if you are looking for a quiet dine in option. Prices are reasonable considering this is London, however the biriyani and the mutton dish highly recommended by the staff were a let down. We live in the Netherlands (with barely any Indian dining options) and were looking forward to this place. Bland and rushed in is the best way to describe the dishes. I'm hoping there is more to this place than what we experienced on our visit. 
Nothing really special here to be honest i mean how hard is it to cook a kebab on a grill tastes exactly same as most turkish restaurants even takeaways but at treble the price we went in a sunday afternoon for my mums birthday was absolutely no atmosphere in this place whatsoever they could of played some back ground music but nothing waiters not the most friendliest in the world Dont smile /talk much etc etc also the the 20% service charge they put on the bill is a bit of a liberty esp after charging fortune for food and drinks : to the manager this is uk not america but other than all that was ok food was tasty bottled beer was good  
We went for dinner last night and tried the tasting menu. None of the dishes were outstanding and I felt that they were all quite samey in the flavours. I was vegan for 10 years and felt that the vegan offerings were not satisfying compared to other restaurants. I left feeling hungry and annoyed for having spent so much on a disappointing meal. Service felt curt. Shame as we are local.  
I was taken here as a birthday treat. My friend booked in advance. On arrival we were told that due to a change in their license they couldnt sell alcohol but we were welcome to go to a local shop- one being pointed out to us- to buy drinks and bring them back. Despite reservations about leaving me alone, my friend went to get a bottle of prosecco as that's a tradition for us. On her return we were then informed there would be a £5 corkage fee that hadnt been mentioned before. We had to agree tobpay it but it caused some disappointment for us. We went on to thoroughly enjoy our meal and were happy with that. When bread and olives were brought to the table we both instantly wondered how much it would cost as well. It soured the overall experience but we fully appreciated the quality of the food 
There were 3 of us, we went on a mid-week evening, The atmosphere was pretty zero , as we were the only ones in the 1st. floor restaurant. Having said that , we did not see anyone else on the ground floor. The quality of the meal was good all round. 
Have been here a few times as we have family in Richmond.  
Overall good food but the portion sizes of the deserts were pretty outrageous. £6 for a tiny slither of cheesecake. Come on. Not impressed 
Lunchtime snack needed for me and my daughter. A very limited vegetarian option. So I opted for the Brie and bacon sandwich without the bacon. Apparently it came with rhubarb chutney but I had some kind of tomato salsa instead. Very very thin slices of Brie. My daughter had a Caesar sandwich which she liked. Best of all was the Mac and Cheese which was very nice. Toilets were clean. Atmosphere was very smokey as I think their chimneys may need sweeping. Good pit stop but nothing special. 
Iv eaten at the george many times and thoroughly enjoyed my food,though the meal I had last night fell short,the portion sizes were small and the quality of the food wasn’t gr8 ...I really didn’t feel it was value for money.... 
We visited this pub on a midweek evening. We arrived at about 6pm and were told we needed to eat quite early as the restaurant would be closing early. Also half the menu was unavailable as the chef was new.. 
Lunch on Saturday and save for the three of us (and staff) the restaurant was empty! Did not help with the ambiance. As we sat down to order hoped it was probably due to it being in the basement on a sunny warm day... and not because of the food! Place needed more air conditioning as it was a little too warm.  
Made welcome and the service was very good, had scallops and prawns starter, this was very tasty, would have preferred the ciabratia bread un toasted. However having chosen monkfish for main, was very disappointed at the lack of taste, in fact I very much doubt that it was monk fish?. It was the texture of cod. Couldn't taste the brandy in the sauce either. The tiger prawns were too small to have been them. We did not complain as we did not want to ruin our afternoon. The wine was nice but was shocked that it cost £20.50 a bottle!, pino griegio is a cheap wine!. Will not be going back I'm afraid. 
Lovely Italian restaurant, go here 2/3 times a year unfortunately food has gone down hill a bit, it is average food but still enjoyable. The waiters are what make it, there very friendly, up beat and have a great sense of humour. It’s just a shame the food doesn’t match up to the staff. Great value for money. 
Having given this lovely restaurant an excellent rating before I cant say the same this time. We visited on Monday evening and was pleased to see how busy it was but the food really lacked the quality we had previously experienced. Very bland, flavours were missing and presentation lacked the expertise we were used to. We felt the chef on duty was not committed and maybe it was because the owner wasn't on duty to oversee the service. 
Stuck in a traffic we decided to abandon an orignal plan and hopped into Madhus at the Sheraton Skyline , bath road. Carrying its reputation from its Sothhall outlet was a let down. Limited menu and not very efficient service. But enjoyed the meal in any case. 
My wife and I had a nice meal there this evening although one of the starters was very salty. Explained to the waitress that it was too salty so we could not eat it and they still charged for it but removed it once I complained. I requested if we could take the food we could not eat since I had paid for it. The manager gave some lame excuse that Sheraton does not allow it as somebody might claim against Sheraton if the food causes a problem and they had mentioned it on their website. For the prices they charge, this seems a silly policy. 
Have spent some time trying to find good restaurants within striking distance of Woking. So far, there are only two I would rate as "excellent" (Bellini, St Johns and La Meridiana, Horsley). Given the rave reviews this restaurant received, I was hoping to add them to the list, but there is no way I could. 
We were the only one's in this small restaurant all the time we were there. 
Nice food but not worth waiting 2 hours for!. 
Nice, little breakfast. Good prove but not very plentiful. Egg was undercooked. Good and friendly service. 
Sandwiches were good, toasted tea cake good, although I would have preferred to have it hot. The scones were inedible, stale and hard, I did tell the waitress who said she would let the Manager know. Unfortunately it would put me off returning for Afternoon Tea or recommending it. 
lovely gastropub garden is wonderful but please clean your beer line the beer tasted so bad really off putting hopefully when we come back the beer will taste much better 
Its a small restaurant with nice decor , there was only one member of staff , he was waiting and cooking , but surprisingly except for the initial drinks order ,we didn`t have to wait too long for service .  
Their customer service was great, they appeared funny and willing to have a laugh.  
Staff are awesome, very well trained and friendly. 
Over the last years I occasionally had a meal here. I love the ‚old pub‘ atmosphere combined with excellent modern food and friendly service. 
We came here the day before moving house when we were shattered from our exertions! It is is obviously a very popular local restaurant and was already busy at 6.45 on a Thursday. We both had the three course set menu at £16 a head, certainly good value for a generous quantity of food. My starter of insalata tricolore was OK with a lovely creamy mozzarella but could have done with better, sweeter tomato. My wife said her prawn cocktail was good.but nothing exceptional. I thought my main course, spaghetti vongole, was again OK but could certainly have done with more garlic. My wife's salmon was again a large piece of perfectly cooked fish but not exceptional. Desserts were good, my tiramisu especially. 
Nice pub, nice food, nice service and nice atmosphere. But... chateaubriand sharer was an appropriate size for one person definitely not two. And at 60 quid it was stingy to only give one portion of chips and one salad between two also. Left hungry.  
We went to The George not really for the food but for the atmosphere. This time we arrived there too early for lunch. No one was still there but we sat at the outside to see the river. The food was not as good as we expected it to be. However, we were glad visiting the place where we went there before in the past. 
Traditional pub but not quite enough flare to encourage me to re-visit. The menu is exactly what other pubs serve and lacks originality. 
Have eaten here several times in the past and left rave reviews before. It was originally run by a couple of Eastern European ladies and they built a well-deserved reputation for excellent food and great value. Returned for an evening meal with family and I am afraid it is now not as good. The food was OK but the portions were rather small. Not the same quality as there used to be but prices have risen. Not sure I will return now. 
Went to the bar where 4 bar staff were so busy getting orders for outside they ignored us. We only got served after asking if they were serving after about 5 minutes. Also the pervasive smell of the bathroom didn’t help. 
Decent food variety for a cafe that size. We liked the overall feel of the place. But the staff felt little hassled by the Saturday afternoon rush at their place. 
To me this place is a roller coaster, great meal one visit, bad meal next. Staffing at weekends always seems to be a problem. Prices are high, especially for the steaks that, to me, don't meet my expectactions for the prices they charge (I have to admit my standards are high but when you're paying £20+ for a steak I want what I want) Wine is expensive. However, the staff that do attend at the tables are very friendly. 
Being great Grumpy Mole fans, this first visit to the Cheam 'branch' was disappointing. Whilst the food was generally good, apart from the lamb being a little tough and the stroganoff being ordinary yet expensive, the service was way short of what was expected. 
Very friendly and accommodating staff. 
The food for afternoon tea for four people was not enough for the price being charged. 
Four of us went last night following a recommendation from a friend. We all had the 5 course tasting menu and everything was absolutely delicious and really interesting. All beautifully and knowledgably presented. My wife and I agreed it was right up there with the best meals we have experienced. We shall return. 
Have eaten at this venue a few times, the quality seems to vary from fairly good to not so good, maybe they change the chef. When it first opened a few year back it was nice, but last time I went I had to send a meal back 
We popped in for breakfast after reading the reviews but have to say weren't that impressed. Too much to choose from on the breakfast menu and not exactly cheap. Two overcooked poached eggs on one slice of toast £3. Anything additional like bacon is £1.20 a slice! Very welcoming but would not recommend. 
Booked for 2 hours today at 6.30pm . Meal was very good. Asked if we wanted dessert and granddaughter ordered ice cream. 8.20pm we were told our table had to be vacated by 8.30 but the ice cream had yet to be served. At 8.30 pm we were told the table was required and the manager would not allow a refund of the uneaten ice cream. If you go here be prepared to gulp down your food my granddaughter was denied her ice cream because bums on seats were more important. 
We visited on Saturday evening and it was cramped in the bar. We asked for bar food but were told we could only have food if we had a table. There were only 2 tables in the small bar and 1 was reserved. Although no one sat at the reserved table the whole time we were there. As we had to stand we could not order food. We were told if we went in to the restaurant we had to leave by 7.30pm. It was the Wraysbury Christnas Fayre on Saturday so we expected it to be busy. We have been in to the bar before on a couple of occasions and, because it is so small, we have always had to stand so we were not too surprised. Always having to stand is why we only visit occasionaly. On Saturday the smell of fish was overpowering for the whole time we were there. The log fire was nice but a fire guard would be a good idea. Does not come across as a welcoming establishment, if you are not a regular. 
Bit disappointed today coffee machine broken. Then had to ask for my seat to be changed- shards of glass on my seat- ouch... Not offered anything in the way of an apology. 
Ok afterwards tea nothing special no extra service just plate of food. Nothing more to add was given to me as a present it was ok I have been to much better afterwards teas 
Had lunch here with a colleague, we both had Thai food. Service was ok, food was average. Doesn't seem equipped to be a restaurant, I saw the dishes ending on a plastic container on the floor behind the counter as they were removed from the table. Was not convinced by the freshness of the ingredients in my Pad Thai ( the meat did not taste fresh) 
W had the fortune to be there in good weather allowing us to sit outside in comfort but the inside seemed quite acceptable as well. The service was excellent and the prices reasonal. I think it deserved the effort of filing a reveiw. 
We had to reschedule our viewing apppointment as food took 1 hour to come. We ordered Lamb (well-done) and fish and chips, apparently the Lamb took 1hour to cook. The manager was very kind to give us the Lamb for free due to the waiting time. However, the food tasted really good - not sure if its because we were starving or not. I would not recommend if you are hungry and want something quick. 
There were some high points and some low points. The highest point was the highly attentive and friendly staff. Really good. 
We invited a friend who is having a difficult time at present, recommending the Britannia pub for its excellent food. However on this visit the food did disappoint: every course was served just a little too cold, including the soup and even the espresso coffee. Not nice to eat nearly cold cod. We will go back again, of course we will, but I offer this criticism hoping the service staff will get the food from the kitchens to the tables quicker. 
This place was highly recommended. The restraunt has good ambiance. Starters were ok. Big portions so suggest go 1 between 2 for starters. Mains were average at best, poor cuts of chicken used in mains. Allow £50 per head with drink. Can do better  
Had a table booked for four after the cinema and when we arrived they seated us without checking off our name on the list. Then ten minutes later they asked the name again and I could see them checking the list with some head shaking which led me to think they hadn't put us there. This was pretty much confirmed when four other people turned up a bit later for a table they had booked and got turned away. 
A small Italian Restaurant with typical fare and a bit dis-organised! We had booked but this did not appear to mean anything and after some talking and nodding we were shown to the only table that appeared to be free. As there were only 8 maybe 10 tables in the restaurant the discussions and confusion seemed strange. 
However pleasant the service and ambience may be, however comfortable the seating and popular the restaurant, bringing friends to a 'gastropub' for Sunday Lunch should not end up with a sense of resentment for the cost and the experience. Our lunch with friends was spoiled by this restaurant's inability to serve roast beef as requested. Our guests asked if they could have their beef served rare and ordered accordingly. When it arrived clearly reheated and brown all the way through, and consequently very chewy, it was politely sent back and requested to be served rare as ordered. We waited with our food getting cold, thinking there had been a mistake. Back it came, still overcooked. Surely this is an elementary mistake during a Sunday lunch service. No apologies. It's quite expensive and I've only given it 3 stars to be fair to the other good points of our meal. Beware if you like your meat rare! 
My self and my wife went on a Friday afternoon on arrival we we’re told not hello but did you book no I said ok no problem but you get 1 hour 30 mins then we need the table. So your clock watching all the time. Good ok service slow would I go back no. Sorry much better restaurants around not cheap we sheared a starter 1 bottle wine and couple drinks £100.00 
We went to The Grumpy mole to meet up with family between Christmas and The New Year. It was very busy but I still think that 45 mins wait for our food was too long.  
This is very similar to Fat Boys in Edensor Road, but maybe the food is just not quite as good. A Thai Green Prawn curry was ok, but not quite up to scratch, and the mixed starters were again average. 
It was Good Friday and we were the only booking whilst we were there. But we were in a table in a small alcove which was fine. Food was unusual and the balance of the menu a little odd. Two nearly raw starters, 7 or 8 vegetarian sharing dishes (of which I think 3 were cabbage based), a choice from two fish plates and one meat plate which was twice the price of everything else. Most of the dishes were interesting and tasty, but small. 
The food it's ok. Not wow but one can't complain. I think it's a little overpriced and the portions are on the smaller size. Service friendly and courteous at all times. The best feature is the outdoor seating weather permitting. 4 beers/1 starter/1 green curry and 1 pad Thai £57 
Came here because I'd heard such good things . Lovely little restaurant lovely atmosphere but quiet for a Saturday night . Staff were quite friendly .we were unsure what to order waiter was helpful so we had a small hot meze to start . Halloumi was amazing loved courgette cake and feta triangles falafel not great. My friend had lamb looked good served with rice and veg . Once you'd had the meze choice was limited for vegeterian main course . So had fish . Had king prawns this was a big dish but bland tasting. Figs cheesecake was ok . Bill with three glasses of wine was 52.00 we gave them money asked for a little change and they could keep rest they took the lot so we reminded them . It's ok here not sure I'd rush back but if I did I'd stick to meze menu 
Very nice restaurant, comfortable seating, excellent service and good food, BUT I will never go there again. This restaurant is more suited to the pub going crowd who are used to shouting to each other to make themselves heard. Unbearable noise level which spoiled the evening as my friend and I gave up trying to hear each other above the din. Not the sort of place to take a business related affair or someone on a date for an intimate evening. 
We’d heard good things about Kervan Kitchen, but our evening out was a bit of a mixed bag. 
Very welcoming manager, miniscule kitchen, mediocre breakfasts but some passable Thai dishes on an over ambitious menu. Some outside tables if you can tolerate the view and noise of the traffic on Kew Bridge Road. 
I can't comment on the food as we only had drinks, although there were so many reserved tables I'm sure the food would have been good. 
Dined in with friends. Staff who called Dion was friendly and guided us to go through government guideline due to Covid protection and seated us comfortably to our chosen table.  
There is magic in the kitchen at this pub -the food is superb, better than many local restaurants - but you will pay top end prices in basic surroundings. Paper napkins, communal cutlery, beery neighbours etc while you eat delicious and very expensive food. Service is good and friendly but a bowl of soup might set you back £7.50 and the steak for two £52.00. Go if you want fabulous food in noisy surroundings with basic service. 
The ambience was lovely! The food was tasty but pricey for the size, and had to pay 5.50£ service charge! And no freebies(like a mint or little mint chocolate) at the end!(i love a mint at the end) 
Have visited Prima Fila 6 times now and had 3 great meals and 3 bad times. Service seems to suffer at weekends when they are busy and you get seated upstairs. I don't rate their pizzas at all, better ones can be had at other venues or take aways. Their steaks have been some of the best that I have had though. Staff are very friendly. Prices are on the high side with wine also a tad expensive. If they were more consistent I may be a bit more regular but there are other more deserving restaurants in the area. 
Newish to the area, we went for weekday lunch for my birthday. Garden is Ok but shade was hard to find and there is some car noise. The food ( West Indian curry) was rather safe and lacked a kick, but the big, juicy calamari was excellent. Four-year-old daughter was well catered for (quite quickly) and we were well fed. Probably a 3.5 but the menu could be 10% more exciting while keeping the classics. 
There were 4 in our party and when we arrived it was not too busy. We were shown to our table and given the menus. Not asked if we wanted drinks. Took ages for them to take our order and another couple who arrived after us were given menus and offered drinks. We placed our order and we all had starters, 2 of which required no cooking. These took ages to appear and once these were finished they were cleared quickly. We then waited and waited and waited for our mains. Again 2 of our party had salad so again, no cooking involved. We waited around 45 minutes for our mains. They were delicious, but once 3 of us had finished the staff kept hovering to clear our plates, this happened several times.  
Nice atmosphere, quick and friendly service. Delcious mushroom starter, full of flavour. Let down by the main of Liver in butter and sage, which looked and tasted like a roast dinner with the side of roast potatoes, brocolli and carrots. Odd, probably should just gone for pasta. Wasn't awful, just odd! 
Odi et amo Flat Three.  
In a Richmond alleyway a great genuine pub serving excellent food - short menus are a always sign and everything appeared fresh and well flavoured. So friendly. Unexpected birthday offer of a nice single malt! Will certainly return if only to eat in the little garden. 
Disappointed expected more service was good except waited for a while for the main calamari was heavily battered and steak was nothing special 
We went out for a Sunday late lunch. All of us (4 family members) decided to miss the starters and go straight for the traditional roast dinners.  
I visited the restaurant some time back before it expanded and the food was good but very cramped and the tables were small and difficult to fit the food on. i visited last night - ditto!!!! 
When you think of Italian food usually you think of pasta, pizza and cheese but Casa Nostra brings to you a great variety of meat and fish dishes allways fresh to date and cooked to perfection under the Italian cuisine standards. Also they offer a variety of fresh seafood from tiger prawns and scalops to muscles in white wine sauce or crab meat with mango!! I believe its the place to go either for a family meal or for a romantic dinner, the food is amazing and the staff is allways keen on not letting you miss on anything at all, very kind and helpfull on the most fussy ones just as myself ahahah overall super service, super food and adequate price!! A must visit! Cheerio!! 
In terms of this food, this place is 6 out of 5. It's simply staggeringly good. Amazing quality, surprises everywhere in terms of flavours, combinations and presentation. Quite, quite exceptional. However the prices are also staggering, so much so that they are funny. If you don't go for the tasting menus, which are wallet busting, you are left with very little but equally wallet busting choice. You are talking over £100 per head without question, more like £150 if you want to drink anything other than water, plus the wine is equally stupidly expensive. And the atmosphere? Well basically there isn't any. We used to come here when it was a chinese and this is a BIG room. When we visited there were about two other tables occupied. Even in Holland Park people just aren't prepared to pay these prices - they've been here at least a year and unless there's a squillionaire backing them I have no idea how they have survived. Despite the food, there's no way I'm going back. Like eating angel breath in a mausoleum then having to hand over your house to pay for it. 
off the main road but still a bit noisy.it's an ok place to stay at for a quick Thai lunch or a coffee.Average staff.Bad wifi 
Out and about in Richmond and spotted this pub down a side street. 
What makes the difference there is the service. On the three occasions we went he floor staff was fantastic, knowledgeable, helpful, smiling. On the other hand we found both of us the food rather bland. 
After being recommended by a couple of people to visit here i was disappointed. The style of place that turns into a Thai restaurant in the evening and is a cafe earlier in the day sounds like a very good idea and i am sure it works well. The ambience inside was comfortable if somewhat noisy from the coffee machine constantly going right by where you sit. The main disappointment was the unfriendly, miserable and abrupt manner of the lady serving. She didn't smile once and had absolutely no charisma! I read the other reviews which state warm, friendly service yet this is not what we encountered. I had the premium breakfast and found the sausages and bacon bland and the overall food had little taste. We normally go to a famous place on the otherside of Kew Bridge; i was hoping the Strand may compete in terms of food and service but sadly not. Worth a try but i won't be going back- it seems if you have high standards and know about some excellent competiton then you will be disappointed. 
We went quite often when this was Kervan Saray, but it has now expanded into what used to be the chip shop next door. Basically it's just got bigger, more crowded, noisier, and a bit more expensive. The food was still fine, but I can't see any sign for the lunch offer now when I go past, and the evening menu certainly seems to cost more now. You really could not cram any more tables in, so it feels somewhat like a crowded canteen, with the number of people and the increase in chattering noise, rather than a Turkish restaurant. The people in the central tables were barely able to get in or out once the place filled up. Of course, it'll make more profit, which will pay for the refurb, but is profit the only motive to run a restaurant? I wish them all the best, but I doubt whether we'll be going there any more. 
Visited on a Thursday evening with two other friends. I played it safe and went for a chicken meal with a salsa like sauce and choice of chips. I really enjoyed my meal as it was delicious, moist and the right portion. Plate was also warm. But most of all, I dined to Andrea Bocelli songs (my favorite). One of my friends ordered beef/steak on a long skewer which did not come with any sauce so had to eat from mine. 
Very nice pub. Good staff and excellent food, nicely presented. Beer was ok, nothing special. Wine was good, but extremely expensive. 
The dishes here are a little dated and in Italy they are serving newer traditional dishes that are not just pasta dependent; this begs the questions with such choice and variety available in Italy why haven't they update the choice offered here?  
A nice spot in the cobbled street of Richmond, with a limited menu on sunday, especially for gluten-free options. The service is okay, but with only few waitresses is difficult to be attentive.  
We went for a pre-theatre dinner as we liked the look of the menu. The starters, artichoke soup and crab mayonnaise were delicious, but the main courses let it down. My cod was fine, but the skin was burnt to a crisp rather than being crispy. However, the pork belly was inedible. It was way too chewy and tough, so my mum only had a few mouthfuls. It was a major disappointment. To be fair, the waitress offered to get us something else, but we didn't feel like it. So they very kindly gave us free puddings, which were excellent. So, highs and lows, but the service was great. Just very expensive to get a meal that's not that nice - a real shame. 
My food was decent (although the jersey potatoes which accompanied my tuna were a bit over cooked). The prices for Richmond (particularly the set menu) were reasonable and service was pretty good. I would have given it four stars but I found the restaurant very very noisy. There was quite a raucous group behind us (but nothing beyond high spirits), but the acoustics of the restaurant meant I had struggled to hear the friends I was with. 
Three of us went in the evening, taking advantage of the Eat out to Help Out. We had poppadoms and mogo chips while we were waiting, a starter and main course each. 
This is a nice restaurant, very small giving it a slightly cramped feeling. The food was good, nothing special but still good and the drinks were reasonably priced, would I go back, yes. 
We went to Virundhu last night for the first time and we definitely over ordered as we weren't sure of portions. We got the vegetable rolls and mutton rolls, you get two in each portion. These were OK, the breadcrumb around the filling was a change to the usual pastry. Fish cutlets we ordered were 3 quite large balls that tasted nice. We then got a mutton curry on the bone, and aubergine and chickpea curry. Both of these were very rich and portions were not that big. We weren't told about the spice levels so we suffered a little on this. To accompany we tried the string hoppers, a parotha and some rice which were all OK. The best thing we ordered was the egg hopper, kind of like a crepe with a seasoned runny egg in the middle. All in all nice experience and service was good. We were scanned for temperature, had menus on our phones and sanitiser so they were trying hard with all Covid precautions.  
Very trendy but all show and precious little substance. Very expensive for average food. Luke warm saki! The food pretends to be Japanese but ignores the centuries of experience that makes Japanese cuisine so unique. In trying to give Japanese a modern twist it falls flat in everything but price.  
We arrived approx 5.30pm. It's not a big place so we were lucky to get a table. We made the mistake of trying to order at the bar, but our attempt to place a simple order for two roast dinners and a couple of drinks was hampered by a rather over enthusiastic manager type who kept butting in and delaying the bar person dealing with us! It was Sunday afternoon post rugby at Twickers so maybe he had been loosening up! Having ordered we sat and waited, and waited, entertained by a family at next door table, with two very loud self confident children ! The food when it came was very average, small portions for a price of sixteen pounds for chicken and eighteen for beef, so we asked for more. The more, when it came, was more than the original plateful! The waitress tried hard to push us into having a dessert, but we declined, and the bill of forty two pounds (no service included) seemed a bit on the high side for a very basic pub food experience. It did include three pound fifteen for a can of shop brand ginger beer! I would not go back, even in trendy well heeled Richmond there must be much more enjoyable and better value places!! 
Had an enjoyable meal at The Grumpy Mole.  
Smart pub, friendly staff, lovely fire and a really well balanced menu. The negatives were the food was rather disappointing and the portions particularly small (you need to pay 3.50 for extra veg, which for a tiny bowl of peas is a rip-off tbh). The bill for two came to over £100 which was not good value at all (we did have two glasses of wine each in fairness) 
I had high hopes with all the positive feedback on TripAdvisor. It was all fine but in all honesty not amazing. We were put on a tiny table, lights were quite bright and it wasn't that good value for money. For a night out fine but not die vial enough for an anniversary night out in my opinion!  
My husband and I visited for his 30th birthday, we were really excited for the Japanese / Korean menu as we both loved these cuisines when we lived in Australia for three years but were really disappointed by what we were presented with here in London. We tried the taster menu. 
Missing eating out we tried the take out menu. The Miso Cod and Sea Bass were delicious but nearly cold - we ate them only 10 minutes after picking the food up. The Soft shell crab was soggy not crispy because it was put on the sauce and salad inside the container. I commend your efforts on the take out option but suggest you think about containers or perhaps suggestions on how to reheat? We will try again 
Having visited this restaurant many times, we were looking forward to our lockdown take-away. The Venison Goulash sounded like an exciting combination and we both chose it for our main course. But what a disappointment! I know how important presentation is in food and I acknowledge that this is sadly lacking when the food comes in plastic boxes. But this dish was surprisingly boring, lacking both the gamey taste of venison and the piquant flavour of a goulash. 
The reviews suggest this is WOW place, but its not. From the outside it looks like any other white painted Pub with sign written touches. Inside I thought I was in TK Maxx/HomeSense, all velvet chairs, shiny bling and loud carpet. Farrow and Ball type matt painted wood completes the facade. However the locals love it as it was almost fully booked, so either there isn't much completion or the food is amazing. SO there isn't much competition as the food wasn't amazing. It was good and priced well, but not worth booking up for. The service was as ever good, but only what you'd expect.i.e. polite and professional. Waking back to the car we noticed the wooden windows were rotting and desperate for repair or replacement. Its worth going to, just not worth booking up for. 
Ate here with my children and grandchildren on a Sunday. The menu only had roast, a fish dish or risotto. There were two choices for the grandchildren roast or a pasta dish plus a pud.  
This was our 2nd visit to the Britannia and the first was not memorable but we decided to try out the Sunday roast as we were in Richmond for the afternoon. 
A little crushed, rushed and ordinary. Food was nice but little different from any other Turkish restaurant. A little pricey for what it is.  
Having been to the Primrose Hill branch , we had great expectations of the Chiswick branch .....however it was unfortunately quite a disappointment ! 
I was hoping that I would be able to rave about our lunchtime visit and although there were good points we left somewhat disappointed. 
Went with friends that visit on a regular basis, they also commented on the portions presented, and the quality was not up to its normal standards. 
I had lunch here over a wet Easter weekend! It was the first time I'd been to a Grumpy mole - friends had recommended it. I liked it a lot - the decor is fresh and modern and seating comfortable - it has a cosy feel to it. The menu has lots of choice plus daily specials. I decided on turkey and ham pie with chips and spring vegetables. It was a good sized portion - the pie was in a large ceramic dish with a thin, crispy,flaky pastry crust on top; I prefer pies that have pastry all around them, but this was ok. The sauce was lovely and the meat was tender. there was a lot of sauce and the waiter offered me some bread to mop it up but I was too full. The spring vegetables were nicely sauteed and buttered. Presentation was good. For dessert I ordered strudel with vanilla ice-cream (you can have custard if you prefer.) The ice-cream was excellent and the strudel was good - although I prefer a bit more crispiness ideally. I was so full I couldn't order tea or coffee. A water jug with ice was provided and I ordered a coke. Service was excellent. The bill plus tip came to just shy of £30. Not cheap. But I'll be going back. 
i used to love this place, as after work would happily head here from across the station. Great flavours and reasonable pricing, has been succeeded by larger dining space, slower service and increased prices, Come on, did you need to really do this? 
We have been to this restaurant once and thoroughly enjoyed the evening. However, we tried to book again for an on-the-spur-of-the-moment mid-week meal using a Tastecard and were told they do not accept bookings without at least 2 hours' notice. Most of the times we eat out are those evenings when we get home from work and just don't want to cook. Fortunately the excellent KK's Texan Gril house is just across the road from Annabella's and they are happy to take phone bookings for Tastecard without any minimum notice restriction. 
The Britannia pub is located in the oldest and most charming lane in Richmond. 
Book early since the advice given by check in was wrong. Went to book and eat at 7 pm to be told no tables till 2030 for dinner. 
very disappointed with the quality of the food. for starters we ordered tabouleh - which should be a mainly green salad, few tomatoes and a bit of cous cous and quite dry, relying on the falvours of the herbs - this one was very oily, mainly cous cous and very litle green. The squid didn't appear to be fresh. The babaganoush didn't have any tahani and the avocado and tomato salad was poor value.  
Went here recently, the restaurant is small, intimate and has great potential. Good attentive fast service from both the owner and assistant and is genuine which aids a lovely welcome. Prices v reasonable. Generous portion of king prawns with lovely sauce, feta & spinach parcels v nice & although rather small were well filled. The sirloin steak was very nice, chips unsure if frozen or not but what was a real disappointment were the chicken cubes served with veg & rice. The chicken we both tasted and did'nt appear to taste like real chicken, texture was more like that of a mushroom and therefore came to the decision that it was probably 'plastic chicken' perhaps partly a soya substitue or otherwise. So all in all service 4.5/5, steak and prawns 4/5, feta parcels 4/5 but chicken 0/5. Please Anabella's don't substitute chicken for something that is otherwise your customers will notice and put them off. Buy proper chicken which isn't expensive to buy and will keep people happy and returning for a long time. Other than the chicken a very nice experience :) 
Attended the crumpy mole on 19th January early evening meal. Staff took a while to serve eventually ordered a meal rib eye steak cooked on a stone the steak lacked seasoning and was quite tasteless as was the vegetables and sauces that accompanied it. The house prosecco was very dry so changed to another drink. Good help you if you visit when this place is busy. Would not visit again. There are just too many dishes on the menu should of left before I ordered did not have a starter and nothing captured my imagination for desert. I have since been told afternoon tea is good and they are better at Sunday’s roasts. Perhaps we attended at the wrong time just after afternoon tea service so a lot of setting up and moving of tables was going on. 
Great service and food looked good. Salad was fresh and rice cooked perfectly but chicken schwarma was really salty which was a shame.  
Had a meal there and after booking because of reviews I expected a far better meal but when you order a burger which was nice but came with the smallest bucket of chips I have seen, coleslaw and the plates which are not that big still looked half empty as there was nothing else on there I was very disappointed. It is not cheap bit there again I live in the. North of England and get. a lot better meal for a Lot less money. I have been down to this area several times and had far better meals. The service was not very good either as it was busy. 
OK had better Sunday dinners and I've had worse but friendly place trying to think what else to say I won't be going back there  
My husband and I had dinner here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The food was really lovely and the restaurant is small and intimate. The waitress however seemed very stressed and we felt rushed. Every time she came to our table we could feel her stress levels which made us feel a bit uncomfortable. Our plates were cleared away and my fork was snatched from my hand. We have decided despite the lovely food we wont be returning. 
First visit following several rave reviews from friends and colleagues.  
As we were staying at the Sofitel and departing the next day dinner at the hotel restaurant seemed a reasonable choice. The restaurant is well appointed, the tables well spaced, and we always enjoy the open kitchen concept. Although we were there relatively early and the restaurant was practically empty but well staffed, it did take a bit of time for the waiter to show up at the table. We placed our cocktail order with our meal order but did not expect to get the meal before the cocktails arrived. I mentioned this to our waiter and the manager was standing right by and apologized quickly to us but seemed more interested in questioning the waiter about this within earshot of us - not really appropriate.  
In an alleyway between the high street and the Green, this pub has a good old fashioned feel about it. We called in for a quick drink early Friday evening and it wasn't busy but no doubt would be later. Service was quick and courteous. Two pints and a G&T cost £15 odd so a bit on the pricey side. 
We've eaten many times at this restaurant inside the Sofitel. Their breakfast is fantastic. For dinner I've had their fish and chips several times and I've never been disappointed. But I will say that they could use a lot more waitstaff - for dinner and breakfast. One morning I waited almost 30 minutes just to get served coffee. The waitstaff are eager to help...there simply isn't enough of them. The buffet breakfast at this hotel is well over $25 per person. They should be able to afford a few more waiters. 
Decided to try The Britannia for pre theatre dinner as the reviews were so good. However, it was a bit disappointing. It was not nearly as busy as the other pubs/restaurants in the area which was surprising for a Friday evening. The food was OK, average I would say. I had fish and chips and it was the tiniest fish I have every had I think. The staff were friendly but far too much attention when we were eating. We were interrupted about 4 or 5 times to ask if everything was OK. Felt very much as if they were fishing for a tip. Next time we will try one of the other pubs surrounding the lovely green. 
We have been to the Brockham Grumpy Mole a few times now and have seen a decline in the standard of the food and service. We were very impressed the first time we visited which I posted but a few visits later the standard has dropped. I will admit the venue was busy today but a well organised establishment will function well at all times though not today.  
An ok restaurant, food ok, huge portions. Pity about the plastic flowers on table and paper knapkins 
Vivre is the restaurant located in the Sofitel hotel at Heathrow Terminal 5. The hotel is very good, but this restaurant is no more than average. The menu aspires to much more, but in my opinion over-complicates the menu and reduces the quality of the meal. We found it quite hard to pick a dish that we wanted to eat and the meals we did choose were certainly no better than average. That said service was first class. 
Vivre is located in the Sofitel Hotel. It is a nice hotel, but the restaurant is pretty ordinary. My food was fine, though expensive, and service was slow. 
This restaurant is always busy, whilst I don't doubt the food is nice, I think it has more to do with the alluring scent wafting out of Gidea Park attracting in the clientele. The staff are very friendly and were very accommodating on a Friday night when we didn't have a booking. We had a mixed grill which was nice but my other half likes ribs and thought these were way too fatty (compared to Wood Oven, Marina Mezze, Gokyzuzu). I do think that sometimes people don't know any better if they don't have much to compare it to and this is why Romford people probably love it here. There are a lot of other Turkish restaurants within the vicinity and given we've just moved into he area, we'll continue our research to find a decent one but sadly it isn't Kervan Saray... 
We didn't enjoy food at all. One of my favourite cuisines is Turkish. But kebab was dry, lamb on a chewy side, ezme salad needed more spices. Tried 2 takeaway and 1 eat in meal last year, as wasn't impressed never been there since 
Visited the place after reading so many good reviews on trip advisor. We found the food pricey, not great in taste. It’s one of the average restaurants, wondered how our experience did not match so many great reviews on TA 
Chose this restaurant over the other offering at the Sofitel because of the extensive menu choice, plus the food looked more robust and filling than perhaps the more fancy (and more expensive) alternative La Belle Epoque. The fish and chips I had was mediocre at best. Triple-cooked chips you'd expect to be lovely and crisp on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside - these were more like stodgy potato wedges and I swear they'd only been fried once. The fish was greasy, the batter not thick enough and it lacked seasoning. Honestly, I felt like I'd have got better quality and tastier fish and chips from the local chippy at a third of the price. Another member of the party ordered a curry and said it was average and overpriced. The saving grace of the meal was the ice cream. The sorbets were lovely and if I was to go back to the hotel I'd go to the restaurant just for the ice-cream and eat lots of it! The other desserts in our party were tiny portions - I wondered where the rest of it was!? If you're going to serve a menu like this and charge those prices, I'd expect better quality and better portion sizes.... Maybe other things on the menu are better but I definitely wouldn't order the same thing if I was to return. Oh - and useful tip, if you're not staying at the hotel you can still get discounted parking in the car park. Just show your dining receipt to reception when you get the ticket validated. We paid about £12 for 3-4 hours. 
Staff were very friendly and welcoming. I changed 3 chairs before I found one that wasn't about to collapse. I ordered the sausages with mash and onion gravy. Sausages were tasty but gravy so solid and rich it spoilt it. There was a dollop of mash squashed under the sausages. No veg (& side orders were very over priced). It wasn't a good dinner. Liver was served in a very similar way - a small pile in the middle of a plate. The ribs were better but very small portion of chips served as an accompaniment. Will not go back. 
7 of us came here for dinner. Food was ok but it was nothing special and it was a bit pricey. We ordered olives and bread to start. There was plenty of bread but the olives came in a tiny dish and there weren’t more than 6 olives in this dish. This was supposed to be enough for 2 people. I even made a comment to the waitress about the amount of olives, and she looked a bit embarrassed that this was indeed supposed to be olives for two people. Other than the olives, the food portions were decent. I had fish and chips, but the fish was under seasoned. I tried the risotto than one of my friends had, and it was very al dente. My brother had sticky toffee pudding that I tried. The portion was huge, but the toffee sauce was a bit thin and had no depth. Overall the meal was nothing special.  
Went for Sunday dinner .. restaurant very quiet , yet we were asked why we didn't book a table ! There was no music and eeerie silence with 5 other people in the Resturant . Lacked ambience .  
We visited the Sofitel in Heathrow in November, it is a couple of years since we last visited the hotel. We remembered that we at the Viva restaurant last time and the food was excellent, this time we were very very disappointed, it was obvious there has been a lot of crosscutting on the menu, I ordered as a starter Burrata cheese and tomato, there were three little blobs of 1 cm each of the cheese when I complained the waitress told me that’s what they said no, it was very poor. If you need to stay there don’t eat at the restaurant. 
The restaurant is family run, which is lovely, however, for pretty much the whole duration of my evening meal the owner's children were roaming around the restaurant, screaming in the kitchen, bursting in and out of the kitchen doors and playing with the bar equipment. It was quite distracting and off-putting and it was clear the other guests felt the same as we would all catch each other's eyes as the little girl crashed a cocktail spoon around the restaurant walls. It felt like half restaurant half afterschool club! 
We visited for a family dinner on a Saturday night. The decor and ambience is a bit basic for a contemporary Sri Lankan restaurant. The drinks choices were decent and our bottle of wine was good although a bit overpriced. Starters came promptly and were standard fare which we have eaten before in other srilankan places. The order of the starters was all messed up and they served some starters with the mains. Although we were told hoppers were available no hoppers were served with the mains. There was a lot of delay in the service and the mains were served after a while and again what we expected in the starters was served with the mains. They were clearly short staffed and some of the staff were standing in at the last minute to help out. In addition the takeaway orders were also prioritised. At times so the customers who were in the restaurant were sitting around for a while. Anyway we left with a feeling of not wanting to return in a hurry. 
Annoying buzzing sound - turned out to be the tap in the kitchen, every time it was used!!!! Ruined our enjoyment as lovely place, very pretty on the outside and inside, lovely team and menu looked fab, but I was put off staying, didn't even finish my ale!  
The Britannia is a pub with pretensions to being a 'gastro pub'. The food is adequate but pricy for the simple menu on offer, the service was efficient. Overall a decent place to eat. We didn't however, have the sort of experience that has sent other reviewers into paroxysms of delight. We arrived late on a day when they were keen to shut early and I'm not sure we got the full 'welcome with open arms' response from the staff.  
The food is delicious, for example the black cod main course and the wagyu beef carpaccio were excellent. There were two issues that deserve the three stars: firstly some of the dishes are very small in size, even for fine fine standards. I had the scallops and squid starter which was literally two scallops and three squid tentacles. Someone else had the strawberries dessert and there were less than three strawberries worth in the plate (chopped in small chunks). 
The service here is outstanding; the staff are admirably trained; the room is airy, attractive and calming; everybody smiles and nothing is too much trouble: a real feel-good experience. 
This restaurant used to be the best Italian in Romford.  
food good service rubbish havent been back since, wont be going again 
This is a nice place,comfortable and service was good.BUT portion sizes were small..especially the starter..just 3 pieces of calimari..and for the price..left wanting...mains were nicely cooked ..but again seemed like something was missing.The bill left me a bit reeling for what we had.Probably won't go back 
Went to Grumpy mole in cheam for my husbands birthday with a couple of friends the restaurant was very busy ,however my main course was cold which was disappointing, my husband had fish that was the size of a goldfish !!! . I wish itbhad been better as have eaten there many times before . Still undecided if we would go bsck 
We had roast dinner on last Sunday evening to celebrate my husband's birthday. Our first impression was how busy the restaurant was with little space between the tables. 
Compliments to the chef the food was delicious. The young waiters were friendly enough but the Front of house manager could do with a personality transplant, not very welcoming and seemed to be upset that we didn’t want to sit in the draft even though there were plenty of seats. A smile costs nothing 
We visited this restaurant recently for lunch. It was a cold day and on entering the restaurant found that the heating was not on consequently it was uncomfortable to sit and eat. The heating was turned on at our request but took a while to take effect. Service was good and food was tasty however the food was tepid when it arrived. The restaurant is clean and well presented. 
My first thoughts were - no table cloths on "transport cafe" style tables !! Food was tasty and varied but let down by this lack of style and ambiance. Such a shame such high quality food was let down by something so simple 
The young lady was very helpful and was great taking orders and serving us. I would have really liked them to serve food at more reasonable prices. The prices have been jacked up in the name of fine dining but its not really fine dining its above average food and ambience. 
Four us went for a meal here and two of us had the ribeye steak, which was small with a minimum of chips and a few leaves on the side, would have been better maybe with a grilled tomato, mushroom or something, as it looked very sparse on the plate and we did not feel for the 17.95 price each it was value for money, the pub was fine although the gents toilets needed a good clean, nothing fresh about them with the door left wide open into the bar area all night, doubt if we will go there again unless they address these things. 
Something’s missing - I’m still not quite sure what the right word for it is. Late November evening with friends, Chef’s Table booking, high expectations due to the restaurant’s (and Clare Smyth’s) stratospheric reputation.  
I visited this place again for the third time last week on bank holiday Sunday.  
Expected better having seen the menu and photos online. 
I like this pub and have eaten some good food here. On my last visit we didn't get off to a good start because my elderly disabled mother was seated on a very wobbly chair which we needed to change. The waitress very kindly fetched her a cushion to make her more comfortable on the new chair.  
Had a group meal in this restaurant and found the premises fairly cramped,the service was rather on the slow side with a waiter who really needs to try harder with the language. 
Food was ok, I had the monkfish wrapped in very very salty bacon which was disappointing because the monkfish was actually cooked quite well but the bacon ruined it. The menu said it came wrapped in pancetta but it looked and tasted much more like bacon. The wife had the butter chicken curry which was pretty good. For wine we had the Gavi which was superb. 
Three of us shared the dough balls and the Brie - portions are generous. For mains we ordered one spaghetti bolognese, one salad Nicoise and one creamy pasta dish (sorry, can't remember the name). For desserts we ordered tiramisu and the doughnuts.  
This isn't a bad little restaurant, although I would liken it more to a cafe, which isn't a problem. The food was okay for the price, but if your looking for great quality this might not be the restaurant for you. Would I return? Yes I would, but probably for a lunchtime meal. 
maybe I was just unlucky but the food was disappointing. I had the most salty moutabal I ever had in my life. it was really not edible. aside that, I'm sorry to say the food was average. there are better places in the area for lebanese food so search well. this was my experience.  
A local friend recommended The George for a gathering of five of us. Alas the food was disappointing. What was ordered as Roast Beef for three of us, all turned out to be a chewy, fatty beef steak that was virtually unedible. The other dishes were 'so so', but to be fair the staff were very friendly and gave us a refund on the meals. Two of us had just ice-cream for a sweet. Very expensive just for three scoops of icecream with no wafer or anything else. 
This is a very fussy restaurant. I felt that the chef had taken more time decorating the plate than cooking the food. That is not to say that the food was not cooked well, it was cooked very well. What you could see of it! The portions are small, the food was so well cooked that one's stomach cried out "please just give me one large portion of this and I will call it a day". But alas no, more delicious tiny morsels kept coming. Service was good, a very large staff. Sometimes a bit too attentive, my plate being taken the instant I had finished. The restaurant was very expensive with a very high mark up on the wines. To sum up, a good but somewhat and unsatisfying meal, at a cost. 
Visit this place occasionally, good shisha but could do better on food side. Your best bet is shawarma, grilled.  
Nice place, decent beer, and lovely waitress. But on that latter point the problem arrises. She worked very hard serving a number of tables by herself which sadly meant the whole process of eating took over 3 hours and only had two courses.  
We dined at this restaurant in December 2019. First, it seems like they have squeezed perhaps 1-2 extra tables in the restaurant that could be taken out. We were seated directly next to a hallway where the wait staff would go and it was annoying having them constantly swish by the table. One waiter would go back and cough and then come back out again. Not appetizing. Second, this restaurant has too many waiters. While it is lovely to have good wait staff, they had too many and we could not enjoy the meal. For example, we ordered a cocktail before dinner. While we were still enjoying it, the waiter asked if we wanted wine - and we ordered a bottle. He then asked if we wanted our wine before we finished our cocktail (he should not even be asking this) and we said no, please bring with the meal. The waiter then brought over the wine and poured it, so we each had two drinks on the table. Meanwhile, another waiter kept coming by and pressuring us to order. While we were still drinking our cocktail, the meal started coming. It should be noted that this was all in the span of about 30 minutes, so we were not lingering over the cocktails. It was clear the restaurant wanted us in and out for the next reservation. The meal was rushed. We had barely finished a course and the next one would come out. Most of food came out cold to lukewarm. Not too appetizing. I will say that the pastry chef is very good as the dessert was excellent. We have dined at many excellent restaurants all over the world and this was an extremely disappointing experience. If I were to offer advice to the restaurant it is this - you do not need so many wait staff. Train the staff that you do have to not be so intrusive. Finally, make sure the food comes out warm to your clients. 
This was the second time I've booked the George for a family gathering. Friendly welcome for our large lunch party, relaxed drink in the bar before going to our table, although my very small cup of coffee was expensive at £2.40. Good choice on the menu with some specials offered. A few of us had chicken, ham and leak pie with mash but, as the plate looked significantly sparse when it arrived, I was expecting a veg plate to accompany it. When I asked about veg I was told a strong no! The pie tasted good but a few peas or something with it would not have broken their bank, and would have made the meal look more generous. It was mean. Elsewhere, the fish n chips was ok if expensive. Desserts, nothing special (freezer-type). Sadly, plates not hot, which might have contributed to food being tepid. All in all, not a great overall experience and I've already planned an alterntiave venue for our next gathering. 
I like the Britannia - it's a decent pub tucked off the main Richmond drag with good staff that are friendly and attentive. Having drunk there on numerous occasions on rugby days, I decided to pop in for a pre-theatre dinner on a Thursday evening. Oh dear, what a mistake; the quality of the food was not good. I wasn't particularly hungry so opted for a bowl of fat chips (£3.25) and the homemade smoked mackerel pate (which was billed as being served with a fresh horseradish sauce and crusty granary bread. What I received was a smashed up mackerel filet (including skin, grim), horseradish out of a jar and a slice of white bread that had been put in a toaster for about 30 seconds. My partner had the 'day boat' beer battered haddock and chips but clearly it wasn't from that day. It arrived within 5 minutes (always a bad sign) and had obviously been re-heated in the microwave. Unfortunately he didn't mention this until afterwards so too late to point it out to the staff (who I’m sure would have replaced it). Fortunately my brother popped in for a drink so I gave him the pate – he said it wasn’t great but was hungry so ate it! The other diners all seemed to be enjoying their food so maybe we were a bit of a one off but I’m not going to bother giving it another go for food – there’s a lot of choice in Richmond so I don’t need to waste my money. Oh, and my fat chips were anything but! 
Not so this time, I ordered the same meal I had the last time I was there and what a disappointment. I ordered the Murgh Makhani and it was bland and tasteless. The server was young and inexperienced but did his best. Offering to get me another Makhani when he saw I had left most of the first one, somehow misses the point. Don't change a recipe that works. 
The food was good, but not amazing. I had a nice table outside. Try the lemonade, which was very nice. 
The atmosphere is great the people are extremely nice the food is bland and flavourless sometimes they get it right with the chicken soup the prices are ridiculously high but it's a good adventure I recommend it to anyone with a lot of money 
A very clean and corporate styled hotel surrounded by motorways. An easy walk to the airport, it serves the purpose it was built for....to provide accomodation close to the airport. Good helpful staff. It has a restaurant (there is not much choice unless you go to the airport to eat). 
As it was Bayram, the biggest Turkish festival of the year, we thought we would try the Kervansaray in Gidea Park. (It was my mistake to think it was part of a chain of restaurants based in North London with a similar name. It wasn't) As the restaurant was listed the third favorite restaurant in Romford we had high expectations. The restaurant was incredibly noisy and we weren't sure about staying, but as we were seated, we stayed. I wish we hadn't! Because of the way the restaurant is laid out it had a very closed in feel as it was so far to the back of the shop, a long way from the window. Unfortunately, I was seated close to a woman who must have had the loudest voice in Essex. I know it wasn't the restaurants fault, but it was all just so noisy in a bad way, no atmosphere at all. It was a relief when she left. That said, it was so noisy, you could not hold a conversation, even after she had gone. We had hot meze and cold meze platters to start between four of us. No bread arrived with the dips. Not sure what you were supposed to dip with. A Turkish restaurant not providing bread with meze is about as poor as it gets tbh. After waiting five minutes for the bread to turn up, my husband had to ask and was told we could wait 10 minutes or eat our starter without it. We were hungry so we ate the starter without it. The humus tasted like mashed chick peas with very little seasoning, garlic or tahina and as for the taramasalata, it was dark pink and we were left wondering how much food colouring had been added. It had a weird taste, more like cream cheese than cod row. Then the bread arrived, I didn't bother as it looked like dried up crispbread. Come on, this is a Turkish restaurant!!! The mains arrived and my husband and son said the doner was ok but a bit salty, my daughter and I had the calamari, which was strategically placed like chess pieces on a lettuce strewn plate. The rice was soggy and bland. The bulgar was ok. We had to look hard to find a piece of tomato in the plate of salad. We didn't bother staying for dessert. I'm not blaming the staff at all as they were working incredibly hard, but it was obvious they didn't have enough time to spend as they should on customers. It was so noisy, they were struggling to hear what was being said. This place was packed out on a Tuesday night, the locals obviously think it's great. We know what a good Turkish Meze resturant is....and it wasn't the The Kervansaray-Gidea Park.  
Our fifth or sixth visit to what has become our favourite restaurant turned out to be a major disappointment.  
Loved the kebabs here,I thought there was no better restaurant,I was WRONG.its nice food here and surroundings are pleasant.its a bit cramped around the tables what peeved me off.its always busy,so book a table.prices are reasonable,drinks are a little over priced.but where is cheap now?.worth a visit. 
Good tasting food but slow service as three of us had finished our starters before the forth had received hers. 
I went here on Friday night with a couple of friends who are local to the area and had recommended it based on trying the food as a takeaway. The food was absolutely excellent and reasonably priced and if I was basing it on the food alone I would have given the place 5 stars. Between us we had the devil chicken, the mutton pirattal, Ceylon chicken curry, rice, roti and poppadoms. 
I have visited Britannia quite a few times and would normally give them a 4 star rating. Dom and his team are usually always on the ball. Today I ordered the Classic Prime Beef Burger with extra cheddar and bacon. The extras cost £2 and gave me an extremely thin slice of something that tasted like cheese and 1 piece of streaky bacon. Overall presentation was very bland and for £13 I expected a bit more. I know they have the potential to be very good, so hopefully next time I am there things will have improved. 
Went for a roast. 
This was the second visit in 2 months and we were very disappointed. We felt rushed , the staff all had long faces and the food was not very nice. There was four of us and we all had chicken shish. The meat was not cooked as well as usual and it had a taste of fuel on it. We also felt that the price of the food was expensive for what we had had. We wont be returning in the near future. 
Not sure what happed to MN. It used to be so good with good food and welcoming service. Not so tonight. We ordered a 3 course meal with a beer to start and a bottle of wine. 
We were greeted with a warm welcome to this appealing gastro pub. Friendly staff showed us to our table. The bar had a disappointingly average choice of unimaginative traditional ales and nothing of any interest in the way of bottled beers. Our meals lacked green vegetables and my lamb shank was rather small. Roast potatoes were hard as if they'd been hanging around for quite some time. On the whole, our experience on this visit was absolutely average with the exception of the friendly, attentive staff. 
We booked our table for its position months before, actually in September when we last dined. On arrival we could see the table was already in use which was really disappointing! It was for a special occasion and given time we had booked it was quite annoyed. We were given the table that we really did not as it is pretty much shared with a neighbouring table and there was a couple already seated. Nothing could be done I understood that. The food and service aside from this was very good.  
We ate in here years ago, by mistake. The interior of Vivre is not very interesting, the food was okay, would not eat here again;. 
Went here when it first opened, food was fantastic, have to say quality of food has gone down a bit in my opinion , everything comes with same sides, which makes its easy, good place to go for quick bite to eat , value for money, very busy at the weekends. 
I was a massive fan of this restuarant, great food and good service but as the restaurant has got busier, there prices have got majorly dear.  
Tried this place last week after looking at positive reviews on TA . Decor is nice and staff are friendly and service is good. Had Mushrooms to start which were overcooked. Had Lasagne for main which was bland. My wife had a Pizza which was large but also uninspiriing. In short if you like big portions and low quality this place is for you. The prices are on the high side too. Must try harder with the food. 
The staff are nice and helpful but the food is over priced for what it's worth. I had the burger when I went. The bun tasted burnt and the meat kept on falling out the bun because they put to much sauce in side it. It felt more like a task to eat then it did a meal. They only gave a hand full of chips and they tasted like McDonald's chips cooked in the oven.  
Having been wowed by Claire Smyth's culinary masterpieces whilst in residence at Gordon Ramsey's flagship restaurant, expectations were high. Unfortunately, we left Core somewhat underwhelmed. So, why only 3 stars? In a nutshell, the starters and mains. My wife and I both felt our selections were quite bland and dare I say, uninspired and boring. So much so that if I left it a week to write this review, I would probably struggle to remember what we ate. A spelt, mushroom and sweetcorn dish had an umami kick but didn't visually deliver. My (one) scallop tartare was served diced in the shell and had virtually no taste. My wife's monkfish main was tough and slightly overcooked (yes, we know that it is a meaty fish). I honestly can't recall what it was served on. My main was a huge disappointment. Half a duck breast, a tiny pastry basket (I think it was pastry) containing shredded confit leg meat and topped with slivers of grape resembling fish scales. The grape added nothing to the dish and was a perfect example of style over substance. There was also a splash of what I believe was a port jus. Zero wow factor and very one dimensional.  
We have going here since the original restaurant was opened and before the first extension in the original restaurant. 
Went To Michael Nadra on a weekday. I remember the restaurant being full and lively some years ago but tonight only three tables including us. Not a very good atmosphere. Food was nice although salty. The sole waiter had to be asked several times for bread, for more water etc. He consistently gave the wrong dish to the wrong person. Had a coffee and when the waiter brought the sugar pot, accidentally some sugar cubes fell onto the table; he then picked the sugar cubes up and just dropped the cubes back in the pot... Would expect better service as not a cheap restaurant and the waiter told us that it's a fine dining restaurant. May go back but not very soon 
The place wasn't busy for a lunch time which surprised me as the decor is very nice and typical of a country pub. However, I soon realised why when we paid the bill. The wine is seriously overpriced, £17.90 for two glasses of 2 X 250 ml Sauvignon Blanc. We weren't presented with a wine list and didn't think we needed to see one to be honest as we knew which wine we wanted; however, we did not expect to get seriously ripped off.  
we came here on a Sunday looking forward to a good roast. It was an expensive let down - to be served a traditional sunday roast in a bowl is not a good start. Less welcome was the beef which seemed to us to have been pan fried certainly not roasted - it was almost raw. The best item in the bowl was the yorkshire pudding - the parsnips an d other veggies well overdone. The much lauded treacle tart which we had so been looking forward to was another let down - it was almost liquid in the centre and nothing like a traditional treacle tart. If you are going to serve a trad. roast then please don't muck around with it and lead people to think they will be getting what they are patently not. It was a disappointment and we wished we had made our own at home. Especially for the price. 
Dined today at the Sutton branch, visit here several times a year, normally it's good with pleasant service. Today however fell short of expectations. Service was ok, a mix of waitresses so no consistency. Ordered roast dinners across the table. The gravy is always delicious. The meat was fine. The vegetables were cold, the Yorkshires old and hard and the one parsnip on the plate hard. Shame it didn't live up to the price.  
I've heard very good things about this place so was excited to go for a birthday meal. I have to say I was disappointed! the service was very slow 3hrs for 8 mains and 8 desserts. The roast dinner was average and over priced. The meat was very fatty and just two small soggy roast potatoes. Yorkshire puddings were over-cooked and hard and the accompanying veg was bland and uninteresting. One of our puddings was over cooked and had to be re-done. We were told it was the chefs first day. The sticky toffee pudding was a let down one small triangle of cake covered in a toffee sauce on one corner of a large plate and a scoop of ice-cream on the other corner, it's supposed to be an indulgent pudding not afternoon tea. The staff although attentive were missing the finer touches like taking the empty jug of water away and not bringing us another without having to be asked. All in all I have to say for the price and reviews I've read and heard the grumpy mole was a let down in all aspects  
Have been to this establishment before and was slightly dissapointed with the quality of some of the food served , but might have been a bit 'picky' as had better before here and at another one at Tadworth.  
I'm not sure how they manage to cheat the system and get their Trip Advisor rating so high. Not sure if this is a restaurant, juice bar or shisa bar. Went there about a month ago and although the waitress was brilliant the food was very average and we found the tv was far too loud. Not sure if the boss was away that day, but it seemed he might have been and the waitress was very much doing her best to help us enjoy our evening. I've given the restaurance a 3 star rating purely because of the waitress. Otherwise it would be a very sad 1 star. Sorry guys but I have given this great consideration, so don't both writing some snotty reply saying we should have questioned things at the time - you really need to smarten up your act. Not sure how you are cheating and otherwise very fair TA ratings system. 
We read the menu on the web and were interested in trying Lampries which is a local Sri Lankan delicacy. On the menu it stated that it contained "green jackfruit curry", which is rare to obtain in the UK except at speciality restaurants. I was excited that we had a restaurant at our doorstep serving this ingredient, but instead found potato in my serving. I would have preferred if I was told at the point of ordering that this ingredient was not available and instead was substituted by potato. The cost of a lampries at £13.95 is therefore expensive in comparison with other restaurants that serve the same dish at far cheaper prices. To the management, please amend your menu or even disclose if the ingredient is not available instead of taking credit for something that is not provided to your customers. 
Went for a simple one course meal for three people; we chose because it was rated the third best restaurant in town. 
The food of Virundhu is definitely very good, portions are small but tasty authentic food. The service is not great once you entered the restaurant you were pointed at the coat hanger for the prices they charge the least they can do is take your coats. When ordering cocktail the it hardly had any alcohol. They mixed up our order. When the manager came he hardly gave eye contact gave the feeling he did not want to be there. I feel the front desk is letting down the kitchen staff. 
Great venue, lovely, friendly welcome and great attentive service. The staff and manager were all amazing BUT the food really let our visit down. Starters were all good, however 3 small scallops for £9.00 were way over priced and a prawn cocktail was missing its avocado fan as advertised and had to be asked for. Main courses were a let down. Beef Sunday roast cold and fatty, vegetables were so undercooked that you could not get a fork in them and the roast potatoes were dry and cold. The gravy was thick and cold too. Roast lamb dinner was tasteless and had the same problem with veg and potatoes. Sausages and mash dinner was ok, but the sausages has a very fatty taste. The beef and ale pie had such a thin pastry layer it was virtually see through, the meat was chewy, veg and pots cold. Lots of food left uneaten which was a shame as £15.95 for a roast is pricey. The manager was really apologetic, helpful and did take off our drinks and coffee's off the bill and also refunded one dinner, he really was interested in our feedback and could not apologise enough. The food was all served at the same time which is a bonus in a large group of 14. I would go back for a second chance at the Grumpy mole, we did have a lovely family gathering but the food must be better next time. 
We went there with my wife for a face to face diner. The place is very pleasant with a trendy decoration. The service is nice and professional. The wine card is rich but ordered by grape variety, I would have preferred by origins. The food is ok and rather common with a missy presentation. For me, it is not very subtil and would need further attention in the details. It tries to look more than what it is. 
The food is very good and the staff are very friendly. The only criticism I have is there are too many tables in the restaurant. My friend and I went there on Thursday and even though the restaurant was empty we where seated right next to another couple and we found our selves whispering as to not disturb the other couple. The other couple actually apologised to us for being so close and moved into the bar area to drink there coffee 
Came here last night for Mothers Day. Initial service was slow however picked up after wards. The food would not really be suitable for anyone with a coconut intolerance/allergy as everything apart from some of the starters and the Devil range has coconut milk. The Chicken Devil is highly recommended although spicy hence its name. One strange thing is they had a photographer/videographer which we had not been made aware of upon booking and he did not ask permission to take our pics and therefore I had to shield my face as did not want to be on camera. 
Staff were polite and prices are reasonable. However the food was extremely average. The tomato sauce was artificial tasting and the gnocchi over-cooked. It was still edible, but no where near worth the 50 minute (!) wait for it to arrive. 
First off the food and drink. The beer (Rebellion) was well kept and the food was nicely presented, promptly served and was in keeping with expectations. Good selection. 
Hotel was very busy on the night, could not get a table until I complained. 
Had a lovely meal here for our anniversary... the Wagyu beef and the cheese are highly recommended!  
attended for Christmas lunch.... the food was lovely for the portion sizes are ridiculous - great place to go if you are on a diet... the draft from the seating area was unbelievable from between the joins in the bench seating and this made dining very uncomfortable, when we approached the staff about this they said it was due to work being carried out next door. they used a few napkins to attempt to block the drafts but didn't appear to bothered about it. Staff not very accommodating or the fact it was busy they couldn't cope very well. 
The breakfast buffet offers a good assortment, but is not memorable or even among the better ones at upscale hotels. The dinner was a good step up from their buffet, but still not worth the price. Definitely better than many other hotel's restaurants, but still managed to be underwhelming and overpriced.  
Went for Dinner with partner and 4 visitors. Staff were very welcoming and attentive (although our waitress did seem to shout at us rather than talk - and we really are not that old a group to be deaf !) Food all arrived promptly -- without being rushed. Terrine was very tasty but calamari was not thought to be great as was pretty tough. Fish & Chips main course was apparently distinctly uninspiring, vegetarian Wellington very good but the Chef Signature Venison Wellington was very disappointing -- pastry was superb but venison itself was literally tasteless -- not sure why but it was. Chocolate Fondant dessert received good feedback and my Clotted Cream Cheesecake was extremely good. 
We arrived fairly late in the evening as our BA flight had been cancelled, and were given vouchers for a buffet meal in this restaurant. 
On the positive side, the restaurant itself is beautiful, the food looks stunning, the South African Sommelier is very good, and the pre-dinner cocktail list is quite innovative. While the restaurant is very formal, people were a bit boisterous and having a good time.  
Pleasant surroundings in this small to medium sized restaurant and some interesting dishes and flavours that offers an alternative to other local "curry" restaurants.  
The service. For such an interesting menu, and deliciously prepared food in a stylish and comfortable setting the one real disappointment was the service. 
Freezing cold inside the bar / restaurant and terrible lighing. Burgers were good but expensive. Chips served in a minature bucket.....COME ON . Waitresses very friendly. 
After hearing about the famous Grumpy Mole we decided to give it a go. I must say it wasnt what I had expected. The staff were super attentive and very helpful, the food was ok if a little over priced. Now that Ive been I wouldnt rush back but it was a pleasant evening. 
There are a profusion of Turkish restaurants in the area at the moment, with new ones opening all the time. 
Had been looking forward to this for some time. Had read good reviews on here. 
While the meal was nice I did find bits of it average. The veggies which came as a side weren't very good, the potatoes in particular were pretty poor. My main meal, a venison wellington was very nice but could have been bigger. My two young kids had a fish & chips, I thought the fish was very oily, almost like oil wasn't hot enough. My wife had a sea bass and prawn dish which was nice, but not amazing. The "grump mole" merlot was also not great. I will go back for another meal.... 
Dated decor,miserable staff,waited 20 mins after booking time to be seated, fast turn around of customers but on the upside the chefs and food was good. 
had the mixed grill the kofte was salty and ribs were burnt due to no meat on them how ever the cubes of chicken were OK the rice was so basic the problem is when your turkish your used to proper Turkish food sadly when your not you will eat anything 
Starters very good main meal disappointing looked like a stodgy mess on the plate it was a recommended special that two of us had . Will go back again but be careful what you choose. 
Date of visit: Friday 17th November 
We went on a Saturday night, expecting it to be busy, but the set up of the restaurant meant it was really loud! (We were actually almost shouting at each other). But on the other hand two of our meals were DELICIOUS, the other two were good. This could have definitely have been a 4 or 5, but there were a couple of mix ups on the dishes and the atmosphere could have been improved.  
We ate dinner here the night before travelling. Vivre is the more casual option open to residents (and non-residents) of the Sofitel. Some dishes were very good - cauliflower soup very flavourful, squid on a nicely-dressed salad; excellent trio of rhubarb. Others were less successful - fish and chips a bit bland......And it is, of course, expensive, as airport hotel dining tends to be. 
If you are content to pack away a Sunday lunch from a decent menu with attentive staff then this place will butter your parsnips. It won't set your world on fire. It won't make you yearn to return. It won't introduce wondrous flavours or take your taste buds on a trip. It will cost you more than it deserves and I'm never a fan of that. And the decor is a fitting representation of the effort that's gone in. It's bland too, and came from the same catalogue as the food perhaps. 
A good section of food. Pizzas are fantastic. Desserts not so great. Waited sometime to get drinks even though not overly busy. 
I was more than a little disappointed with this restaurant. I wanted to take my mum out to say thank you for something and wanted somewhere that felt special. Willing to invest a bit of money in this I settled on Michael Hadra. Unfortunately it just didn't feel special at all; we were the only people there so there was no atmosphere, the decor was a bit tired and dated, the music was weird and at one point quite heavy rap. The food (2 courses) came far too quickly so what I'd hoped would be a lovely leisurely lunch lasted 45 minutes and cost almost £70. The service was ok. Luckily the food was very good but this experience made me realise just how much the dining experience matters (almost as much as the food!) 
Got off to a bad start with only two beer choices, Peroni and San Miguel. For a such I high class place I expected at least one good beer, they really should fix that, couple of craft beers for those of use who don't always drink wine. 
I took my fiancée out for a celebration meal to Restaurant Michael Nadra on the evening of 11th March. 
I visited with some friends on a Thursday evening. The restaurant was relatively busy but the staff were not rushed off their feet. 
Pretty average pub food. Nothing special to write home about. Good service - although pretty quiet when we went there. Good location and parking. 
Very good service but the food is average at best and expensive for what it is. Unfortunately in our part of London there is little competition outside of chain restaurants and the Grumpy Mole might as well be one. I suspect much of the menu is pre-made and heated, what is not is not great. Starters especially were a huge disappointment, the mezzo platter consisted of the smallest ramekin of hummus I have ever seen, similar sized bowl of olives, 3 small bits of toasted bread and a very small portion of roasted vegetables. Waiter was great, the staff deserve a better menu. My first visit will be the last 
We had afternoon tea for 5 of us, as it was my birthday. Had booked for 4 people but my son decided to join us, so I phoned up in the morning, a Wednesday, and was told that they had reserved a table for us for 4 people and so we might have to wait. When we got there at 3.30pm, the place was almost empty! 
Tasty three courses, spacious and clean, good staff but bill was 30% over priced to hit “value” for me. 
Went for an early evening dinner on a Sunday and found the restaurant very quiet. 
This was our first visit to Core. In summary, there is no doubt that Clare Smyth can cook, and some of the dishes were very good. However, the majority of dishes were overly fussy, pretentious and very much style over substance.  
Went here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and was expected to be wowed as it's rated #1 restaurant in Romford...  
This serves good food but the setting is small and very stuffy. We kept being told to be quiet - we were only with family and although on person is quite loud that is just his normal speaking voice. Overall, probably good for a romantic quiet dinner but limited if you want a buzz and have fun 
Went here after work with my colleagues, noticed it was unusually empty then found out why, there was food all over the floor outside the front of the restaurant which was just left, the service was basic and unfriendly, not one smile until the waitress brought the bill over, then she seemed to illuminate and start talking (strange that). The Atmosphere from the staff made the place seem flat. The food was good though.. Not a great experience overall. 
We dined last week, and had an ok experience. We were sitted on a four person table in the corner, but felt as though we were dining as a six as the tables were too close together, it felt very over crowded. The waitors were constantly standing around so that the instant we put our forks down they came to talke the plates away, the food was however very nice. Am unsure if we will be going back. 
More restaurant than pub, very nice decor. Food is pretty average, the special was pies which we ordered. The meat was tasty but could have been cooked a bit longer. Crime brûlée dessert was a very small portion served with compote & a shortbread biscuit. Don't know what that was about. Quite pricey for what you get. 
We had a pleasant meal here, the staff were polite and friendly, the service was about right. However, the food was expensive for what we got. My partner ordered a mutton dish which contained some gristly bits. The meal needed some sambal or other accompanyments as the dishes were rather dry in general. Not bad but there are better ones in the local area. 
Has only been open for 2 months and the 2 waiters are still learning however they are both very friendly and helpful. The small eats were delicious however the curries are very hot, even when a mild curry was requested, and the description of a creamy curry is far from creamy. 
We used to visit this restaurant when it was Fishhook and always found it buzzy and well populated. Not in this new incarnation. It didn't feel as though the new management had made much effort to change the premises apart from altering the (very drab) photos on the wall. We - a party of two - were seated in the window bay. Great, we thought until a few minutes later another rather noisy party of 4 were seated right next to us - even though there was masses of space elsewhere in the restaurant. Service was OK - but they did this thing I absolutely hate of taking the wine away and filling glasses when they fancied doing it - usually with more than we actually wanted. The food was pleasant rather than exceptional. My starter of guinea fowl was bland, needed more seasoning (no condiments on the table) and the plate filled with those irritating red and green blobs which could have been anything but were, I believe, caramelised beetroot. My partner had the tempura crab and then the turbot which, for some reason, had a supplement of £5 - what on earth for - certainly not the quality which was indifferent and fairly tasteless or for the tiny piece of red mullet which accompanied it. My main of various types of pork was much more successful. I also object to paying £4 for a skimpy portion of truffled potatoes. My partner had the cheese (another supplement, this time £7!) which he enjoyed. I called it a day. I doubt we will return. 
Food was excellent, though the atmosphere was very low key, very small place with no bar. Staff are quite rude, a place for local snobs only. Won't be going back to Chiswick in hurry! 
Our visit was on a Monday lunchtime, and so perhaps they only had 'second division' staff on duty, but we were disappointed with our meal at Michael Nadra. 
We felt the staff were not fully engaged so a little disappointing. Light food is not in abundance which is a shame. 
We was left ages waiting for food. Food nice if you like meat. Got lots of it even with the fish may be too much as couldn't eat it all. 
Finally made a trip to eat proper sri Lankan food,but definitely disappointed due the fact dishes are not Spicey or hot even we ask to make it spicy and hot. 
A good but slightly overpriced restaurant suitable for all, but not aimed at the family market. Definitely not a wow restaurant but the food, service and décor are all OK. 
The Grumpy Mole in Cheam is part of a wider group of Grumpy Mole's which are generally very good with good service and nice food. The problem with Cheam, is the number of tables crammed into the space, clearly to maximise the covers they can take in an evening. But it's so unpleasant being sat so close to other diners. We have twice found it just too off putting for what should be a nice evening out away from the kids (date night). First time the gentleman next to us was trying to break the sound barrier eating with his mouth open and snorting his snotty nose and the next time the day next to us kept eavesdropping on our conversation and interrupting to join in! Just a little too close for comfort... 
I love going to the George and have done since it was refurbished a couple of years ago. I'm a veggie and originally there were just two veggie options, risotto and pasta, not the most original options for veggies, but well executed. However, it did get a bit boring after a while, so I did not go as often, by contrast, meat lovers have a plethora of choice. Although I am a strict veggie I have several meat eating friends who also enjoy veggie food. Imagine my delight when the menu change and I eagerly scanned the it for the veggie option. However, this soon turned to disappointment as I saw that the veggie 'options' although changed, had been reduced to one!!! 
We visited on a Sunday, no music was playing and the place was more a less empty. 
A friend and I recently visited restaurant Michael Nadra for lunch. Saturday at 1:00pm . The space is well decorated, lit with an excellent selection of music. Service is swift,professional and attentive. We chose the 2 course option and ordered 2 soft shell crabs, the beef dish and the tuna. The food was competent without being spectacular. Portions were on the small side if not minimal. We were both driving and did not order any wine with our lunch which seemed to irk the waiting staff- queue eye rolling. We finished with an espresso,choosing to decline pudding, which again seemed to irk the waiting staff. 
We visited Ciao Bella recently and we were left a little disappointed with the service we received.  
A good tasting menu should not be just a collection of dishes with intense flavors, they need to be in harmony with each other, providing a sense of progression and balance.  
service was good, prices are good. The food was ok, the pizza wasnt the best i have had but nice enough to go back. Good for a decent meal. 
went to this very nice restaurant on Friday 04/12.  
The food is reasonably price and reasonably well cooked...the problem is the service is slow to non-existent. Lots of staff coming and going...unfortunately none checking your table to see if you want a drink or another drink or water replenished or if you would like dessert or if you are still alive. We ate here 2 nights in a row; the first night service was slow but acceptable..second night service was awful and we had to ask to speak to the restaurant manager...even this took time. He was not very helpful to begin with and was somewhat haughty in attitude but after extensive explanation from our side he ultimately handled the matter satisfactorily. The main problem is you are seated by one person, your order is taken by another..the drinks delivered by another, the food delivered by a food runner and then plates removed by a buser...but at no time does the original waiter or anyone else check if you need anything...you are pretty much left to your own devices...there is no continuity and no feeling that you are dining experience. 
This was a long business lunch.  
Six of us ate here on Saturday night. The food was just ok - nothing special. Portions did seem on the big size. Once seated we waited ages for the menu and for the waiter to take our drinks order. The waiter seemed very subdued and not keen on serving us. Had to attract his attention whenever we needed a drink. He never asked us if we needed anything all evening. Poor attention and poor service. Not sure we will be going back there to be honest. 
Initially we called to make a reservation a week prior. I happened the day before to be walking by and I thought I would just go in to reconfirm our reservation, but they had no record of it, but was then made a reservation. I think I consider myself having a good understanding of most cuisines and understanding how things work, but I did not have a clue what the majority of the dishes were, which I thought a positive thing for a change, so the patient waitress took her time and explained what was what, so no problem there. Starters were for non-vegetarians limited I thought, we were recommended the mutton rolls and fish cakes, however, the Lady came back from the kitchen saying they had run out of mutton rolls !!! We were the first customers in there, how can they run out of something so simple ? As I felt there was not other option I ordered chicken pieces in a kind of batter, which were twice the price of what we did want, which I thought was poor customer service when they could have said as we have run out of what we offered you we can give it to you for the same price ? Anyhow it was pretty dry and tasteless, dare I say KFC is better ! However, that was the only dish that we did not like. Main courses of prawn curry and a chicken special - think it was called devilled chicken were OK and different, and the rice was lovely. I don't think we would go back in a hurry, we both were drinking gallons of water all through the night which usually means the food contained quite a lot of salt. Anyhow, a newish restaurant finding its way and although it perhaps did not suit us the restaurant was full. Service was very good and staff friendly. Wines well overpriced, a specific bottle I saw on the menu which we have elsewhere was far more expensive than where we normally have it, and I also know how much it sells for in a supermarket, so shame on the mark-ups for wine. 
I live in Romford and love the idea of having more independent restaurants like Ciao Bella around. I've been here a few times, once for a birthday dinner with a lot of family, and every time the biggest issue for me has been the service.  
We visited this restaurant for lunch, it was enjoyable, although I was hoping for a bit more flavour / authenticity. My partner and I both went for pizzas and my partners was a little over done. The base was quite dark and crisp. However the food did taste good, and the staff were very pleasant. The pizza was very big, I couldn't manage it all and took some home.I would visit this restaurant again.  
I'm a bit of a problem when it comes to restaurants. I have severe food allergies and sensitivities. In the past, Ciao Bella was able to cope with this and cooked me a couple of good meals. This last time, however, the soup-- a clear minestrone (with cut-up vegetables floating in it) --was tasteless and completely unsatisfying. The entree, an uninteresting green salad topped with over-cooked tuna, was also quite disappointing. Although the three other people I was dining with seemed satisfied with their dinners, I won't be going back there anytime soon. 
Popped in on Sunday morning for a coffee and a mint hot chocolate. Both drinks were very nice. 
We're not impressed, we were not offered selection of teas, just, given breakfast tea, waitress did take note of our complaint, not value for money, 
Really great selection of food and drinks, staff are very friendly. On my last visit with it being on one of the “Eat out to help out” days they were busy as I expected it to be. How ever when a table did become available they were quickly to tell me to tae a seat there but the table has not been cleaned or prayed down from the last person. Food again took around 45 min to get get a waffle, my coffee didn’t arrive with the food only after I finished by that point it would have been about an hour since I had ordered it. No one had applogie for the delay. I has asked the waitress on 2 occasions about my coffee but it still never arrived. As I was finished with my food I just asked for the bill and said if they can remove the coffee off the bill as it never arrived. When the bill arrived, they had tried to charge me for 2 coffees, the waitress happyly removed it off the bill when I brought it up. The food was lovely, you can not fault that. Only 3 stars as I was not happy to be seated at a uncleared table and waiting over an hour for a coffee. 
Pleasant atmosphere and staff but the food was is average. Didn't enjoyed the bruchetta or parmitziana. 
We came here on Sunday for my husband's birthday lunch as we fancied trying somewhere new and I'd had a recommendation of this place from a friend. The restaurant looks a little shabby and as though it needs renovating, though that is not a big problem. I'd looked up the place before on the website and the menu sounded great. I ordered sauteed foie gras, with a red onion tart and orange salad for starter. There was a £3 supplement for this dish on the price of the set menu. The dish was ok but was drenched in sauce - the menu says it was madeira just but it tasted like too much balsamic vinegar and olive oil. At any rate, it detracted from the taste. My husband ordered the guinea foul ballotine which he said was a bit tastless. My main course of "herb crusted hake with pearl barley and leak risotto, romanesco, cauliflower puree and parsley foam" was quite tasty,though a little too salty and liquidy. My husband quite liked his steamed sea bass but again felt that there was too much sauce on the plate. I had a treacle tart for desert which was tasty and not too sweet, but my husband was disappointed with his huge apple tarte tatin which he said tasted quite oily and looked more like an large dumpling with the apples on top when he expected a traditional French style "tarte tatin." 
Went for a joint celebration with my partner on Friday night, booked on day and asked for a nice table, which we got right by the window and lovely and light. Starters were ok, the mains although very tasty both were served warm and on cold plates, the deserts were nice and had piping on plate to wish happy birthday/anniversary. The girl serving basically just smiled when serving not very helpful to be fair. For me this was a special night out and could of been better, I think the food was not as good as the last time we visited.  
We had a table on Saturday 8th July 2017 for 3 people. The restaurant itself was simple and stylish, but the food was expensive and not explained very well. My daughter's was very dry and the portions were on the smaller side. 1 papadum cut into strips with a tiny bowl of chutney costing £2.95 was pretty poor. 
This country gastro pub came recommended from our guest house hosts. The place seemed very busy for a Sunday evening, I had the mussels to start which were just cooked to perfection, Mum and I then both chose the breast of Duck in a Madeira sauce which was served with mashed potato and a small dish of greens. For me it looked as if our plates had been sitting under hot lights for a while as the mash had skinned slightly..and we were waiting quite a long time the meat was a little too well cooked as we were told it would be rare but we did enjoy the food nevertheless. 
Tasty meal but very slow service, and they forgot to offer us desserts (which we would have had). The teas & coffees were complimentary as a result. Well set up with lots of tables outside. For some reason the waitress was wearing her mask under her chin. Reasonable & tasty meal, just a shame about the inattentive service (we were never asked if we wanted more drinks either). 
Took my mother here for afternoon tea for her birthday in May having had such a lovely time during the last visit. It was busier this time, probably as it was bank holiday Monday. However, the afternoon tea experience was not nearly as nice - the tables were mixed, some people were eating off the main menu whilst others were having the afternoon tea and this was a little strange. We had to ask twice for our pots of tea as the plate of cakes and sandwiches had arrived without the drinks. The scones had obviously been warmed up in the microwave because as soon as they cooled down they were a little on the tough side. Also the small cakes didn't look particularly appetising. My mum did enjoy herself overall but I was disappointed as the standard should have been better for the price. 
Came here as a group of six and were seated outside on outdoor garden furniture which is fine and comfy for casual drinking with a heater but for eating it was a bit awkward and cold. 
Went for a second visit (the first was ok-ish and wanted to try again). We found the whole experience very disappointing. The attentiveness of the staff was very lacking. While they were friendly enough when they did deem to visit our table they seemed more interested in the bigger tables of people. We only had one drink as we were not asked if we wanted another even though we had finished our drinks at least 30 minutes before our bill. The food was very bland. Ordered spicy rice and it was so bland we thought we must have the wrong dish and the Vegetable Puttu Kothu was so much like the spicy rice I thought it was the same dish. Even though both these dishes were largely untouched and we said it wasn't great, no alternative was offered and no other suggestions made. We got the bill, paid and left. No-one even acknowledged our leaving. Will possibly give it another go to see if this was a one off as a Sri Lankan Restaurant is a good alternative to the usual Indian Curry Houses or chicken shops. 
Very disappointing experience we have been there on several occasions since their opening with friends. The service is seriously lacking, every time we went the food portions seemed to be getting smaller. We had to keep searching for meats in their dishes. The lumprice was not good not the real deal. We could not find any meat in ours. The meat served was of very poor quality. The menu is extensive. The flavour is good but every time we went since opening they didn't have most what was on the menu. The price is top end. Even though we are willing to pay the service and quality is not there it is not the same as when we went the first time. For a new place it is very nice inside. The owner lady must pay attention to how the food comes how long it is taking to get to the table. We had to wait a long time. I think the staff are not trained and they must look into things on a more serious note if people are to come back. Overall a disappointing experience 
Lucky that someone was leaving as all seats full.... 
We went to Core with expectations in check as we had been disappointed by Michelin starred offerings before (Mugaritz, Mirazur...) and didn't want to get ahead of ourselves. We arrived early and started with cocktails in the bar while our table was prepped. The cognac and prune cocktails were indeed excellent (and sadly proved to be the highlight of the evening). We were eventually ushered to our table, pausing momentarily for a glance of the kitchen with Clare and team busying themselves for evening ahead. Once at our table service was efficient and unstuffy and we settled in hopefully and expectantly, the cocktails having served their purpose to warm us up. Alas, that's when things started to unravel. The amuses were just that, the spelt and potato starters were respectively competent without being compelling (although the 17 year old sourdough was excellent). That's ok, we assured ourselves, we're just getting started and the mains will take this up a notch. I had ordered the short rib / oxtail onion with the promise that the beef had been cooked for two whole days. Expectations were high. The short rib was pretty to look at, but both tough and bland and not at all what two whole days of slow cooking should have produced. The dollop of mash was cold and stodgy and over-flavoured with rosemary. The onion wrapped oxtail was the best thing on the plate but was a little rubbery and left a greasy layer on my palate which even the pre-dessert palate cleanser had difficulty addressing. My partner had the duck and red grapes and was equally underwhelmed. She even struggled to slice into the duck and gave up at some point as the return on her efforts wasn't being rewarded whenever she managed to extract a morsel. The staff listened to our troubled feedback with due politeness and offer of something else, but after choosing what were the best dishes on the menu for our tastes, shook our heads at the thought of trying something else that we wouldn't ordinarily order. (It was more than a little galling that one of the staff noted that he was able to cut the duck with the self-same knife that my partner was using, so surely she was holding the knife the wrong way round: I expect he meant upside down and not by the blade whilst she attempted to batter the duck with the handle. The desserts / deserts were just and we rushed through the petit-fours intent on closing the chapter and ridding our mouths of the bitter aftertaste of the whole experience. 
Mostly great service.  
This was my first visit to this restaurant so wasn't sure what to expect. I will start with the positives. The food was excellent, tasty and plentiful. I had the Parma ham and melon to start, followed by the sea bass. The sea bass was served with vegetables which were cooked perfectly. Service was good and friendly. The restaurant was packed and very noisy but a good atmosphere. 
We visited Vivre this evening as a family of four as we are staying the Sofitel for a night before our morning flight. There are two main restaurant choices inside the hotel, both of which offer a decent menu. We opted for Vivre just for its variety.  
The food at dinner and at breakfast is great. (We didn't eat lunch there) But the service at breakfast is inconsistent. Some days great, others poor. We suspect they are understaffed and/or have too many conferences sometimes. Regardless, we never got an explanation.  
The pub is rather charming and has a nice open air garden. Staff was polite and helpful, however he had very high expectations after reading all the positive reviews and we were a bit disappointed. Bread and olives was nothing special, the main were ok, but again nothing really different from many other pubs. The desserts were disappointing, rather bland. The place is worth a visit but do not expect anything mind blowing on the food side, it is just normal pub food (maybe just a little better presented) 
If you like pizza and pasta then this place is fine  
Visited here Monday evening for my husbands birthday & it was a real let down for us all.. First time for us. Waited thirty minutes before our orders were taken. First courses were not too bad although calamari was a bit sparse. Main courses were not good. My husband had sirloin steak & I had fillet steak at £24.95. My fillet was well done, dry, chewy and burnt on top. It came with peas, mushroom & tomatoes & then came a side salad. My husbands sirloin was also well done & not enjoyable. Surely a chef should know how to cook steak? The desserts were okay. I could have had more clotted cream with the meringue as you were left with too much meringue. The large glass of wine I ordered seemed smallish compared to other places & the beer had to be sent back as it was flat. The place itself is decorated nicely & the staff are friendly enough. Not much space outside & on a very busy road. Also car park not huge. We would not return. 
This restaurant, whilst small has space around the tables, unlike some who just stack you in like sardines! The service was also friendly and reasonably attentive. As to the food, the portions are of a good size, though the quality did vary somewhat. Certainly, the 3 steaks we had differed in both size & fat content but tasted ok, especially with the black pepper sauce. The liver was also a large portion but we couldn't recommend the squid stuffed with black pudding as a starter. Very odd combination on the taste buds. Cost per head was around £35/head for a starter, main course & a drink. However, it just wasn't special enough for us to want to go back any time soon. 
Having been for lunch earlier this year I wished to go back and try a romantic dinner. 
Tried the evening tasting menu. Delicious ideas but execution slightly lacking.  
Due to excellent recommendations, we visited Ciao Bella on on Monday evening. When we arrived the restaurant was quiet, which gave us the opportunity to look around. Decor is unfussy (not entirely sure about the naked girl in spaghetti picture) and the restaurant seats about 70. There's a wood fired pizza oven, and partial view into the kitchen. Easily accessible for wheel chairs. 
Lovely ambiance, the restaurant was bathe in atmospheric natural and artificial ligh. The simplicity of the decor added to the welcoming feel of Core; not stuffy by any means. Service was peerless with some 12 very very efficient and friendly wait staff for only 40 covers. 
Decent enough modern turkish menu with a variety of dishes. Service was good. It was busy there, so a good sign, though this was right before tier-3 so probably a last gasp for many people. On the downside it was pricey for two courses and not that much alcohol. Main negative - very hard to have a conversation as the music noise level was more akin to a nightclub than a restaurant. Maybe that's what the regular clientele want as they can't actually go clubbing at the moment? 
A restaurateur good friend told me that when a restaurant uses a lot of sauce on fish or meat, it is the way to cover up food that might be near or on the turn. They use a lot of sauce. Our waiter was superb. Food was standard Italian only. Not in any hurry to go back . 
The menu was rather limited but the food was a very good quality. The service was fantastic and the owners are lovely people. I found the food portions rather small but quality made up for this. The only thing I would work on is injecting a little soul into the place as it had a rather sedate feel to it--maybe some good music (not sure what) 
It was really busy. The all male staff tried their best and were very entertaining. The service was very slow with long waits for starters mains and coffee. On a more positive note, the specials board was nice, as was the delivery of its contents by the waiter. 
The title says it all. Food was nice but the portions were disappointing. The restaurant is new and the staff were a bit inexperienced but they more than made up for their warmth and friendliness. If the portions were larger this would be a nice restaurant to re visit 
The food was not tha great, not much variety for this restaurant. The staff are extremely friendly, breakfast buffet could be better if food tags are placed on the buffet table with no need to ask saff 
I absolutely dislike the term 'foodie' and fear that it is only such self-labelled people who delight in establishments like this. I've been here for dinner twice and found it to be pretentious and over-fussed with service that most definitely doesn't match the restaurant's ambitions. 
There is a lot to like about Core. The service is excellent, the environment is beautiful in an understated way. The food presentations are spectacular. The problem is with the food itself. At Core, the large tasting menu seems to be the only sensible way to order, and, indeed it looked like almost all customers were eating the large tasting. We began with 4 tiny amuse bouchees, served in rather spectacular ways. We then proceeded to a delicious scallop tartare, and then to the potato and roe dish. This was a single fingerling potato - a very tasty potato - served with a little roe and a marvelous sauce. The next item was billed as skate with Swiss chard. It was actually a fraction of a Swiss chard leaf paired with a bite of skate. The flavor was good, at best. The next course was the piece de resistance - a baby carrot - a very small and not particularly sweet baby carrot- topped with tiny bits of braised lamb and accompanied by a dollop of yogurt with a tiny dollop of carrot green pesto. On the side we were served 2 small and tasty rolls stuffed with a few bits of the braised lamb. Our final savory course was a small slice of duck breast, lined with fat, and accompanied by a bites of grape sliced paper thin. The 3 desserts were ample and delicious. That was fortunate because otherwise we would have been quite hungry after our extremely expensive dinner at Core. We have learned to avoid tasting menus at high end restaurants, because they tend to feature tiny amounts of food on large plates at very high prices. Core taught us not to deviate from our policy. 
Our first visit on a Saturday evening. The place was full, and I thought that they had lost the nice relaxed atmosphere we had experienced on our first, weekday, visit. 
Just off the Chiswick High Road.. Food was OK, but fully priced. Wine list  
Good food and location but rather expensive, so more of a treat!. The service charge of 20% is also very high! 
An effusive welcome and excellent service. The bitter beer was well kept and made me wish I was a local. The food did not quite hit the mark, almost, but not quite. For example the soup of the day was too salty and the potato gratin dauphinoise was cut from a large chunk and was, as a result, too dry. The liver was overcooked, but that may have been my fault as I did not ask for it to be pink – but neither was I asked. The meal for two was £70. 
Visited 3 times in total. Food was nice and staff were friendly. Only problem for me was on each occasion they got my order wrong. The last time was the most frustrating when they gave my carrot cake to someone else … it was the last piece. I've found a place round the corner now, so far so good. 
My two friends and I meet regularly for lunch and went here instead of usual place yesterday. The food was really good, the staff really nice , friendly and efficient - but the noise was just too much. We, as I'm sure many others who eat out, like to meet to chat over the meal, but here the music was so loud we had difficulty hearing one another as also did others - hence the increase in noise. We did ask the waitress to please lower the volume and we think she did a very little, and it was raised again within minutes. Pity - such a nice place but no good if you wish to have a conversation! 
Working in the area and this is the second visit to this Restaurant, food okay and portions generous! However the service could have been much better, two waitresses Maria and Georgia, One of the dishes ordered was garlic bread, when it came it was like a frisbee, we asked for a fresh garlic bread which was replaced quite quickly but was practically thrown onto the table by Georgia!! Georgia definately needs a course in customer service, her attitude during the whole evening leaves a lot to be desired however Maria's customer service was excellent. 
The food is nice, limited gluten free menu which is mainly fish and meat. Staff friendly and attentive, its very expensive for what it is which is a slightly up market Turkish. 
Visited Saturday afternoon as Chiswick is fast becoming a favourite spot of ours.  
Waiters lovely but forgetful. We had to remind our waiter twice that we had not had our. The service is definitely not flawless , but the friendliness of the staff makes up for this.  
Service rather slow and some confision over whether breakfast was included. Food standard satisfactory. 
Another great meal at skewed, however some misses. Service a little slower, a side order delivered late and cold. We asked for it to be replaced. It was with the comment, we cooked a new one (which I would expect) however it wasn’t! There was the remains of the food off our plate when we had replaced the cold part back in the dish. With new restaurants popping up, service like that will loose you customers!  
I had king prawn linguine. The dish was so heavily laced with red chilli that I couldn't taste anything else. I was left with hiccups :( Very poor execution of a dish that should have been delicious if properly balanced. Service was slow - it took so long to pay that we missed the film we were going to see at the cinema. 
On arrival we were not asked for our contact details. 
I liked but I didn’t like...... a loud Amarican on one table, a bored girl on another with a guy trying too hard and a selection of business looking guys. Interesting food, could have eaten more. Not somewhere I would race back to but that tells you everything about the clientele. Rather stuffy and imposing. The bill total was over £800 so not a place that you will be visiting everyday. For what we had I would consider that an eye watering amount.  
I rate it at 3.5 The food is nice, not great but could be so much better. Presentation lacking. Borderline, championship/Premiership. Just needs a few minor tweaks to get the food right. Major need to sort the service front of house out. Covid gets blamed for everything atm but the waitresses desperately need training properly. They all congregate behind the bar.  
We visited Skewed on a Saturday and loved the atmosphere. The staff were very attentive. The meal was a bit disappointing as my main was undercooked and not edible. The waitress did not take my plate away to replace but eventually brought a small portion back to me on a side plate. By then I had lost interest in the meal. 
Several friends have recommended this pub, so gave it a try. 
First time here even though I live locally, not a big fan of Turkish food , for me it was ok , but dry , bit like an overpriced kebab shop ( not a fan of those either ) it has no atmosphere it’s just a place where you can eat , personally I wouldn’t recommend it .  
Have been there twice in the last 2 weeks and have to say the service is still excellent but the quality and quantity of the food is not as good as previous visits. We have be coming to this place since it opened but am sad to say that these last two visits the food hasnt been up to the normal high standard. 
Booked a table for me and my fiancé, quiet disappointed if I’m honest, food was ok nothing to be amazed by after reading the reviews here. The service was friendly. I felt quite cold within the restaurant and my table was near the Toilets.  
Food and the milkshakes were absolutely amazing! The reason that I can't give this place full maks is that one of the Manager's took my plate away whilst others were still eating. Why can't the plates be cleared on our own time when everyone on the table has finished eating? It's really put us off returning. Makes customers feel rushed and not relaxed. 
the meal was excellent and reasonable value from the set menu. There was 7 of us and we had a table up the stairs but still in the restaurant! Unfortunately we all found it a bit too noisy. Not sure if it was because of where we were sitting or just the business and poor acoustics. Staff are friendly and attentive with good service. We will go again, but hopefully we will get a table on the ground floor. 
Fab menu, didn’t fulfil!! Tough beef, poor value for money, for the price expected a better cut!? Service was great!!  
Food, service and decor all average. 
Walking by a few weeks ago and reading the menu in the window, Restaurant Michael Nadra attracted me sufficiently to make a booking for dinner with friends, for 7.30pm on a mid-November Saturday. This was our first and probably only visit to the restaurant, which was, overall disappointing. Other reviewers refer to the restaurant as 'cosy' and yes, it is indeed compact, which means the noise level is very high, making conversation frustratingly difficult. The food in the main was pretty good but not exceptional by any means. The apple tarte tatin needs special mention (for a wrong reason however) as being far too 'generous' and really quite off putting after quite generous first and main courses. As regards service, a previous reviewer referred to the poor attitude and demeanour of the 'front of house' staff and I would fully endorse that negative view, particularly in respect of the male staff. Overall, as I have said the experience was disappointing and a further visit is unlikely. 
Went to Michael Nadra for my birthday with family for the first time - Very cramped and placed by toilet door so kept getting disturbed. They do a set price for 2 or 3 courses but then slap on either £4 or £5 extra for various dishes - in my opinion don't do the set menus unless all is included in price. The food was very good - however, it would have been nice to have the king prawns de-veined. The service was very bad - we had to wait nearly 2 hrs for our main meal - after complaining about it, when the final bill arrived they had put a service charge on it - which we asked them to remove - I don't expect to have to pay for service when we have just complained about it!!!! - I must say we won't be going here again. 
We booked a table and sat down but it was so noisy we couldn't converse with each other and decided not to order. There was a large group celebrating a birthday but they weren't shouting and it just seems to be the acoustics of the place. The sound meter on my phone was reading 90-95dB and if that doesn't mean anything to you; suffice to say that one of those Xlerator hand dryers in some cloakrooms is 85dB. Everyone else in there seemed to be having a good time and they were clearly very busy so don't be put off if you like that sort of atmosphere. 
If you are going to serve pancakes, make them fresh and cook them fresh. I am convinced I had ones from the day before or longer as the pancakes were tough and the bacon had definitely been refrigerated before being reheated - it was pretty solid. I so love pancakes but am really struggling to find somewhere that does them well! 
Gastro Pub with very expensive drink prices. Food we had was ok but over priced for what you receive. Can't fault the service though. Very attentive, polite & accomodating.  
Sadly, my family and I visited this restaurant and were disappointed to say the least. The food is of an average standard, which is surprising as the wait for it makes for a huge anticipation and promise of something truly wonderful. However, we soon realised that this was due to poor service - slow and painful to watch.... at these prices they really should train their waiting staff better.... will not be going back  
I went here with a few friends and family for an evening meal. The atmosphere was lovely on a sunny evening, and their conservatory area is nice. 
The dining at it is best.Good food and service.We love it . Meals are Always interesting, staff very attentive. Good job! 
We have been coming to the Bell & Crown for many, many years and visited for the first time since the renovation one lunch time this week. On entering the small area at the rear of the pub we were asked if we intended to eat. We said we were not sure, and were abruptly informed that it was not possible to sit in this out door area unless we were having a meal! At the time there were only two tables occupied. Our once friendly relaxed local seems to have vanished overnight. We can only hope that things settle down and go back to the way they were. 
Went here with friends for lunch and eat off the fixed price menu. The service was very good, attentive and friendly however the food was at best average. My wife hated her ricotta and spinach pancake with a passion and my spaghetti bolognese was mainly not very nice mince beef (with a nasty after taste). However, I've got to say our friends thought the food was good! Hence the 3 stars. 
I visited this restaurant for the first time on a Thursday night with two other people. It was extremely busy, owing to a large birthday party. The restaurant itself is very small, and very noisy. The decor could be a bit better - there was some tacky strip LED lighting which was flickering during the night right next to our table, which was distracting. The menu was well priced, but they have a large selection of specials, which are mentioned verbally without prices, and these are much more expensive. Portion sizes are huge, which somehow spoiled the enjoyment of the food somewhat. Service was good, with some friendly touches and the feel of a family-run place. 
Cappadocia is easy to find but leave some time for parking as there is limited space by the restaurant which is big and beautifully appointed. However, I found it very noisy where we were sitting. Something wrong with the acoustics. Good welcome and efficient service. Plentiful menu to find something you like and everyone on my table enjoyed their food. Mixed meze starter for sharing was excellent (£15) and mains (£15 - £18). Wine list was for me the star of the show with bottles from £16 to £100. It would be lovely to see the staff smiling a little more as that puts everyone at ease. Great for a family occasion. 
Although it was very quiet, I still had to wait outside at my table for 10 minutes, even after a waiter came our and served another table. It wasnt until I actually entered the bar,did I get the attention I needed.  
First place we chose to visit going out after lockdown as always great food and service.  
After hearing a lot about this,restaurant went there last night. First impression very noisy . I personally don't like having to compete to be heard when just trying to have a conversation with my dinner partner. Food I had antipasti tasteless and one of the selection of meats was I think rubber. Main meal veal in white wine cream mushroom sauce again tasteless sent it back as it just didn't taste of anything. Had a,steak instead which was lovely .  
I thought I'd try this place as it seemed to have a good review, WRONG.!! 
Not the place to go for a quiet meal - a group of 6 ladies, we we're there on a Thursday night and could not hear ourselves talk. It's clearly a popular restaurant, and it was our 3rd visit, but this time I was disappointed. The chef must have been having an off day. The food took AGES to get to us, only half the starter order came while we waited for the rest, followed by a very average main. No one at our table was blown away. The desserts did not live up to expectation either. Perhaps the a la carte menu would have produced better results than the fixed; I don't know? 
We visited Skewd yesterday evening and the restaurant was lively but for my liking too noisy with unnecessary background music adding to the general din. The food is good standard Turkish fare but more expensive than other similar restaurants with a chicken shish costing £15.50 with salad and rice was an extra £3.50. They then add 12.5% service to boot.  
Food was lovely, but slightly over priced for what we got, the portions weren’t as large as what we thought and we were still hungry after. The atmosphere inside was warm and welcoming.  
5 of us went for lunch. We had the set menu 2 courses which was good value at about £9. Range of starters wasnt spectacular. I had a lentil soup which was a bit grainy. Main selection was better but not being a fan of lamb it was limited for me. I had chicken skewers as my main which was alright bit of cous cous on the side. Service was polite if a wee bit slow but to be fair it was busy. Overall it was ok-ish. 
Visited for my son's 30th birthday early on a Saturday night. Had prebooked as there were 8 of us. 
We've eaten in many Fullers managed houses so have a decent idea of what to expect, and what we received here was beyond average, especially the starters, for the inflated prices. 
We came here for dinner as a large group (pre-booked). Our table wasn't ready at the set time, but I understand this can happen on a Saturday. When we were seated it took a very long time for the waiter to take our for drinks orders - 20 mins to half hour. We had to call him over as he was serving anyone but us. Same thing happened with our food orders, we saw people who had just come in get served while we still sat there hungry. Two members of our party ordered lamb and were told a few minutes later that the kitchen had ran out of lamb. At 6:30pm on a Saturday this was quite surprising. The food itself was nice although definitely overpriced in many cases, I think you pay predominently for the location as the pub is right on the Thames. We had a 5 year old with us and her order from the kids menu (sausages and chips) was undercooked and had to be sent back to put back in the oven. All in all the evening was fine, but I wouldn't return for food here. A drink during the summertime perhaps, but there are equally picturesque pubs further down the Thames with better service and cheaper prices. 
Had a family Sunday lunch here. Pasta for the children and roasts for the adults. Pasta was served and girls enjoyed it. One had asked for broccoli with hers, which had been forgotten. Sadly it arrived once she'd finished her meal, but it was nice and she ate it anyway.  
I live a good restaurant and cant fault the staff at all for their lovely service and tentativeness but today maybe as t was late afternoon the food was sloping served and nothing special. 
Nice pub with a fine beer and food selection but......thd bar area us verh small and tends to get clogged up witb bar bats ( tend to hang around ). 
Went for Sunday lunch at The Three Horseshoes on the above date. Bitterly disappointed as it was the first time for a long while. What has happened to this pub. Tepid roast lunch and vegetables barely enough for 2 ladies, definitely not 4. We had a tablespoonful each an utter disgrace. Two tiny pieces of lamb all in all very disappointed in this lunch. I will not return and will continue with their other pub in Esher, The Wheatsheaf which would jump over their heads.  
When I used to live in Chiswick this great located pub was one of my favourites... Obviously now changed hands it looks cleaner and brighter but has lost much of the homely character of old and (cardinal sin for a Chiswick Fullers pub) they no longer serve ESB on draught! Still the location is great though - nothing will take that away... 
Staff were very good but the food was ordinary. 
really looking forward to it. Vety quirky and different but disappointed. £80 for 2 starters 2 mains and 2 drinks.  
We were a little concerned with the service during a visit today. The service was poor from the start when I had to go and order drinks from the bar after we had been seated. After a nice meal they tried to put a 40% gratuity on our bill even though we had pressed the key for no gratuity added to the bill , we like to leave a cash gratuity. Anyway it was still taken off the card and we had then to get a refund. I think your bill needs to be checked very thoroughly here. A great shame I have been coming to them shoes’ for 45 years and lived in Laleham for 26 of them. 
As regular visitors to this venue it is a great disappointment that it has been slipping over the last few years. Even though there are changing specials on the menu the overall selection remains static and the food and its presentation is below that we had become accustom to. This is a great shame as it is an excellent pub/restaurant with a lively atmosphere and efficient staff. Hopefully it will restore itself to its previous position among the top rated places to eat in the area. 
Nice food and service.hard to get wrong though As it’s mainly grilled meat houmus and salad,ok price 
Went for family birthday meal in August, it's about the fourth time I've been and each time I come away thinking "well that was nothing special". 
Disappointing. 
Went for a family birthday and there was 16 of us and I could not fault the service warm staff and the food. 
Burger restaurants have become incredibly trendy in the last few years. This is all good news to me as I love hamburgers so I was really looking forward to taking my partner to Gastronomical Burgers after hearing some great things and seeing the reviews. 
Good average pub nice staff and cheap drinks. Good place if you just want a pint and no fuss. Would go on own or with mates.  
Pleasantly situated on the banks of the Thames, if slightly off the beaten track. Great on a hot summers day to sink a few ales and put the world to rights but aesthetically there is not much in the way of immediate vistas. On another day the tide might be in full swell with craft sailing by but not today. 
Nothing special. Starter was clearly microwaved as different temperatures throughout. Mains were not hot but fairly tasty. Tables are very close together and private conversation is impossible whilst having to listen to the next table. There are better Turkish restaurants around and will not be returning to this one. 
My partner and I visited for the first time a few weeks ago. Although staff were friendly and helpful, my starter was a little bland and we did not overly enjoy our meal. However with an expanded menu, I think this would be a lovely place to eat. 
Visisted tonight for 1st time as had heard good reviews.Very disappointed I ordered Turkish pizza for starter and when served it was cold.I returned the pizza and the same pizza arrived 2 mins later after being heated up!!!  
Visited for the 1st time at 4.15 to try the set lunch-2 courses for £9.95.Some confusion over the available hours -because leaflet says until 5pm but restaurant menu says 4pm so be careful. 
A nice quirky little place that used to be the station wating room. 
The food was okay, it has a nice large garden patio and the pub inside has a pleasant ambience. But the food service was poor and we were there at a less busy time yet there were a lot of young staff on duty. There seems to be a lack of organisation or management oversight or care for customer service. The vegetarian meals were served a long time before the others, the vegetables were forgotten, we were told on going inside to enquire at the bar, and arrived when the meals were nearly finished and the coffee was also forgotten until the second reminder at the bar. At £20 each for a two course meal, a better standard of service should be expected and with good management could easily be put right. We did say something on paying but did not get the impression there was much concern or that it would go any further and no reduction on the bill or a voucher was offered,. 
Stopped here for drinks over the weekend. The venue was fairly busy, but the bar wasn’t. Great location but service goes down hill when busy-the staff were young and weren’t working particularly effectively. Customers were getting angry due to inappropriate queuing requests at the bar and that most of the toilets were out of order. 
This is a good reasonably priced restaurant with a great variety on the menu. Staff are excellent and very helpful 
too much use of 'foam' in virtually every dish served!!! The dishes lacked real defined taste because of this. 
Our first visit was excellent - this visit not so much. The menu choices were good, the service likewise. Our starters were delicious and our request for no onions fulfilled. The main course pizza didn't list onions on the menu and was duly ordered. Pizza chef however decided to change the recipe with red onions added. The waiter apologised and took the plate back. The waiter not the issue - the thing about open plan kitchens is that the customer can see the cooking. Can see the chefs. It was the reaction of the pizza chef which really let the evening down. A mistake was made - accept it and make amends the customer doesn't want to see the tantrum.  
This has an unusual feel about it. It is a burger joint based on a farm . The service is excellent . However I was disappointed by the burgers as there needs to be more invention and more in the burger. They do have drink there but limited . However they do encourage you to bring a bottle if you like and they charge £3 corkage. They only take cash which is annoying . They did tell me but I forgot to check my wallet and had to go to a cash point to get more funds. My fault I know. 
Wanted to give this place a second chance but it still did not get full points. 
I visited Skewd with a friend having read good reviews. The restaurant was very busy and hence, very noisy making having a conversation difficult. Having just ordered a main course each we were encouraged to try a dip whilst waiting for the main dish. We happily chose to share a portion of Hummus which was very nice. However our waitrose swiped plates away from us before we had finished eating, when we looked surprised by her action, only then did she ask if we had finished as our main dishes were ready. Actually we hadn't and her action was very abrupt and rude. 
Group of 10 went for a birthday dinner, we pre-booked and were shown to our table quickly. We ordered our food and waited, and waited and waited, so one of us went to the bar and profuse apologies starters will be out in 5 minutes 30 minutes later they arrived. You would think that after we had complained about the wait the main would be more prompt, errrrrmm no another 45 minute wait and again only after we asked twice. Desert seemed to come quicker but only 3 people ordered the 3rd course 
Maybe it's my own fault for not sticking to what they do best. We went for dinner and I have been watching my weight so chose the chicken and avocado salad which was terrible. The chicken was dry and the bagged salad disgusting. My partner had lamb kish which he said was ok. Our starters however were very nice as was the wine and service. It was relatively expensive and poor compared to other Turkish Restaurants we have been to. We won't go there again 
The food at this informal restaurant was good. We enjoyed our wagu beef burgers. However, the service was patchy. As well, the prices were quite high for what we enjoyed 
Location is fantastic, by River Thames, with nice outdoor tables. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Good choice of beer. Food is average (chicken pie was far from being the best in that area).  
Great location, but that is it... the food wasn't great, put it better, the food was ok, the menu options very poor... very busy, the food took ages to arrive, nice staff, probably try again , but not on a busy Sunday... 
Reading the reviews I thought it sounds like a nice restaurant  
Quick 1 night stopover & stayed at Sofitel before heading home. Vivre is one of their restaurants. I'm giving this 3* based on my dinner and my breakfast experiences. Dinner was poor to fair, way too much unnecessary things in the arribiatta dish, way too much sauce. It was a struggle to get that dish down. It had an entire bunch of parsley on it almost. Not great. The bread was eh. Service was slow. My partner had the waygu burger, the bacon was raw & had it sent back to cook. Chips (fries) were good but that's not difficult to manage. The onion rings were good, lightly fried. Overall, I wish I didn't consume those awful calories but had to eat something. If I were rating this on its own, 1*. 
A little tricky to find but easy parking. Upon entering I was greeted somewhat strangely being given a look as if to check I was suitable, however I obviously pissed the test and was welcomed in, it was fairly busy for a mid week night and it was obvious that most of the guests where regulars and well known to the staff, not sure I fitted. However the decor is great and the aroma wonderfully seafoodish. I ordered breaded (heavily) whitebait which was ok but not overly tasty, the tarter sauce was very mild and then moule marinare with French fries, again ok but not great, mussels slightly over cooked and very small, fries undone. All in all £30 (Inc a small beer) was equally ok but not a great. 
Despite a recommendation and having read so many positive reviews, we were disappointed with our meal. We chose the set lunch menu; the starters were good but the lamb kebabs were inedible. The wine list was pricey and, while the service was efficient, the restaurant was noisy. I’m afraid we will not be returning. 
I visited here Friday with my husband to celebrate his Birthday. We booked a table for 8.30pm and arrived a little early. We were seated straight away in the corner near the back door.  
The staff were very helpful and friendly. We ordered food about 6.30pm. Apparently the pub has been busy all day, so certain foods were not on the menu as they had runout. Not a problem for my party. All of us had a good meal bar one. That person ordered chicken and mushroom tagliatelle. It was tagliatelle with a chicken leg on the top with broccoli. That was not what we expected. If you cannot serve what is on the menu, then inform customer. Very disappointing. 
This is a Café style restaurant in the Sofitel. It gets vey busy for breakfast but the buffet is very varied and good quality. Watch out if you eat dinner as they do not seem to use china plates. We ordered Pizza and chicken. The Pizza arrived on a wooden plate which fell in half as it was being served. The pizza ended up on the floor and spilt over the chair in front of us. The butter arrive on a mall slate and my chicken on a wooden board with a cast iron insert. China Plates would have been a better choice I think. When the second attempt arrived the food was good but cost £72 for two courses for two people without any wine. The staff are helpful but often run off their feet clearing up spilt Pizza. 
Went for lunch on New Years Day - place was packed! We arrived later than planned so missed out on my choice of mussells which were finished so opted for a burger.  
I came here for our 4th anniversary and as it was Ramadan we came to open our fast. 
We ate here with a group for a birthday meal. The food we had was excellent but I am unlikely to return especially on a Saturday evening.  
Told chef won prize so decided to try...and the Lamb Shish was a large portion and absolutely excellent! But then ....ordered Shakshuka which is made with eggs and this was just mixed veg, no egg in sight. Something called Beetroot Tarator made with yoghurt and beetroot was tasty...but their hand-cut chips turned out to be large spuds cut into 4 or 5 pieces and deep-fried...not my idea of chips. Grilled octopus was OK . Lamb Pide needed a bit more lamb!!! Staff friendly and efficient,prices not bad. So would happily go back for more Lamb Shish...but would be a bit careful for other items. 
We love fish eat it regularly so we looked forward to Denny's. Interior decor looked tired but acceptable (very woody). The fish dishes we ordered where disappointing however and left us a bit deflated. We won't be going back sadly as its very close to where we live.  
My wife and I went for lunch. Lunchtime menu was very average. I had the special,steak pie, okay.Seating was quite cramped with lots of pushing past whilst eating which I hate.Bar service was slow Not sure what evening menu's like but I doubt I'll go again for lunch. 
You would expect more from a restaurant inside Sofitel Heathrow, but Vivre is a bit of a let down. The food is okay, but the staff seem lazy and disorganised. The salt on my table was empty so I requested another and the waiter took one from another table which was also empty. I asked for butter and was told, "it should be on your table" and when I explained that is why I'm asking was told, "that's strange"...so butter was supplied from the adjacent table. That now meant the adjacent table has no salt, had no butter when a tiny bit of effort would stop the next guests sitting at the adjacent table going through the same. The breakfast food is nothing exceptional, although there is good variety and plenty of it. The cappuccino should be avoided. Better supervision and training of staff would avoid this restaurant not being recommended for breakfast. (Incidentally: Don't let this review reflect on the Sofitel Hotel at Heathrow which is excellent). 
We love The Green Man and have positively reviewed it before. I can only hope this was an 'off day' as things didn't work at all well for us on this visit. I chose the mixed pork and beef roast whilst my partner opted for the rare beef. The beef was the main issue as it was very difficult to cut and chew and was largely gristle. I don't think my partner managed more than one mouthful. Everything else on the plate was great but the meat had the lead role in this production so it needs to be critiqued. The gravy was no longer on the side in a jug as it had been but both roasties were a delight. Our visit was further compromised by the table next to us who not only saw fit to have a small dog sitting up at the table but also one that hadn't been able to do its business until it found a quiet time under the table when nobody was looking! The resulting 'output' was wrapped in a napkin and left on the side of a dinner plate, which must have been a surprise for the kitchen staff! We were offered complimentary desserts by way of compensation but I don't have a sweet tooth and they had run out of custard so that didn't work for my partner! Not worthy of the £40 we paid. We will give it another try as things can't possibly go that wrong twice, can they? 
This was one of my favourite pubs, now every table seems to be reserved for dinners, very frustrating.. not really a pub any more, such a shame.  
Nice Service and food, ambiance is cosy with a good selection of beers . Close to river and Kew bridge 
Just come back from a family Sunday lunch at the Three Horseshoes. Very nice although the Sunday roasts were distinctly average. Lots of roast potatoes but not much else. 
Staying for a night at Sofitel, didn't want to go around and search... Vivre is just 20 meters away and apparently a classy good restaurant  
We've been here three times, but our last visit was the least enjoyable. All the basics are there, great menu, great burgers but they do seem to be struggling with scale. Main course took well over an hour. There was a large group in and we were a group of 8 but it still felt they are stretched sometimes. I could have forgiven this had it not been for the bill 4 portions of Halloumi so small we thought only 2 had been sent out, and a charge of £20 left an unpleasant taste. The bill for 8 was £240 which also felt high as we had 4 children, so for these reasons reasons I can't rave about this place like I used to 
I had heard SO many people raving about this place that I had to go and try it for myself. The burgers are certainly nice....but not as fantastic as I was expecting. I also thought they were very expensive and the price does not include chips etc which all have to be bought separately. All in all it was okay....but it was just a burger! 
Let me start with the food, which was excellent. I had their signature dish of a lamb shish kebab and the meat was superb. 
We live locally & used to come here with friends frequently & have been for 14 years. These days it's a few times a year to support the local restaurant & to see if, by chance there are any changes or improvements. 
Come here at least twice a month and always have a good meal and no difference this time with main courses,. Two roast lamb dinners were loverly. The 3 stars is because of the dessert £6 for a deconstructed lemon curd cheesecake severed in a tiny bowl that our 2 Yr old granddaughter would of eaten in less than a minute. Mostly cream, tiny bit of plain biscuit crumb and just tasteless and not worth the money. I know places have to make money but at least give a decent dessert if your going to charge £6. Would love to see this place put new exciting mains and puddings on their menus but I'm guessing they are a chain and have to follow the others? It's busy because you know what to expect but it would be nice to be surprised once in a while  
Nice and cosy inside. Nice outside garden but doesn't get much sun. The food was average, well presented but some over seasoned and some bland. Staff very accommodating. 
My wife, son and his family had visited previously and been very impressed. 
The ambience is just wonderful waiter very attentive and helpful. Food overpriced and not wonderful. Piella tasteless, seafood casserole tasteless. 
I have been waiting a while to visit this restaurant and I must say it's in an interesting location and loved the idea of walking into the station and opening the door to the entrance - a very Narnia like experience. 
We booked a table via their web site which was easy to do. The pub has a large car park and outside eating area. The staff were friendly and helpful even though the pub was very busy. The food served was not cheap, but it was well coked and served quickly.  
Position good, food good and large portions, service good, but simply packing too many people in giving the feeling of being cramped and very noisy, Not relaxing. 
Im afraid to say, its no longer the tasty little restaurant it once was. 
For the price the quality needed to be better. The English bacon was dried out, the eggs greasy but they were quick to poach me one! Staff were great but I expected more selection of loose teas for this calibre of hotel. For the money the premier inn buffet shines in comparison. 
I went here a couple of weeks ago along with a number of other people for a celebration, as were a few other parties also doing on the same night. It's worth saying that just about everyone I was with enjoyed the evening but I came away feeling as though it didn't quite hit my expectations. (Based on other reviews and recommendations). 
I've been visiting the Green Man since I was 18 and was there today with my wife for my 63rd birthday lunch. Towards the end of the meal I noticed there was one item missing from hers and when mentioned they were quite apologetic. On returning home (to my reading glasses!) I noticed that not only had they not taken anything off for the missing item, they had actually overcharged us for her meal. To make matters worse, they also overcharge for the drinks. I think our next pub meal in Denham will be at the Swan (as others have alluded to). 
We actually only decided to book here because La Trompette (our favourite Chiswick restaurant)was shut for rennovations but its good to branch out and try new places, especially if they are local. Good start as we had a great table and were really looking to some fish! 
We recently stayed at the Sofitel Hotel and had dinner and breakfast in here. The breakfast was excellent with freshly cooked food, amazing coffee, excellent friendly service and well above average choice of food. We were less enthusiastic about the dinner menu, which seems less good than previously. There was nothing very healthy to choose on the menu, seems to consist mainly of indian or mexican food. We had fish and ships which consisted of mainly batter and very fatty chips. Also quite expensive 
Nice enough meal good service we had a nice time. We were catching up with friends so it was nice not to be rushed. 
Very expensive for a night out in chislehurtst had better Meaks in a chain restaurant service for 16 people with two guys who,pretend to be friendly to sell drinks and an eighty pound service charge REALLY and same veg with every meal very poor accompiaments to meals and charged for 
Good food, friendly staff.  
We had originally booked for 8, but due to illness this was reduced to 5.  
My meal was one of the specials a fish, crayfish risotto and was quite good but not a hot meal. I like to eat my food hot. My husband had a really nice bubble and squeak but they served the poached egg with this cold. Neither of us like cold poached egg. 
Having travelled to the area to visit theme parks took advantage of the nearby restaurant. We prebooked and seated fairly quickly, however waited 30 minutes before we even had our drinks order taken, baring in mind it was 35c plus, and asked several times for at least tap water. 45 mins later finally we had our refreshments. 
My partner and I decided to visit here for a date night and chose Ciao Bella due to the great reviews on Trip Adviser, but we were disappointed. The portions were too big, tasted very average and over priced. Unfortunately we don't think we'll be back, but the restaurant was very busy so maybe we just had bad luck with our choices. 
Have been here on numerous occasions to eat and drink. Good vibe but had to wait a long time for food as it was so busy. Good is good but overpriced as is the wine. The red we had was not pleasant. Won't hurry to go again for catch up with friends. 
Lunch time (12.00 to 17.00) deal of two courses at £10.90 is good value. 
We went Last night to take advantage of the Eat out to help out but unfortunately it wasn’t the best experience. I asked for my tuna to be medium cooked, instead it was pretty rare. The Caesar salad I had was not nice at all , the dressing tasted overpoweringly of anchovy, which I know should be in that dressing, but not to that degree, the lettuce was wrong and it was limp, everything was just disappointing, but the worst bit was that they added service charge so the £10 off which we would’ve got was reduced to £6 and some pence and didn’t seem worthwhile 
Visited with friends who are regulars and love the place but I am afraid I didn't share the love. I found the restaurant and decor tatty and dated along with the menu which is seriously old fashioned and in another era. Sat at table by the door which was awful, too cramped and freezing cold. The food is ok but that's all just ok, lacking flavour and I have had much better fish and seafood. On a positive note the staff are very friendly and efficient. Will not be returning  
The title is how I felt and wrote two years ago but but my friends and I were disappointed with the fish and chips on the most recent occasion. Something has changed and we pretty much all felt the same. Unbelievably the batter was too crispy and too much of it and the fish didn't seem so plump, succulent and tasty. It was especially a shame as in the past I've compared my enjoyment of fish and chips here with everywhere else I have been. I had thought of it as the best! 
Handy for the River Thames where we tied up our boat. Nice looking place with good ambience and an interesting menu. But, as ever, was a bit concerned about the breadth of an ambitious menu. What should have been easy to prepare meals (liver and bacon and mash and duck breast with cauliflower mash and apple) didn't really hit the mark.  
I've been to this restaurant 3 or 4 times over a couple of years for lunch. A particular group of girl friends and I always meet here. 
The starters were the best part of the meal. The main meal was awful, I had the arrabiata which was spaghetti in what was like a soup. No flavour just tomato and as far as being hot there was no chilli in it. The service wasn't good, when my daughter left her meal because she didn't like it the waiter just shrugged his shoulders. The didn't even say goodbye when you left the restaurant. It was more like a cafe than a restaurant, won't be going back there again. 
Beautiful pub and really friendly staff ,had the ploughmams and partner had a prawn starter served with Marie rose average food served with a BIG smile will be pack 
Not bad local, but nothing special either. We came, unhooked, in a Sunday, a little after the lunch rush and the potatoes in the roast dinner were hard as rocks and had to ask for gravy and cranberry sauce! Average Sunday lunch meal, but pub was nice and cosy. 
6 of us dined last Wednesday. Great hosts, excellent starters, pizzas looked good, carbonara poor. 
My son came in from overseas and I booked a table for a Saturday night at 7.30. 
The bottom line here is that while the food is slightly better in taste and presentation than at most other local Turkish restaurants, it is markedly over-priced for what’s on offer. Adding insult to injury is that: first, service is so indifferent as to approach non-existent; second, when you get your bill, you will discover (if you do the calculation yourself) that a 12.5% service charge has been added to it without an independent food total being listed first. We had gone to the restaurant with a couple of friends on a Saturday night as it is local to us and seemingly very popular. The restaurant is deafeningly noisy; tables are cramped and too closely spaced. The main courses come with a tiny dish of salad only – unremarkable except for the fashionable sprinkle of pomegranate seeds. Lamb and chicken shishes are £15; my Ali Nazik, £17. Rice or chips have to be ordered extra: the price for a tasty but rather spartan portion of ‘hand-cut’ chips being £3.50. Our waiter removed the bread that had accompanied our single meze starter which we had asked to keep, promising instead to bring fresh bread with the mains, but this never arrived. We were taken aback by the bill which at £125 we considered high for one starter, one of their cheapest bottles of wine, and 4 kebab meals; a ‘service optional’ charge of £13.90 was listed, but nowhere on the bill was our food and drink separately totalled helping to camouflage the fact, as we realized later, that they add on – an extremely undeserved – 12.5% service charge on top. Even though service is optional, in these circumstances, who would have the will or opportunity to challenge it? The din and lack of attention defeated us in the end, and we decided to go elsewhere for coffee and dessert. We won’t be returning.  
I bought a groupon voucher for this restaurant and to be honest it didn't save that much. I totally understand why there is a limit, but £3 extra for a 10p addition seems a little OTT. We had to wait for about 10 minutes to be served initially as they seemed more concerned with telling us what we could and couldn't do within the groupon voucher. No offer of a drink. I had to ask and although the starter wasn't too delayed, we had been in the restaurant over an hour before our main arrived( it was not full either) My main plate was so hot I could feel the heat on my face and it was evident that it had been sitting either under a grill or in an oven. Saying that, the food was nice and the fish was beautifully cooked. Probably won't be rushing back, but I can see why people would like it and maybe an evening has more atmosphere. 
Food is good service was very slow took 30mins for the table to be cleared as the staff had better things to do chatting away to each other as service was shocking we refused to pay the service fee they put on the bill. Also male toilet was broken would not flush. Nice food just let down by staff lack of wanting to do there job 
Although the staff were friendly I have to say the food was a disappointment. It was limited menu as it had been a busy day . This we did not mind so we ordered and waited ages for the starters which finally turned up . Then we waited ages again for the mains and when they did arrive we were very surprised at the content. Or lack of content, my lamb was cold and the two mouthfuls of veg with it were tasteless. We will not be returning  
Arrived at the restaurant at 5:30 when they opened. We went early having just flown in wanted to eat and go to sleep. We were the first two people in the restaurant and took a while to order but forever to get the appitizer, then the main course, and then even the check. Finally got out in two hours and we eat fast! Felt sorry for the table next to us. They came in with a party of 10 just after us and they were served their main course one hour and 50 minutes after they arrived. Food was OK but not good enough to justify that kind of wait. 
I have been to this pub on a number of occasions. This time a group of us went. The pub was very busy and we were very patient. Eventually after a word with staff we placed our order. We chatted and waited, a couple of members of staff came and said our food wouldn't be long. We waited over an hour. Eventually 6 meals came out (there were 8 of us). I had ordered salmon with crushed potatoes with shrimp. The salmon was hot but the potatoes were stone cold. On mentioning this to a member of staff we were informed the 'chef said the potatoes were meant to be cold'! I feel this should have been explained on the menu, I certainly wouldn't have ordered hot salmon with cold potatoes in December. My friend decided to keep hers but mine was taken away and reheated. I am guessing in the microwave, which is fine, but the salmon was then very dry. The remaining couple waited for age for their fish and chips. When the manager came round later, we were saying about the long wait. Apparently one of the ovens had broken. This was their problem not ours but possibly one they should have shared with us. We were just kept waiting without any explanation. Not a good experience at all and we will not be returning. 
Pretentious and expensive for what it is.  
This was a family meal at lunchtime for 8. I found the food to be very average and bearing that in mind I found the bill far more than the experience and food quality merited. However, the waitress was very efficient and pleasant.  
I attended the Green Man with friends and family for a 65th birthday / retirement party. 
The service and atmosphere good and they did well with large family groups. Fab singer. First time I’ve been to a restaurant on Christmas Day so no benchmark. Would return, but be warned, little/no veg served with your meal - one sprout per plate (no joke) just isn’t Christmas, and I’d like more than a shard of carrot too. Hence the stars given. Oh, and they really should have given out the promised/paid for champagne on arrival, not as their customers had coats on to leave ...  
booked for 6.45 for 3 fine on booking table told you can park right outside " didn't happen " station area rammed good start . 
We have been here a few times before as it's local to us and it's usually ok,however, this time I left feeling a bit disappointed. 
food was average, staff friendly but service was also average. My mixed grill was nearly cold when served so had to return it to be re-made, so ate after my partner, not great. 
I booked this restaurant as my husband and I both love seafood and this place came highly recommended. The restaurant itself is quaint and quirky being the old waiting room of the station, and is decorated in a fishy theme with nets and old fishing memorabilia, but it does have a claustrophobic feel being so small. We were sat by the door and it was in constant use, fortunately my husband was hot so he was grateful for the breeze but I imagine in winter this would be really cold! 
Food ok, but nothing special. 
The service and the steaks were nice but attention to detail wasn’t quite there...the stakes came on cold plates and the drinks in warm glasses...and the icing on the cake....TABLE SALT! 
this is a much improved restaurant as well as their quality improved 
I have known Denny's for many years back to when it was just a seafood van sitting outside Chislehurst station however I have not been to eat in the restaurant for a few years based on friends opinions. Anyway I decided to give it a go as I really enjoy good fish and when Sea Shell shut in Petts Wood I was looking for a replacement.  
Being well aware of generally excellent reviews Denny's has received and the good reputation it has in the area, I went there for the first time with high expectations but was generally underwhelmed by the experience. My starter of scallops were cooked OK, but seemed to have been poached in something which left the wrapping of Parma ham soggy, without any real texture and totally lacking that wonderful salty crispness that I expected in contrast to the scallops. The so-called salad leaves (some shredded iceberg lettuce) swam limply in a greasy, slightly warm salad dressing. The monkfish was cooked acceptably and was not over-dry, but the tomato-based sauce with prawns and mussels just needed a greater depth of flavour. Accompanying vegetables were predictably boring with no sauce, dressing or seasoning. Neither I nor my colleague had dessert, feeling disinclined to take the "homemade" designation too seriously. Overall, quality ingredients were let down badly by their preparation. It's not cheap, and there are plenty of better fish restaurants around. I would like to think I went on a bad night, but I'm not sure I'll risk a return visit to find out. 
I love fresh seafood, but did not enjoy it here. It all felt very outdated. Food and decor from the 1970's. I had scallop to start which were boring and tateless. My husband had a seafood pancake with melted cheese. The cheese drowned the taste of whatever the chewy seafood was. Mains were again, tasteless and boring. Nothing special about this restaurant. I won't be revisiting. 
I've been going to the Three Horseshoes in Laleham on and off for the last 25 years. There's no doubt its a great place for an evening meal, but my meal last night was disappointing in terms of the quantity of food. I chose the mushroom starter and pork medallions (special) main. I hope the manager reads this, as both plates I feel came out feeling quite light on quantity. The food was great, but I finished way before my colleagues who had other dishes (eg fish and chips) which had better quantities. Just one or two extra pieces of meat and some extra vegetables.. The pork dish had been cleverly placed to hide the fact they had only put half a stork of one of the shallots, etc. Please restore my pride in your restaurant next time by adding more food on the plate... I am sure I will come back :-). 
Having visited many times and regularly eaten at this busy, bustling and popular venue we were disappointed by a below average meal. My wife had the worst caesar salad she'd ever had and my fish and chips were only mediocre, so the visit failed to impress us and the venues standards appear to be sadly deteriorating. Will try again as this has no reflection on the staff and service and has been and impressive and vibrant location in the past. Hopefully things will improve and this was only a glicth. 
This is obviously a very popular restaurant with its die hard fans. However I found the food average, the decor very cluttered and dated. The service was very friendly and efficient. This really is a restaurant stuck in the past. I started with a prawn cocktail which was frozen prawns served on a bed of leaves on a very large plate. For main I had skate which was ok, but nothing special. The sauté potatoes were frozen and not home made, neither was the Tiramisu, even though it was advertised as home made. My son had tomato and basil soup to start followed by lobster. The soup really didn't taste home made a was a little bland. My husband had pate to start with melba toast, which were from a packet. All in all we won't be going back and at £130 for 3 it wasn't cheap. 
After reading the reviews, had quite high expectations. 
Not vegan/strict veggie friendly pizza and pasta unfortunately :( lovely staff and ambience though. I hope the menu can be reviewed to accommodate even one option for various diets.. 
Food was good but limited Meat and potatoes both good but no other vegetables 
Very expensive, no potatoes or rice with fillet stake, 2 half pieces of asparagus, 2 little slices of tomato left one still hungry after,belly dancer only danced for 15 minutes & went home. 
After hearing good things and reading review in local magazine decided to visit. We had a reasonable meal pizza good pasta average service mixed wasn’t tempted to go back again.... 
A frequent haunt of ours, we go at least once a month for lunch. The menu changes on a regular basis but sometimes not for the better (Bring back the Backed Camembert). 
Having eaten here many times I was looking forward to returning. It was a lovely evening so the garden and restaurant were very busy. Very friendly welcome and the service throughout was good, but the food for two out of the four of was not great. When I mentioned to the waitress that I would like some mayonnaise as my sea bass was very dry she sort of apologised, a bit half heartedly. My friend said her smoked haddock was also dry and she made no comment at all. My fiends starter was rip off and for what we paid in total I expected better quality food, or at least a sincere apology. will think hard about returning, and maybe go elsewhere instead. 
We went on a Sunday night with great expectations. It was a bit like the old Mr Benn cartoon when you step into a cupboard on the train station and arrive out into a beautiful looking room with lots of oddities. The waiting staff told us that they did not have enough mussels for the starters, only for the main courses so that was a bit odd in a seafood restaurant. We asked for more bread but we were told that they had run out of bread. The only excuse that I can think of is that it was a Sunday ! The food we could order was great, tasty and cooked to perfection. The room was slightly cold so a cardi was required. The staff were friendly, too friendly really, very casual actually. The food is not the cheapest in this restaurant so a bit more professional service would be more suited. It was a bit of a disappointment as I had heard so much good about this restaurant but I would be prepared to try again as possibly we just picked a bad night and the food is lovely. 
I ate here recently with friends. The beef carpaccio starter was very poor. The shrimp tempura was very poor and served with some strange thin sauce (not the chilli mayo it should have come with).  
Fantastic buzzy and well kept with great staff and surroundings.  
I attended with about 10 colleagues for a business dinner under the pretence this would be a gastro delight. No, It wasn’t. The food was average pub grub served in a very rapid ‘get you out of here as quickly as possible’ way. There was nothing about the food here that set it apart from any other pub serving food.  
This restaurant is overrated for the quality and service provided.I had the spaghetti with mix seafood which was average with 2 king prawns, empty clams and few mussels. The starter and dinner took long time to be served only for 2 people in a week day and the excuse was that all was made freshly. The kitchen resources shall be analysed please. Apart from that, the place and staff were nice.  
Let me start this review by saying I came to skewd when it first opened and the food was amazing.  
This restaurant had rave reviews and was number 2 in Chislehurst so I thought it would be a safe bet. 
Appreciate this place has lot's of regulars but we visited for the first time, having acknowledged all the hype, and found it very average. Whitebait not fresh;monkfish dry; sauces lacked flavour....overall very disappointing and not cheap. Quaint place, granted, but we won't return. 
Denny's Seafood Restaurant has much going for it - quaint location inside Chislehurst Station, a clear focus on delivering a range of seafood dishes and an enthusiastic cohort of regulars (the latter evidenced by many of the reviews here on tripadvisor). Unfortunately, the menu and wine list could do with an overhaul and on the night that we dined at Denny's they rather let themselves down. The service was chummy, but under-attentive and slow, and when the courses did arrive they had a variable hit rate. The oysters were fresh and plump, but some standard wine vinegar & shallot dressing on the side would have been appreciated; furthermore, flying rock oysters all the way from Galway on the west coast of Ireland carries a carbon footprint that, say, Whitstable or Mersea oysters would have avoided. The mussels (starter) and prawn main were good, although not overly exciting, whilst the turbot portion served as the other main was minuscule for the price. When this was pointed out to the waiter, it elicited no more than a shrug and an inaudible mumble. So - all a little disappointing... A final comment on the wine list: unimaginative and in need of some serious refreshment with a focus on offering wines that pair with the food on offer. This might include venturing further afield than a "safe" reliance on France! 
Friendly and welcoming - food absolutely fantastic with plenty of choice and I don't eat meat at all! HOWEVER we were asked if we had finished our starter yet as our main courses were ready and side plates were whisked away!! Ok we were taking a little while but the restaurant was only a quarter full and only 2 of us and I felt it was un-necessary to do this and I said so! apart from this the service was good and the restaurant very comfortable. 
This is an attractive pub with some nice features. The menu is ok if a bit dull and unimaginative so usual pub fare- pie/burger/sausage etc. When we were seated after a while i went to order drinks, the girl apologised and said i'll get them and then after we got our drinks about 10 munutes later i asked for our olives she had forgotten. Mains all came out at different times- i had finished my chicken salad by the time my husband got his meal. The food was ok- expensive chicken salad with half avocado for over £11. Went to order the coffee and sweet combo with a latte to be told only coffee or tea- milk must be very expensive. At 6.95 a dessert not cheap- had my latte on its own. Mind you latte without spoons or sugar- we did ask and got only the sugar- we just ended up using the end of a knive. A woman did apologise for the wait on food but surely the mains shouldn't have been sent until all ready? In short for the cost it just wasn't up to scratch- service or food. Would return for a drink but not a meal.  
Nice looking Indian. Inside it is well decorated and could be a nice place to take a date, but the last couple of times I have been the food was not as good as it was, plus the service was not very prompt either. 
After raving about Al Forno Putney, we were advised to try the one in New Malden. Sadly they are completely different. The atmosphere in New Malden just isn't the same and the entertainment was a little too loud for us. That being said, the food was nice and the staff were helpful. Guess it's preference but we will be sticking to visiting the one in Putney. 
I went there this evening and had the jumbo ?? Prawns. Two a good size and 2 small. I did mention this to the waiter and he said they are fresh and that's the way the come. They are frozen. Two 6-8 size and two small ones. They are tasty even though the size issue is not right and you only get 4 . The price is high for this small portion of prawns. I think if they had four of the 6-8 size it would be a great dish. I have been here before and this may be a cut back? The staff is lovely. It's busy with the locals. Correct your portions to keep those local and loyal customers.  
During my visit I could not help but compare the Three Horseshoes to its sister pub the Onslow Arms in West Clandon; both establishments are Pearmain Pubs supposedly providing the same customer experience. 
On a Friday evening we were 6 together for food and drinks. Service was friendly enough but the big problem was value for money and the quality of the food. Vegetarian burgers were tiny and pricey and then there were extra charges for side dishes. We paid £4 for extra mash when I checked the bill the following day in detail. It was just all overpriced for somewhere which is, or was just a decent pub. They do make an effort but needs a rethink on pricing and food. 
Went for Mother's Day Sunday dinner and the table we were given was two steel tables of 4 and we were 5.  
Four of us had a steak meal here two weeks ago. 
Booked a table for 7 and turned up slightly late but we were still welcomed and seated with a smile. We were brought our menus and a tray of bread and beans. 
We ordered the Spinach & Ricotta Cannelloni and a Salmon Penne. The Cannelloni was ok, some of the pasta wasn't cooked, and there was far too much ricotta, but it was ok.  
We came here with a group of work colleagues and had dinner. The table service is attentive, friendly and efficient. We were seated in the conservatory which on a warm night was very noisy due to aeroplanes taking off. Nevertheless this did not distract from our experience. We had a couple of pizza bread appetisers and an anti-pasta board. It was OK, the breads could have been more crispy with more garlic. Mains were all served at the same time and again were OK, reasonable portions and all freshly done. Some of the dishes were a little bland and needed more seasoning and fresh herbs to lift them up. Sweets were nice though.  
firstly, i should explain that we had the set valentines menu (this was all that was available) 
Very excited to visit for a friend's birthday as she loves seafood. Unfortunately we did not get the experience we anticipated given all the wonderful reviews. Main described as ' lightly spiced ' couldn't be enjoyed as was far to hot (she loves spicy food so not a palette issue), raw pastry on the strudel is unforgivable, and as I didn't fancy a dessert I ordered a coffee... which never turned up but was still on the bill. When you're looking at £50 a head incl drinks and service it's just not good enough.  
If you are hungry then this is the place for you. The portions are very large. Too large. 
No idea why It's got such rave reviews. The pub is cramped, noisy and the food is average. I certainly would not go out of my way to dine here again. I would give it 5 stars for the staff who were very friendly. 
Ever welcoming local ,family focussed Italian; always popular, sometimes full : which speaks volumes. Not aspiring to 'fine dining' , but enjoyable, good standard and consistent. Pizzas always popular, but more complex dishes worth trying too. 
Visited Achari latst night and we were quite surprised that it was as busy a it was. 
I used to like this restaurant when i visited it in the past. I thought the food was tasty, however the ĺast time i visited it wasn't as good as before. We ordered korma and it came with a hair in the dish. When we returned it, the waiter served us another serving of korma again with a hair in it. I lost interest in this place and would never visit it again. 
I visited this restaurant with my family for a family meal at Christmas. The restaurant was absolutely packed to the point that the staff really couldn't cope. We have pre-ordered our meals so thought that this was sold one of the problems that unfortunately it did not. Food order came out wrong and a lot of it was cold. It was also quite tasteless. I think if anything less people in the restaurant in May of actually been quite nice. It was a classic case of filling restaurant up as many people as you possibly can make as much money as you possibly can but don't give the service that should be expected. I would go again but not in a hurry 
The decor is nice, plenty of tables & the staff are attentive. The food I had was ok & very edible. The plate sizes aren't large but ample. The choices on the menu were fairly similar to most Indian Curry restaurants. I found all the food & drink to be a bit pricey in comparison to other restaurants nearby.  
Tried this pub while visiting the surroundings of Victoria Lake. The service was good, and the food was of blended taste. The hamburgers were ok:ish, more on the dry side, lacking that juicy sauce feeling. The salmon was very nice and the risotto that came with it was well cooked.  
Menu lists "premium spirits", but only Gin available was Gordons. No Prosecco by the glass, so got off to a bad start. House red was passable. Tricolore ok, had better Mozzarella. Veal ravioli - pasta too thick, tiny filling and bland meat sauce. Dessert - why would anyone squirt strawberry sauce over a white chocolate & coffee ice cream. Best in Romford ? - glad I dont live there. 
The food is fine and service is okay. I wish they sorted their parking as this puts us off everytime we think about visiting this place. This is the only decent Indian restaurant around West Drayton so don't have much option other than visiting this again and again. But, wouldn't visit if I had other alternative. 
Food wonderful as always, good value etc. However a big change in staff has lost the atmosphere we have enjoyed for the past 15 + years, the friendly individual touch has gone and more like "serve and out" Once the new staff settle maybe the atmosphere will return.  
We visited The Green Man this evening, and we're very pleasantly surprised how bubbly the place was. We have been many times before and have very much enjoyed it. 
Ae there recently on a Saturday evening. When booking they did warn us they had a large party booked but we would be welcome.  
Before our order was taken for a reserved table, we were asked if we wanted to run a tab. We were rather confused by this so the manager explained that because some people had left without paying we'd be required to leave a credit card with them before ordering! 
We decided to visit, as friends recommended this restaurant, however I wasn't overly impressed. 
4 of us visited here. Nice atmosphere inside. Two of us had the fillet steak which is the only cut i like. Cant comment on the other 2 dishes however the plates were all empty so i presume everyone enjoyed theirs too. Had bruschetta to start that was just ok. Might visit again if i was in the area. 
We live fairly locally but haven’t been to Denham to eat for years. Decided not to look at Trip Advisor and plumped for The Green Man. Disappointing! The restaurant wasn’t busy but a sandwich with chips & salad and a separate light meal took 40 minutes to arrive. The bread on the fish finger sandwich was stale and hard, the chips smelt strongly of old cooking oil and the salad was soaked in some sort of dressing and was soggy. The light meal tasted like something from Iceland although it did look very appealing and was well presented. Sadly the bill was wrong and had to be adjusted and we were required to pay in advance as we were not setting up a tab. A very strange way of running a business to charge before the goods are received!! The staff however were friendly and attentive and the pub itself is nicely furnished with a good ambience but our experience has put us off and we are unlikely to return. 
Staying local so tried restaurant great friendly staff but if I am honest food was a little bland, and a tad expensive for this quality 95 pounds for two people 3 courses and a bottle of wine is OK if the quality of food matched that level, but sadly it didn’t. 
Food is always amazing! Nice and fresh! If you like Italian food you won't be disappointed. The staff could be more friendly though. 
For me Denny's is all about the venue, set as it is just off the booking hall of Chislehurst railway station. We were there on a Saturday night and the place was buzzing, I think you will need to book as the restaurant is not very large. However the food we had that night was merely average. The service was prompt and friendly, but we won't be dashing back. I've had far better Monkfish! 
Al Forno is a very nice restaurant. The food is lovely and fresh. We found the tables to be too close together so it was not easy to get in and out of and to have a private conversation. 
Looks lovely and cosy inside!! 
We came to the pub last Wednesday night , there was about 12 of us having a Drink at the bar, the place was buzzing which is always a great sign . I asked for the bar menu and it sounded lovely but not many choices for vegetarian which is ok as it is Christmas and I totally understand. I ordered the tapas platter , it looked great , but then the Hummus was tasteless and the tzatziki was runny , few olives and bit rocket without dressing or Parmesan at least . The bread that came with it was great but it doesn’t justify the tag price tho .  
We are regulars at this pub and also eat at it’s sister pub in Cobham. They’ve always been consistently good but we’ve noticed things have started to slip a bit. For example we always have the fish board starter to share but we have noticed that although we get the same amount of bread the amount of fish in the platter has been getting less and less. 3 of us had fish specials - sea trout and hake - there was plenty of rice or veg but again the fish portions were small considering the price. It would appear that the more expensive elements of the meal have been cut while keeping the prices the same. 
We booked for 7.15 and it had 4 other people so the service was attentive. 
Good food with a lovely setting. Kebabs evelevated to restaurant standard. They do a vet nice bulgar salad and a fantastic dessert that is set on fire. 
I had team dinner out at this resturant. I ordered all vegetarian food but was very disappointed. For starters I had Paneer tikka which were burnt and overcooked and vegetable pasties were more like a wrap or an open samosa. Main course I had Channa masala, which were ok. Sag panner tasted burnt so did not eat. Rice was ok and took forever to bring my plain naan. I would not really visit this venue again. 
The food was great but dont go to the restaurant if you want to have a cosy romantic meal and chat. The outbound traffic from Heathrow depart over the venue so conversation can be a challenge. But for price, friendliness of the staff and quality of the food I would give 10 out 10. 
First of all I would like to say that before anything else, the food quality of the actual cooking is very good. The pasta was very tasty and so was the pizza. The Pizza was also so loaded with toppings that I genuinely had to question myself as to how they brought such a good quality value pizza for the price. 
We went to the La Bettola with friends who live locally they had been to the restaurant before but not for a long time when they booked they were given a choice of 7-15 or 8-15 as they had a large party booked in for 7-30 they opted for 8-15  
Chosen by the birthday girl who enjoys Italian cuisine, but disappointing overall. Service lacklustre although limited clientele and sufficient staff. 
Visited Al Forno last night. Family members regularly eat here as it's there home town. so it was highly recommended an a bonus that the singer was also on.  
We had a selection of cold and hot meze starters. Lovely home made bread. The hot starters were very much lamb based and the livers weren't popular with the rest of my friends and were very chewy. Mains ok, I had the sea bass which was ok but the spinach was tasteless. Still bones in the fillet. Service was ok, not sure why the restaurant is highly rated. I have been to Turkey and love their food but this was very average. Toilets are very clean and the restaurant was very quiet for a Saturday lunch, which reflects the popularity of the restaurant, maybe evening has a better kitchen.  
The food is generally ok however I do believe it is overpriced the portions are not that big, service can be quite slow on a busy day, not the best place to have kebabs have seen better for much cheaper. 
The food is very good. My only criticism is that the prices are quite high in comparison to other local competitors serving dishes of equal quality and more generous portions. The restaurant itself is smart and comfortable although it can lack atmosphere. I have tried it here a few times but would rather eat in Deserie. Yes, I know that one is Turkish and one is Greek, but if you are having a chicken shish it is fairly easy to make comparisons.  
Posh Kebab shop, nice atmosphere but it doesn't feel like a luxury restaurant. Service could be better, the food is presented well, seating is a bit cramped. 
Went here because we had seen some good reviews of the place. I would say it's decidedly average. The food and the service were fine, if a little bit slow. My partners main meal was definitely not good, I tried a bit and it was not as good as the pasta dishes we cook at home, which is pretty poor for an Italian restaurant. Price point was OK, but not particularly cheap. We would not go again as there are definitely better local options in Romford and Hornchurch. 
We were there late on a Sunday so may explain why our eating experience was disappointing. 
Went here Saturday night for a meal, wasn't busy at all 7.30 pm was rushed with drink orders as soon as we sat down , same with food food average and warm bill £120 for 4 adults and a 14 year old and a 3 year old my partner had a king prawn 1 cut in half cost 4.95 really 
Great food, excellent service but let down by tables being too close together making it feel overcrowded 
I went with my husband and 2 children hoping to have an authentic Italian meal. The starters were basic, we had the garlic mushrooms, mozzarella sticks, and melon with ham. The mains came out very quick. the pasta portions were good and the pizza was nice. I ordered the Monkfish for my main - £18.50. You would think that at that price you would get some sides with this. I was served 3 small pieces of Monkfish in a garlic butter sauce with a couple of cherry tomatoes. No sides. I looked at the menu again and it said sides were an additional £3.50. The fish was nice but very expensive. 
We ordered one starter and two mains , ee coild not finish our food and had to take food home. The starter garlic bread is basically a pizza size platter with cheese. So you feel as your getting two pizzas if you select pizza as a main. Food was good. 
tried this restaurant again after not eating there for sometime, sadly still not that great. Food was ok , restaurant was packed but feel it no longer lives up to it's once good reputation , won't bother again. 
On arrival the pub was busy with 2 large groups of diners and I saw this as a good sign. However after hearing one of the party complaining about the service and food I was worried that I had made the wrong choice of venue. 
It was with excitement that my friend and I visited the highly rated Skewd in Cockfosters last night. What a disappointment. 
We did have a fun and lively night here celebrating a birthday as a family. The belly dancer was good and got people up dancing. The house wine was great, service attentive, however ..the food sadly didn't hit the spot. We had the set menu and were underwhemed by the starters of dips, meats, and Turkish bread and the main course grilled meats and salad was just ok. Very sweet sickly dessert to finish. A couple of big groups there, quite noisy but it's not really all about the food if you get my drift. It reminded me of the Greek Vine, nothing wrong with that restaurant at all but you went there for a bit of atmosphere not to have a gourmet meal. All being said we didn't try a la carte so can't comment on that and it was a busy night. 
Ambience really nice, was quite empty service gd, regarding reviews and price was expecting excellent food, the bread given on arrival really good. The food presentation was very good, however I ordered shish kebab cubes of lambs, the lamb was grizzly couldn't cut through it, let alone eat it, as it was the main unexceptable. Tried the cheesecake as such a good review was given, was not baked as expected, bog standard get same from M&S, don't know whose been giving reviews? In comparison Lyka, Borehamwood is cheaper and far better quality  
Young and full of life. Why not keep tradition of 1970 style fish Resturant there isn't a menu around today like this and We thought it was great. Like walking on a Harry potter scene. Behind the door just lite up and shocked my friend who didn't know what to expect!!! My only complaint is let there be a choice of veg and update desert menu that's my favourite part of going out to eat. Bread pud homemade/ hot choc cake and ice cream/ apple pie/ creme brûlée which is already on menu. /Lemon cheesecake/ good luck with your new baby girl x 
I was staying in a nearby hotel which offered little in the way of dinner options so after checking on trip and reading the reviews I wandered down to La Bettola  
Went there on a Monday after a funeral, what a let down. They hadn't even sorted out the correct menu and when we chose what we wanted we were given another menu as the other one was out of date. The wait for food was ridiculous...A couple of us had a burger which came in a hard bun and was absolutely tasteless. It took 2 hours for 7 of us to have 2 courses and it was not cheap by any means. We would not go again.... It was easy to see why the place was completely empty apart from us. 
My wife and I love seafood so were pretty excited about our first visit to Denny's. Unfortunately the food didn't quite live up to our high expectations. My st Jacques with a creamy potato and cheese topping was pretty good, but my wife's dressed crab was a little dull and with v little white meat. For mains, my sea bass with Pernod sauce was decent enough but my wife was little underwhelmed by her sole Veronique. The vegetables and new potatoes on the side were average and had a microwave feel to them. 
Was excited to go here as a change from the Kingston branch, but was quite disappointed with the food & service 
Tge food here was very good, it wasthe best filetto ever but unfortunattely the manager doesnt know what costumer service means. I will go back just for that good food ! 
Visited on February 17th 2016, it's a very buzzy place with a good atmosphere, however the food was only Luke warm and was served on a cold plate,and when I complained that the food was was only warm and the plate was cold, the manager put his hand underneath the plate and said that middle of it was hot, and didn't understand why I was complaining hot food on cold plates and left to sit for a while soon goes cold I'm sorry but that's just not good enough for a restaurant of this caliber and not for £17.00 so I won't be returning Julie G Shepperton. 
An Italian Oasis in Colnbrook. Place is spacious and decent open only after 6pm onwards. Food and portions are half way decent. Quality is ok. Prices are slightly steep 
We live nearby and went for a family meal as the Sunday set menu seemed good value for money for such a highly rated restaurant.  
Visited on a quiet night with friends. 
my friend and i visited this restaurant in November found it to be very busy ,Our courses were rushed we,got the feeling they wanted to rush us up to free the table .but the food was lovely  
Went here for a leaving dinner. The starters took almost 55mins to come out. The food however was decent enough. The waiter quite rude and rushed us to order our main. Overall average night out. The staff could definitely do with customer service training. Will not rush back in a hurry.. 
Not sure why people think it's excellent, there's a lot better out there. My calves' liver was nicely cooked but covered in salt and absolutely swimming in butter - I know the menu says butter as the sauce - but far too much! Wife's tagliatelle was likewise very greasy & salty. Deserts are bought in. 
Denham is a beautiful village with three pubs and a restaurant in the heart of the place and is very popular with visitors and locals alike. This pub has had a makeover which looks good and also has a nice outside area at the rear. However, you can only wonder if the prices on the menu take advantage of the fact that there will always be passing trade meaning business will always be there. Compared to others in the area, the food while cooked and presented to a good standard is overpriced which leads to a suspicion that the pub takes advantage that the area is popular and customers will then pay over the odds for what is only at the end of the day pub fare. There is a decent sandwich menu which is reasonably priced, however, as for the rest of the menu, the prices reflect a restaurant rather than a decent pub which is what this location is at the end of the day. 
OK, OK, so I shall be grumpy for a second. If you want a relaxed Sunday lunch you won't find it here! Very crowded and noisy! 
Great food but really slow service. We went there with family. We had to wait for our food 45 mins and in the middle of the food we ordered more naan breads, which took another 30 mins. The restaurant was not even busy at that time. The food was delicious but very disappointed with the service. Food prices is are also little higher than what I usually pay for curry in nice restaurant. 
Saw lots of trip advisor awards, but our main course was just so so. The best, worth ordering again, was the papadam and pickle tray. It was excellent. My lamb tikka Marsala was just tomato sauce with a little spices.  
We visited this pub with family for Sunday lunch. We were lucky to get in as the other pubs in the village were packed. The food was o.k. but it seems to be an expensive part of the world, being a pretty village. We were still hungry after the main course and chose Christmas pudding to follow and it was pretty small. Atmosphere was good though. 
My family and I visited this place between Christmas and New Year. The staff were friendly and efficient, the food came quickly and was well cooked and good portions. Quality wise this would be 4 star, but the prices push it down in my view. To dine here would cost nearly twice as much as some places, some of the food is nearly twice as good (scallops starter), other is very similar (chicken shish). The result is a nice meal, with good service, but a noticeable hit to the wallet for what you get - there are many good Turkish restaurants within 2 miles of here. 
We came back to Skew’d for my nephews birthday and were a party of six. 
We stopped by this nicely situated pub in the afternoon and over a pint decided to book for that evening. The lady at the bar took our booking and we asked for a specific table by the window on the lower level. The lady said that was fine but we noticed the adjacent table being laid up for a party of about 15/20. We asked the lady what this was and she said it was a birthday party, so we decided to change the booked table and chose a table on the upper level overlooking the river, it was a good choice the lady said. 
We dined here while visiting friends and although the food was of a good standard the service was atrocious. Ignored initially and then dishes thrown at us when the food came, so much so that my white shirt went straight into the wash because the sauce from my pasta was splattered onto it when my plate was put in front of me! No apology or anything! Yes, it was busy but that's no excuse! Won't be returning, shame as the food was good! 
I have been here a number of times and always had good food, but like other restaurants on Cockfosters road they are trying to maximise income at the cost of the customer. 
Had lunch with my son. Restaraunt quiet so staff not overly busy. Was shown a table then waited 15mins to place order no hint of a smile or friendliness from the waitress. 
I went here with a few friends that I do & did work with, after it being fairly local and having eaten here solo a couple of years back. The location itself is lovely, a wonderful old country pub in a storybook like village, though I've always felt the paved rear seating area lets it down a bit and could have more done with it.  
Over all its not a bad place, food is not bad, but nothing special for the price you are paying.I had a pizza, with almost no topping on, mostly bread and tomato sauce... I find this place a little over priced. 
Average kebab house. Grilled meat, grilled fish, grilled veg........oh, and deserts. 
Have been to several restaurants since lockdown has been lifted and have been impressed with how they have been run . However I visited Amber Fort on a weekday and felt there were too many people in there . Not sure if they actually followed any guidelines? Saw sanitizer available but some staff not wearing visors . Food was ok , nothing special , rather bland., felt as if the dishes needed more spices . We were disappointed as this was aways a good restaurant, and have been visiting it for 5 years . It may have just been an ‘off’ day but we probably will pass a visit again for a while . 
Popular Italian in the High Street and perhaps one best summed up as perfectly pleasant. My meal was good and tasty and my companions agreed theirs were too. The restaurant was busy and had a happy vibe. My average rating is based on a few factors: I didn't find the service particularly warm, the starters were just ok - a garlic bread recommended by our waiter that was just ok (and on par with a shop bought one) and small olives, the limited wine availability by the glass and just overall an old fashioned typical UK version Italian restaurant rather than anything that stands out. However it would seem to be a safe bet for a reasonable, tasty meal. 
This is a world away from the endless boring chain pizza/pasta restaurants. It's run by a completely charming Italian family. We were staying at the Holiday Inn Express over the road before an early flight the next day and wanted non-contentious good home cooking and generally speaking that's what we got. The decor/layout is distinctly on the retro side, but after a long day driving, I knew how it felt! Pizzas are made in the corner of the restaurant while you watch. Salad starters were really good. My pizza was pretty good too (slightly thicker crust than I like, but I accept that others disagree). My husband's lasagne was fascinating. Lots of layers of pasta sheets, a modest amount of meat, lots of cheese on top and served in a bowl surrounded by a moat of bright orange tomato sauce. We both tasted the sauce and its closest comparison would be cream of tomato soup. It was surprisingly (but not unpleasantly) sweet. Lots of basil. Some garlic. Definitely included fresh tomato. A sauce which obviously appeared in a lot of dishes. We both concluded that whilst it was a bit of an unusual lasagne, it had kind of fulfilled the comfort food brief. Otherwise, the restaurant was quite busy and service was therefore a little bit slow-but not unreasonably. Two courses for two of us without wine came to about £40. We would definitely prefer to have spent that here than in our hotel. For a stopover meal out whilst staying in a Heathrow hotel, it's definitely worth the effort. 
I have always enjoyed this restaurant for location quality of food and service. However I am sorry to say that based on my last visit, last Sunday it is not as good as my previous experiences. 
I love the Green Man. It's friendly, has a good selection of drinks, it's clean, does good food. However the chips that came with my burger weren't real chips. In this day and age, to really compete to get business with food, real chips are essential. My husband will no longer eat in pubs if they don't make proper chips. Don't get me wrong, we don't always eat chips, but it's a basic food that should be right. If a place cuts corners on a chip, what else is next? 
The food here is bland. I ordered a curry after a long trip to india and was craving curry, this was so disappointing. I had to season it myself with chilli flakes coriander and lemon just to make it taste of anything 
This is the 4th visit for us. The first time was really very good, 2nd not too bad, 3rd quite dissapointing and this time will be my last. 2nd and 3rd you could think just off nights, but this time too may cons and no pros. It was very quiet for a Saturday night, while that has no reflection on the quality of my visit it does raise the question why I had to reach over to the ice bucket for the wine all evening. I had the calves liver which wasn't too bad, possibley too buttery. But the vegetables were the worst Ive ever had anywhere. But the thing that made my mind up to never set foot in this place again is the response when i asked why was they from a packet or tin. The chef totally denied this and said they were fresh, just overcooked. If i were to explain the appearance of the carrots you will understand. They were perfectly smooth, they were whole and ranged in sizes between 1/2 inch to 2 inches. They average thickness would be around 1/4 inch in diameter. Who in their right mind would sit and peel to a perfect smooth rounded finish a carrot that is smaller than my thumbnail.They totaly lacked taste so instead smothered in butter. If they had said sorry just run out of fresh veg i may have been able to give it one more chance. I'm 53 years old and I know fresh veg when i eat it, it's one of the reasons i like Italian food. All even more dissapointing as we are thin on the ground for good Italian restaurants. 
Food is ok, though a bit on the pricey side. Family run business, ideal option if you don't want go far from the local hotel. 
I decided to come here while I was in New Malden for the day as my time in the evening was rather limited, so I needed something that would be open during lunch hours. After doing some research, I discovered that this place offer a discount lunch menu and had a good reputation locally. With Italian food being one of my favourite cuisines, coming here seemed like a rather obvious choice. Unfortunately I was disappointed with my visit here as both the quality of the chicken and the panna cotta were rather poor. There were some good aspects to the food, but this is most definitely not a restaurant to which I would even consider returning. While my starter was generously sized, my main course was roughly half the size you normally get, although this may be because I ordered from the lunch menu. 
I have mixed feelings about this restaurant, I ate here with friends on their George Michael tribute night and it was brilliant! Great food great service great atmosphere. Came to the restaurant last night (Thursday 12th December) and left feeling quite disappointed, on arrival I needed to use the loo and as I got to the door a male staff member came out of the ladies loo and left the seat up. The restaurant was quite empty with just another couple in there so the atmosphere understandably wasn’t quite the same. We ordered our drinks and were asked if we were ready to order in which we replied please can we have a few minutes, after being asked another two times we ordered our starters only, another three or times after that they were pressuring us to order our mains to which I replied can we order it about 9.10pm (the time was 8.40pm) as we wanted a rest. The waiter then said we close at 11pm so ordering just after 9pm would have given us plenty of time, but no they wouldn’t allow this and another waiter came over and insisted on taking our order. The food was lovely. We had desert while the staff stood there starring at us making it obvious they wanted us out of the restaurant so they can close making us feel extremely uncomfortable. Then my friend needed the loo but couldn’t get in there because a male member of staff was using the ladies loo again, I challenged them and said it’s probably not the right thing that customers have to wait while the staff use the ladies loo and for some reason they found this funny.  
We booked here for a family gathering and it was a nice atmosphere and the staff were all very nice but the food was not great. 3 of us had roast lamb, and the lamb was a bit too fatty, the roast potatoes were not very good, and they forgot to dish up the Yorkshire pudding with the 3 lamb which when we reminded them, arrived cold. They didn't often visit our table to ask if we wanted any more drinks and when we ordered the desserts they took ages to arrive and it seemed like they had forgotten to place the order. But when they arrived the desserts were very nice. Being distinctly British we did not make any complaint at the time and we would go back there as we liked the place and the people and reading the other reviews maybe we just got them on a bad day and it was also very busy. 
This had a good write up so we booked it - staff were accommodating and friendly. Overall it was only OK.  
I would say 3.5 overall. A nice mussel starter and a nice enough monkfish main. Beautiful decor inside and a nice warm ambience. 
Not sure what happened on 11th May 2019 but service was not very good at all, the young lady had language problem understanding the order and asking if popadoms were gluten free, she thought we meant are 'free' as in no payment!! we have been informed in the past gluten free now they seem to not be..who knows because they was not sure either.. so no popadoms no onion bhaji as they were not sure about these either. We arrived at 7pm (4 persons) ordered meal and 3 of us had popadoms. At 8pm no sign of meal no one would come over to us we were trying to attract their attention, when we did the young lady came and I asked how much longer she said not long (not really helpful) I asked for a naan bead as I was feeling so hungry starting to feel unwell...naan bread never arrived! at 8.45 the meal came with no explanation about the wait, the restaurant was only 1/4 full! although the food was lovely, the long wait made it a disappointing evening. I am hoping the manager can read this and explain what happened please. 
I had Sunday lunch atThe Green Man, on a lovely warm day. There was 4 of us including my 2 children aged 6 and 8. Good points: no need to book, nice large garden at the back, friendly staff and roast dinner was decent, Desserts were at best average. The roast dinner was £12.95, lack of children's menu was disappointing, especially considering the number of families, when asked, they did do a smaller portioned roast for my two, a little steep at £10.95 each and again no kids desserts. I think the food at the The Green Man is over priced for what it is, next time I'll be better prepared and reserve at The Swan Inn next door.  
This is a lovely old pub in Denham village. It has a nice garden with lots of outdoor seating & patio heaters. We have eaten there too occasionally. The food was ok - nothing special, but it is nice to go for a drink & sit outside. Staff are friendly & prices are average for the area. 
Went in one sunday afternoon and had lunch. We sat in the garden which was lovely 
Been there for dinner last night with some friends. I know the restauant for many years and always thought highly of the food, but after two average eating experiences i have to say i am not in a rush to return.  
It doesn't help my critique when I read the first review from another reviewer that their falafel was excellent. There were 6 of us in our party, 5 ordered falafel and it was not very nice. Having eaten falafel all over Europe and part of the middle east, I found Cappadocia's example a very poor example indeed. When we mentioned this to the manager his response is that they always make it that way. The rest of the meal was ok. and I cannot fault the staff who were very attentive. Quite expensive though. 
We visited here based on the reviews and were disappointed. It was not overly busy but were shoved in a tiny table behind the door. Service was shocking. Food average at best. Amazing number of deliveries going out to the detriment of in house diners. No chance of going back.  
I’ve been here with my colleagues for our Christmas party and the atmosphere was particular. It looks like a small theatre inside. On the day there was an opera singer on stage which actually walked through the table singing for the most part Italian Lyrics Song.  
Food and service good, some pasta dishes a bit small eg seafood. 
....... last time 2 of us ordered medium rare steak which came out well done. Had 4 different servers come over and ask how it was, all of them were told the steak was over cooked but sadly nothing was done about it. 
To be honest, it was hard for our friend to find a local L this month and so we ended up here. The staff were great although they didn't have a record of our booking but the food was mediocre and the decor was just a little bizarre for us. We were sat in the 'novel' balcony which was a little difficult to get in and out and had wires hanging above our heads. The food was good, nothing spectacular and we were disappointed with the drinks menu. It was good value for money. Parking in that area is extremely limited and you may need to walk a fair bit. 
Nothing we ate was disappointing, it all had a lovely taste to it. Bread was replenished (personally I always like this!). Wine was more often than not left for us to pour ourselves. Despite there only being three tables served at the time and three staff standing around chatting. Puddings not to the same standard as the rest of the meal, pre made and unimpressive. Our meal came to £80 for three courses for two people including a bottle of Prosecco. For this I would like a nice romantic or cosy or modern environment. But what you get is more of a rundown canteen feel. You can tell that’s it’s a B & B and obviously the same room breakfast is served in. I feel they have got a bit lazy and complacent. Shame, has potential to be excellent. 
Though I have lived in Croydon 50 years, this was my first visit to this restaurant (which I believe used to trade as Chalet Suisse). It is situated off the main high street and at a crossroads. Well patronised on Tuesday evening, which we discovered was probably due to the owner extending a taxpayer subsidy applied the previous month. We had a table by an open front window, Access was up a short flight of stairs. Inside the loo was down further stairs. 
Friendly staff on arrival. Restaurant was clean and well presented. Fresh linen on each table. Recommend booking ahead as the restaurant is small and we saw people being turned away. Starters are £5-6 each. We shared a Greek salad and calamari dish. Salad was not very authentic. Contained mostly lettuce with few olives and little feta with no traditional herbs. Calamari was better value for money. For our main meal we both ordered a Stifado dish priced at £19.95. The dish was very tasty but again lacked the authentic Greek element. There were no baby onions as you would expect with this dish and the rice was a better option compared to chips, which were a little on the soggy side. Lovey inviting restaurant but overpriced. 
Average lebanese food. Starters were good but main courses disappointed. Meat (shish) was a bit chewy and chicken was so dry. Meat kebab had too much herb so the meat taste was suppressed. However ayran drinks were refreshing and the baklava served was good. 
I must say the last time i was here was 2 yrs ago,but something has happened to the Menu.It has become simpler and not as mouthwatering.You can't argue about the setting.Our table looking over the Thames on a Saturday evening was perfect,but something was missing.Our order's when they came were no more than ok,our wine  
Fabulous food  
we had mixed grill and chicken legal. It was ok meat had not been marinated for long so not full of flavour. You usually get humous and warm pitta offered while waiting for food but not here. Very average ok for lunch not dinner. 
Came here with family for an evening meal. Food was okay but uninspiring. I had the chicken tikka bhuna which had a very thick sauce and there was not much of it. Chicken portions were on the small side too. 
First and last visit  
Nice food here, been a couple of times while visiting Slough. Good place to go if staying at travelodge heathrow T5.  
Over all the food is really good, portions size quality very good I have not been here for over a year now but today was not happy as I felt rushed they did not give you no time at all to enjoy your meal. We ordered starters and then the main came we was only half way though our main they came again and said have you finished . Was a bit annoyed then I here one of the old lady staff member say to the manager that stupid cow don’t know if she was referring to a customer or staff member but it was very unprofessional I turned around and looked at them then they went around the corner. Yet again the same lady came and said to us have you finished I felt very rushed it was like they wanted us out of there . I think they definitely need to improve for sure as there prices are not cheap after the bill came the same lady had the cheek to ask for a tip her words were don’t be afraid to offer a tip what, did I just here that I looked at her considering she was not even our server. ( what a joke) 
We love this restaurant the staff are lovely and the food is usually very good . Booked for Christmas day . To be honest it's great value 5 courses less than 40 per head . Had to queue to get in but that was ok . Great table appreciated. Soup to start was best part really tasty . Moules were ok but pork belly and the asparagus were really overcooked. Mains were ok lamb and steak . My seabass was cold . Desserts great . Didnt complain as staff were lovely and it was Christmas  
Back to Little Bay today for lunch. We've been there many, many times and never been disappointed....until today. First, the good: the Sicilian service was superb: attentive, welcoming helpful and efficient and could not be bettered anywhere. The atmosphere was its usual relaxed quirky self. The Brunch value is excellent. The quite good: our lunch, albeit tepid and less than piping hot actually tasted very good. The definitely not good: there were only two other diners in the restaurant but it took nearly half an hour for our food to arrive. Just not acceptable. When it arrived it was not piping hot. Just not acceptable. The muffins were tough, hard and difficult to cut. Most items on the Brunch menu offer Hash Browns. We'd been seated for a good ten minutes after give our order before the ( really lovely and charming) waitress came to tell us that there was only one Hash Brown left in the kitchen and that one of us would have to choose something else. Just not acceptable: if you are missing a prime ingredient of most of the dishes on a menu you should just not continue to offer it. What a pity: we will go back again for the atmosphere and the lovely service and the evening atmosphere but will be wary of ever going back again at lunch time. It seems silly to open in such a half-hearted way at all....and it will drive customers away. 
I was very impressed with the service and even more impressed when we where asked how we wanted our roast beef cooked,  
Food is always good, but ordering online is non existent. The images of the food are missing & the online ordering service says coming soon. It's been coming soon for 5 years. I tend to order from other places online when I see that Amber Fort online never works. 
I've been here a handful of times whilst living in Croydon and have never been blown away, but after getting an email from them about their Eat out to Help Out offer I thought we'd give it another go, two courses for around £12 (after discount) on a hot Monday night.  
My visit was brief looking for a frisnd. I simply popped my head round the door and left my dog outside. The asian manager or assistant was so rude telling me dogs are not allowed. I was fully aware of that but a friendly attitude is better. It felt like a rascist attack and i said that to the member of staff. Im retired and i think i deserve respect this is not Asia but the u.k we tolerate dogs differently 
As the title says food was good but we had to wait a life time for it! And then the bill took forever had to ask for it twice.... I hope they read this article and take heed especially as pizza express will be opening a few doors down soon !!! 
On arrival we were shown to our table (booked over 2 weeks ago) upstairs. We ordered our food & our starters arrived quickly, having finished, our plates were removed & our main meals arrived by return. It might seem odd complaining about quick service but if you are dinning out you want to enjoy the evening & have some time between courses, as it was we were only able to eat about half of our main course as we were still full from the starter. The food is good but not outstanding. The restaurant promised live music from 8.00pm but we left at about 9.30pm thinking the music had been cancelled only to find it taking place downstairs, a fact not mentioned by the staff when we arrived. Since my friend was visiting from Australia it was a very disappointing evening. 
The food was good as always, and the service was fine. However, it would be worth the restaurant remembering that many of their customers are elderly and do not have smart phones and Q readers. It surely is not a huge issue to be able to supply paper menus or laminated ones which are wiped down after each use. I felt patronised by the duty manager who went to considerable lengths to tell me how photographing a menu with a smart phone was better for everybody, that plastic is worse than paper and that it isn't all over because the restaurants are open. I am aware of that. I am also aware that other restaurants do not appear to have a problem with supplying hard copies of their menus. Frankly, I felt uncomfortable and will think twice before going again. 
I visited again yesterday as my group of friends wanted to go there for an Xmas knees up; lots of jollity and laughter but sadly the food still missed the mark for me. 
Shared a meal here with some friends as it was their local and was disappointed. 
The prices at this local Indian restaurant are pretty reasonable (I paid £16 for a chicken jalfrezi, plain naan and Diet Coke) and the staff were mostly attentive and polite (except for one member of staff who brought the bill and took payment without saying a single word to me). 
Nice food, welcoming friendly staff but slow, although quiet at time could have been quicker with service. 
The decor is definitely impressive and nothing like anything you’d find in Croydon. The atmosphere is very friendly and everyone seems to be having a good time here. Waiting staff very attentive.  
5 of us went for dinner, and although the restaurant wasn’t busy we waited over an hour for our food. Apparently it was because we’d chosen things that ‘take a long time to cook’ (3 chicken burgers and 2 squash Wellington’s). Had to ask for menus and drinks, it all felt a bit haphazard. 
We decided to book under the premise of what looked to be quite a considered and decent menu, this unfortunately ceased to be the case.  
We came to dine at Langley's as we had wanted to check it out for a while.  
Visited last night for my birthday. Loved the decor and ambience. Out of four meals, the steak was great and the rest nice. However it was sat night and the food took ages to arrive. We had to give up on dessert which spoilt our night. We wouldn't go again. 
If all you want is a simple bit of food and a glass of wine then go for it.  
Been here a few times. Its mostly ok, service efficient. Decor nothing to shout home about. Food is passable/average. And price is about right. Stick to traditional pizza/pasta and chicken main courses and you should be ok. Lamb dishes are tough as old boots, avoid. 
Food average. Kitchen closes irratically. Parties often have priority over regular diners. Good for summer evenings. Cosy inside during winter. 
The menu is limited and whilst the portions are large, all the food we ordered tasted the same...cooking oil or salad dresssing which was just oil. 
Having stopped in the Bell and Crown for just a drink on countless occasions we decided to go for dinner on a Friday night. As always we were met by really friendly bar staff who seemed really eager to please.  
My group claim to like this place but i find it consistently disappointing. The Chicken Balti i had on this occasion was ok but nothing special. The nan bread was thin, dryish and forgettable. My onion bhaji was similarly unimpressive. Dry and tasting like it was not fresh. I can only assume it tasted great to my friends because they drank rather too much of their overpriced Cobra beer (which incidentally has never seen Indian shores). My own preference? The excellent if unpretentious Taste of India at Elmers End. The nan bread is fabulous! 
We had a nice meal at the Amber Fort, the food was nice, but being a Saturday night the place was very busy and we had to wait nearly an hour for each course. The restaurant appeared to do a roaring take away service and delivery and I think this is what took the chefs time. Maybe next time we will have a takeaway delivered. 
This restaurant is average and lacks of authenticity. Flavours are OK but not comparable with some alternative restaurants. Portion sizes incredibly small and vegetarian options limited. I have grown up in the Croydon area and whilst this may be very good in terms of choice in the Beckenham area, if willing to go towards Croydon and Thornton Heath there are much better, tastier and cheaper options. Ambience good and serving staff polite. 
You know what you'll get if you go to Al Forno - food is good but not exceptional and it is consistent. Not too expensive and enough choice across pizza, pasta, meat etc. The service is a voyage of discovery every time you go though. So if you can put up being ignored or asked every few minutes if it's all ok, or anything in between then you'll be fine! I've been umpteen times over the years so I'm obviously in the adventurous camp! Child, group and family friendly. 
I have visited about 6 times and I have eaten at this pub twice now. Each time the quality of the food has been excellent. Portions are large. The food arrives piping hot. It is exactly what I would expect to get from a quality pub. 
I’ve always heard good things about Langleys so thought it was worth a try. On walking in we found the noise level really high and were not too happy to be placed by the bar and draughty door. The waitress said there were no other big enough tables and said she would shut the outer door but didn’t. Menu is ok, sort of Mediterranean contemporary trying to be a bit different eg lamb shank with a curry sauce put on after cooking. It’s quite heavy on the meat but there is a small vegan menu. The staff we e plant but service was slow which is annoying when you have a standard charge whacked on. Cocktails were good. Wouldn’t rush back. 
We were visiting the Ideal Home Show and used the Internet to find a restaurant within a short walk from the Exhibition Hall and return to the station. Chez Abir was was only 01 miles away so fitted the criteria . We ordered the mezzes which was a mixture of dishes, both hot and cold, beautifully presented and all very appetizing and tasty. The food was really enjoyable but as the restaurant got busier, the service deteriorated and we ended up having to rush for our train A nice introduction to Lebanese food. Will probably go back. 
I’d actually been to this restaurant 3 or so times before writing this review.  
Food was excellent and staff very helpful and friendly. Unfortunately at the end of the evening it was very obvious a staff member wanted to hurry us to pay the bill and to leave as we were the last group in the restaurant - such as shame it as put a downer on the evening. If you’re made to feel you should leave why would you go back? Will think twice about returning to this establishment. 
One of three pubs in Strand on the Green, where I live and couldn't be in a better setting right on the river. You will not find many better locations for a pub. Have come here for years and loved it. However... It's just got a new landlady /Manager who is never visible in the pub. A pint is also over £5 making it nearly £1 more expensive than the City Barge further along the river. Impossible to justify that price. The new management are going to have to be a lot more visible /friendly as this would have got 5 stars from me a few months ago. A lot going for it, but let's see if they get it to where it should be. Hope so.  
A pretty handy pub and restaurant if you’re staying at the Bath Road hotels, traditional British place, decent pub grub 
Had the Keralan vegetable curry for my main. The aubergine was undercooked & chewy. Couldn't taste any coconut. Complained to the waitress, who was sympathetic, but no compensation was offered. Based on that wouldn't go back. 
The menu has a bit too much choice but everything we tried tasted good and was well presented and good value. 
Everything was nice .but very slow forgot our starter it took them 30 min to bring the food put us in front of the door even tho I mentioned I was very cold and I want different table  
My wife and I were very excited to to here. We had been in England for two weeks and were looking forward to some Greek food. The server and hostess could not have been more delightful. They were brother and sister and we had a wonderful conversation with them. The food was simply lacking. It's a shame because the location is excellent. 
The restaurant itself is lovely. Really quirky and very attractive. Staff were friendly. 
The food was OK-ish. Staff not very attentive. We are very familiar with Caribbean cuisine but we was a bit disappointed. We will try again soon to see if it has improved. 
Very disappointing, my daughters greek salad had 2 olives and 1 piece of feta cheese, my stifardo was on the small side and not very good, my wife had some form of chicken with chips all 5 of them. Won't be going back 
Booked the restaurant months ago as had seen website and wanted to go for mine and a friends birthday. Website said live music every Friday and Saturday, however on arrival I asked what time the music was starting and was told that there was none. Even the menu said there was live music. Very disappointed at this as it was a birthday treat and we did not have the best time. Food was very nice but the wine was awful, we did tell the water but nothing was said or done. Such a shame.  
Went on ladies night, set menu and all the wine you can drink. The food was average, as was the wine but a thoroughly enjoyable evening. If you’re looking for a fairly cheap night out with friends - perfect! 
Great lunch time food but took some time to arrive making us late to return back. I look forward to visiting when they have live singers 
We dined in the restaurant of this iconic Heathrow pub. The Landlord is a gem, with his black Bentley taking pride of place next to the entrance. The service was first rate and the staff fantastic. The wine list was average. The menu read well. The meals let it down. My starter of calimari was deep fried and well over cooked. The main of a steak was as big as I have ever had but of no great taste. The steak was over cooked The portion was more than I could eat. It was a case of size over quality or taste. I left bloated and disappointed. It did not deliver quality food. 
Food was absolutely delicious and served really quickly. 
We went with a group of 6. The food was just about OK, but good friendly service. The table and setting is basic and largely based on a Convent Garden restaurant made up as a miniature theatre.  
Met some friends here and was initially impressed with the newly refurbished bar area, was a little shocked when a glass of wine and a pint gave me 5p change of £12 - jeez! A nice roaring fire was welcome on a cold January evening, but we retired to the slightly smaller area which could do with a lick of paint.  
Chose the meze set menu for three and needed a plain meal due to dietary needs for one. Meze served promptly with good choice. Fish dishes were small for three people. The request for plain chicken was taken and confirmed to be available. All well cooked. Overall an average meal  
An attractive Resturant with good service. Service was quick and the food hot and well balanced with spice. Recommended. 
Service very friendly, starters, nam bread etc was excellent. Grilled tandoori prawn main course very over cooked. Chicken for my main course not cooked in a clay oven, not sure if they have one, all decent Indian restaurants should  
I have known and be to this restaurant many times- not so much in the past 3 years but I have to say, it was disappointing.  
Four of us ate here, can only describe the food as average, nothing really special, I had the mini meze starter, which was pitta bread dips and olives , I've had better from a supermarket, main course of mixed kebab......overpriced for what it was.....could probably get better from my local kebab shop.......all in all not worth the money..... 
High points 
Having visited here many times over the last few years I felt I had to write this review so hopefully the management will read it and take note! 
Decided that we'd come and try this out after hearing lots of fuss about this being one of the best establishments in Beckenham.  
I have not been to this restaurant for years. It used to be my favourite place to eat, so I was looking forward to trying their menu.  
Two of us called in on a wet Tuesday evening. There was no need to book as the place was fairly empty.  
Food is generally good but have found it a bit hit and miss regards quality. Non alcoholic drinks are very expensive - £3 for a lemonade from the 'squirty gun' i.e generic drink not a named one. 
Just been again for lunch today. We regular eat there as we are a couple living within walking distance. We were very disappointed with slow service, more so with inconsistent waiting times among diners. Enjoyed food but choices could be much better especially for regular locals. 
Was looking for a nice place to get something good to eat before heading back out. researched a number of restaurants around heathrow. Saw this place and the number of reviews with good ratings. Ordered the mixed grill so I could sample a bit of most of the choices on the menu, along with a dessert. the mussel appetizer was excellent. 
Four of us ( 2 couples ) walked in into a totally empty restaurant on a warm summer evening. The waitress was polite but made no additional effort to make us feel particularly welcome. Did not offer any help with the menu (we were first-timers, so may be recommend what you think you do particularly well ? ). Did not ask us if we liked our food. Worst of all, when she cleared the table, she did not even ask us if we wanted any desserts or digestifs or coffee. The owner/chef did show up once and had a very brief chat with us. But this seemed to be too much of an effort for the waitress. And let me say this again - we were the ONLY ones dining. 
Me and my family visited Achari on 30th March 2014 on mother's day for fine Indian authentic meal at 13:30hrs. The waiter gave us warm welcome and asked table for how many?. Drinks menu and Main Menu card was given to us. Very shortly this young middle age waiter return to us to take drinks order followed by starters. After we received our drinks waiter returned to to take main course order. I replied to the waiter we are waiting to decide what to choose to that He replied to me Kitchen closes at 14:30hrs and I replied okay and ordered our selected item(s). I felt this young waiter rushed us to order our order. 
Friends and I attended Latino Taverna Restaurant on a Saturday night. We all tried the meza platter (£28pp). The amount of food was overwhelming in a good way and the quality was slightly above average. For a reasonably busy night service was quick and friendly. The restaurant has a relax and intimate atmosphere with a mediterranean feel that isn't overbearing. The total price was very fair for the quantity of food. For those that like a good bottle a red wine stay way for the cheaper Greek wines. I would recommend to others to dine at this restaurant. 
We had a dinner reservation for 4 on a Tuesday evening. The pub was busy, parking is tight but the pub had been listed in Surreys top pubs so our expectations were high. We waited an eternity to order and even loner to get the meal. Two mains eventually arrived and were half finished before the second two arrived. We got the 'sorry about that' response that would do justice to a Faulty Towers sketch. The fish & chips were good but the steak was tough. The gnocchi was luke warm and appeared to have been waiting for the chicken to arrive. Overall this was not an exemplary performance served by staff who look like they've not been doing the job for very long. No return visit here I'm afraid 
Quite a few of us, not much atmosphere, food was tasty enough, car park can get busy as rather small, welcoming but be prepared to wait if busy. 
Good service. Nice place, Friendly staff. Good value (especially the banquet on Sundays & Tuesdays) 
A group of 5 went here for dinner. It took a while to get a seat and the you have to queue up at the serving hatch to order food. We waited in a very long queue before we gave up and went elsewhere  
I was genuinely disappointed.  
Visited on a Monday night to celebrate a 16th birthday. The restaurant was very accommodating as we had lots of extra large gallons and they presented the cake with happy birthday music. 
Went for dinner on a Sunday afternoon in the restaurant. I eat out regularly so am aware that sometimes the main course can come out too quickly after starters. I told the waitress we would like to order starters, and we would order mains in a while. She told us we were not allowed to do that. As we may not order mains! I explained I was not in a rush. She was adamant. We ordered mains and asked her to leave at least half hour. 10 minutes after our starters were gone. Over came the mains. I told her we were not ready, and I did not want them kept under hot lights for warming. I wanted fresh. 15 minutes later they came back shrivelled after being kept under heat lamp. Second visit there. Not great service or food this time. Very dissapointed. No tip for service. 
Outstanding food, but was rushed through our meal and given the bill without asking for it and before being able to order desserts, such a shame as it’s such amazing food; will I be back? We’ll see! 
Average Indian restaurant in the Greater London. Service not great, food hall smelly but good Indian food. Price upper market for the area. 
Great pub for pre travel, near Heathrow airport. lots of choice .big portions at reasonable price... 
Had dinner here as it was recommended by some flight crew who frequented it on a stop over at Heathrow.  
I've been to Langleys before and the food was fab, this time around though, it was a little lack lustre. The service was great, friendly, efficient and helpful, however my steak was overcooked and the chips tasted as though they had been pre-cooked and then re-heated. It came with a jus, which I had hoped would taste meaty and rich, but instead was lukewarm (like the rest of meal) and lacking in any depth of flavour. Overall, just a wee bit disappointing, especially as it's not exactly cheap. However I'm hoping it was just an 'off' night so I'd give it another try.  
Fun restaurant with a nice atmosphere. Best in hot weather when you can sit out in the street. Food portions are big and mostly beautifully flavoured. If you go on a weekend, it's worth booking ahead. It can get busy on a Sat night and they host the odd hen do, which is a bit tedious. Live music is sometimes a bit invasive and poor quality. Polite staff, happy to accommodate. 
It’s was the first time I’d been here and was interested to see what it had to offer as I’ve been to a fair few other Turkish restaurants in the local area.  
This is a nice pub with the Pheasant restaurant up stairs. 
I live in the town and find this place to provide slightly overpriced ok tasting food. There are better options nearby depending on what you’re after  
A lovely local run pub with a great al' carte restaurant up stairs. Food is always good and big portion sizes. Staff are helpful and welcoming. Priced are reasonable. I would suggest pre booking a table as it does get very busy especially on weekends. Large selection of vegetarian and non vegetarian dishes available . Good palace for family evening meal too. 
Booked a table for me and family we arrived on time only to be told you will have to wait outside until a table becomes available that is not acceptable when you have booked in advance. 
Went there with husband and daughter , starters were saturated with oil , way to much olive oil dressing. Quite pricey for what they were however ingredients were fresh. I had the Lamb for mains very plain and over priced, cooked well but hardly no seasoning or garlic, Sea Bass was good but presented on a boring patch of watery tomato sauce and wilted spinach. 
As the 'hotel' I stayed at last night turned out to be a rather poor B&B (Goodwood Hotel - avoid) I had no choice but to look for somewhere in Beckenham for an evening meal. Looking at tripadvisor, this restaurant was listed as No 1, and as I very much enjoy Indian food it was an obvious choice. 
- Food is nice and tasty - would say 4/5 
We went to visit the restaurant on tue night. Was quite busy and good food, portion are enough and service friendly. We will come back.  
Went for lunch with my wife. The place was absolutely dead, bit of a weird atmosphere too. Only two waiters and they seemed weirsly swamped. Waiting forever for drinks but they were pretty good. Food however was incredibly disappointing and I felt like the staff knew it because nobody asked how it was. 
Came here with my 2 children early in a Friday evening. We ordered 8 dishes between us and although the food is nice it is ridiculously expensive for what it is. The Halloumi ‘skewers’ was one skewer with 4 cubes of Halloumi and some veg on it - hardly a sharing dish. I think this one thing was around £6 as well. 
The vibe here is great. It’s always full also book before going. There is a good vegetarian menu, but the vegan choices are seriously limited. That said, the food is delicious. 
We like this restaurant as it’s a nice environment to be in, it is also reasonably priced: starters and deserts are around 5 pounds, mains around 10. 
Went there once but that’s it really as overpriced and adds a 12.5 service charge on West Drayton high street!! Food was nice but no ambience. The owners service you and they are nice too but adding a mandatory service charge is just not acceptable! 
Went to eat here with colleagues recently and whilst a nice pleasant restaurant food quality was average with some dishes actually being quite poor as far as taste goes. Tarka daal (could have had a bit more fire to it) and bhuna lamb were good but most of the chicken dishes just didn't have much flavour to then.  
Achari is one of the three Indian restaurants on Sipson Road in a fairly lifeless London's banlieu, where fiery Indian spices seem to be the only exciting things. 
I have been to positano many times prior and always enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Previously they had a very limited menu, all of which was made really well. 
On the day we arrived the restaurant was full to the limit and I even received an email on the day asking me to confirm if we were still going as they had people waiting for cancellations. I suspect that they had actually overbooked on the off chance not everyone would turn up on the night. 
There's one significant problem with Little Bay, which I'll get to in a moment.  
My wife and I had an opportunity to spend a day in the London area on our way back to the states from Delhi. A friend was also in London and suggested this restaurant knowing full well we had just returned from 3 weeks in India (I thought it was a joke when we arrived). But (all joking aside) we found the food to be very authentic and delicious. The service was very good and the atmosphere was good. It was, however, a bit pricey for my pocketbook. Three of us with appetizers and modest main course and tip was $110 USD 
Basically the front of house let down the kitchen on our evening, the waiters/waitresses need to be properly trained if it's to keep up with the quality of food. Very basic mistakes with wine and etiquette.  
I don't know, perhaps I made the wrong food choices. My chicken satay starter was tasteless, and the burger and chips I had for main were disappointing. The burger was stodgy and the chips under-cooked and tasted of cardboard.  
This is a popular spot as it’s close to Heathrow hotels and the reviews encouraged us to visit. The key point to not is that there is a restaurant and pub which is significant as the pub was rammed when we arrived but the restaurant had space. 
I have visited the place recently , the service was very good especially Sonia our server , she was excellent ... 
Went here for dinner as part of a visit to my customer. 
You cannot fault the price of the food, the banquet night deal is very good value but the food itself is very bland. The service was very good but the place is let down by the average food. 
I wasn't greatly impressed except by the size of the portions. Order two dishes between three people to get a more manageable quantity. The lamb dishes were tender which is not always the case in Indian restaurants. 
Restaurant was really clean and staff was friendly... Food was good quality, except vanilla icecream... And also, rice is not included in your main dish, what makes whole dinner a bit more expensive! 
Really disappointed after recently having supper here. On previous times eating here we left very happy, but after staying away for a year or so things have taken a downturn... Service was poor, food was not as fresh or tasty as a remember it in the past. Dolmades were not good and tzatziki was watery. Pita bread was more like pita toast!!! I hope we just visited on a "bad night", but will go somewhere else next time we eat out in Windsor.  
Food is good, service is slow. Seabass was good but took ages to come. Party of 6 and derive wasn’t as expected 
We tried a takeaway from Amber Fort having recently moved to the area. I was lead by the good reviews but must admit my wife and and I were disappointed at the lack of taste all the dishes we ordered had. Very bland food not a takeaway I'll be ordering from again.  
The last time we dined here was when the establishment was part of the Liberty wine bar chain in the 1980's - Liberty Bells after Bells music store that was on this site for decades. 
Just eaten at the Real Greek Windsor  
Big servings with a huge selection. The waiting times can be a put off but it can be worth the wait. The staff are attentive and cheerful. 
I have been to the Gate once before and thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Last weekend we took three guests who live locally but never been here. Three of us ordered the prawn cocktail as a starter and they were all terrible. Even my very polite friend said how bland it was. How can you go wrong with a prawn cocktail? And at £10.00 per small bowl! Mains were mostly delicious. My seafood burger was very tasty but didn’t like the huge, dry bun it came in. White wine arrived and wasn’t very chilled. So my friend asked the waitress to only pour a small amount and put it in the ice bucket to make it colder. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Lovely ambience. 
I went to this restaurant with a freind and we really enjoyed it. The food was good and the atmosphere was nice.  
Starters at this restaurant are about £7 and mains average £20- for that I expected superb food. Surprisingly it was bland, pretty tasteless and lacking any finesse or quality. Could have got a better pizza at a third the price. Place was full and atmospheric but cost excessive and not justified. 
We went out for date night and enjoyed the atmosphere as there was a birthday celebration so felt we could have a good chat and a giggle. 
Went here a few months ago with my wife. We arrived early so not too many customers which resulted in little atmosphere ( I'm sure if it was a later time things would be different ).  
Three of us ordered different main courses. Calamari was not fresh and completely tasteless, swamped in a Greek starter paste. The lamb (skewer) was tough and grizzly. The chicken (skewer) was hard and burned. Having recently returned from Greece we were surprised to find no lamb kleftiko or traditional Greek fish dishes that we were used to. In fairness wasn’t very expensive; but wouldn’t go there for the food. Maybe for the really lovely and attentive staff. 
This is a restaurant at walking distance from Holiday Inn M4J4. It is not a very big restaurant but still very popular in that area as it is full even at 6:30 pm...The restaurant is simple but elegant in its décor. 
This is a nice little indian restaurant on the lines of british menu and looked a bit bangladeshi way of cooking (nothing wrong with that, its good in its way). However, there isn't anything I would call as a benchmark in terms of food that makes it stand out. I have eaten better in Beckenham. Has good seating space. 
Read the reviews and thought id give it a try... Like a lot of other reviews i must say it's a good curry house but not the best. The food is very good, the price is fair but i must have picked a bad night as the service was not good. Having to wave arms to get attention and asking for things that never arrived became a bit annoying, hence why it gets an average rather than a very good. I would go back and its worth a try. 
The sharing starters were great, very tasty, however the main courses for both of us seemed a little sub-standard, which was unfortunate as all the other reviews seem to sing praises. 
Meal was generally good. The chilly prawn starter was tasty, the seafood linguine was also quite flavoursome . The drop in two stars was because the waiter asked me how I wanted my seared tuna to be done . I asked for medium rare but I then got over cooked. 
The reviews here are glowing and if you read my reviews you'll know I visit many Indian restaurants. I have to admit whilst it was OK I wasn't that impressed compared to the other reviewers. 
Nice food, though as before they had run out of a couple of things. What you get is well cooked and probably typical of Windsor prices. 
Delicious food at the Amber Fort last night and generous portions. It was packed and is obviously very popular, just felt quite cramped compared to other local Indians.  
We went to Amber a couple of weeks ago. 6 pm on a Sunday it was really buzzing, looks like the locals love it. 
Visited when entertaining international colleague. 
As you would expect from this brand, pizza and pasta. 
We came over here after work 8 of us. As soon has we came and sat down the man asked what beer would you like. I was still taking my jacket off and not even sat down yet. They could have waited for us to seat down and give us the bar menu. The food was ok not too hot I did notice the man came over with papadom and chutney which we did not asked for and they bill us for that. We order 7 dishes of curry. The currys there to much sauce and less chicken and meat. Making money this way. The bill came to 223 pounds inc 7 pounds tip. Its was ok I will come back again. There also free car parking too. 
We had dinner here whilst using the Holiday Inn down the road for an overnight stay. It is one of two Indian restaurants in close proximity. Having been to maybe hundreds of Indian restaurants over the years I didn't see anything to set this above most average restaurants and certainly nothing to justify some of the gushing reviews. There was nothing wrong with the food but neither was it memorable or exciting and nothing to inspire us to return in any great hurry. 
The calamari here was great and very generous so I'd come back alone for that - the pizza wasn't ok but far too much cheese on it but nice enough - will come back again. 
Living very closely to Langleys, I have visited a few times. It is a beautiful building with an equally as impressive interior - definitely a place that impresses! Unfortunately, each time I have visited the service has really let it down, being very slow and seemingly understaffed. The food is lovely and the presentation impeccable but the bad service has tainted each of my experiences there. 
We have been to most of the local restaurants so had to give this one a try. Wish we hadn't bothered. Whilst the staff are welcoming and the atmosphere is OK, pretty much everything else was poor. We had read some reviews that said the portions of food could have been larger but we still booked a table thinking it couldn't be that bad! - Wrong!! When we ordered we asked the waitress about the size of the meals and were told that they were plenty on their own without needing a side order as they were served on quite a large plate. We however did order a side dish of chips. I had ordered the Pork Belly and when it arrived it was possibly the smallest piece of meat I have ever been served surrounded by the fewest vegetables I have ever been served. The 'crackling' pieces on top looked like that had been artificially factory made and yes the meal came on 'quite a large plate', unfortunately it only occupied a very small part of that plate! After this we ordered our dessert but regrettably the waitress forgot to give our order to the kitchen staff and after 30+ minutes we asked where our desserts were. We did get an apology and, to be fair, the waitress did give us complimentary coffees. However the desserts themselves were not very good. We had the chocolate cup with butterscotch and hazelnut and we only ordered those because the others seemed less desirable. On top of all that the food was very expensive, especially so given the small amount of food served. I would not recommend this restaurant and shall not be returning. I think I have been generous in rating it as average and it only got that because the waitress gave us the coffee free. 
We 3 each had a average standard steak with chips and vegetable, 3 drinks. We paid £76-ish, nearly £80 in 2012. 
I Went with 3 colleagues as we were staying in a nearby Hotel and since it was recommended we had to give it a try.  
This was not a bad experience, and was a experience of really good to average. For me what swung it to be an overall average was the food, compared to the cost. 
Gorgeous quirky restaurant. Lovely ambiance, nice food, Great services. The waiter knew just when to give us enough privacy whilst still remaining attentive. Well worth a visit. 
Had an enjoyable evening with friends with live music. Food was good and well presented. The owner Peter was on hand and the place was crowded. Not a place for oldies to have to climb up the stairs to the next level, especially after a drink or two. 
Absolutely love Little Bay, it's a quirky little place that you wouldn't expect to find in South Croydon. I have been many times and have always had a great experience, sadly this time the waiter we had appeared to be do us a favour by waiting our table, no smiles, didn't make us feel welcome, in general he appeared bored. I will visit again but we will make sure that we have different staff waiting our table 
Much fanfare accompanied the opening of this restaurant, and since, there have been many good reviews. The decor is somewhere between boho and minimalistic, with a pretty outdoor terrace. Staff are friendly and attentive, but, overhearing waiter to chef: “the cauliflower cheese looks better today”, was a bit heart sinking when anticipating a good Sunday roast. I dread to think what it was like before improvement, as today’s offering was raw cauliflower swimming in a milky bland sauce. The only good thing I can say about this roast is that the chef seems to have mastered a fairly decent Yorkshire pudding, but the rest, particularly two sinewy slices of beef, was inedible. The menu on Sunday has few choices, and so you might expect that a bit of planning and care would produce a decent plate of food. It’s not got my vote, more like a nicely turned out pub, and maybe just stick to drinks if I can ever face the walk up Richmond Hill again. 
I have always loved this place, and my last review shows that! The food is spectacular and the drinks fab, the staff super friendly! 
Drinks were really dear ans limited menu and very exspensive as well. Bit dark and dingy not very invitibg inside few seats outside but definately a local peoples pub 
This is a great place and a real one off, I can't think of many restaurants that you can have a meal and listen to great live music and opera like this.  
My daughter booked a table for 8 people for Father's Day but when we arrived at the restaurant there was no record of our booking in their diary. 
There was a bit of confusion on how the Carvery dinner worked and was not explained to our party of 6. There was no Chef at the buffet and so we picked up the small plates that would hardly hold any food. The Chef had to be asked 3 times to come out to the carving station to serve us and by the time he did our other food on our plate was cold. 
I live just round the corner and had heard good things so took the family for an early dinner. It was very quiet but the service was slow and forgetful, the food was bland and over cooked. It is a beautiful setting and could be so fabulous. 
The location is exquisite with a gorgeous secret garden  
Langleys is a small restaurant with a cool atmosphere, an interesting menu and friendly service. Food (goat cheese panacota, pasta, and steaks) were nicely cooked and presented. The dessert; sticky toffee also was very good. Still, service was slow (big gaps between dishes), nothing offered as a "welcome" in terms of a bite and really pricey. Definitely a very decent place and there were dishes in the menu I would like to try at a later visit. I hope that cost will not drive us to other choices. 
Had read previous reviews regarding the huge portions of food, all correct. Therefore I ordered two starters, even these were enormous.  
Nice ambience, staff are very attentive and friendly. 
It saddens me to write a negative review for Zaza as it has been our favourite restaurant for many years. However, this evening it fell way short of the standard we have come to expect. I booked a table over one month ago for our wedding anniversary and requested a window seat. I realise that it’s only a request and it can’t be guaranteed but we were seated at the table closest to the kitchen which was constantly busy. The starter was ok, not as tasty as usual and the portion size seems to have shrunk. I didn’t get a steak knife with my main which I should have done. The table next to us was shunted around to seat a group of 8 people while they waited for their table upstairs to be ready. This involved lots of comings and goings as people arrived and one persons back side in our faces greeting their guests while we were trying to eat our meal. Romantic anniversary dinner it was not. We were in and out in less than an hour. Very disappointing.  
I drove for 15 mins to get there because the Tripadvisor reviews were so good. There is no way in the world that this is a 5/5 restaurant. The service was good, the food was good, but nothing particularly special. Just because there's nothing to moan about, doesn't mean it gets top marks. This is a well run half decent suburban curry house. nothing more. 
Woe, woe and thrice woe.... Now that my inner Frankie Howerd is out of he way.... This place used to be twice blessed. 1) being super near to my house enabling a swift takeaway 2) simply having some of the best curry in South London and certainly within a several mile radius. Alas, front of house has changed and they shall be missed but more importantly, The chef has changed too and the food has certainly changed - favourite dishes including onion bhajis and sizzler jalfrezi are now made with substandard (or perhaps common and we were just used to fantastic) ingredients, and are either cooked to within an inch of their lives or are swimming in grease. I've had a couple of visits since the change so it isn't just a one off. This is no longer the "best Indian in miles and miles" but just a bog standard Indian which I shan't be back to. Gutted.... 
One of our friends recommended here for the burgers. We were seated earlier than booked and the staff were friendly. Couldn't wait to try the peanut butter and jam burger, it was unfortunately not as good as i'd hoped, not enough peanut butter or jam, good flavour in the burger though. Great to have a gluten free bun. 
My husband and I went there for our date night. The food was good but every 5min the waitress came and took a plate from the table which was very disturbing. Even when I asked her to come back in half an hour she couldn't wait and kept taking plates. I did not feel welcome.  
but I feel this misses the odd touch like a basket of bread would be nice as in most Greek restaurants and maybe a complimentary liquor at the end of your meal. This is a rather expensive restaurant for the size of the meal. I do not think this place would survive in north London where most Greeks live. It's obviously a tourist restaurant that thrives on its location. More reasonable restaurants nearby. 
Booked a birthday lunch at this restaurant, upon arrival was informed that lunch was not served until 1.00pm only brunch, this was disappointing so went to another restaurant. 
We came in one evening for dinner and found it to be just ok. It was freezing outside so we sat by a radiator but the draught from the windows was very cold and the toilets were freezing also. The food was well seasoned and tasted good, but no regular mousakka on the menu just a vegan one which we found odd. The staff were nice and friendly but we’ve had better Greek food so probably won’t be back  
We went here for a lunch date, mid week. The waitress was so lovely and provided great service with a smile. We ordered from the lunch menu and our meals were delivered very promptly! The food was good, but didn’t prove anything special. Next time we might consider ordering something different. 
Booked a table for a mid-week lunch based on an excellent review in the Sunday Times. Took my Mother who is 80 and sadly has severe mobility issues and met a friend there. Nowhere when I booked online was I warned that the restaurant is not disabled friendly (or for that matter buggy friendly). So when we arrived it was difficult for her to walk down the 8 or so steep steps to the restaurant. We ordered drinks and our food and then needed the restroom. I was astounded to learn that there is NO disabled toilet and that the only toilets were back up the stairs. In 2019 I can't believe this and I can't understand why Richmond Council have not insisted that an accessible toilet with baby changing facilities was not put in when the hotel was refurbished. That apart - the food was excellent. Tasty, hot and very well presented. Service not so good. It took over an hour to get our main courses! No staff evident on the 'shop floor' to ask to chase our food. I personally love the decor and I would go back but only with someone who is able bodied, without young children and has all afternoon to 'lunch'. 
Housed inside the renamed Harbour Hotel opposite the former Star & Garter home, and close to the Richmond gate of Richmond Park, this is a curious mix of things. 
3 of us went for a late Sunday lunch on a beautiful sunny day. We opted to sit outside in the sun and the terrace is an attractive space with a nice atmosphere. 
We've been quite a few times since this place opened and I really want to like it. It's local, gorgeous interiors, mostly great staff. However there are a few niggles that need to be sorted out if we're going to keep coming back. The welcome on arrival is always lovely at the main restaurant entrance. Although they claim that it's table service in the bar, our experience is that you have to wait a long time or order at the bar yourself. So now we just go straight to the bar to order. The servers that are on the floor/coming to tables are always lovely but one or two of the bar staff can be cold and it seems like it's a pain to serve us. The grapefruit margherita is stunning when one bar tender makes it but quite underwhelming when made by another. On our last visit, we just had a drink at the bar and the music was a great level but sometimes they have a DJ on duty (not necessary, especially when he is just playing playlists) and the volume can be too loud. The menu hasn't changed since it opened so whilst it was a refreshing, unusual selection at the start, now we're a bit bored with the options. As I say, could be great but a few niggles need to be sorted. Oh, and please can someone sort out the HarSpa signage at main reception? The wonkiness is driving my husband crazy!!! 
Went to celebrate my birthday with my partner. Did not get off to a good start.. having booked a table and waited at the door as stipulated we waited for over 5 mins to be acknowledged that we were there whilst all the waitress talked amongst themselves. One of their friends even barged past us waiting to go and have a chat. Once seated waited 10 mins to get asked if we wanted a drink and only because we called the waitress. Once the drinks come they were wrong and a bottle of coke got knocked over. Now the food ... was ok .. a little dry but pretty average. Having not eaten there before I can honestly say I will not be back. Money was taken off the bill but this didn't make the whole experience of me wanting to return. Can't understand why the place is so busy... may be the prices. Very disappointed. 
Went here on a Friday for lunch. The food was delicious but the waitress was very 'grumpy' and very arrogant when taking orders. She didnt really want to answer any questions we had.  
My friend and I visited Lation for dinner and having not been there for a while, we thought we'd give it another try. Whilst some of the staff are friendly, the others were basically staring at us to hurry up and order and then when the food did come it was comfortably average. We seated upstairs and were having the set menu - which is a pre-requesite for sitting upstairs - so we had to have a dessert. We ordered the 'home-made' cheesecake and when it arrived there was absolutely nothing 'home-made' about it. It was shop bought, i'd even go as far as to say it was from Tesco as I have had it before, synthetic and powdery. It was terrible and funnily enough this was the only course that the staff did not ask if we enjoyed - wonder why!? Now I could have complained but to be honest after getting the bill and noticing that I had been over-charged a vodka/tonic and abe accused by the waiter of having that extra drink when I didn't, I couldn't bear to be in there any longer and I didn't have the lung capacity to shout over the keyboard/singer. When the waiter realised the error of his ways and eventually took the drink off, I just wanted to leave. £85 down the drain. My advice is, if you want mediocre food at way over the odds prices, then this is the place to be. Otherwise go to the Olive Tree just down the road!!! 
Like another reviewer it seems most people thought their experience at The Gate was fantastic. The welcome was good, the setting lovely, gorgeous room, etc, but then the problems began. None of the problems were individually bad, but overall we left dissatisfied. We couldn't complain because there was no one to complain to.  
It’s strange to drive to the very top of Richmond Hill to find Richmond Harbour, but that’s what we did. 
As one of the only Greek restaurants in Windsor you might ask why they need to position themselves as the ‘real’ Greek restaurant. But I can say they do live up to their billing as the food is pretty authentic and tastes like the real deal. There’s a wide variety of dips and the flavours we tried were as spicy and delicate as they said they’d be on the menu. The meat and fish were nice, the lamb was tender and full of flavour, the fish was soft and juicy but the pork dish was a little dry. The vegetable dish with the feta was a nice accompaniment to the meal and added enough moistness to balance out the meats. All in all we had a nice meal, the service was a little hurried but it was friendly and attentive. The decor doesn’t particularly feel Greek and charming but it is modern and simple. If you fancy a little Greek treat in the heart of Windsor check it out. 
No frills, burger and ribs shop. Don't expect fancy decor, posh menus or a wide range of dishes. What they do, they do reasonably well at a reasonable price. 
We had a late lunch, around 2:30. We waited forever to be served, to receive a drink, then food 
I have heard from many locals that Zaza is a local favourite so I visited with a small group of friends. 
Had a lovely time last time we went here. This time the services was very slow, food not the standard we had expected. It was Sunday night, maybe the chef was off. 
The food was good very friendly waitress service was good prices average all 4 of us 
Food was top quality but management should step up on customer service,  
I would like to say I don't like leaving negative comments on reviews more just to highlight improvement. However I had the below following issues: 
I visited Langleys for an afternoon lunch with my mum and brother as we have all passed by but have never been in. 
Turkish food usually does not go wrong but here, compared to the last time we ate a couple of years back, the food is quite average. The ambience is very loud and the guy behind the bar constantly changes music and the volume. Perhaps it is a technique to throw people off balance so they would order more drinks! Seriously though, walking in you would expect a fine dining experience but will have a pub like atmosphere! 
. 
The service was slow and the food took ages to come. I ordered extra crispy bacon on my burger and it came out barely cooked so I asked for more bacon and by the time it came I had already finished my burger. I wouldn't normally mind but it wasn't even particularly busy 
Little Bay is a fun evening out with singers serving you. The decor is set out to look like a theatre too. I recommend visiting with friends or family. The prices are reasonable. 
We went here for a work celebration. We were a party of eight and on arrival were were shown to our table on the top floor and were the only group on the floor at the start. 
We went to this restaurant as we were staying at a nearby hotel. It came recommended by friends who had been there before during the summer months. You can eat in the pub or the restaurant at the back. We chose to eat in the restaurant as you can book a table there. Unfortunately we got lost on the way, a phone call to the restaurant resolved the issue with the friendly staff giving us directions. We ended up being late but they were very accommodating.  
After all the great reviews I was excited to go last night but unfortunately although the food was good and this cannot be faulted - especially the chips with the steak amazing! However we found the service to be very poor. Finished plates were left in front of us for a long time and then had to wait 25min for dessert. We couldn’t get another drink as no one was around to ask and no one visited our table throughout. It all seemed so very disorganised. From the other reviews it seems ours must have been a one off, I do hope so but sad as we will not be returning.  
 The food itself was great and I couldn’t fault it but the service was extremely poor. Ordered all at once but are milkshakes didn’t arrive until we had almost finished our food which was disappointing also the table water we ordered never arrived at all.  
Went here with my other half,sister and her other half. Lana was our waitress and done a good job. The food however,cant say the same. From 6 years of greek food every year in the summer visiting my sister in crete we have quite high standards. The starters were overpriced (7.5 for 3 sad prawns on a plate 6.95 for mini mezze where the tzatziki was yoghurt with cucumber (they missed out the garlic) and the tasteless calamari which could have done with some seasoning in the batter. The mains: overcooked dry salmon, kleftiko which is suposed to have a sauce which it did not however falling of the bone and my lamb fava which had 3 potatoes and quite some fat.overall,120 it was not worth it and the chef could do with a holiday,i have the feeling his passion is gone. Very unfortunate but wont be returning. 
Went with my family had lunchtime menu my lunch not great cold should of been hot no apology but sent back to kitchen rip off won't be returning. Don't have the lasagna or any pasta dishes for that matter. Only good experience was the company. 
Good place to have a bite to eat when going off on holiday from Heathrow  
Went for dinner with clients. Excellent quality food and relaxed atmosphere. Service was a teeny bit slow (hence score of 3 not 4). Interesting & varied menu at reasonable prices. Wine suggested by waiter was right on the money. Would go again. 
Have been here a number of times since current owner took it over and they do lots of things well, however I a minor moan in that the menu has not changed since day 1 and to be honest i'm now bored of it! With an overhaul I would be back but not for now! Average may seem harsh, staff, ambience and service all good, but ultimately it is the food that should judge a restaurant and just lacking that edge 
This is posh kebabs. There is a glut of this type of restaurant in the area and the food is all the same. It was more expensive than most but the place is more up market than their rivals. Food was tasty but expensive in comparison to their competitors 
I have been to Zaza Ruislip a number of times & it is normally busy & the staff are friendly. However I think that it is going downhill (apart from the prices) . I would now only go back for the Tuesday special. On Sunday, I started with pate with red onion marmalade - the pate was like a spread and the marmalade sweet, My wife had the scallops which was dripping in oil. 
meet up with old friends for dinner, nice restaurant with good friendly staff, but nothing special... 
We were served lunch by the very polite and friendly Kashia. 
Most of the family enjoyed the meal overall but it was let down by service. We hadn't had the menu 60 seconds when we were being asked what wine we wanted - had to ask them to come back rather than him stand over us while we read the list. The white wine sauce with the salmon was bland. No butter with the bread and unable to catch the staffs eye to ask. Asked for a second bottle of wine which never arrived. Couldn't catch the eye of the staff to request the bill either.  
Should of been a really nice night catching up with two old friends. Table booked for 7.30pm and confirmed in person two weeks ago. Was told on arrival that they needed our table for another booking at 9pm.....this was the first we heard of it. Was rushed through our dinner and refused dessert at our table, told we had to have it in the bar. Standing up! They did offer free dessert and a drink each, but argued when we said we didn't want any further drinks, could they deduct the equivalent from our bill. Answer was no until we made a fuss. Can't fault the food or waitress. Just very disappointed at booking and subsequent treatment.  
I have been to this restaurant since it opened and have taken parties of more than 20 people on over 5 occasions , but sadly for me this has not really been appreciated enough by the owner and the food portions and service has decreased . The food is still good but I am going to find another Turkish for my local now 
The food was okay , I read a review and booked a table but I was not satisfied and it was closing time and they were in a hurry to take the order and serve us 
We passed this restaurant on the way to Windsor castle from the Riverside Car Park and thought it looked good. There were jugs of water on the bar loaded with fresh mint that were calling to me. We made a mental note to stop in for a bite to eat before leaving. On the way back we stopped for an early dinner. There was about a 5-10 min wait to be seated. Luckily when we were seated we were seated right by one of the open windows. The male hosts were very friendly and always with a smile on their face. The female staff, less so. We ordered a bunch of starters. The flatbread didn’t seem very fresh and was on the dry side. The houmous and Greek pea fava were good as was the vegan Greek salad which we added feta to. The dolmades were dry and needed a sauce. The halloumi fries were tasty but could have used more dip. We finished up with a sorbet each. The score is mostly because of the grumpy female servers and the average food. 
I was really looking forward to trying Langleys based on the strength of the reviews but was sadly left wanting. 
Friendly, family run restaurant where the service is personable, especially with Susan. The food is nice, namely the pastas and grills, the pizzas are average and the portion sizes are decent. 
We had good food here, but we thought it was overpriced for the amount that you get. My husband was still hungry when we left, I know you might say we should’ve ordered more, but you don’t always know what to expect and we did still have quite a hefty bill for 3 of us! 
I've been wanting to try Langley's for some time and my partner and I visited for lunch on a cold February day. 
Our family has been to this restaurant many times. Last night was the first time after lockdown. As always, the food was good! However, under this pandemic, I hope they could see more precautions to their service. I hope the serving staff could wear visors or masks, as well as pay more attention to social distancing. The person who was serving us seemed oblivious to social distancing at all. 
huge portions, however fairly average quality. 
Not a bad boozer, good cosmopolitan clientele being so close to Heathrow. Only 2 real ales one of which is Doombar which hardly counts. 7 yes SEVEN different lagers on draught??? 
We phoned to book a table for Sat 2 Dec for my birthday but unfortunately had trouble understanding the person on the other end so phoned back the next day to check booking only to be told that there was only the Xmas menu at £35 per head + 10% service charge for 3 courses from a limited menu as we would never eat 3 courses sadly had to cancel our booking VERY DISAPOINTED as have been here on many birthday meals shame that they didn't do 2 courses for the smaller appetite. This seems to be a money making excuse for Xmas. 
Good place to go for sharing plates and having a bottle of wine as has simple cosy feel to it but as far as the Napoli sauce goes ... very bland and disappointing In flavour. 
Have been visiting this establishment for years.  
If you went to a pub, you’d probably spend a bit more because you wouldn’t be put off by paying £2.50 for a tiny plate of fries or £4+ for a similarly tiny bottle of beer. Given that there were less than a dozen other people there on a Thursday evening at 1930, I’m guessing the public is voting with its feet 
Really like the character of this inn. The atmosphere was warm and welcoming. Can cater for a large number of diners with a choice of locations within or under cover outside to eat. Whether u enjoy a meal is very much about the taste. I saw wonderful looking food presented in generous portions from a pretty extensive menu. I chose fish and chips. The meal for me was average. The fish was nice flakes.of cod fillet inside a beer batter. The batter was distinctive because the batter contained green herbs that although I could not really taste it looked good in presentation. I was a little disappointed by the batter thin yes but a smooth external coat that lacked some crispiness. A little too oily. The chips wers good. My friend had lasagne which looked great and reportedly tasted great. It is just down to personal choice of menu item selected that i marked this experience down. I have a feeling of confidence about the menu, service and ambience and would recommend this eatery. 
After reading reviews thought we try this place out. Visited and booked a table. On arrival we were told we could not have our table as they had a seating problem! What is the point of booking! Not impressed, manager not very helpful. Starters were ok rather small for the price. The rib eye steaks were not rib eye. Small amount of chips and salad. Great looking restaurant but food could be a lot better. Better restaurants around. 
Langleys on a Friday evening was vibrant. But too vibrant for many of the diners to enjoy the restaurant with any peace or privacy. This may have been due to the day of the week or the season, but is also in good measure a result of the layout, with the wine bar not effectively separated from the dining area, from the decor with no soft furnishings to absorb the noise of the crowd, and the fact that in appealing to a number of sectors and interest groups there are works groups, private diners and partygoers positioned next to each other and competing for attention.  
Have been here many times but something has changed. Food average, burger dry, fries just ok. Milkshakes excellent. Service very slow (15 mins for a drink) and floor under table very dirty ,covered in previous customers food - not nice where wearing flip flops!  
The Real Greek is a chain unless many restaurants around London claim to be the Real Greek. The idea is to select 3-4 dishes per person and share them. This works easily for 2-4 people. For 8, you have to figure out that the dishes have to be taken out of the tiers and passed around. The food is "peasant" or "fisherman", not "haute". Service is pleasant. Location is on a busy corner one short block away from the river. 
visited Masti in Wembley high road for some food and following dance. Food was buffet, starter was very basic, veggie samosa, veggie cutlie and chicken tikka. mains was not a lot of choice one rice dish, few veggie dish, meat dish and naan. not impressed with the quality.  
This place is good for indian food and with Indian Bollywood music. Starters and mains were average nothing exciting. Music was good as DJ played nice Bollywood music . However at the end it become all Punjabi dhol music. Feel like you are in village of Punjab. We did enjoyed music at the beginning and left when all Punjabi music started on full scale.  
Food was standard service was good though. It’s clean and comfortable when not busy. Can get rowdy at busy times I’ve heard but not experienced that myself. 
This pub was recommended to us by the front desk manager at our hotel on Bath Road. He raved about the curly fries so we ordered fish and chips in order to be able to try the fries. He was right about the curly fries; they were great. There really is no actual service. You have to line up to place your food order at the back of the pub and pay as soon as you order. As for the beer, you walk to the bar, order and pay for it. This obviously saves some time for the owners and there is no risk that patrons will leave the premises without paying. The dinner was brought to our table by a server who was curt. Perhaps if you are a regular patron the service is friendlier but we did not find anything great about the service; it was more or less not existent. On the positive side, the food portions are large, which is great if you are hungry, but the food, at least what we ordered, was nothing special. Given the recommendation that we had received, we were disappointed. 
Nice place but was very quite for a Friday night. Had set menus meal . Plenty of food but wasn’t fresh and starters were dry 
Have been wanting to visit the Flaming Cow for years. 
Pleasant lunch although I do not recommend the house (white) wine. The waiter although managing the odd smile , lack some enthusiasm. We were very fortunate as the weather conditions spoilt us with sunshine and we benefitted from the surrounds of the area while eating outside. 
Had dinner here in June with two friends. the restaurant is small split over three floors with an outside terrace. 
Friendly staff and great brunch options - the eggs Florentine were great. Would recommend it for brunch or lunch haven't tried in the evening. Service was a little slow when we were there but this may have improved. They do a ladies night on Thursdays which looks good. 
Can't say the best palace to be. food was good. had a nice Indian buffet. drinks were very expensive given the location and atmosphere.. DJ was however terrible.  
Lovely decor great venue. Would say food is pretty standard burger offering so if that’s what you are looking for fair enough. Kids food is pretty bad. The tenders are laced in paprika which didn’t appeal to my kids at all, total waste! Kids hot dog is awful. I’d say it’s just “ok”, plenty of other places around Windsor which are much better. Wouldn’t go back. Service not good either, and they had the gall to add on 10% service even when we complained about food which was pretty rich especially when waitress disputed our feedback, lol. What happened to customer is always right?!! 
Stumbled on this restaurant after walking across the bridge from Windsor during the May Bank Holiday.  
Very noisy , Plenty of food but food was tasteless and bland had to queue for buffet main ,were like feeding at the farm .Serving were served an hr and half apart so you could dance and dance floor was small everyone was knocking into me .Drinks were very nice but service was slow . 
Visited a couple of times for lunch. Both times in winter & the restaurant was freezing cold! I think the heating hadn't yet come on sufficiently to warm the place as it was still early!  
Visited with the wife. I was probably expecting a bit more from the reviews. Starter of mushrooms and cheese was very tasty but unfortunately took 30 mins to arrive. We both had the baby chicken, which was nice but a little dry in places. Found the service, however, to be very pleasant and the owner ( I think) went out of his way to make us feel welcome. Does it stand out enough from all the other turkish restaurants ? Not enough for me really. 
We went there for dinner... tried their Kleftico and their Swordfish.. found it average.. had had better elsewhere.. the staff was friendly and served with a smile... 
This place offers some great dishes served elegantly like an English High Tea 
We used to visit regularly and haven't been for quite a while. Food took ages to arrive and starters only lukewarm, I had duck as a main which I was told would be cooked medium, it was horribly well done so tasted like liver as anyone who has ever eaten overdone duck breast will know. I was dispointed with my meal, husband's was ok. Whilst not by any means expensive it isn't as reasonably priced as it once was. The wonderful opera singer has now been replaced by an easy listening singer who sang a very strange mix of songs. So so experience, maybe just a bad night but not sure if we'll take a chance again. 
loved it in the early days, whilst it hasn't lost all the appeal, it is now dated and a tad mediocre 
Needs to improve food quality as keep almost similar menu and improve service standards. Visited with family and waited long to get food for kids also cleaners clean tables in rush without even ask seaters. Mentioned issue several team members there however no outcome to resolve. 
It was a busy Saturday evening and the waiters were very slow coming to our table in the beginning to ask for our drinks order, we thought we were being ignored! We had to physically get up to find a waitress to take our order. From that moment things gradually improved and the food especially the steak was fantastic! 
Me and my friend were in Windsor area for Easter and everywhere was packed and as a last minute decision we chose to get some food here. The burgers we both chose with some sides were delicious. I recommend going here either for a quick snack or your main meal. Welcoming and friendly staff too. 
Came for an impromptu dinner after Christmas to have a break from cooking and this was one place that was open. The restaurant was extremely busy when we arrived but we were nonetheless seated very quickly. 
Paid the £20/person offer on a Saturday night. Disappointed that the manager changed my table on the night and put us in a corner with a booming speaker over our heads. Poor choice starter for vegetarians. Non-veg, not that great either. The main buffet meal better than starters. For a small dance floor area, the sound system was terrible. There are too many huge speakers aimed at people for a small dance floor and it was deafening and really not enjoyable throughout the night. Staff friendly, but the manager needs to take complaints onboard and improve the customer experience. 
Visited for an evening mid week, grabbing a table wasn’t a problem at all.  
We had fun. Good music and food. Poor parking facilities. Second visit, great to get together with friends.  
I’ve been here a 3 times.  
This is a typical family run Italian restaurant that has been in Northwood for a number of years. Food generally is good, however possibly due to a private party in the function room upstairs the kitchen got their timings wrong and I was served my prawn dish without any accompaniments. When I asked I was assured that my risotto rice 'was coming' but when it finally arrived it was well under cooked. Slightly al dente would be acceptable but I had to send it back. The staff suggested I have some vegetables and saute potatoes instead, however the potatoes were not cooked through (my veg arrived within a couple of minutes of the rice being taken back). As my dining companions had the vegetables of the day with their food, I helped myself to their plate which was perfectly cooked. I probably will return but maybe midweek when less busy. 
You can tell that this would be a popular venue for large groups, the service was excellent and the food delivery was quick, but personally, dining just for two (with the exception of good service) it was all just a bit average.  
This was our second visit. The service here is always good and friendly. The food is delicious, it's a bit like tapas where you get a selection of mini dishes. Whilst it is lovely food I find it a little bit expensive. Would definitely recommend the chocolate mousse cake for dessert though!  
Myself & Partner came here for valentines night & with the cost of the 3 course set menu (£29pp) we expected a little more with what we got.  
So it was busy as it was event night. Food service was super speedy but drinks were slow. Ordered a second bottled beer and after 10 mins it “wasn’t ready” (just needed top removed).Service was ok but at one point our server put her tray on the empty seat at our table which was unnecessary . Food was ok. 
Food is fairly good, if a little bland. 
Traditional italian cooking but in my opinion taste was so-so and somehow blunt. It's family run restaurant that make the service friendly. Unfortunately not enough staffs but I adored the working spirit.  
Good food with competitive prices. Pizza was delivered on time and also received vouchers for next order. 
Had food in this restaurant with family was very noisy not a good place to dine . Lot of youngsters screaming and dancing around were so fed up dint order our main.Ovoid this place is evening still was good starter on menu to eat . 
We visited as other reviews were glowing about the service and the food, however, in our experience, it wasn't anything unique or special, the burgers were nice but rather small and expensive.  
Not bad , 
A very friendly welcoming local restaurant i have been to many times. It comes in two parts - one is more pizza and the other one has tablecloth and has a more varied menu. Quick service, very average food, but the ambience makes up for the lack of food quality. Nice to sit outside in the summer. I will keep going.  
Lunch, hungry, very hungry, high expectations. 
Came across this restaurant by chance and thought we'd give it a go. 
Wouldn’t go there again in a rush! Visited with family but felt the waiter wasn’t as helpful as he could have been - he was alone but it wasn’t that busy. 
Use this restaurant before many times when I was living in Brentford so I was looking for to have the fantastic tiramisu and don't know what happen there but the tiramisu was soggy and not very nice. Food was good but not great like before and definitely overprice for what we get on our plates. Staff was average. I am sure the restaurant is missing retired co-owner Chiro's character. 
The food was good but the restaurant is very crowded and very noisy. The tables are extremely close to each other. 
Tonight we waited over 30 minutes to have our order taken and another 40 minutes for our food to come.  
First visit, very rushed before we had taken our coats off and sat down we were told of the special, spinach soup, asked what we wanted to drink and did we want a jug of water. Meal good for the price. Ordered dessert and coffee, coffee came first but no dessert because we waited so long left before dessert was served, we had to leave, no apology given, service charge added to bill which I also object too because I think the customer should give a tip if they feel the service deserves it. Meal ok not exceptional would not necessary recommend perhaps my expectations from reading reviews very higher than expected, 
Northwood Piazza is a traditional Italian restaurant. It is busy on a Saturday night and essential to book. Unlike some local restaurants, there are plenty of staff so you don't have to wait too long to be served and service was certainly friendly. The food is good quality but I have had better. The pizza's were OK but not particularly tasty and the cannelloni was a bit liquidy. I would however try the restaurant again. 
You have the option, at least, of paying the service charge but apart from having your food and drink brought to the table there is no service. Four inches of food piled between a brioche bun and spiked through with a stick is served on a piece of paper in a plastic ‘basket’. You help yourself to knife, fork and serviette and by the time you’ve negotiated how best to cope with the unspiked ‘burger’ the paper is soggy and frankly a mess. Trendy trumps sense? Flaming crazy. 
Visited on a Saturday night, had pre booked table. Guy booking us in looked miserable and not very welcoming. We ordered our drinks, a starter each and our mains all together. Our drinks came first as you'd expect, our main then came before our starter, explained to our server that we hadn't had our starters yet, she said its fine its coming now. We wasn't asked if we wanted starter and main together and assumed that us ordering a starter then we would get this first. Felt rushed even though it wasn't busy, and felt the mains potion size was smaller then previous visits. A table next to us waited 20 mins after being seated for someone to take a drinks order, even though there was three staff members doing nothing at the bar. The food was tasty as always and for 2 starters, 2 mains and a beer each coming in at £42 we felt this is good value, just this visit left me cold, maybe it was the managers night off. 
This place has really gorgeous authentic Italian food. A real treat ad fantasticly generous portions! Go if you're in the area and want delicious food.  
This is a nice restaurant. Good italian food. I wish they would offer fresh home made mozzarella. Reasonably priced good food. Will return 
Tried Langleys twice as looks lively and inviting and didnt want to have a fixed opinion after only one visit. 
Staff helpful and pleasant.Place needs a full refurbishment as looks worn out.Food was ok, starters limited selection and main course was a buffet which was a bit of a let down and quite hectic as you got to beat the queue.Music was ok, could do with some big screens and some dress code.Entertainers and dancers were hard to see. Overall ok if you after some food with entertainment. 
food and drinks are delicious, but the music way too loud as it isn't a nightclub. I was not able to talk 2 sentences with my friend. 
Came here for dinner and drinks, was seated at the back near the gantry where we had a lovely view of the MANAGER eating food off of customers plates before bringing them to the tables. Little confused on how you think this is acceptable during the current global situation? Especially when there are several tables with a clear view. Put us off having a full meal, so we ordered a starter to share, watching the gantry like a hawk to make sure we got what we paid for. Cocktails and service were lovely as usual 
Manager was extremely welcoming and friendly , unfortunately one of the bar men was , thre card machine because it wasnt working and swearing . Was extremely disrespectful to the manager and colleague . He spoiled what could gave been a nice experience 
Have seen several re-incarnations of this place over the years so was excited to see it open once again however, despite the good atmosphere and service, the food was decidedly average at best. Shame really as I do really like the feel of the place but will limit my visits to after work drinks only. 
Langley's is almost there! Shame there isn't a rating for GOOD as I wouldn't rate this as average or very good - something in between. The food is good for a local restaurant and the atmosphere is pleasant. Service was good although a little over-friendly at times. None of these negatives would put me off future visits. 
A good family run restaurant. The food is of a satisfactory standard for a local restaurant. Nothing out of the ordinary but good home style cooking. Friendly and helpful staff. 
This is a nice friendly restaurant serving standard Italian fare. I had the sardines and the veal chops both ok but not memorable, as was the experience of my fellow diners. 
Firstly , this place has lovely open window dinning experience, it was a very hot day so it was nice to have that . But ! It wasn't full and the staff were disorganised and not that friendly tried to sit us in a crap spot with dirty table , then pulled a face when I said no! I have lived in Greece so think I know Greek food ! It was just ok , I can make better dolmades than that! But overall it was quite nice, but don't think I'd return .  
I dined at a The Real Greek in London a few years ago, and it was SO good that when we bumped into the Windsor one we decided to dine there. 
It’s a burger place,so not too much to state.Great milkshakes.food ok.I would not go out of my way to visit. It gets very busy and friendly staff always happy to try to fit you in. 
Hello 
My wife and I ate here last night, using a Groupon deal. 
The service was good but the ambience and the overall experience made me and my girls feel very rushed. Our Goaan waiter Antonio was wonderful and attentive. The rest of the staff pretty much forced us out. He brought our food and drinks out fast. The rest of the staff were just rude. Train your staff to be more hospitable. 
Mid afternoon late lunch, not crowded, waitress good, fast. Only problem is the food was not bad, but not really good. Three of us had an array of dishes, but did not find any exceptional. There was a cheese dish that I hear is usually salty, but this was almost inedibly salted. Garlicky eggplant sauce was pretty good. Prices reasonable. Very big restaurant near one of the Castle carparks, so very convenient. 
So looked for a good burger place in Windsor while we were visiting. I had a double burger and my wife had the steak. To be honest, it was just a bit tasteless.  
This is my 2nd time at this place , burgers and food are excellent with tastes for all !! It’s in the heart of Eton and right over the bridge to Windsor !! 
The place has a very good location, just in front of the Thames river across the castle in Windsor. Unfortunetly I was not impress by the quality of their offer. The burguers seem to have a “chain” taste, like the meat was not homemade. They over cook it, making it dry and tasteless. The bread was not soft and make the whole burguer feel stif. 
Booked a pre concert meal, inside looks tired except for the bar. Very busy and noisy too as the music was loud. 
Came to this restaurant at a extremely busy time. 
At time of booking I was asked if we were celebrating an occasion. So we arrive on a Saturday evening to find the restaurant buzzing. We were shown to our table and sat for nearly an hour waiting for our server. My sister went to find someone and was told they would be right with us. Another 15 mins wait. Once we ordered the food was lovely, however my cocktails arrived in wine glasses. When questioned our server said it was the same amount you would get in a standard cocktail glass as it is measured carefully. When I pointed out this could not be right due to the glasses being smaller, she said the standard cocktail glasses looked like they hold more but this is due to the amount of ice they put in, Really! 
My wife and I went for a Saturday night dinner, having walked past many times and heard good things about their burgers. Whilst my double-stack chilli burger did not disappoint, my wife’s chicken and avocado salad was very average and her standard fries were over cooked. On arrival the welcome was very friendly and the drink order taken quickly but our food took over half an hour to come, despite the venue not being that full - the Deliveroo orders seemed to take priority. 
We were a large group which always makes it difficult to properly judge but having said that the standard was a little disappointing. It is not overly expensive but it is not cheap either unless you have a pizza and for the price I expected better. The veg was served cold. We will probably give this another try in a smaller group to see if it is better. 
We visited on a Sunday evening; having lived in Croydon for 4 years and hasn't been despite many friends recommending it, it seemed to be time to give it a visit.  
We used to visit here once a week as I have a wheat allergy and they offered GF food. Recently they have changed their menu and their staff. What was once a buzzing burger place - with the best ribs n wings you can imagine is now an over priced hamburger joint with - well lets be honest very crappy service. Had I written this review 6 months ago I would have raved about it this with 5 stars or more.. Now, we simply give it a miss.. 
Got the Santa Fe burger which was described as hot, having jalepenos, jalepeno relish etc.... But was not spicy at all. Burger itself was tasty but a bit disappointed. Wife had a chicken burger which she really enjoyed. 
Had a great burger, onion rings were excellent and my son loved his milk shake, apparently its10/10 ! personally i thought the food was OK for the price, but thats it..just OK. Service was good. Cant believe the loos are so poor in a restaurant though. Very dirty.  
Great music . Cramped dance floor. But it was 12 at night an little children running around. Nightclub with children in? So in one corner you have lads getting drunk and dancing with girls and then you see little children crying. I guess it's a family club. But children shouldn't b there at midnight. Those children should be at home in bed.i went there to get away from kids and have a adult night out. Shame but music was good  
Nice decor, good location... wait staff and front of house were attentive and accommodating so no problems there.. 
Came here with family during lunch break for a treat and to take advantage of their lunch meal deal. Not until you sit down do you really appreciate that the £10 deal is comprised of the most basic options, a veg meal saves you about 50p.  
It is great to have a local family owned restaurant who make you feel welcome. This is a good place to dine with children because they take the time to interact with them. 
Felt very cramped, squashed in and noisy. Food was ok but nothing great and a bit on the pricey side for what it was. The toilets were disgusting and at only 7 pm, God knows what they will be like later in the evening. There is nothing special about this place and other venues are better value. Can’t understand the good reviews given here when we found it less than ordinary. We were honestly glad to leave. We won’t be returning. 
Maybe it's just not the restaurant for me, but I'm not overly impressed. 
I thoroughly enjoyed the food here it tastes great and came in a reasonable time.  
Went here on Saturday first time visit. Was told of the lunch time deal for £10.00 each and what was included in that deal. Staff were friendly and food was great. When it came to pay the bill was £26.95. When I queried this i was told that was a service charge and she would take it off if I wanted. I said yes, I would pay my own tip. She then said the bill was £24.00 and couldn't adjust it. Not happy I paid the bill, the waitress seemed nervous at telling me the price. I chose to eat the £10 lunch meal so opted for burgers and drinks that were on that £10 lunch deal and expect it to be £10 unless you advise me otherwise, which we were not. Put me off. 
I guess this was a case of just bad timing. We had heard so many good things about Zaza in Ruislip and decided to give it a go on my birthday. I couldn't fault the customer service- especially how they marked the special occasion ie- decoration, candle on the pud and lovely waitresses singing Happy Birthday etc. The food was good but not quite exceptional. Our order- a Hugo aperitif, 330ml bottle of Peroni, Mezzaluna Croccante and Pate di Fegato for starters. Meatball pappardelle and Penne Toscana for mains. For desserts we had a ball each of the chocolate and hazelnut gelato. The pate and meatball pappardelle were the dishes we liked most. Quite flavourful, the meatballs are not coarse and the sauce was uniquely flavoured. The penne was baked and looked like hard work- especially on a hot day! My partner struggled. The day being hot and sunny did not help at all, especially when you are sitting in a corner and the sun beams into your eyes every time you take a bite of the food! The gelato was not too sweet or creamy and refreshing. I think because we had just been to Naples last month our ideas about "Italian food" have been changed forever. Our total bill for 2 was just under £69. 
After having an evening dinner here with my family I have to say I was a little disappointed. The service was not that good, a little slow in fact. The food was good but the portion for some people were very small. Would I recommend it, I'm not sure I would. 
Been there for a businness dinner and had the chance to try an italian restaurant in London. Tried the snails, but was nor really coocked in an italian way...it was more french recipe: no sauce... Was good but not italian. 
Came here last night with my friend before the concert. Joined the queue and we appreciated that it was busy because of the concert . Was told it would be about an hour and was handed a card but was only actually about 30 mins.  
Me and my wife had some thoughts on whether to eat in the Stoke park hotel or eat in the near by village, eventually we decided to give in to our laziness and lack of desire to leave the room and keep it close, so we ate at the Humphry's. The restaurant was not full, the service and overall experience is good, dishes are not very big yet look good, the food was good but not amazing as one would expect from a high end restaurant which is how it is presented (and the prices reflect it). I will note that the dish my wife took was not to her taste and they replaced it with no problem. All in all we had a good time (and enjoyed later the fireplace in the lobby and the vicinity of the room) but expected something more when it comes to the food. 
Redneck burger was very good. Plastic cap was still on ketchup bottle, had to wait 15 mens to pay ended up going up to the till instead. 
This restaurant has been hear many years and gets busy at weekends, I thinks the food is ok but nothing to write home about, I have been to a lot better 
A friendly little bistro with good value food served with a smile . The pasta is good , though not innovative . The antipasti is generous but nothing exciting or unusual . It is good for a family get-together as they are very sweet with the children . But it's nothing special .  
We have been there for friend sons 1st bday party. Food was okay not too many vegetarian choices. Few drinks available in buffet alcohol need to buy separately. Overall 6 out 10.  
The Crown is our local and we have been regulars since it opened. We visited last night and found the service and environment were both as good as ever (It was service with a smile from Joe who looked after us in a professional and friendly manner). Sadly the food is not as it was. We had burger and chips and were surprised to see the lovely fat home made chips had been replaced with skinny, frozen McDonald style chips complete with black bits. The burger was average and had a gloop of yellow cheese and inedible very fatty lukewarm bacon on top. The coleslaw and salsa accompaniments. The pub used to be owned by a small company that sourced quality fresh produce and wine. Young's took it over at the beginning of lockdown and it seems they have reduced the quality down to cheap, mass catering level. Such a shame. They are managing to be Covid compliant very well without making it too obvious. The menu was reduced which is to be expected in these times. 
The food was fine, nothing amazing. Tender meat but kisir was too dry and the rice served was just boiled, not cooked Turkish style. Sauces were from Macro, not homemade. 
Went randomly for a meal.... Was ok nothing special. Very loud music downstairs but we did go on a weekend. Probably wouldn't visit again as there are better places locally but give it a try for yourself. 
Huge plate of pasta , enough for two , but totally bland and dry. It was suppose to be Penne Arrabbiata, spicy, tasty, witty abbondance of tomato sauce. 
The service here was quite good. I found the food just average. I could not eat the salad as I found it very salty, but my friends said theirs was ok, so maybe it was just me. I found it very noisy in there and we could not have a decent conversation around the table. Was very disappointed that they added a bottle of prosecco to our bill which we did not order or drink. They did apologise, but it always makes me wonder if they try that on with customers hoping they would'nt notice. I hope I am wrong. I don't think I will return, because of the noise factor. 
I regularly go to the Reading restaurant and love it, the atmosphere is great, music is loud, dress code is smart - dressy, service is good (most of the time) and food is great. I can't help but feel this one lets the chain down somewhat. Vibes in here are so different, its just not that enjoyable, its not the usual buzz and hum with the latin american music blaring at a loud (but still audible to have a chat level) 
Our first visit to Zara in Pinner  
Waiting staff were very slow in taking orders and checking in on us. The wait for the food was not long which was great  
I wish they would improve their menu. If you are looking for a place in Raling that has great music and friendly staff than Turtle Bay is great. I suggest eating prior. The starters aren't even nice. 
I went with a group of friends to zaza ruislip last night as they have a special offer of a choice of two course meal with unlimited red or white wine every tuesday which is really good value. 
Food was ok, quite a bit of oil in goat curry but tasty. Wine served in plastic wine glasses and the reply was they had run out of glasses. A service charge was automatically added to bill for 4 of us even tho it said service charge optional and service wasn’t great. We just paid it as could be bothered to make a fuss. Won’t hurry back. 
Service was slow in spite of there being lots of staff, who were very good at looking busy doing nothing. During our meal a member of staff decided to remove a chair from our table without checking if anyone else was joining us. The new management are not customer centric and it will be along time before we consider spending our money at this venue again 
First visit was with friends .. restaurant was quiet .. service was efficient and food tasty. Visited again with family on a weekday, service was slightly slower ad there were 3 waiters and majority of tables buzzing. The person I believe who was the owner was very nice to a group of italians .. they were so loud and it seemed as if they were all in their own world. BUT anyway I think every customer should be given equal attention and served their food and bill at an acceptable duration.. our service was slow.  
La Rosetta is a family run Italian Restaurant in the middle of a "1960's" parade of shops.  
The food was wonderful and the service was attentive. In those respects, the restaurant could not be faulted. 
Visited on 2nd September 5pm  
Great dinner, tasty food and good service. Only problem is the cocktails. If you want one then they are £12 each!! If you want 2 then they become a reasonable £6 each but the so called permanent happy hour is seems to be a means to make people drink more. 
Nice restaurant, cosy little Italian. Up and downstairs dining. Good service, nice menu and nice food. Prices are ok. On weekend evenings it is best to book as they do get a bit busy. Located on the high street. No parking on the street but you can park on some side roads  
I go semi regularly to this restaurant, and need a little space between visits. Its very hustle bustle noisey - whjch may be good if you have young ( noisey kids) but then again is not conducive to a child frendly place. Food is very ordinary and service is a bit slapdash but they do try to please. Worth seei g yourself- there is a lot of hype about it locally,  
Enjoyed the food of the restaurant. I went for the 3 tapas deal - the food arrived in fairly good time. Service was prompt and friendly.  
Zaza is a typical Italian chain with meat, fish, pizza and pasta dishes. I like the sharing breads to start too. 
Went in before going to a show at the Arena. Restaurant was clean, well set out and waitress was friendly and welcoming, showed us to our table and offered a drink. Waited around 10mins for her to return with drinks and take order for meals. I requested the fried cheese and chicken wings for starters to share, both were good. Mains came with rice which I swapped for chips but was still charged extra. We didn’t stay for desert as choice wasn’t great. 
It's hard to criticise what is a Brentford institution - but ' institutional ' it is. Very welcoming and staff eager to please. Food however very average, no risks taken and unadventurous in the extreme ( I wager they have been churning out these staples for the past 3 decades). Ingredients are fresh and wholesome, the Dover Sole in particular was a beautiful fish, the manner in which they are cooked is simple and nothing that you wouldn't be ale to produce at home, which for me negates the entire point of a restaurant visit. All the usual trattoria suspects are here. The fish is either grilled or pan fried and is perfectly done although I found my tomato sauce on scampi quite bland and honestly can do better myself. Otherwise stuff is quickly deep fried, the whitebait and calamari both very presentable but deeply ordinary. The veal could have been served in any Italian the length of the country, average. Flambé ing appears to be somewhat of a speciality here and quite a show is put on around it. I must say the amount of Grand Marnier our waitress put on the desert was VERY generous and could easily have tipped a driver over the limit for the return home! The wine list was small and OK although £32 for an obscure Chianti Reserva was somewhat steep. Prices overall I consider a touch high for the lack of inventiveness shown but credit for the welcome and ambience. I wouldn't revisit but plenty do and I understand that it's for cosy, no nonsense , plain cooking and excellent hospitality. May it thrive for a further 30 years. 
I used to have Sunday lunch here regularly over the last eight years so I was really looking forward to it. What a disappointment. They have a new chef and the cut of Sunday joint has changed. It used to be totally lean now it’s got sinews in it. The roast potatoes are cooked in garlic. Not everyone like garlic. I really don’t know why they mess with a classic. So the meal was average. It used to be better than you could make yourself. Not any more. It’s expensive considering the new “quality”. I won’t be rushing back COVID or no COVID. I was hosting a friend and she was not impressed either. I don’t know if it’s because they are cost cutting or what but I’d sooner pay a bit more and have it right than the average meal we were presented with. Staff service was excellent and COVID measures seemed protective. 
We have always enjoyed going to the crown. First time back last Sunday since lockdown. So disappointed all the usual staff have gone and everyone else new. And to be fair very attentive and accommodating. Our meal was certainly not up to the Crown standards, gravy that came with the beef was very much like chicken gravy. Afraid we won't be rushing back, which is sad. 
It was a busy Saturday evening,the staff are friendly & accommodating. The food itself are quite good & very reasonable priced. It is good for a family event as kids have space to dance too. There is a dance hall in the basement which people would go to after the meal. It's good place to go out with friends and family.  
Despite ordering Olives 4 times they never arrived, staff seemed over worked and uninterested. Food was ok and wine list good. I wouldn't go back and was glad to leave 
Nice enough food but expensive for basically a kebab service was ok staff a bit rude manager was nice 
The food was ok, typical menu for a kebab restaurant. The service was good and we were not left waiting even though it was a busy lunch time.  
Food was very nice but the wait for the food was ridiculous we waited about 2hrs for food for a table of 8. it wasn't exceptionally busy I just believe the manager on the day was not on the ball. Waiters were cleaning instead of taking orders and serving which should have been the priority. Very slack. Food was nice though when it finally came but then a next long wait to get bill, then the bill was wrong and had to be amended as we was overcharged. When the management sort it out this will be a great spot to eat. 
Booked weeks in advance for the Restuarant for a special 75th dinner and got stuck at a back table in the bar instead because 'tables were all booked'. Really dampened the occasion and is unforgiveable in my book. (We were not alone...other people adamantly declaring they booked outside). This was a first visit. It is unlikely we will go again even though the staff serving the meal were absolutely wonderful. They worked really had and were friendly throughout. 
Various choices on the menu. Food was OK, but overpriced. Service was slow and impersonal, so the (obligatory?) 12.5% service charge was, to say the least, very cheeky. Wouldn't go back. 
The restaurant is great all round, drinks are good, service is good. We pre-ordered so good came on time. My only grouse is poor vegetarian choice. 
Typical chain restaurant,looked clean and tidy,with plenty of seating.Lots of different choices on the menu, and food was good if a little overpriced.Mandatory 12.5% service charge was very cheeky as the level of service did not warrant anywhere near this.Not a bad place to eat if you are visiting Wembley,just bring plenty of money. 
I went back to The Crown shortly after they reopened after the COVID 19 lockdown. It’s under new ownership now and although they’ve tried to maintain the high standards set by the previous owners , I don’t think the food is nearly as good since Young’s took over. I had the sausages, mash and rich gravy and my sausages looked anaemic, they had not been browned at all. They were strangely flaccid things.  
We normally go to the Nottingham one but thought while in the area try it out.. there must have been perhaps 4 or 5 other tables..took forever to get a drinks order in..and then actually had to call them for our food order.. once we got what we had ordered we could not fault the quality of the food or the cocktails.. definitely come back again, just hope they up their game 
As usual, great service but the pizza was not as good as Prezzo or Metro Piazza. However, its a lovely place and the staff never mind answering every little request.  
Food was average but what makes up for the food is the friendly staff!  
A beautifully decorated pub with friendly staff. We decided to eat here as part of the eat out to help out scheme. The pub had all the measures in place to eat out safely. I’m giving this only 3 stars as I found the menu was quite limited, disappointed with range of drinks and how they are served, and the place had no fans or AC. It made eating at the pub very uncomfortable with the heat wave. I think it’s a place to go when the weather is much colder and you don’t really care for your gin being served in a normal soft drinks glass. 
So the place was dead including us there were less then 10 people in here.. They gave us the normal menu rather then the lunch menu and took ages to take our order.. We had a side missing and the bill was charged wrong and they have the cheek to add on service charge!! If I had the service I'd pay it but apart from cook it I felt it was a piss take 
Booked in for Sunday lunch. I think The Crown dealt with social distancing very well, they were clear on the rules and advised us what we should and shouldn't do. Food was okay, service a little hit and miss but staff in general were friendly. 
I am a regular at Turtle Bay in Ealing and usually have nothing but good reviews about the place. However, on Saturday 02/11/19 I had a rather uneasy experience. Whilst ordering drinks, I noticed an assumed off duty manager at the bar, intoxicated and hurling abuse at the bar staff. I was not the only person to notice this. Many people were recording his abusive behavior. I commend each member of the staff working that night for keeping calm and not reacting to this disgraceful behavior. I am writing this review as I will not be returning to this Turtle Bay whilst this manager is in the vicinity. I hope you can deal with this manager accordingly for the well being of your staff. Thanks. 
Was a good night out, with friends and family. Had a decent meal but problem was the staff act all professional in front of Adults but when it came to me and my friends (all 24) it seemed like they didn't wanna take our order or ignored us  
Attentive staff, only ordered main meal & was asked if that's all we want. Have been to Zara a number of times, but not for a while. My seafood pasta was tasteless, not as good asi it used to be. Expensive for what we had. Service charge already on the bill nearly £5 for 2 people, do object to that as I like to give the tip to the waitress. Will go to prezzo next time. 
We dropped in for drinks and cocktails that are offered at a price based on two for the price of one. The atmosphere is good and the drinks arevok, but nothing special.  
Brentford is not the best place to find a restaurant, so by local standards this is very good. Staff friendly. However compared to other places in south west London it is only average for the price. 
Had a couple of lunches here due to being close to work. Food cooked well and flavour ok. Choice good but it's not somewhere I would go for dinner. Probably down to the atmosphere or lack of it.  
Good food, reasonable prices, and usually good service in a nice atmosphere. Menu could do with an update now...been the same for the last ten years, but we enjoy going and will continue to do so. 
Il ove Zaza but find that over the years it has become more of a quick buck to them.  
I visited Zaza yesterday for a spot of lunch with a friend after reading a number of reviews.  
Went on my own didn't think they wanted to waste a table on one person, just seemed to want me to eat and go asap. 
We went to Turtle Bay - Ealing tonight for drinks. The staff and drinks were excellent but our experience was ruined by the presence of an off-duty bar manager sitting at the bar for the evening drinking a bottle of wine and shouting orders at staff behind the bar who were trying their best to do their jobs and serve customers. The manager was eventually asked to leave by security after we and other customers complained. It was an uncomfortable experience for customers and extremely unprofessional behaviour from the gentleman. 
We had a table for 11 of us, on Friday 13 June. We were shown to our table and seated, the waiter was attentive and gave us a menu each and waited while we organised what we wanted to drink, he also took note that there were still a couple of people to come. They were seated as soon as they arrived and their drinks order taken.  
The first time i went it was excellant. A quiet friendly family run restaurant. The second time it was busier and the quality of the food served fell dramatically. I would consider eating there again but only if it was practically empty.  
Came here for a sit down meal with my partner after reading reviews and being a ten minute walk from home.warmly welcomed and given a table and menu. Waitress came back quite quickly and asked what we wanted to drink. Looking at the drinks available, she told us we could have wine or beer which wasn't on the menu. Not knowing what the choice was, she informed us we could have an Efes beer to which we both opted for. The food menu was quite extensive but dearer than I had imagined. I chose a chicken shish (small) and my partner, chicken kofte, his with rice, mine with chips and salad. My small kebab had about 5 pieces of chicken which was quite tasty, and the kofte on two large skewers. Chips were deep fried but nice, salad was salad.....bill came to £21. Decor was quite dated but the Turkish background music gave this place some atmosphere. Ok dinner, probably won't return for a sit down meal and there are other takeaways just as good in welling. 
OK, I know it was the first day back after lockdown and everything looked the same, and same staff and great service as ever - until we saw the menu! Youngs have taken an extremely successful menu, which had some perennial favourites and changed it to a pretty everyday pub food menu. The food was nice enough, it just lacked the finesse and extra layers of flavour that were there before. Unfortunately we were totally underwhelmed, as were several other customers around us. 
My partner chose to take me to Humphreys, to celebrate my birthday.  
I am a regular at The Crown and would always have given them 5/5. This was the first Saturday they were open after Covid but having been to other local establishments since Covid this experience unfortunately wasn't so good. I tried to book an outside table from 5pm till 8pm. I was allocated till 7pm. In the notes I asked for outside. One of my friends is anxious about being indoors so I went to check and they had given us an inside table. Not a problem it was a few days before so they were happy to amend and said they could then accommodate us till 1930. At 1900 they came round politely to say they would need thr table back in 10/15 minutes. I mentioned that I had been told 1930. They said it was for a thorough clean. I think if this is the case they had plenty of opportunity to let you know when you book. It was a wet evening so would have been interesting to see how busy the garden was when it chucked it down particularly in the smoking area. We went to The Rising Sun where the experience was much better. 
The pub has a nice ambience and very good service. My business colleague, and I, opted for a roast turkey lunch, which was disappointing. 
Went there about 6 moths ago, restaurant very small, was seated out the back, near the toilet, not the best place to be seated, food was average. 
Eaten at several Iguanas around the UK so I knew what to expect. The restaurant is nicely set out and as you would expect very clean. A small bar area where you can choose to sit and eat snacks rather than go for a full meal. 
Visited around lunch time and the resturant was empty but it was during the week so it must get busy later in the evening.  
5 stars for venue, - beautiful place 
we were seated early one Saturday evening. the staff seemed in a rush to get rid of us from the onset. We were told when we booked that we could have the table for at least 2 hours. in fact I was told several times what time the next booking was for my table, and so I was well aware that we were restricted but never thought for a minute that a waiter would stand beside me for most of my meal. At no stage was I or anyone at my table offered another drink or coffee but 2 menus were hastily placed on the table for us to order desserts. The staff were not attentive enough, and did not know the menu well, some of the dishes came with rice but this is not made clear on the menu. We did ask but were unfortunately misinformed and ended up with loads of rice left over. when I quietly pointed this out I was not best amused when the waiter raised his voice at me. 
We were staying in the area and we walked past Saturday evening whilst shopping in the outlet. Asked for a table, had to be checked as we were a walk in although the place was half empty. Drinks were very slow to arrive although we got cocktails so I don't know if we were just in the queue to be made, kids squashes weren't good, thankfully waiter took them off the bill without prompting. Food wasn't the fastest either and our mains arrive before the appetiser we ordered "whilst we were waiting", we sent it back without issue. Our waiter was fantastic, looked after us even if he seemed to be hassled by a large party taking all his spare time up. Food was delicious, very filling and we all enjoyed it when it arrived. 
It’s not the best place but it’s nice place to drink some cocktails and the food was good enough, a little bit slow service  
Good welcome with polite staff throughout. We waited over 25 minutes in the bar after ordering drinks before they arrived. The complementary canapés that were promised with them failed to materialise. The bar area is sterile - rather like a conference breakout room or waiting area. There were so many staff around that the uncomfortable delay for our drinks could never thereby be explained.  
It is the first time that I’d been to London Designer Outlet, Wembley Pk stadium. Parking in the red car park is the closest to the parade. It brings you onto the playground area entrance. However, make sure you leave by 9 pm because the fee goes up to £20!!  
Nice latin options on the menu, and great decor. i liked the high ceiling and ample seating area. Very wide selection of drinks and cocktails. 
Had a nice lunch here before getting in tube to see a show in the west end, bice pasta and chicken , drinks a bit pricey though.  
Menu looked fantastic lots to go for. We has a nacho starter that took ages to come when it came it was the smallest bowl I had ever seen. It was not worth it. Mains are good but again on the small side. Drinks took forever to come, we went on a Saturday afternoon not many in so do not understand why service was so bad. 
I hadn't been here for a while and it's usually a lovely experience. On this occasion though I was really disappointed. The restaurant is quite small but very beautifully done. On this evening though, part of it looked a bit like a creche and then the other part of it was full of a group of very drunk, very loud "ladies". The staff tried their best, but as it is a popular place there was no alternative seating or not much they could do. The food was nice, but I would definitely think twice about going here again. 
Lovely food; great place for couples or small groups... 
Staying close by we visited Las Iguanas on our first night in London, solely based on good Tripadvisor reviews. The food generally lived up to expectations but while the lady serving us seemed to be doing her best, overall the service was appalling. We waited 25 minutes before we were able to give our order, another 15 minutes to get our starters and we were there an hour and ten minutes before our main courses arrived. Worse was our drinks order. We ordered two cocktails on arrival and were informed ten minutes later they were unavailable. We ordered a different cocktail that looked and tasted like a glass of fruit juice with no adornments or pizzazz, something which might reasonably be expected for a price of £10.95. We also ordered a bottle of wine that never arrived. When our empty starter dishes were collected – as we had longed finished our cocktails – we asked as to its whereabouts. The waitress came back five minutes later to say that wine was unavailable so we ordered another. This never came either and we queried this when our main courses arrived – this was 70 minutes after we had been seated – whereupon it was fetched from the bar. 
The venue and service here are generally good with attentive staff. The food is above average but hit-and-miss. Our waiter misinformed us that we could choose dishes from both the a la carte and set menus; the head waiter later came to tell us that wasn't the case. 
Visited this place on a match day. 
Food was good, service wasn’t entirely great. In fact, after been ignored for close on 10-15 minutes, we were just about to walk out. Once we were seated however, the rest of the evening ended up being enjoyable.  
Service was a bit slow, waitress spilt a large drink over the table and got a few of us wet! 
Reasonable food, reasonable price. I ordered crab with avocado, it was smothered in Marie Rose sauce , hard to distinguish from prawn cocktail . Ordered rare sirloin to follow, this was tepid, don't bother with the zucchini, they are breadcrumbed and fried! The restaurant is popular and busy , great to see for an independent restaurant, I however will not be back. 
We tried Northwood Piazza having looked at the glowing reviews. It's really busy, the service is excellent and the pricing is quite keen. However, we all thought he food bordered on the average hence the rating. 
This is a very busy restaurant, food is ok, although personally I have had to stick with the same dish 'Kicking Chicken' on each of my four visits as only one I could find without dairy/mustard. Service is good but there is normally quite a wait to get a table (can't book on match days). For the Liverpool game we waited 90mins!  
Was a nice meal, chicken wings excellent, but blue cheese burger was so strongly flavoured that I could only eat half of it (not good). Service good. 
Turtle bay is always a favourite of mine when it comes to their cocktails but honestly not a big fan of their food! This is just my opinion and not sure if its because am Caribbean and confused when I saw mayo served with jerk chicken lool but that's just me. Although their sweet potatoe fries and sorbet ain't bad 
We were a group of 8 and we chose this venue to celebrate a special occasion with afternoon tea because of its lovely setting. The venue itself is beautiful and the staff at the front desk were very attentive. We were sat a lovely table in the restaurant. The sandwiches and scones were out of this world, but sadly the staff at the restaurant seemed a bit out of focus; we had to wait for over 30 mins for preserves and clotted cream even after 2 reminders! One of the guests was refilled the wrong tea and she wasn't very pleased about it. Sadly an average experience for us. 
For those who get used to bad cusine in UK it might taste fine . But in reality it is not. Almost 20pounds for so called fahitas...well precooked (brought it 3min), warmed up hard to chew pieces of meat... Wont recommend to anyone. Desert - muffin with caramel was ok. Nothing special though... besides food - little people on sunday night, quick service. Nice waiter.  
As we had business just down the road we decided to eat here. It was not busy (4.45pm) only 2 other tables were taken. My hotdog and my wife's chicken burger were ok, as were the chips, we did enjoy our milkshakes. The place just lacked any atmosphere! Four staff were working and were not acknowledging each other, there seemed to be a situation between them. 
we had a walk from windsor to eton colledge and back. on the way back my son was hungry so we were looking for a nice place to eat. Flaming cow looked attractive, so we went in. Music was loud but ok as my son loves eminem and similar music. ordered rack of ribs and chicken wings to share with for my 11 y.o. son. Neither him or me couldnt eat chicken wings as there SO spicy.. i should have order burger but was too late. After Flaming Cow we went somewhere else to eat. Tip If you dont like spicy food- go somewhere else. 
I ate in here last weekend with friends. I have lived in Ruislip for 5 years and I've never eaten in here so I was very excited to try it. The atmosphere and the attentive staff were what impressed me the most. The staff were very accommodating and friendly. In my opinion the food wasn't anything to write home about, nor was the pudding. I had the cheesecake which was distinctly average. That said, I'd still go back again for the wine and the atmosphere.  
Lovely gastro pub popular with locals. The food isnt bad but then its not very good. I had a starter mezze which was just about ok but made me yearn for a middle eastern cafe. nothing wrong with it but it was a bit bland and the amount of bread supplied was good for a gerbil. My green curry was pleasant but not as good as I remembered and the portion was a bit small. Having a sweet tooth I could not resist a chocolate brownie but wish i has as it was truly bland. I never understand why pubs serve such fare as I can knock out a brownie which is 3 times better in mins. This restaurant feels increasingly mechanical 
We had a nice table for 4 & expectations were high. The food was very good but not so good you'd want to rush back. Portions are on the small side as expected, everything was fresh but not exceptional given the Chef & high prices. We just felt we'd all had better elsewhere so, overall not great value for money. 
The pub is nice. But the food is average. My chips were oily and I left all of the.  
This visit was a belated birthday treat for one of my gym buddies. We booked our Friday night meal so we wouldn't have to wait to be seated, it gets quite busy on a Friday night so we were told. We were greeted by a cheerful young man who immediately took us to our booked table. One of our party was running late so we wasted no time in ordering our two for one, Happy Hour cocktails before the 7pm shut off point.  
This was probably 3.5 stars as it was a bit better than average and the concept was good. The menu had good choice and some of the dishes were really nice but they struggled to keep consistent quality of food and service. With a bit extra effort I think this place could do really well amongst the young crowd because there isn’t much around like this. 
Went here for a date on a hot summers day. First positive I can say is that the venue was quite cool as the air conditioning was nice. This was good since the temp outside was about 24 degrees.  
Interesting menu with an array of tastes and cuisines under the category "South American" - including Mexican, Brazilian... 
The food is ok, the service is ok and the atmosphere is good. 
My Mum comes up to stay on occasions and we picked this pub following the blinding reviews as live near by. We went for Sunday lunch. My Mum choose the pork and couldn't fault it and a dessert, sorry can't remember the name but she thoroughly enjoyed it and said 1 of the best desserts she had ever tasted, I ordered the rare beef and was so disappointed left probably 3 slices as so chewy and a chore to chew, left on plate. Did advise waiting staff who was lovely & was happy I advised before posting this review. I do realise depends on meat quality at the time and the chef, so maybe a 1 off so keep an open mind 
Our group of 5 had mixed views of our meals here.  
This used to be a good foodie pub but the standard of cooking and food quality has slipped. My last two meals have been very average at best. This is a shame as it is lovely pub with a nice atmosphere. 
Eat here today for the first time. Had the jerk chicken breast with fries as I didn’t fancy their rice options.  
While the service was excellent and there were attentive, I thought the dishes quite minimalist and over priced. It was good though.  
I always try to be honest with my reviews and whilst we cannot fault the food, the service we received on Saturday 22nd July between 4:15-7pm (long time for a quick meal! I mention this as I see you ask others to follow up with dates and times in an email) was pretty much appalling.  
Sorry but soggy chips and a flavourless burger no matter how much you give me (big portions) it doesn't make it better. Could be so much more as the restaurant itself is cool, retro American style with a cool menu!  
The food is excellent at flaming cow however the smell of the place is horrendous - the ventilation is obviously poor as your clothes, jackets and hair will smell like this place for hours and it’s not nice. The service is also a bit average we were left with plates on our table for over 25 minutes then had to request the bill - I would suggest to get as deliveroo!  
Very regular visitors to Windsor and Eton and decided to try Flaming Cow today. I ordered the bacon burger at £9 and an americano at £2 and my wife had fish taco's £8.50 and a latte £2.40. The server tried to get me to upgrade my burger to the days special and only when I asked did he tell me it was £12.50. The coffee's are very small and they were both lukewarm , not very nice. My burger arrived served in the middle of a basket and that was it. I really expected fries as you do, my server failed to tell me you had to order and pay extra for fries. The burger was very good but at £9 I would expect fries. My wife enjoyed her taco's spicy and tasty. The place is OK but not special enough for the prices they charge and the choice available nearby 
We arrived at the restaurant,five of us. We were welcomed at the door and our temperature was taken to make sure we don't carry Covid 19. 
Been to this place a few times, most local business people don't mind coming here for a neutral but quite nice meal or drink as its better than most of the other places. The food is Mexican and quite palatable, not out of this world but quite tasty and comes pretty quick, decent portion size. the music is lively and quite loud so not one for a quiet night in, its a pretty young and diverse crowd too. Its average cost wise, maybe a little on the expensive side. Nice upbeat décor too 
We live local and can walk to Stoke Park. It's such a beautiful place to have a drink especially in the sun. After attending a great day at Boodles tennis I met my husband for dinner for 7:30 - arrived at restaurant 7:20 and asked if ok to have drinks on the terrace - waiter very pleasent and said would come and take an order. 15 mins later no drinks order taken so we went back inside to our table. The dining room is very nice but the service needs refining - wine when pouring was dropped down the bottle on to table and left with drips on outside of the glass - not great to pick up when wearing white. Staff are pleasent but we had to call across to obtain more butter, ask for wine to be poured in glasses. There was a lot of reaching across instead of walking round to serve. It was also disappointing that only a set menu of 3 courses £68 per person or a tasting menu over £100was available which was a bit limiting. Our bill came to 2 
About 11 of us visited as a party of colleagues for lunch. It was midweek and no events on in the stadium or arena. Only saw 2 staff on the floor and 1 in the kitchen but the restaurant was to the most part empty. Lots of things appeared to be out of stock on the menu. Not sure if just unlucky choices but you'd expect them to at least have beef patties available for burgers. This was middle of the week so even after a busy weekend beforehand you'd expect a new delivery would be in of fresh items unless it's all just frozen and a one delivery a week type of place. Very varied menu which probably caused the longer wait for meals to come out as everyone seemed to have different. Credit to the cook as he managed to get all the meals out at the same time and all were nice and warm still. Our drinks took a good 10 minutes to arrive and we had already been sat for some time before we had our order taken. We arrived just after 12:30 and left just after 2 so an hour and a half for a one course meal. It's a chain restaurant and I'm sure all the food was exactly how it should have been served. Nothing amazing but all diners were happy. Not sure I like the happy hour deal on cocktails as you have to get 2 of the same drink on the buy one get one free offer. And for what seems like premix and juice from concentrate cocktails at £9.95 each they are a bit steep for what they are unless you are making the most of the free 2nd one. Shame they had to be served together rather than a 2nd fresh one taken to the table a short while later. Made for a watery second drink for those unable to find someone wanting to share the same drinks with. I can imagine on an event day they have a huge amount of staff in and perhaps it would allow them to turn tables quicker. But if you are on a tight timescale for a business lunch I'd definitely make the staff aware so they can advise you best on the day. We did book, however we really didn't need to for our midweek lunch as the restaurant was very quiet and the bar area was empty throughout our meal. Main meals were about £12-15 for all of our party. And cocktails £9.95 (during happy hours they were buy one get one free). Soft drinks between £2.50 for coke etc and £5 for non alcoholic cocktails.  
Went here last year wit the family. Great kids meals. we ordered the nachos with chicken, enchiladas and tacos and it all tasted the same. Maybe they need to improve their variety of flavours.. 
We are regular visitors to the Crown and are always happy with the quality of the food. We had an early evening meal there on 20 Feb 19 and service was very slow, even though the restaurant was virtually empty. Waited 15 mins before our order was taken and even then had to go up to the bar to ask staff to take our order. Very long wait for food to arrive, too, and again, had to chase it up. Disappointing staff that night - disinterested,too much time spent chatting to other staff and slow - not acceptable 
Staff where friendly and service was very good. Had the sweetcorn fritters which were ok, not amazing, followed by a salmon curry which again was ok but didn't blow me away. 
Only went there for drinks  
I've never seen the fuss about Las Iguanas. The cocktails are tasty and great if you can get in there at happy hour, but I've consistently found the food at all Las Iguanas restaurants a bit underwhelming, like you could make them at home yourself. 
Firstly the ambiance is excellent. The service was good but the food was between good and average. We were four and my party were good company so I may not have scored so highly if I had been a lone diner. The Mushroom starter was excellent the Bruschetta good but over priced and of the main meals the King Prawns and Sea Bass were said to be good, but the Pasta Carbonara and Veal Milanese were dissapointing. The pasta evidently was hard as were the bacon pieces. Although being advertised as Veal, it was either a tough piece or pork, but either way just about edible. Maybe it is me, after years of enjoying a good standard of food in Italian Restaurants, it seems to me that the standards generally, compared to other cuisines, has slipped whilst prices remain high for some of their basic ingredient dishes. 
My preferred cuisine after asian food is Mexican so i generally love going to las iguanas. I have been to many of its few restaurants located across the country. Service is ok, only on one occasion this man was really rude in the Wembley branch. Apart from that i haven't ever had any issues when visiting. My favourite is their chicken fajitas and curly fries. Flaming bird is my 2nd choice. I have basically tried everything on the menu that doesn't contain pork. They have 2 for 1 on selected cocktails/mocktails. On average your spend is about 25 -30 if you are skipping starters and dessert. The portions are huge i think so just a main alone is enough.  
We ate here (party of 3) on 22nd July, around 14:00 
I visited this restaurant around 4 years ago with a friend, and it was great. After promising to go again with my Husband, I visited again this week. I had the curry goat, curry fat would be a better description  
This was our second visit to this restaurant on a very cold day and it was very cold and we asked twice to put all the heating on.. Service very slow and restaurant was only half full. Drinks served quickly very meals slow. I was there for 1hour before I got anything to eat. Potentually good menu but hearing and lack of enough staff spolt it. 
A group of 6 of us went to visit here for a birthday meal. Chupitos was chosen after reading reviews and checking the menu. The interior is well kept with a fairly nice vibe, tables are slightly crammed in with not a huge amount of space on tables. We were surprised to see the restaurant fill up, even though there were only 3 members of staff on the floor, the service was at a reasonable pace, although stretched.  
A Bar cum Night club experience at a affordable price. its like a indian night club who does live DJ and music with indian food served as buffet. Very lively atmosphere. Defo a place to visit once 
This place was fantastic with great food and atmosphere. It had traditional music and lovely food. However now the place is run down, has plenty of fights and looks sorry for itself. Shame really.  
My daughter booked this restaurant due to rave reviews from her friend. 
Friendly staff, small and busy atmosphere, music a tad loud (but great tracks). Ordered some 'adult' milkshakes - nothing kinky, they just came with booze. And mine was most excellent, Jack Daniels with vanilla ice cream and salted caramel though could do with being a little thicker. My girlfriend was less impressed with her "Jaffashake" which was too heavy. 
I went to zaza with my mum for mothers day, at the time there appeared to be only one waitress taking orders but there were many other staff in the bar area. The food was lovely, i couldnt finnish mine. We both ordered creme brulee for dessert, when they came out i noticed my mums was a hell of a lot bigger than mine even tho id be paying the same for each pudding, was not impressed! Also asked for amaretto and was served what tasted like a much much cheaper version that didnt taste that nice. Overall the meal was nice tho if a little pricey 
Our annual Odd Squad cycling club dinner tonight was at The Crown. They quite late sitting us down to eat. Our table was booked for 8.30, but wasn’t free until about 9.20 that we were led to our table. We’d arrived at 7.30 for drinks, so it really did feel as if we were hanging around for a very long time....not good. We had exactly the same experience at The Crown last Christmas.  
food is not great but the dancing was, bunch of friends danced to the tunes untill late, good night overall, good fun & masti if you are not bothered about the food. 
We were really excited about visiting the flaming cow as we had heard so many good things. Upon arrival, the restaurant is on the small side and the waitress failed to notice us for a good ten minutes. We had to wait for a table which we were fine with. However, upon sitting down (this was a random Wednesday evening) we had to wait thirty minutes before anyone came to order food. I kept trying to wave at waiters to grab their attention but it felt that we were being ignored. I made it known to the waitress at the end that we weren't happy with the wait time and the manager came over and had a chat with us and asked for feedback of which we gave. Great venue with some lovely burgers but wth the awful wait time I don't think we will be rushing back in a hurry.  
Was OK but these restaurants are all over serving the same things and are not authentic . It s not bad but not really Italian . 
The pub is definitely as busy as the reviews suggest, very loud wouldn't recommend for a quiet lunch. We all opted for the Sunday roast, with one of us opting for the beef which was a £2 surcharge. Couldn't understand why there was a surcharge for the beef. However both the beef and the lamb were wonderfully tender, however the lack of choice in vegetables really let it down. We got a tray to share between 4 which contained red cabbage, swede and green cabbage. You also got roast potatoes and a parsnip on each plate. A very average roast dinner. 
A party of ten of us went on a Sunday evening and had a good experience. The restaurant is a very old large building with homely interior complete with stone floor. It also has two levels. You sit comfortably not too close to other tables so it feels like you have lots of room. It's not noisy especially where we sat downstairs. 
Reviews about booking issues appear consistent. I booked via open table and received an email reservation, but my name was not on their list. As we were early in evening there was a spare table. The restaurant was packed by the time I left which is a good sign. 
Flaming Cow has mostly burgers on the their menu and they are prepared competently. The interior is plain and utilitarian which probably is just fine with student diners. 
We went on a sunday afternoon and it was fairly busy. We waited 15 minutes to have our orders taken, and the food took a long time to come. The servers where polite and spent time talking to the customers but sometimes it was to much especially if you where waiting for them. The food is of decent quality but not particularly well prepared, for example my dish was burnt round the edges. Price wise it isn't bad at all. 
Went here for Sunday lunch with friends. Very friendly staff and a great atmosphere. Felt like a nice local place. Service was very slow though. Food was ok. Loved my starter and the meat with my main was tender but I have never had a roast without any roast potatoes, just a couple of new ones. 
The food is nice here, however I ordered a few drinks, 20mins past, no drinks. Turns out the man i ordered from went on break, rather than sort out the rounc for me. One of glasses used for a pitcher was dirty and smelt bad.  
This has become one of my 'go to places'.I live in W3 but if i am taking people out I usually come here...have never had a bad meal...know their menu and wines...makes for a very pleasant visit.. 
After reading the reviews for this place we had really high hopes this place was going to be amazing. Sadly the food was just about average. We ate from the tapas menu hoping it would remind us of our holiday in Spain. I don’t think I’ll be going back. Service was nice. Interior was nice. Nothing to complain about there just very average food. Nothing special.  
I used to love this place but was disappointed with most recent visit to realise the halal menu was chopped, only chicken is halal. 
Good atmosphere with nice music. Nice food but the main dish of aubergine and pumpkin curry (vegetarian) was such a small portion fro £10. Not satisfied!! 
One of the cheapest destination in Wembley Central for enjoying your night out. Have been here many times with family and friends to enjoy DJ and Punjabi Dhol. 
Ok food, arranged flowers for my partner on her Birthday which was nice. 
I went to Flaming Cow on Saturday with my family for a casual lunch. Casual it was, canteen type lay out. Service was good, friendly and pretty efficient. The food was ok, not amazing but edible for a burger bar. The problem that 'flaming' cow has it is literally flaming! The ventilation for the open kitchen was terrible, our eyes were burning from the smoke and the smell of our clothes and hair when we left was awful. I would not go back due to this problem. 
Portions sizes seem smaller in comparison to other Las Iguanas... ordered the spicy chicken enchilada and it came out in a tiny plate :/ Nevertheless, I made use of the 2 for 1 tropical cooler offer which was refreshing. 
They were able to handle the large group I was with for a birthday, The food was good and I also liked the cocktails. 
It has taken me a while to review this restaurant because it was so ... ordinary. Everything was underwhelming inoffensive ... Is it just me that finds this chain so very dull? 
I love ZaZa's. It's my favourite restaurant so leaving a review with negative comments is painful!  
I really love Las Iguanas. It is one of my favourite places to eat in Manchester, so after arriving in London Friday evening we jumped on the tube to Wembley for dinner. We got a table straight away, which was good for a Friday evening, however the chairs were not the best especially as my friend I was with is 8 months pregnant. The drinks took quite awhile to arrive and when they did the table we were on was made out of little slab like tiles so the drinks wobbled around on the table a lot, not very practicable. Food came out quickly after that which was all very good. I had the Argentina burger, husband had the coconut chicken, my friends had the chicken nachos and chicken burrito. Also shared a side of the honey peri peri chicken wings, which were very tasty. When we got the bill they automatically added a 12.5% optional service charge. I really dislike this as none of the other restaurants I visited in London did this and also las iguanas in Manchester do not do this. And if they do add it, it's normally because it's for a big table, and there were only 4 of us. As we were not happy with the service in general we did not want to pay 12.5%, only 10%, which we then heard them complaining about as we walked out. Overall food was very good, but don't expect good service. 
Have attended many wine matching dinners that are always enjoyable and good value. Otherwise, the standar menu offers a range of dishes well cooked and caatering for a range of tastes, especially belly pork dishes. 
A family member had been to Friends several times and thought it would be lovely to book In advance our annual xmas getogether. They called and made sure we good have the festive set menu. We arrived really excited about our evening we all had secret santa and really looking forward to our evening. This is where it became awkward for us as we were refused the festive set menu. The waitress said that we could not have and we asked for this to be checked. We asked for the manager who then said they had spoken to us to confirm but could not let us that evening. This was so uncomfortable for us all. We then asked for the owner who offered no apology but said we could have the festive menu. This all took some time and we were left waiting for even a drink. The food was very nice but I have to say I left feeling slightly hungry. Unfortunately we did not find it welcoming or customer friendly. We exchanged our presents and went onto somewhere with more xmas spirit. I would not return or reccomend.  
With a No.1 spot and having read all the positive reviews on tripadvisor, I had high expectations for Zaza Ruislip. I visited with a friend for lunch and the restaurant was fairly busy. The restaurant had a nice atmosphere and was nicely decorated. I opted for the meatball pasta (fettucine con polpette) and my friend also opted for a another different pasta. The food was presented nicely, however was hugely let down by the taste. My meatball pasta was particularly salty and my friend was not impressed with her pasta either. We both left our meals half eaten...if that. We didn't mention it to the waiters but probably should have done. Maybe we visited on a bad day..... 
As Zaza in Rickmansworth has long been a favourite restaurant of mine, catering brilliantly for my gluten-free diet in a great atmosphere, and I have also always enjoyed my meals in the Bushey branch, I was looking forward to trying the Ruislip branch. Unfortunately I was very disappointed. 
Had an appalling experience at the Rickmansworth branch but decided to see if the Ruislip outlet could be better. Arrived at 3pm on a Saturday, so very quiet. Staff smartly attentive and polite - Rickmansworth take note. Starters, bread plus fried pasta parcels freshly cooked,not dried out and hit the spot. Steaks for mains,medium rare and very tender (Ricky take note again) Sadly the peppercorn sauce lacked bite, tasting of cornflour, colouring and with a few peppercorns thrown in to comply with trade descriptions - shame as easy 2 make. 2 starters,2 mains , a beer and a bottle of wine came to £74 so dubious value for money even by chain standards. Think your average gastropub would score at this price point as they're not tied to 3663 or the other frozen food assassins. Verdict : if you like homogeneous chain food this place has style, on a par with Cafe Rouge across the road in fact but I,ll stick to independent outlets not run for the benefit of accountants.  
Having been to masti several times now, i am more than convinced now that there bar drinks are diluted. I thought it was my taste buds at first, but trust me you can not taste any alcohol in their drinks. So please buy your shots/drinks neat and top with your own soft drinks. 
Popped in for a burger .... all ok .... would go again ...probably a bit too much money for too little food... nothing noteworthy or extraordinary...... 
The courses were not as delicate any more. The bread rolls were dry. The beetroot starter was nice, but the duck pieces were dense and very thick. The portion of chicken liver far too big, ravioli was very oily and all the mains had a lot of sauces and purees that lacked specific tastes. The creme brulee had a solid crust which was difficult to tap open. It also had a burnt taste. Sorry "Friends", our group of 6 was disappointed. 
We decide to try the restaurant Zaza as it was local to us and the reviews were promising. Unfortunately despite the lovely interior and the service being quite good the food left a lot to be desired. With a hefty bill for average food I'm afraid we will not be returning. 
We booked a table here for my fiance for his birthday.  
The service was good and the food was nice. The lunch serve size was adequate. Any smaller and I would have been still hungry. The bill came and the total was bolded and more than I expected it to be. There was a 'service fee' added, which I just assumed was a fee I missed when looking at the price, however after leaving I found out that it was an optional service charge. I dont like the automatically including a tip like this. If I like the service and the food, Ill tip - however I feel kinda duped by this type of billing, as it was presented as a fee and didnt look like an option, but a mandatory. 
I'll start with the negative as I've never been a fan of the food here. However, there cocktails during their happy hour are great. The staff at this branch are really friendly and efficient.  
Loud techno-music, decent burgers and fries. Every time I've been here, it's been Eton parents taking their sons out for a quick meal and twenty-somethings. Their "hardshakes" -- milkshakes with a shot of different liqueurs -- are fun. 
I've been to this Las Iguanas a few times and have been pleasantly surprised with the food quality and quantity every time. 
I visited flaming cow to try their burgers in Windsor. A Small restaurant 10 minutes’ walk from Windsor Castle, just on the riverside by the bridge that divides Windsor from Eton. A nice location good view of the river as you cross the bridge. Ideal place for a quick meal, with friends or family. Not a place if you are a big eater. Expensive for their portion but Hey you in Windsor so you pay for the area to not only for what you eat. 
Our booking was at 7:30. Excitedly we hadn’t eaten all afternoon. We ordered promptly but our Starters were disappointingly late. The soft shell crab was over cooked and fried. The main course food was delicious but arrived so late out we didn’t get to savour the dishes but we actually had less than 30 minutes to eat under the new curfew rules and rushed our meal.  
I ordered online to click and collect some lunch from here after hearing lots of good things about this place. The restaurant itself looks lovely (from what I could see of it from outside!) it's down a pretty little side lane/alley leading down to the riverfront and it has lots of outdoor seating. We had the Cochon Dirty ('slow-cooked BBQ pork belly with hand-cut triple cooked Cajun seasoned french fries'), and the Shrimp Po (a sandwich of Artisan Bread with lettuce, tomato, pickles & mayo). Also ordered was the chicken scratchings ('fried crispy chicken skins served with Louisiana hot sauce') to share, unfortunately, these were missing upon collection. Both of the mains were nice, it didn't keep particularly warm on the walk back which meant that I had soggy chips, but the pork belly and shrimp were nice. I rang to tell the restaurant that an item was missing from my order to try and get a refund or an item sent out to me, however, the man I spoke to on the phone struggled to understand me - I was eventually told I would need to ring back later to talk to the manager. I didn't think it was worth the hassle so I didn't bother with this. I had also contacted the restaurant on their Instagram page to see if I could use my 'Keep it Kingston' discount before I ordered but sadly they didn't get back to me in time, I now know for future orders though that there is a discount available! Despite the missing item/not the best communication, I would order from them again as they have lots of great-sounding items on the menu I'm keen to try! 
I thought this place was a reasonable restaurant until I visited. Unfortunately, it is just a fast food chain with tables. Seafood was over cooked and everything seemed to have batter. WHY!!! 
My decision to dine at Friends was based on the excellent reviews. Firstly I will say the food was almost entirely excellent. The only disappointment was the ravioli which was slightly watery and very salty in my opinion. 
Just in the area and looking for a good Turkish restaurant. 
First time customer after reading the reviews. I ordered the lamb achari, chicken tikka bhurna for mains. Both dishes had too much tomatoes therefore it was very acidic. The dishes lacked depth in flavour and needed a kick. The brinjal bhaji and saag paneer was good. I did get 20% off the bill however would have been gutted if I was charged full price for an average Indian takeaway. 
Visited for set lunch menu. The service was fine, however the food not so good. The starter of tikki and bhajia (onion Bhakti). - both had been over fried. The tikki was difficult to cut with the knife as the coating was so hard, the same with other. Sag panner was over spiced. Really disappointing after reading other reviews. 
Visited this restaurant after reading some of the reviews unfortunately we were disappointed both with value and quality.The vegetarian menu is limited so we ordered items from side order section .The starter was poor value 4 pieces of Bajia for £14 .We found the food very hot ( chilli) 
Despite lovely atmosphere and authentic decor we were slightly underwhelmed at the lack of flavour in some of the dishes from the limited menu. Staff were pleasant but somewhat slow, we acknowledge that it was busy as they were participating in the Eat out to Help out initiative but we were left waiting great lengths of time to be served. 
It's a nice pub, well decorated and food was ok. We just found the system of getting a table (our fault for not booking on a Sunday) a bit odd. It's kind of hover at the table of someone who looks like they might be finishing and pounce! Made me feel a bit uncomfortable really, but it seemed to be the culture. Not a reflection on the staff or service, but it might be beneficial to put a process in place so that those waiting for a table could sit at the bar and enjoy a drink with their name on a list? I'm not local to the area so not sure if this is just the way it works or if this was a particularly bad Sunday?! 
This was my fourth visit to the restaurant. The food and service were as always impeccable. I was dining with my sister and our 91 year old uncle. Sadly the restaurant decided to have a modern violinist playing, with backing track and amplifier, in a very small room with low ceilings. It was so loud it was impossible to have a conversation without shouting. I asked for the volume to be turned down. The couple next to the speaker left after one course. A table of six arrived and someone said ‘that’s not going to be going on all night is it?’ The response from management was to suggest we move to another table, upstairs. Check if the violinist is playing before booking again! 
The place feels dirty, with a mop and bucket near a table, the wait was long and the food was ok. The mac and cheese was bland, and the boo fries were pretty nasty. I don't like all the packaging that comes to the table including paper bag, and couldn't imagine coming here for an evening. It's a long wait for meh. 
Having read the menu and the reviews I booked us a table. I had high expectations but they were not met. It was busy and noisy. A great place to eat if you are in your 20's but the menu we were given bore no resemblance to the online menu (confirmed by a couple who came and left before ordering!) the burger I ordered was actually very tasty and well cooked and hubby enjoyed his buffalo wings. However, the house wine was disappointing, we couldn't get out quick enough. Staff were friendly and service was good despite the fact it was busy, but if you are past the days of acne I would give this one a miss! 
While I understand that the pandemic has changed things and that we must adjust our expectations, I feel that the restaurant has dropped it's standards way beyond what is acceptable. On the one hand, they serve you in take out boxes with wooden cutlery, presumably for hygene reasons (though I can't fathom why) and on the other, we were placed in a corner where the servers had to lean over us every 5 minutes to get to a cupboard next to us every 5 minutes. The food quality is also lower now -- and my "cocktail" was luke warm and just bad - and though the food wasn't terrible, the whole experience is a real let down, having visited regularly pre pandemic and having very different expectations. But the restairant was very busy, mostly with a younger crowd, so perhaps these changes are intentional. For me and my family, though, it's a real shame. 
So... where to start. My lamb curry was very good. Not as spicy as advertised, but tasty, well presented (as was everything), and generous quantities. All pretty expensive but then I'm from the Midlands.  
and i mean this with the greatest of respect. Flaming cow are to Mcdonalds what Nando's is to KFC.  
First let me get this straight: the food here is amazing. If you want a good burger, come here. Better than any chain burger restaurant (Byron, GBK etc).  
This really is a glorified Mcdonalds- with very nice burgers. But after waiting for 45 mins for our meal we then discovered our order had been misplaced so we then had to wait another 10 mins! Must admit the burger and hotdog were lovely when they both arrived- and we were only charged for our numerous drinks while we were waiting for our meal due to the mix up. It's a good place for a quick bite to eat with no frills and the food- after our little hiccup was very tasty. One portion of fries/coleslaw is enough for two. Enjoy! 
First time we visited, the service we recieved from Rashid was very good, however the Raki we ordered was awful..so after i took one sip we complained..and unlike most restaurants the restaurant manager said we could order something else but we would still have to pay for the raki which we returned regardless. The food was good but that one poor experience ruined the evening, they lost a potential long term customer just due to poor management. 
Was told we could only have burgers well done (which had I known in advance I would never have gone here) yet my Dad told me that it actually said on the menu you could request how you wanted them!? The chicken wings were even more overcooked than the burgers and the pizza fries (novel idea) while having plenty of cheese and pepperoni were fairly tasteless. One saving grace was the delicious banana milkshake. 
My first visit to Friends since the new chef took over was to the wine tasting evening. Although the food wasn't bad, I found it all too over complicated - too many ingredients and not enough definition. The matched wines were, frankly, lazy choices too - I'd have been happy to understand why the sommelier chose them but he never made an appearance anywhere near our table. 
We went as a family for the Fathers Day Buffet, that was good overall, with a nice selection of mains and side dishes, some of which I had t had before, so a learning experience. However, one of the party ordered from the Al a carte menu - a chicken dish and rice and had to wait 45 minutes for it, in spite of repeated questions asking where it was and at least 3 a couple of minutes. When questioned after the event, we were told that the peppers needed to be marinaded - really! This spoilt the day and will affect our choice as to whether we go there again. 
The main course took 50 minutes to arrive after a couple of poppadoms. On a positive note I asked for extra thin garlic bread and when it arrived it was perfect and just lovely. Unfortunately my gymkhana lamb chops that I ordered for the mains had a slimy outer texture and was so dry inside.Smacked of re-heated meat big time It lacked so much flavour from the first time I ordered the gymkhana lamb when the restaurant first opened. Despite the nice waiters I think I the chef needs a wake-up call to resume original standards 
Great steak, no fat, very nice bit of meat but very expensive. Service was very good, bread was lovely and waiter was prompt. 
Multiple visits, always OK , never amazing. This place has a monopoly on decent food on the high street, miles better than anything else nearby. But it’s just not that great. Staff always confused, maitre D always a bit stand off-ish, food decent with being that great. They are a fairly good neighbourhood restaurant with zero competition- fact is that you drive 4 / 5 miles and there’s miles more quality and choice. I’m sure they’ll do just fine as a business but I’m not spending anymore money here 
Went here for an evening meal for my husbands birthday. The food was really delicious and beautifully presented. However, the service was appalling.  
After hearing great reviews we decided to try this restaurant.  
We are glad to see how popular this pub has become but it was really noisy and though we had booked a table to eat in the bar area the service was very slow and we had to seek out the staff to place our order. All went well after that and the food is good but there was no attempt to recognise that our experience hadn’t been the best and things such as vomit outside the door leave a very negative impression.  
Brunch menu looked great. No more brunch though on Sundays, not sure about other days! After 4 of us asked about brunch, and another table doing the same, we were rather ungraciously provided with a limited brunch menu. The food turned out to be good, on the whole, but no de-caff coffee. The best thing about it was our waiter - enthusiastic, knowledgeable, friendly and funny (he didn’t give us the menu!). He is doing a great job and saved the day. 
We sat in the bar area for Sunday lunch. The bar service was good but the girl who bought our food to the table dumped the plates and then ran off without asking us if we needed anything else. We did want other sauces but no one available to ask so just tucked in. The roast was good and well presented but I thought the gravy was too salty and that the accompanying veg was bland. Puddings were ok but nothing special. We just thought that given all the great reviews we had read prior to visiting that the experience would be better.  
This is a lovely restaurant with good food the only problem is they need to adhere to finer details. It is a large restaurant and needs more heating in the colder months (visit in Nov) especially being so close to the river, because it was quiet cold in there. The food was very tasty and well presented but on cold plates. The staff are very friendly and did try to accommodate with the help of small heaters. 
This is about the third or fourth visit to Indian Zest - we have always been in parties of war and more before, and had no real problems with service and never felt rushed. 
went here on my birthday with my husband and toddler. it was our first time to try Latin American cuisine. it was unusually quiet at lunchtime-- when other restaurants normally gets long queues. we were actually given a choice to sit wherever we want. i was amazed with the interior--a very modern, unique, vibrant and colorful restaurant setup. we ordered unfamiliar dishes and all i could remember was how spicy all of them were. and they arrived in small portions-- or probably that's how they should be? i ordered a drink different from what i usually order-- arrived in a bottle and tasted like very sweet cough syrup. had to pour and mix loads of water but still can't get it to take the sweetness off. we had a fantastic server though-- but as he was the only one, we had to wait for awhile to get our order, drinks and the bill. i admire him though, even if he's on his own, he still found time to chat with us. a very nice lad. 
Booked for lunch and first time at this venue. Did not realise there was outdoor space so asked if there were any available tables to be told firmly "No". Whist having a drink outside a group of three "walk ins" were seated at available table. Found this quite bizarre and when asking another staff member he "found" space outside. Not a great start. The food is very "pubby" and the sharing platter adequate at best. Service was standard but nothing extraordinary. Sadly the proximity to the road (not their fault of course) had a major negative effect. The interior looked welcoming and I think better suited to an Autumn/Winter vibe. No reason at all to return. 
This was the first visit for and I was looking forward to the garlic prawns - they didn't disappoint. Unfortunately the service isn't the best. 5 girls having an evening and the food arrives when it arrives. 2 started arrived 5 minutes before the remaining 3. Ordered bread, ham & olives at the beginning the bread and olives came and well over 10 mins the ham arrives - not the best service. Also we wet early in the day to take a balloon a banner and table confetti as a surprise we asked the staff could they put it on our table and they refused! 2 of us has to arrive earlier than the others to do it ourselves spoiling our plan of pre dinner drinks - not at all hospitable in my opinion. 
We visited on a Saturday night and it was really busy. Our starters were taking forever to arrive but staff noticed *before* we complained and did everything they could to make up for it. So refreshing compared to most places! 
I went for an evening meal. Loads of parties of people and the room was so noisy it was hard to hold a conversation at times. The menu was good. The staff were friendly and competent. I had a steak and chips it was OK but for £25 I expected a lot more - the meat was tough (unusual for ribeye) the chips weren't crispy etc... Dinner for two with 1 cocktail and a caraffe of wine was £100. 
Food was average, same base used for different dishes. Quite disappointed with the food and extremely over priced. 
Visited on a busy Saturday afternoon with lots of people visiting before seeing Elton John at twickenham. We all enjoyed the good and service which was excellent. 
Because I'm a local I want to love this place, and I have brought many people here ...it's a fantastic location: you can see Kew gardens across the river if you are sat in their lovely courtyard!  
Chose the 'healthy' prawn and salad. Prawns - whilst king prawns - were completely ruined by over cooking, deep frying to the point they were hard and salty (and just the thought of them a day later makes me feel ill). The salad was basic (one tomato, cucumber and a sprinkling of onion. 
The food was nice but felt like a fast food place where everything was in a hurry...the music was far too loud and the general talking noise made having a conversation difficult 
Really enjoyed the food here and the atmosphere and ambience is very chilled and cosy. The Service was also efficient and staff polite. We had the nachos, chicken burrito, and sea bass. Although all the food was tasty we felt that they really need to be more generous with their portion sizes, the sea bass should be at least three times the size for the price they charge. I summary, we enjoyed the food but thought it was over priced and hence not value for money.  
Beautiful decor since refurbishment. 
Stopped here for a drink and sat outside the restaurant on a lovely summers evening. We were fortunate enough to catch the end of their happy hour drinks offer, the Tom Collins was delicious. I went back in to orders some more drinks but they never arrived. 
We've visited several times before and always had a lovely meal, so One One Four seemed like the obvious choice to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary.  
Not a bad Turkish restaurant, just not a great one. Average. It has a lot going for it: a good location beside the Thames, nice décor and comfortable furniture, pleasant staff including an especially charming and helpful waiter from Eastern Europe, a reasonable menu and a varied wine list. As a dinner entrée, three of us shared a truly delicious and generous cold mixed meze starter (£18.90) with a bottle of very drinkable Kavaklidere Cankaya white wine from Turkey (£28.50). Very pleasant. Sadly the standard them slipped a bit. The Mixed Shish of marinated cubes of chicken and lamb served with rice and mixed salad (£13,90) was pleasant without being exciting while the Kaburga of lamb spare ribs, charcoal grilled and served with rice and mixed salad (£14,50) seemed underdone and chewy, even for my wife who can strip meat off a bone faster than the Vashta Nerada in Doctor Who. So a pleasant, mixed and unexceptional experience overall. And that, after all, is what “average” is all about. 
Had a nice time, staff were very helpful and dealt with all enquiries efficiently. Food was great,recommend everyone to try all the starters! Cheese ice cube was lovely .  
Went with 5 friends for a birthday celebration thought that we would try out this new local restaurant!! The food was excellent and lovely cocktails too but felt that they tend to ram far too many people in such a small place not helped by very large tables taking up a lot of the area!! It was very busy and so of course noisy so did not really need loud music playing too as it was difficult to hear one another speak more subtle background music would have been nicer!! The staff too seemed to be very harassed and not at all friendly no real rapport with us at all so was no real atmosphere . Good food but would think twice about going back when there are much friendlier places in Welling!!!! 
Visiting before an event, we took advantage of the 2 for 1 on cocktails and ordered some olives which were very strange tasting. Chicken wings to start which were fairly average and mains of bahian chicken and xinxim. The mains were okay but nothing special. 
Ribs to start were very tasty, chilli main was nice but only just warm, in fact non of the food was piping hot at all. The Cosmo cocktail was lacking of any taste apart from a red sugary syrup. But, when the bill arrives watch out !! There isn't a "yes-no" option for you to add your own gratuity, it's already added to your bill at the % the wait staff have calculated. Our bill was £65 however when we looked, £7 had been already added. If I want to add a tip, I choose how much and it isn't pointed out to you. Naughty and a tad underhand Las Iguanas !!!!!!!!!! 
Have enjoyed a good Sunday lunch - reasonable value, generous portions and most of our food was very tasty. However, there is less seating in the bar area than before so it is very difficult to get a seat any time after 7pm (and apparently some tables in the bar area can be reserved) so rather disappointed that on several occasions we have given up and gone elsewhere rather than stand up squashed. Get the impression only diners are really wanted - be interesting to see when the novelty wears off whether locals stick to this pub or go to others more welcoming. 
I went there with a friend, the restaurant was completely empty. We both had chickenwings, they were perfectly grilled. The flavors of the whole meal was a bit boring though and the tomatoes didn’t taste very good, but in general I had worse meals, was expecting more tho. 
Spur of the moment visit on Saturday. Although generally very good, the chef special (pork vindaloo) was disappointing. Very sour and the pork was fatty and gristly. Not the normal Zest quality. It won’t stop us using Zest, but Wont be risking trying the chef special again, I got the impression that it was yesterday left-over pork! My wife’s meal was very good as always from the standard menu. 
Service was very polite and attentive but evening was spoilt by 4 out of 6 meals being served cold. Food was taken away and cooked from fresh and arrived hot and delicious but we all ate at different times, 2 had completely finished by the time ours arrived.which was not agreeable but necessary. As the vegetables were cold by the time our meals arrived we requested fresh. What left a very bad taste and a probability that we won't return is the fact we were only given a 10% discount and charged for the extra vegetables and tap water!. We left, paying over £90 a couple, feeling disappointed. 
I went in with high expectations as I’d heard some great reviews. Service was good, friendly and attentive staff. Food was just average, definitely not the best Indian food I’ve ever had. We were tucked away in a corner on our own so ambience wasn’t the best either. Most disappointingly no hot towel or lemon water to cleanse hands after the meal-the quintessential experience for an Indian restaurant! Sorry, won’t be back. 
Still feels a new pub. Great range of beer and wine and clean and comfortable for Mother’s Day. Food was very good if a little pricey but good customer service which is always appreciated. Babies/toddlers smacking the tables with utensils and young children running in and out of the pub takes the gloss away from the experience and makes you feel like you’re in a crèche. 
Friend Pete has been recommending this place for its original take on Indian cuisine so we decide to give it a go. Popular so needed booking and we were nat our table bang on time. Friendly service throughout. The starter of papadums etc was exceptional with different breads and lovely sauces - all with an original twist. From then on it was fairly formulaic though quite nice. My duck was a bit tough - doubt it had been rested and my wife's chicken which she assumed was on the bone(as it didn't say 'pieces' as on the menu) arrived in pieces. This was after I had asked about the long wait between starter and main course. I'm pretty sure they must have forgotten us and we got a complimentary beer - nice touch. Because of the wait I didn't really want to debate the on/off bone chicken with the nice waiter as we were pretty hungry by that time. 
Our first visit to Indian Zest and clearly this is a very popular local restaurant. The service was friendly and attentive, and we thought the restaurant was attractive and well spaced out/not too noisy. The food was a shade disappointing and could have been a lot better. For the price, I thought it was quite expensive and didn’t compare favourably with others in the area. 
Very busy ... very good service and food was well cooked and served well. 
First time visiting this local restaurant and was expecting great things. 
One would go to One One Four, in Teddington for its electric ambiance, décor and attention to details. It is the place to be seen, the "in Gin Bar" with its large variety of gins and unusual cocktails. The amuse bouche are succulent but are for a bird's stomach, the main course is delicious but you might find a piece of your duck under a tiny leaf and the vegetables cannot be shared!!! 
Visited this restaurant after reading the high reviews. It is my first experience of Turkish food in London and I had expected better food. It was ok overall but did not really feel fully authentic compared to Turkish food in other places I have tried abroad. The main course, consisting of grills, took forever to come... 
This restaurant is about 8 mins by car from Hampton Court and about the same distance from the Sunbury junction on the M3. Parking can be difficult even though there is a council owned car park next to the restaurant which has lovely decor in an old building where the tables are split between the rooms. The food was different and truly a delight. However, the service was slow, very slow and the manager/front of house seemed not to be helping out. I have no doubt they would have sold more beer and more wine had they been more 'on their toes'. However, we can all have an 'off night' and therefore I will visit again. 
Pros: Lovely old building, very quaint and cosy. Staff are very friendly and helpful. 
When you got to 114, a restaurant and gin bar in Teddington, always eat before you go. You go there for the buzz and to enjoy a cocktail or two. The food is delicious but there is very little of it. You would not find anywhere else such small slices of bread, the butter is non existent and the vegetables to accompany your duck are extremely limited.  
The food is excellent although bordering on nouvelle cuisines portion size.. wine excellent too. 
Sometimes it's kinder to say nothing. Suffice to say that neither couples who have been long time regular customers, will not be returning and we are hugely saddened by declining standards. 
Have been to this restaurant many times for dinner, but to be honest am getting really bored with the Veggie meals. The Veggie option especially always seems to be an after thought, uninspiring and tasteless. Please Please! remember there are a lot of vegetarians out there who dont always want bloody rissotto, one option isnt enough for a main give us some choice. Make something exciting the way you do with the meat dishes otherwise I don't think I will be returning. 
Been visiting here for years and always delighted but Saturday night was poor....service collapsed and food when it arrived was below standard. Complained and manager handled it well but nevertheless a poor evening  
Tried 7 different tapas dishes,some were pretty good but some were just okay. Slightly underwhelmed after reading such high praise on TripAdvisor. Service was good and the restaurant is nicely decorated. I will probably try this restaurant again but maybe order differently.  
Don’t get me wrong the food is lovely and staff are extremely welcoming the atmosphere of the restaurant is amazing but when paying a substantial amount for a small meal it’s questionable if the price is worth it. Sometimes paying more is fine but for portions small I don’t agree would go again if money reflected in portion size  
We visited Indian zest on a Saturday night. Resturant was busy and it had a nice atmosphere. The presentation of the place is lovely. Went a few years ago and had a good experience so returned for an occasion.  
Every Christmas my partner and I have a Christmas meal in Friends. We been visiting for 10 years and have had all sorts of celebratory meals over the years. 
We booked a table for 7pm, arrived at 6:45 and were shown straight to our table. The décor looked good, atmosphere was buzzing, and the menu looked interesting. The bang bang chicken I ordered for starter was lovely and the medallions of beef were very tender and delicious. However my friend chose the spicy crab starter which turned out to be a little mild and her fish stew was ok. Service was ok but they didn't get my husband's order exactly as he had requested it. When we are next in the area we will probably try somewhere else. 
Things are changing at Friends in Pinner.  
Ordered a old faithful, Lamb Bhuna. Thought cant go wrong. However the so called Bhuna was so sweet, I thought I was eating spaghetti bolognese. I was surprised to say the least, and a course disappointed. 
I’m not fat yeah but 2 Samosas isn’t enough for starters. Curry sauce was nice with my tikka masala (basic). Again I didn’t get much chicken but it turned out to be nice. Got offered a shot as well and that never came. The Cobras were the best part of the meal 
Sunday lunch for 4 adults 4 children aged 9-13. Lovely setting in the garden, however very busy. The roasts looked good, I had a salad. Generally the food was good but here are a few moans. Firstly a waitress knocked a glass of water over when delivering the veg, the slats in the wooden table meant the water poured straight onto my legs and feet. She was apologetic and cleared up as best she could. That's OK, accidents happen. Secondly, I had Eton Mess for dessert, this arrived and was better described as an ice cream sundae - there were no strawberries. I have googled 'Eton Mess' in case I was wrong but yes strawberries are pretty much the main ingredient. I asked the waiter and he said it was their take on an Eton Mess with raspberry coulis. Surely should be named or described better in the menu. Finally when our bill came we had been charged for over £20 of someone else's drinks, this was quickly taken off but I don't remember much in the way of an apology. SO a mixed review, and maybe they had run out of strawberries on Sunday and didn';t want to admit it? 
The food and service was average. The food presentation was lovely. There was no atmosphere as only 3 tables were full. Too expensive to pay just for food presentation. 
Overall a fair experience. Professional welcome to a clean if rather cool restaurant serving a so called modern European cuisine. 
We went for an anniversary meal on a Saturday evening and the food was up to its usual high standard, well presented and adequate sized portions. Slightly agree with some of the previous comments about the standard of service you would expect for such a place with a service charge. 
Just been for lunch (3 of us) 
Often come here for a pint or three during the week....used to get change for a pint if ale....but now....u stick it up by 20p and such a large head.....sad.... 
What a shame. I’ve been here a number of times before and really championed the food and service. Maybe it was an off day..... 
Didn't think value for money, didn't like most of the menu if honest, not good, not my style, really didn't enjoy!  
it is very nice but I was brought up with curry on a Friday night. this is for the curry gourmet. fairly expensive!  
Visited for lunch with four friends, I had high expectations based on previous reviews but sadly these were not experienced. The food was fine but the menu very limited, the house wine was dreadful thank god for the Albariño. The lemon dessert was lovely. Was disappointed and will not be rushing back. One of my friends has been regularly and has now eaten everything on the menu so it looks like they have a a strategy for customers not to return! 
We came as a party of eleven. Our little grandson was with us at the beginning before being picked up by his mother, so we asked for a poppadom for him to keep him happy. This has not been a problem in other restaurants we have visited but in this case we waited fifteen minutes by which time a plateful had arrived for everyone. The menu was quite limited, the food average, and expensive. Our friend who is in a wheelchair found access very difficult and exiting even more so. There was no help offered by the staff who were entirely disinterested. 
I used to love this place. I would recommend it to one and all. However Saturdays visit was disappointing, the waiter was annoying. The food was tasteless (shock horror for an Indian restaurant). And the beer seems to of been watered down. I don’t know what’s gone wrong with this place. Have they changed owners?! Or chef?! 
Have. been several times.It seems the price goes up and steak gets smaller.A very expensive venue. park Lane prices !!! Money not well spent here.Better places in area which are cheaper.This price is more reflection of what this restaurant thinks it is..but in fact doesnt warrant! 
Hard to review this place as it does nothing wrong but when everything is compared against the price its does not deliver value for money. If paying their prices I expect excellent service and more importantly excellent food but I don’t feel they deliver. 
This place has a load of potential but needs to decide if it’s a bar serving food or a dining experience serving drinks as it’s stuck in the middle at the moment. 
This is a very typical curry house. The decor is uninteresting. 
We had a table for 8. The waiters were attentive and the food was good. Very palatable. That's the good bit. 
Visited the other day are recommended the place is done up well friendly staff food was good let down by cash only overcharged and optional 12/5% tip added which I wasn’t going to pay but my wife didn’t want me to make a scene. I will put it down to a mishap because I think it’s worth another try it has a lot of pluses 
I went for a steak with another couple  
We booked a table just as a precaution as we assumed it wouldn't be that busy on a Thursday evening...we were wrong.  
Busy restaurant when we got there. Waited 30 mins to get our drink, which arrived at different times ( glass of wine and Fanta - not complicated order!). One starter finally arrived after 40 mins when queried where was the other one we were told they bought them out as they were cooked and the other was on the way in a few minutes. It turned up 15 mins later with our main meal! Sent main meal back until we were ready. Overall the food was delicious but the service was very poor. When you go out you want to feel spoilt not frustrated. Staff were friendly and very busy but not one of them apologised for the poor service. 
Indian zest is a restaurant located in the leafy suburbs of sunbury on thames, close to the river thames in greater london. We went here as a celebration of two birthdays. Let me first start with the positives. Service is very attentive and the place is clean, tables are nice and cutlery is nice. You do feel welcomed. 
It's a nice place but beware if you have coeliac disease. We clearly stated we required gluten free food. They brought us a plate of poppadoms and when we enquired about whether they were gluten free, the waiter said "the gluten free ones are on the bottom, below the other poppadoms on the plate". This went on with the main dish arriving, with a pretty decoration of another poppadom in the centre of the prawn curry. When I asked if this was gluten free, he lifted the poppadom out of the centre of the dish and said "yes it is now". 
We booked a table to celebrate my birthday and were happy with the quality and portion size of our meals. Unfortunately, our evening was spoilt by being asked to leave our table and sit at the bar almost as soon as we had finished eating our main course. We told the waitress we did not want to move as we had not yet ordered our desserts or coffees. On booking, we had not been told we had a time slot for our meal and it seems that other diners around us had been at their tables for longer. The waitress said we had a two hour slot but at this point we had only been at our table for 1 hr 25 mins. We declined to move as we did not want to sit at the bar as we hadn't finished our dinner. It's a shame this happened because we had been enjoying our evening until this point. Would like to go back and visit again but hate to feel rushed when out for a meal.  
It's a very busy central bar with tables around the edge. Their air conditioning is non existent which caused us to leave early.  
We went there on the 29/72016 we thought we would try it out being a new place ... nice place to eat loved the food but, over priced for the size of the portions you get i had the rack of lamb very tasty the meat but oh dear size of the veg four little bits of broccoli some little slices of courgette and one potatoe, the cost of this was 15 pounds so over priced.My partner had the paella which he loved and was more filling i think they need to serve up a side order with the main meals of just veg in with the price as i just found it priced like you would get in inner London so rounding up lovely place nice food just dont go there hungry. 
Great service staff are very friendly, naans are great the rest is mediocre. rather pricey for what you get. 
Three of us met up for an early Saturday evening meal - there's nothing wrong with the food and wine and the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome but somehow it didn't all come together for me.  
Went for lunch with a group of friends. Overheard a conversation explaning that the house wine was organic and could look consequently a slightly different colour to that expected. Do we need organic wine? I have survived perfectly well without to date! The food was good and well presented. There was some confusion upon delivery as to who had ordered what, but nothing too disastrous. When asked for a coffee menu, we were told it would be outlined on the main menu. It wasn’t, just one brand of coffee being offered. When asked what coffee that was, our server didn’t know and had to go away and ask When asked if the usual range of espresso, amercano etd were available, it was confirmed that they were. 
The Indian Zest restaurant is a nice restaurant in Sunbury - but I felt it was expensive. 
Phew - massive portions. Chorizo was chewy - nothing really very appetising at all. The acoustics are terrible making it a very noisy restaurant. The only nice dish was the rice balls. I recommend the world tapas not the so called Spanish tapas. Very anglicised and really not great. The staff that served us were very pleasant. The dishes were too big. Tapas should be small - not mahoosive. What would have been helpful was to have been asked had we been there before and explained the dishes were huge when we ordered lots of dishes. We were told afterwards. Terrible waste of food. Please visit el Pirata in Mayfair for some cooking inspiration.  
We came here for lunch and were starving. The food was good, but I feel expensive for what you get - a plate of chips, half a dozen small chicken goujons, some spring onions and 2 tiny sauce pots for about £16 does not represent good value. £3 for a can of pop - ditto.  
Popped by for a few drinks. Nice location in a passage way behind the river. Drinks and service all fine. However, not expecting to have to pay for service charge for a few drinks. 
Food here was very nice but service was slow and waiter spoke poor English. Order a take away from here, that way you get nice food without the service. 
We had perhaps built too high expectations of Friends having read a large amount of very positive reviews. Our belated Valentine's experience left us feeling somewhat underwhelmed.  
We had brunch for 8 today. Service was friendly but slow and the breakfasts were fine, but not special. The cocktails however, were lovely.  
Took our mother here for Mother day! The staff are nice and foods are brilliant and artistic! This place has a policy that you can't use your phone but they don't charge you for using your phone! Which is a good thing because then you can bond with your family and friends! It quite a small place! So Do book in hand to get a table! 
Visited here recently with friends. The staff were lovely and made us all feel very welcome. The starters (tapas) were delicious. However, the mains which consisted of paella and a bomba rice dish with meat were disappointing. Also, we had some irish coffees after the meal and were very shocked to find that they cost £7.50 each! If we were to ever visit again I think we would definitely just do the tapas and forget the mains while skipping the coffees. 
What can I say, it’s ok. Not the best steak I’ve ever eaten, not the best service I’ve ever received. A bit on the pricey side but a nice Evening all in all 
We went on a Friday evening and it was kind of crowded but not overly. It was fairly noisy and the choice of music wasn't great.  
Food was good.. tried a few different dishes and certainly rate it but the service let it down a little, had to remind waiter twice for drinks I ordered at the table and didn't even get a thank you or goodbye at the end. Overall rating average  
My rating would be 3.5 if available. I visited Poor Boys with friends, including teenagers, on a Saturday evening in July. It was very busy. We initially sat outside but as the evening got colder we moved inside. The manager was very accommodating in spite of the fact that we were causing inconvenience. 
We were a party of 8 ordering off the Xmas Menu. Overall service was attentive but unintrusive.... food was served at a good pace between courses. The only criticism we have was the over salting of most of the starters and mains... we hope that the chef takes note of this.  
Situated next to the lock at Ferry Quays Brendford this recently opened Turkish/Mediterranean restaurant offers a well appointed location with internal and outside seating a comprehensive menu with plenty of choice for Veggies, a reasonable London priced wine menu and well presented silver service and lovely white linen settings. 
Good average Turkish fare with plush modern surroundings. 
we have been gong here since it opened, and initially was amazing the best indian ever. however just lately its not been so good, even on a monday night when the restaurant was empty service was poor and we're hurried up to leave however cannot ever complain about the food it has always been good, just as shame about customer service, which in the past was 5 star we are local and was going regularly with friends but have stopped going due to the lack of customer service. such a shame 
I order a burger and i said i’m milk allergic and that i don’t want any sauce. They remove the cheese, what it is ok, but they leave the sauce, explaining me that the sauce hasn’t milk. Ok, but i said that don’t want the sauce. It is easy...isn’t it? 
I had not visited this restaurant before although I have lived in Sunbury for over a decade. The reason for this is the Shahin is just so good in terms of food quality. However it has become very expensive and so I tried this restuarant only to find the prices are comparable with the Shahin but both the food, location and service are no where near as good and the whole experience was very disappointing. 
Went with my son but i used to go here when it was a wine bar 25 years ago and not much changed really . Same layout , the food was ok but thought it was expensive for what we had. Wouldn’t rush back . 
This was our first visit to the Lara Grill, and came on a personal recommendation. It was my husbands birthday so thought as he likes a good Turkish grill this would be a nice way to celebrate. I booked a table which was a total waste of time as the tables are not reserved so we had to wait until a table was ready. Then when our table was ready, we were seated next to the toilets. Now who wants to have their birthday meal sat next to the toilets. On telling the manager his response was “everyone has booked a table”. Sorry not good enough. I personally was ready to leave however my family insisted we persevere. We ordered the Lara Feast. The bread and dips were lovely and the meats and rice cooked well. Another down point had lamb chops but no steak knife which was definitely needed. Waitresses were rushed off their feet so service was inconsistent however appreciated efforts and so rewarded with a tip. The Lara Grill has the potential to be really good but basic service let’s it down. Would I visit again. Maybe as a walk in (where in that case would be happy to sit anywhere) but for a special get together. Definitely NOT. 
Having eaten at the Leftbank before and loved it we booked for a relatives 82nd birthday. On the day a friend warned me that she had recently felt the quality wasn't as previously experienced. 
Excellent setting and service. Visited for family birthday. Thought buffet style would be great for variety of tastes but disappointed that there was no plain meat e.g. ham or prawns on the starters buffet. Everything was in sauce or a dressing which didn't suit our fussy eaters. Also the beef main was smothered in a mustard coating. Good if you like "made up" food and excellent veggie options. If you prefer plain meats and fish not ideal. Quite expensive for children who eat little, £16 per child. 
The setting is very pleasant , especially if you can get a seat near the windows overlooking the lawns and the river, and the staff and service are delightful. But, although the buffet of salads and starters is interesting, very varied and good quality, the main courses have a tendency to be overcooked ( through being left under the heat lamps for long periods) or stodgy and inauthentic ( the pasta dishes). The cheese board is banal and the desserts are just the usual run of the mill stuff - creme brulee, cheesecakes etc. A good and not over priced wine selection is a positive. 
He restaurant is situated in a lovely part of Pinner, on the high street which is very quaint and peaceful. The restaurant itself looks like the inside of someone's living room. The decor is old and perhaps a little tired, but somehow it works. The feel of the place is very homely and welcoming. 
The restaurant sells itself very well with its on line information and menu publicity along with the initail impression gained when arriving and being seated. The interesting "amuse bouche" was a surprise and the staff attentiveness and the very well presented allergens menu was again a good step up on many similar restaurants. However, once the food arrived ( and it must be said was very well presented) the disappointments started to creep in. Whilst we enjoy well spiced food and know our way around many regional indian dishes, several dishes selected were seriously overspiced ( whilst only showing one chilli on the menu) and with two dishes they had not been fully cooked out. The sauces on at least four of our dishes tasted remarkably the same showing the use of the same base sauce with little spice variation as anticipated from the menu description and certainly the overall impression gained when receiving the final bill was this was most certainly not the best value for money when compared to many of the "high end" Indian restaurants we have eaten at around the country. A bit sad as we had perhaps too high expectations. 
We went first time it was great but the previous two times were dreadful. Expensive, noisy and the food was less than average. Complained after they stuck the desert in the microwave to try and defrost the cream it came back ruined! There are far better restaurants than this one, so won't be going back. I would advise you to do the same.  
Good location and staff are friendly. Having been to many of the steak restaurants in London I have big expectations. It's not quite up there in the top tier which is a shame. I think there is a market for a super restaurant in the area. The steaks are good and a decent place to go if you don't want to venture into the city.  
Lovely food and I’m happy with the prices for what you get. But quite unreasonable that there’s no flexibility for small children. My toddler had to pay £18 even though I knew he’d eat a tiny amount. Would be good if there was an option to order from a kids menu for Under 5s who can’t really benefit from a buffet style meal. We did request to just order him a sandwich or something but they said no - we had to get him the £18 buffet. 
Very nice decoration. Not a usual curry restaurant but still interesting and quiet enjoyable. Would recommend!  
The haddock was steamed, and unseasoned. The new potatoes were scarce and the broccoli was two tiny stalks. And, as mentioned elsewhere, the portions very small. The lemon cheesecake turned out to be so deconstructed there were two small spoonfuls. Thank goodness for the bread and butter - except the bread had pockets of intense salt. 
The restaurant is nicely decorated in a cool and contemporary fashion. We received a warm welcome and the table was adequate with comfortable seating. At this stage the service was very friendly and efficient. The food arrived promptly and was piping hot. All was really delicious. But then the downside - there's an army of over eager waiters. At one point I was chatting holding a fork with a prawn on the end when a waiter walked up and asked if we'd finished eating!!! We said no but he just stood there hovering. We then noticed that as the restaurant filled up the staff became more and more frenetic and intrusive. It spoiled a really good meal. Probably won't go back because over attentive service is as annoying as poor service and this place takes over attentive to a new level.  
Really nice seats inside and area outside when weather permits but very cold when the doors are open and the wind whips through. Good coffee and nice smiling staff. 
If you want to lose weight and pay over the top then this is the place to be! The dishes are very small, luckily I wasn't that hungry! The prices are quite expensive and I'm sure the waiters are on commission. They were definitely trying to encourage us to order side dishes, breads, extra sauce! Maybe it was because they knew the portions were so tight we would need the extra dishes! Plenty of other establishments around that offer more. On a positive note, the food was nice but I won't be back. 
We've have eaten in the restaurant and had takeaways on a semi regular basis over the years. Never had a single complaint until our recent visit. The majority of the food was delicious, Lamb shish was very tender and the kofte on one was delicious but our guest who has eaten Turkish food in many places, thought their kofte was not right. On comparing it with the nice one it was agreed their kofte fell short of how it should taste. After bringing it to the attention of staff it was taken away with the promise of a fresh one. After an extremely long wait when we had nearly completed our meal the kofte finally appeared, tasting as expected. We were told by two seperate staff members there was nothing wrong with the original!! One if whom had said they tasted it!! What happened to the customer is always right? But to argue with the customer that they've got it wrong. Surely you want your customers to be happy? Extremely unprofessional. Not the way to go about things. As the bill came to over £80 for 4 of us it was extremely disapointing to find not a consideration had been given to our complaint. On reflection goodness knows why we left a tip on top of that too. An otherwise pleasant meal marred. Shame.  
Thought this was a very average, over priced restaurant. Hamburger was small, chips soggy and additional vegetables expensive for the portion served. The service was extremely amateurish too, with the wrong items being served and dishes having to be requested a number of times. 
Although we had high hopes for the Leftbank, we were left disappointed.  
We love Lomitos & have visited on several occasions with lots of different friends & family. However on this occasion it was not so great. We were shown to our table 45 mins before reservation time as the bar downstairs was very busy which was fine, however we were still waiting for a drink 35 minutes later unfortunately I don't think the waitress was very sure of what she was doing she was lovely but not sure she was ready to be left serving on a busy Saturday evening. Our table was booked for 4 but really was only suitable for 2 we felt squashed but there were no other tables available so we couldn't be moved. Our meal was lovely as per usual but the service & our table position & size left a lot to be desired I am afraid. There was no Bacardi or white rum available & the Banoffe dessert which is fab was sold out. We will return to Lomitos as this is our first & we hope last bad experience. The restaurant is usually very good on all levels & with the restaurant not been a cheap evening out, I would always expect the service to reflect this. 
Really wanted to get out of the cold and was very early for work so I thought I’d treat myself to breakfast here. I don’t do it often as prices in Windsor are so high. The portion sizes of cakes have always impressed me when walking past but my experience was a little of a let down.  
Dined at this venue on Saturday night. Party of seven. 
We ate in this restaurant a couple of weeks ago and the food was good. However if you look at the website it seemed pretty clear that if you ordered before 7.30 then it was the same price as a set lunch, hence 'early bird'. We specifically booked for 6.45 pm but were then charged for a regular price for dinner. Check before you book! 
The food wasnt up there to deserve 5 stars. The prices were very high, its a restaurant in Dagenham charging Harringay prices. On the basis of price and quality of food, I would rate 3 stars. 
First of all, the food was good - no complaints about that. But the service from the staff was poor; I'd booked in advance a couple of hours before but they seemed to have lost this and I was made to feel awkward standing in the doorway while they worked it out. I was then given the wrong dish and I questioned this when it arrived but was reassured that I'd not be charged for it so I kept the meal (about £3 difference, nothing major, it was the principle that I'd ended up with the wrong dish). When the bill came, the full cost had been charged and when I questioned this, I was made to feel like a liar as they said they believed the waitress had taken the correct order. When I said the amount was small, that I was the customer and how they were making me feel, plus the fact the wrong drinks had been given to us earlier in the evening, I expected them to show good customer service and apologise....but oh no! The waitress insisted that I must have made a mistake and that she'd have to check with the manager (all this for £3!) and then proceeded to sit down with the manager at a table near us having a discussion for more than 2 minutes. All the time I was sitting there with my coat on, feeling very awkward in front of others. Eventually I got a revised bill, but there was no apology at any stage. No common sense, no customer service. All over £3. They've lost a local customer and I won't be recommending them to anyone because of how they dealt with this and how they made us feel. 
Visited this quaint establishment after hearing it was in the best restaurants in Hertfordshire. Upon arival at this Tudor style establishment with its old ceiling beams, we were greeted by a member of staff who immediately had to check our reservation with the manager. We were sat upstairs where you have to mind your head several times as you walk below the beams (Im not that tall and still had to duck). The staffwere pleasant butr got the feeling they would have preferedto be somewhere else. There is a limited menu but all the dishes were very nice. At the time there was a special promotion on English wines. The service was slow the food pleasant though not in any way remarkable, there are plenty of places of equal if not better quality. Overall a ok establishment wouldnot rush to go back but pleasant enough. 
In the centre of Sutton, this small restaurant appears very cosy as you enter, well decorated and the staff are good. There speed of service was average but the food was not so great. I had the green curry with prawn, this was too sweet and not as spicy as you usually find in other Thai. My wife had Pad Thai but there was too much Tamarind making it bitter plus an odd flavour. If I went again I would specify how I wanted the food. 
Upon arriving we were greeted at the reception. We asked if we could have breakfast, the lovely receptionist called Audrey asked us where we would like to sit. We choose the table by the window. We were quickly given tea and coffee. We then went to the buffet bar. The choice of food was very good. I did give a five star for the mushrooms and scrambled egg. We then choose the fresh fruit bar. I unfortunately choose pineapple. But upon eating it, it was fizzy and bitter. I let the waitress know. I asked for the bill, thinking they may have taken a little bit off the bill. But there wasn’t. Upon leaving and whilst sitting in one of their lovely wicker chairs, Audrey came over and asked if there was anything she could do. I said it was ok. She then said about getting me a cup with strawberries and blueberries. I said that would be lovely. She then brought it over. We then left for our trip home. But the hotel has a wonderful view of the Thames .  
This bistro has quite a pleasant authentic feel to it. The menu has quite a range we had halibut and confit duck which were a good size and well presented. The problem was the authentic surly Parisian waiter who could have been lifted from any number of French restaurants we’ve been to. We are still waiting to hear about the specials and the dessert menu. Fortunately the other younger waiter was very pleasant so we did get the bill from him. Would have scored much better except the service. 
Recently had dinner here with my wife. 
We ordered two jacket potatoes, two cans of drink and a cake for £18. The potatoes were drier than the Sahara and the tuna mayonnaise was apparently a new version without mayonnaise. The cakes and biscuits are all from Costco, and perfectly fine, albethey a bit dry. Perhaps the heatwave dried them out? In short, don't waste your time or money. Between the poor products and rude staff, it's much nicer to go to any other restaurant nearby. 
Stayed here with friends as they are travel agents and trying hotels in the area. The evening meal was not so good, but could not fault the breakfast and the hotel staff were very accommodating and attentive. Rooms standard and very clean! 
Hmmmm. Where to start? I love Turkish food, let me make that very clear. I could eat it every day of the week and you probably could as well. Its that sort of food but with a Turkish restaurant opening up on almost every high street these days, they all become much of a muchness and this is where Istanbul Grill sits. It just doesnt stand out. 
Went here with a group of friends.  
I’ve visited here during a shopping trip to Windsor. I know the coffee they used to use and was never a huge fan of it but wanted to try it again. The staff are very knowledgable, friendly and engaging and the cake I had was delicious. Unfortunately the coffee was not to my taste. It was a darker roast, blend, more traditional Italian style than the KVW espresso machine implies they would be using. I can’t fault everything else I just wish they had a guest speciality grade espresso coffee on offer as well.  
been a regular for years and they always look after us, though we feel the standard has gone down a little, as in the curries sometimes we find the flavors are bland and some times the lamb curries can been a bit chewy. but the best popomdums ever. we are not put off as its a nice relax restaurant to in 
Visited recently with group of friends 
Indian Zest proudly boast of their listed status as a high end Indian Restaurant 
Had a nice lunch here. Good menu with interesting flavour combinations. Starters were great (parma ham and mussels) and very generous in size. The chicken was okay as a main but the steak was not great. Sides were needed and were good. Affogato after lunch was okay - ice cream was not fresh. Good wine selection as well. Overall a nice lunch, but it wasn't amazing. Service was great. 
You could not ask for better service, starter was great but main was over cooked, service was great, staff are super friendly and made the experience 
Disappointed by this restaurant because it is so well liked by others, maybe we expected too much. But we will give it another go sometime, but Prime is better and Miller Carter are cheaper. 
Food pretty good but waited quiet along time for drinks. Think they book to many people in at 1 time 
We had selected this restaurant from Tripadvisor as the number one in the Kempton area. It was a nice restaurant and the food was good but they rushed us through our meal at a terrific speed. We hadn't even finished our poppadoms when the main meal arrived. It was a Sunday evening and it was as if they wanted to get us served so they could go home! 
Booked this restaurant because of the reviews but left a bit disappointed.  
We don't understand all the fuss with this one! the food is just about average. It is nice, but that's it. Nothing more, nothing less. 
We had a table booked for 8.30pm on Saturday night. There were 4 of us enjoying a night out as two couples. We had drinks and ordered 4 starters to share and 3 main courses with rice to share. The food was nice, not the best thai I ever had but it was nice. We had a few drinks and chatted in between food. Both men went outside for a cigarette we were asked if we wanted dessert but we asked if we could wait for our husbands to return. We were then told it was too late the kitchen was closed....at 10.15pm!! Really?? Unfortunately I saw takeaways still being picked up long after we were told the kitchen was closed. Disappointed we weren't told earlier the kitchen would close at a certain time!!! 
Took American friends there for the restaurants historical looks but found the food dissapointing, particularly in view of the price. Not great value for money (there are eating places in Pinner that offer better value for money) but I suggest the attraction is rather to do with the look of the place 
The service was good, ambiance good and busy. However the food isn't anywhere near the 5 star ratings that people have given. Either we went on an 'off night' for the chef or some of the 5 star writers should visit a top Indian for a benchmark. You will see a lot of my reviews are very complementary but 3 stars is spot on for this, worth a visit but don't expect too much like we did. £130 for three people with no coffee or desert.  
I liked the Food nice. The heat/spicyness of selected food was indicated which I fond very helpful. . No more to say thank you.  
We love Turkish food and were expecting great things of this restaurant based on the majority of reviews. Unfortunately we found the food average at best. We couldn't fault the service though, that was very good. Price-wise in our opinion,there are cheaper and better Turkish restaurants around and we will not be returning. Oh, also not a great area so be on your guard. 
Told that the food here was really good. Booked a table (it would have been nice if they had told us about the road works that closed the road) after being seated and ordering our food and drink had to wait a little while for the food but I guess it's being cooked to order. My friend ordered chicken korma which she said was tasteless I ordered the Kerela Chicken stew which looked and tasted like a slightly spicy chicken korma. Told the staff about my friends korma and they took that off the bill.It was all ok but would not rush back. 
I had high hopes for Thai number 1 but it really wasn’t very nice.  
Having read all the good reviews, I recently visited for lunch with a friend. The starters were very good. I had a dish which they described as an alternative to onion bhaji It was nicely presented with a good combination of texture and mellow flavour. The main however had traces of lamb in it (despite asking for a vegatarian dish) and was lacking flavour and was just a very basic middle of the road liquidy sauce.  
I was expecting a bit better when I entered therefore only 3 stars. The welcome wa a bit 'short' and team busier to talk to each other than really welcoming. Food was ok but fish a bit tasteless . price is fine . Wine was fine  
Wanted to go back as we enjoyed ourselves last time, however this time it was not as good.  
We had dinner at Lomito Northwood and this was our 2nd visit. I cannot fault the location, decor or customer service at all. Our waitress was lovely. Our order- small and medium glasses of Chronos II Malbec, we shared a starter of lamb sweetbreads (Mollejas), we each ordered the 225g Ribeye steak (cooked medium) with hand cut chips, Bernaise and aioli sauces, a side of lemon & garlic spinach and finally the Banoffe cheesecake for dessert. The Mollejas was beautifully grilled (mild offal flavoured) lying on a bed of puréed sweet corn along with Chorizo slices. Lovely textures and flavour. The steaks were well cooked but less charred than others I've had. The steaks looked as though they were cooked in a Sous vide bag, but had grill lines! For the price, I've had better steaks (ie- Heliot steakhouse and La Patagonia) but don't let that put you off. The hand cut chips and Aioli were perfection. The Banoffee cheesecake was brilliant but I think the Oreo biscuit base was a bad idea....nothing beats a good ol' Digestives base! Aesthetically pleasing spun sugar nest with accompanying toffee ice cream was a nice touch. Our total bill (for 2) was £75. 
Was recommended to come here by friends, its a bit like a cafe, very busy, food was ok nothing special, parking was a bit of a problem, and their english needs a bit of work, just an ok meal 
We visited mid-afternoon for coffee and cake, primarily due to its high Trip Advisor rating. 
The title says it all as in the past this has always served delightfully fragrant and eclectic food but not this visit. Service was monosyllabic and the only thing we enjoyed was the free starter drink soupy thing. We had the Simla chicken stew and the Fish stew and both were lacking that little something to justify the steep price we paid for them! We guessed that the sauces had had the meat/ fish added rather than simmered together for ages as is traditional. Not cheap and not good and we left disappointed this time.  
So disappointing for this place really looks the part and is a real pleasure to be in. 
Menu, food and staff friendliness all excellent but really disappointed with the less than French atmosphere.  
The Starters and Desserts were delicious but the main course was to be desired. Disappointing. Great location. 
A fantastic selection of eateries around the castle but we chose the wrong one for afternoon tea. 
After visiting Windsor Castle, we stopped in here to grab a quick lunch (as did others from our tour). We both got a B.L.T. and a pop. The sandwich wasn't super impressive, but it was still good. They seemed to have a lot of selection of food and drinks, and service was quick. 
I had high expectations from the reports, but I have to say that this was a disappointing lunch. It rather reminded me of the Bedlington café, but with alcohol, and not as good.  
We have used this restaurant since opening 
I genuinely believe I’ve seen cleaner pigsties than the carpet upstairs. Has the owner not seen it, has he turned a blind eye to it. What a shame you have to sit and eat nice food while looking at the surroundings and seeing a filthy, stomach churning, unappetizing carpet. I believe the carpet was once red in colour, this I deemed from the outer edges, but the middle of the carpet is black with what I assume is spilled food over the years, it’s so filthy and ground in that a clean will not do it, It needs throwing. This took the edge off the food; as I kept thinking if the kitchen was clean. Let’s hope the owners take on board the comments and not give an answer of “The ethos of Friends is about food and service, & the best quality produce” because that won’t cut it I’m afraid, cleanliness should also be in there. The staff are friendly and polite, the food fantastic, & the near 500 year old building is delightful. 
Small, quaint restaurant but no ambience. Staff pleasant but 
After a day out at Legoland we stopped here to have our evening meal before heading back home.  
The food here was okay. It is a restaurant that has clearly read its reviews on here and believes it's own hype. It seems to think that it's providing michelin star food, it most definitely isn't. This was our first visit to the restaurant and after reading the other reviews I was expecting good things. The main course I ordered came out tepid and with cabbage on the side. Unfortunately someone clearly hadn't bothered to wash the cabbage properly as it was gritty. My husband on the other hand didn't even receive his side dish at first and had to ask, by the time they had brought it out he had nearly finished his meal. This is a fairly expensive restaurant and for that I have certain expectations. Friends restaurant did not meet these and I won't be returning.  
Nice venue and decor. My husband and I visited on a Friday evening and was busy so advise making a booking. 
I happened to be in the area and after reading the glowing reviews I decided to pay it a visit with a friend.I ordered the mixed starter for two (£11) which consisted of two spring rolls,two chicken wings,two satay chicken pieces,two prawns on toast and some some prawn crackers.This was very good and I have absolutely no complaints.The main course however was a disappointment.I ordered Pla Neung Manaw which is steamed sea bass in lime juice and chillies (13.95) and coconut rice (£3.45).The sea bass wasn't cooked properly and I had to leave about half of it and the coconut rice was sticky.When I complained to the waitress about it (something I rarely do) she was very apologetic and offered me a discount on my bill which was nice.Nevertheless I wouldn't pay a return visit. 
I've eaten as good Indian in other local restaurants, I found the portions smaller and all around a bit expensive for falconwood.  
This used to be a favourite of mine - no more! My last two visits have been mediocre. We booked for 8pm and were in a cab home at 9.22pm! So crowded with people waiting for tables and takeaway, that it was not an enjoyable experience. We felt rushed and food was bland and boring. We will not be returning. The management need to focus on customers having a relaxing, enjoyable evening rather than packing in as many covers as possible. 
The food is lovely - I've never failed to have a lovely dinner here. However, at £3.50 per naan bread and £4.90 per rice, this is one expensive place to eat. Don't expect to have time to digest that lovely food either, as a waiter will be wiping the table and pushing the dessert menu and bill in front of your face as soon as the last mouthful goes in.  
My son decided to surprise my husband by booking a table for 3 last night AND pay for us which is a first. The food was tasty but it was - find the meat!!!!! My main disappointment was the unfriendly waiters. Being as my son was treating us we didn't go mad by ordering lots of expensive side dishes so maybe that's why. In a nut shell I did not feel welcome but that the waiters felt their presence there was a chore!!!!! 
I deliberately ordered what appeared on the takeaway menu as 'mild' dishes as we were three adults and two children. It was intended as an introduction to Indian food for the children. The quality was OK but all the food was hot enough to set our mouths tingling a lot. The chilli heat cancelled out what should have been interesting spice flavours. It will be a long time before we can persuade the children to try Indian food again. A great disappointment. 
I’ve heard a lot of people talk about this place and wanted to see the hype. The food was average but came with large portions. Also seems quite lively outside when smoking shisha. Still yet to try the shisha from this place 
Since the Runnymead has asked me to review our experience , I felt I had to write a review based in our experience for Sunday lunch this Sunday . 
This restaurant was previously known as Cornucopia and I thought it very good. I am not sure why the name has changed as I understand that the chef remains the same. In the past they served a remarkably good set menu at lunchtime with a choice of around five or six items in each course and it was all remarkably good value. Now the price has been kept very low but the choice has been cut somewhat. To be fair the last time I ate here about four weeks ago I was with a party of sixteen and everyone was very happy with their meal so I am out of step. Its good honest food and its only £11 for two courses at lunchtime. Personally I would prefer to go to Cote which is by the river but this remains a nice little restaurant. 
The food is fine and we do regularly get take away from here. However when ordering the Shish kebabs the amount of meat and the size of the meat cubes are very underwelming. The bread, salad and rice are plantiful however when you consider the main ingredient you are paying for is the meat then you do feel a little bit hard done by. My recommendation is the food is fine but they could do better. Its expensive rice and salad. 
Usual things available - jacket potatoes, soup, sandwiches, cake, desserts, etc. nothing special but well presented. Run by a bevy of staff who work efficiently to serve you as quickly as possible. Self service. Ideal on a busy day like a Saturday in December!  
Booked for the Bank holiday Mon, (Daughters 1st Wed Anniversary), and happy to see they had sectioned Off the restaurant really well With Perspex sheeting etc due to Covid.  
Booked ahead and just as well we did as 90% full when we arrived. Friendly waitress showed us to our table and quickly after took our drinks order. 
The food was outstanding but if not a regular known to staff the service is not so good. Had to wait for drinks reminding them twice had to remind to take food order. 
Met with a friend for a meal - the restaurant is in an old house with loads of original woodwork and very easy on the eye. It was hot (and friend a smoker) so we chose to sit outside in the small but pleasant space available. 
I loved the decor and location, our waiter Daniel was absolutely brilliant. The day we visited the buffet had a lot of pork and the food wasn't labeled which meant I had to ask the chef behind the hot food counter who seemed disinterested to be honest. I would go back and try it again as everyone I know really likes it there and we could've just gone on a bad day. 
Large lounge and dinning rooms - well suited to accommodate a large group - we were 10. Found plenty of seating in the lounge. Odd table arrangement in the dining room together but one table of 6, one of 4.  
Visited end of January on a Friday night of which on the back of positive reviews from colleagues at work. 
Better than most of the other Indian Restaurants in the Sunbury/ Shepperton area and there are a few. Even though it has won a few awards we would not put the Indian Zest in our top 10 world curry houses. The curries had a richness of flavour mired by a rather heavy sauce which seems to be developed by adding a flour or something else. The service was good and the restuarant itself very pleasant with an outside garden. The prices are on the high side compared its nearest rivals particularly the wine . A service charge of 10% is also charged which we cannot stand. 
Out of the many many cafes in Windsor we were attracted to eat here by the promise of delicious cinnamon buns. Huge disappointment. Served a three inch thick slab of squidgy sweet dough with no discernible cinnamon (or other) taste topped with runny yellowish icing that tasted only of sugar. Yuk, didn't eat it. Tea and flat white coffee were fine and good spot for watching the world go by 
Met some friends for lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant is in The Runnymede Hotel which was very busy and the restaurant soon filled up. It's a carvery, so you serve yourself but the staff are very attentive with drinks etc. The starters were excellent, great choice, very fresh. The deserts were also great, I had a delicious mini trifle (amongst other things!) but I'm afraid I was very disappointed with the mains. The lamb was very dry, the gravy watery, only a few dried up veg left (I waited for some more to be brought out but got fed up of waiting) and there was only one choice of potatoes. All in all I don't think it was worth what we paid. I won't be going there again. 
Many people rave about this place and I can see why. Yes it may be the best curry house for miles around but it's because the rest haven't raised their own standards. I ordered a take away of three chicken and one lamb shank dish. The tandoori chicken was somewhat tough and the lamb shank had diced bits of lamb in the curry; no issue here but I ordered a shank and not diced bits of lamb. The other chicken dishes were tasty as well as the mango chutney and naan breads. However although I didn't ask for poppodoms, they placed just one in the takeaway box. At least give out three as the order was for three people lol. I was impressed by the takeaway box. It's so much better than the typical brown bag which tend to rip within seconds of leaving the restaurant. The staff were friendly and courteous. Overall I would eat there again but maybe not have the lamb shank. 
Been quite a few times and 50% of the time the food is normally okay. On this occasion the lamb dish was very average, no real spice flavour, this time we waited almost one hour for the main course. found the staff looking stressed and un happy not a smile to be found, what said it all was, as we stood up to leave we noticed the other side of the room the waiter who saw we where about to leave and he turned around and attended to another job, not even interested in saying good night ? . Unfortunately we shall not be returning to the restaurant again. 
I booked this has had been told by two different people it was really good. It is a bit more expensive than your average Indian , but there are some different items on the menu . I had the vegetarian thali which was really good , a bit expensive for what it was , but very nicely presented . We were a group of four and the others all enjoyed theirs , even if it was a bit hot . 
Really disappointed. The seafood starters were just prawns in the shell and smoked salmon (also some sushi but looked very dry) The salad dishes were pretty bland and the main course roast - mushy cauliflower cheese and very rubbery roast potatoes. Had to ask and wait for gravy and for custard for the puddings. This is catering on a huge scale and the quality of the food definitely suffers. Not terrible but simply not good value for money 
Food was good, shisha was good but the service by some staff were not very professional and felt like they had no enthusiasm into their work. Bill came on time 
Both my friend and I could smell damp when we walked in, which was a little off putting. But luckily we were given a table at the back of the restaurant and the smell was not noticeable there . May have been coming up from basement via the open stair case at the front.  
Haven’t eaten inside this place but today we ordered food from this restaurant which was delivered to us. The food tasted great. My only reason for the three star rating was the lack of prawns in our dishes. Lots of curry yes but obly 2-3 prawns in each dish. Not great if you’re feeding a family of 4.  
Seeing all the great reviews for this place we had pretty high expectations. Sorry to say they fell short. Quality of food is ok and service fine but it's nothing special. 3 star, maybe 3.5. 
Lovely restaurant, very tidy, service great, food ok, just a little expensive, would give this a higher rating if the prices were a bit lower 
The food is really good and tasteful. The place nice inside, it look of much from the outside. But the service could have been better. They did not bring still water, we had to ask for it twice. And then they served by the glass. We asked for a jug of water, and they forgot all the time, that we were a party of 7 people...  
Six of us went here yesterday expecting a wonderful repeat of a previous visit several months ago. But, ALAS! We chose to dine on the lunch menu. 
This restaurant is quite good. Food is nice but service can be slow and restaurant is small and cramped.  
The food came highly recommended and the fillet didn't let us down. However, for the price I expected slightly more. The sides were bland and the Ribeye was average. The waiter we had was extremely friendly and the cocktails were good. 
This was my Third Time visited to a Thai restaurant and they staff are helpful for guiding which is better item from menu and Thai restaurant look good and different not for other restaurants. 
We are regulars to this restaurant & have been since its opening several years ago. 
Nice venue, good service, but was incredibly dissappointed with the food. Pretty much like a Toby carvery. We really expected a lot more for our money and for a 4 star hotel 
Had a party of ten for a birthday dinner and generally impressed with the restaurant set up & intro to the buffet.  
Visited here for a friend's birthday. We had a cocktail first and was served by an upbeat bubbly young lady......which was a really nice start. The restarant is very popular and full on a Friday night. The meal itself was OK....just average really.  
Just come home from my birthday dinner with my girlfriend which she treated me too. We don't have a lot of money so when we go to a place like this it's a real treat. Though the food I cannot fault the steak was beautiful and everything I'd hoped for.  
I really wanted to like Lomito but came away disappointed. I was expecting and hoping for a restaurant that was evocative of the best Parrilla restaurants in Buenos Aires but it came nowhere close.  
I’ve been to this restaurant lots of times for all sorts of occasions, this time the food was not as good as it usually is. I had the calamari starter which was over cooked and chewy. Then I had the mixed grill and the lamb shish was very chewy and over cooked. This is usually a really good restaurant but last few times I’ve been it’s not been as good. 
The place has a great location, and its a good place to start your visit with a light pastry. Their cinnamon buns are a treat! The stuff was very friendly, and handled the long line very quickly.  
Had a lovely meal with my husband at lara grill. Seemed like a popular place as it was busy . 
Hubby had chicken and rice which was delicious - 5 stars - I had the halloumi salad which was ok - prob 4 stars as I’ve made better ones at home to be honest! Service is so fast so it loses all the personal touch necessary in this industry to keep customer service high. The waiter with beard and with the sharp suit however is really good - great service. Rating as 3 however as the crowds are loud, cackling women, feels like I’m in a chicken farm, the shisha is squashed as they’re so busy and the cramped ergonomics of the restaurant entrance makes it feel like your on a roundabout on a busy highway. This is obviously a goldmine of a restaurant, but the toilet areas are unpleasant - and you just feel like you’re part of the churn.  
I use this establishment as it's about equidistant to several old work colleagues; we eat here fairly regularly, ergo it must be Ok! 
We came for a Family meal here last night for my Father's 70th, my parents having eaten here several times previously during the week and having really enjoyed it. It was very busy as you'd expect for a Saturday night, but not unpleasantly so, however you are really packed in. Really good decor, spotlessly clean....very nicely done.  
It was a nice cinnamon bagel I had, nice chocolate drink. Not enough to amaze me. Decent altogether. Would need more trips to see how it is in general. 
I had been here 4 months ago and since thai is my favourite type of food I decided to go back with my sister in law during my visit at her home. 
Easy and convenient when staying at the Runnymede on Thames hotel. The menu is quite varied, nice and fresh food, relaxed service and friendly atmosphere. Ideal to finish a hard day of work but don't expect anything fancy. 
Visited this restaurant Saturday night with friends......having looked at the reviews I just don't know what the hype is all about. Staff are friendly, but the food is VERY average. Chips with almost everything, that seem to have been cooked and then warmed up. 
After eagerly awaiting the re-opening we were quite disappointed when we visited last night. The restaurant now seems cold and the echo/noise levels mean conversation is almost impossible. The food was good but they did bring up our mains whilst we were still eating out starters. They did take them back and bring them we were ready. Couldn't fault the food but as far as atmosphere/ambience is concerned it's a no from me 
We had Sunday roast buffet in the left bank restaurant, it was for a birthday celebration. 
Had middle eastern dishes that were well prepared and tasty. Didn't like that the restaurant was a little cramped although liked that got a table on a Saturday night without reservation. 
I went with some co-workers and friends on a Friday eve to have dinner. We had checked the good reviews in the internet so we wanted to try it. 
We went here at the weekend for my partners birthday as we had previously visited and loved it. However this time was disappointing and I would be hesitant to visit again if im honest.  
Had lunch with friends from work. The food is ok, nothing brilliant or special. Price wise it was pricey for what was offered. 
Went for dinner on a Friday evening (with a booking) to this very well reviewed restaurant. Nicely decorated with Christmas trimmings, reasonably spacious and comfortable. 
I think your experiences here can vary enormously, depending on who is working that evening. My husband and I had an amazing meal here before Christmas and, as I'm a Thai food nut, went back - and it was a totally different experience. Huge waits between courses, food arriving cold. Not really very well spiced either. Better Thai restaurants are available (in Cheam). Try them! 
This could be a really great restaurant as the food was very tasty. For the prices A La Russe charge i would expect little things like drinks being offered when glass was empty (had to wait ages to get waiters attention and they weren't rushed off their feet). Side plates were left and not cleared and a steak knife wasn't offered with the steak. Little things which became frustrating and let the experience down.  
Five of us recently dined here for the very first time, after having driven past this restaurant on numerous occasions and noting how pretty it looked from the outside. 
This place looks well presented and fast service. Nice and clean inside. The chips are not that nice, way too oily and the fish batter was hard when it should be soft. Way too expensive for the quality of food provided. The sauces are very limited as well as variety of foods. Wouldn’t recommend or revisit. 
Took clients to the restaurant for lunch today. Service was perfectly pleasant and efficient and nothing wrong with the decor or surroundings. I'm afraid that for me it was just very average and there was nothing that would make me want to rush back. Great shame as I had high hopes. 
We went there on the begging on July, the atmosphere and service are really nice and friendly although the food is average.  
We went here for a family meal to celebrate a special birthday. I would have to say having read other reviews I was hopeful of an excellent meal. It was not to be. I would say the meal was average. There was plenty of it but quality and quantity are not the same. The Yorkshire pudding was one of the worst I have ever been served, it was almost a pancake! We were a large group but the service was a little slow. My main issue however was that the door was open and remained so throughout the entire meal, despite being a chilly autumn day. I and others, were freezing cold for the whole meal. This really ruined the experience, all I wanted to do was leave to warm up. It is very difficult to make any kind of scene about such things when in a large group and really I felt the staff should have picked up on the obvious signs of cold customers, such as group members having to put their coats on! I would not return here. 
Are here on Sunday due to reviews. It was very busy given the location. 
We were searching on internet to look for good coffee around Slough area. Found Cinnamon cafe was recommended by TripAdvisor members.  
So quiet in this restaurant. The food is nice and the service ok. Nice surroundings. I dont know why it always seems empty. At least one restaurant in Hornchurch you dont necessarily have to book.  
Fast, efficient counter service lunch. Has a fair range of food available. Seating is very basic cafe style. 
Thought we would try this restaurant for lunch as we liked the Southern theme. 
Had a takeaway from here over the weekend and we were really looking forward to it as the reviews sold it to us! Sadly I have to say that it rated only average. We have tried most of the local thai restaurants in the area such as Songkran, Epsom Thai, Regional Thai and this doesn't rate as highly as the others.  
This was a restaurant I used to recommend. I will not be doing so currently. The main dish I ordered, lazeez lamb, previously a favourite of mine there, arrived almost instantly suggesting it was wholly pre-cooked. The sauce was thin and poor. I had kulfi for desert and wished I hadn't. It seemed quite inferior. The staff were, as ever, charming. The problem appears to lie in the kitchen. 
This was our first visit and we'd heard good things from friends about the restaurant.  
...I wanted to, but at the end of the day, it was somewhat disappointing. 
Just had lunch - had to replace cheese n tomato toasted sandwiches as it was toast, no butter, slice of cheese (not melted) and tomato - so a pretty dry affair. However the tomato and red pepper soup was really nice, as are the helpful staff - its not their fault they dont have a grill and are not allowed to melt cheese. 
We were a group of 6 people visiting for our Staff Christmas Do! The food was nice but not worth what we paid. The drinks are a little pricey too! The staff were polite and helpful but there was a slight problem when we paid the bill by cash and some by card. We had left the restaurant when a staff member came outside and told us we were £100 short. What with us all being slightly inebriated we just paid it but to this day are all adamant we paid the full price having looked at card payments and seeing how much cash we had the next day. Maybe this was just a one off and i still think Rienna's is worth a visit but I won't be returning.  
We ordered from Number 1 Thai because we'd seen a few good reviews and it was probably the only local Thai place my boyfriend and I hadn't tried. I must say we were a little disappointed. My green curry was bland and watery and the spring rolls really greasy - not what you expect from Thai food. It wasn't really bad but there was nothing that me want to go back.  
Went here on a Saturday night staff very polite and service was avaerage due to a lot of takeaways. Food was nice, although portions could have been a bit bigger. We were sat by a boxed radiator but it felt very cold in there so I spent most the evening shivering, thank god I had some chilli's in my food!! Went here not that long ago and remember it being a lot better, waitress said it has literally just been taken over so hopefully its just a blip. Will be interesting to read the next few reviews. 
I'm not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food (I like pad-thai) and after several recommendations decided to try this one night instead of a Chinese or Indian takeaway. 
We came here for a birthday meal on Saturday night, there were 10 of us so not sure if they couldn't cope with this amount but the service was very slow. From ordering to our starter arriving was approximately 50 minutes. We had to ask for drinks, we were never asked with some having to actually go to the bar to get the waiters attention. 
Had a lovely meal but disappointed with special gift offered (bottle wine) but when I went to claim it it would not be honoured by the manager. Very misleading  
We use Cinnamon at least once a week for a breakfast treat .. usually coffee and toast , bacon / cheese on toast which is enjoyable , however on this occasion i took a friend along for lunch , decided i would have a cheese and tomato sandwich , cant believe i was served it dry , !! no butter my friend asked for a cheese toastie and was told the cheese wouldnt be cooked !!! a cheese toastie ,no melted cheese , thats a first !!! 
Myself and my other half tried this restaurant this evening, nice food but alittle too expensive and the waitress automatically added an optional 10% service charge, to which we found very cheeky thus requested it was removed from the final bill 
Busy time of year but staff who can not understand basic English not acceptable ... complaints about the meal not addressed and ignored... fried Yorkshire puddings NO NO NO 
Went here with some friends for dinner and after reading all the positive reviews I was quite disappointed. The restaurant was about half full when we went in but by 9pm. There was only about 5 tables being used. 
We have visited the restaurant on many occasions over many years and have eaten here for at least the last 4 Christmas Eve’s, on every previous occasion most of the food has been of a very good quality. Unfortunately this Christmas Eve one of our party had a rather poor quality piece of sirloin steak of which in the end only about half was edible. The restaurant was extremely busy and by the time we mentioned it to the waitress most of our party had finished their main courses. The waitress didn’t seem to understand the problem and no offer was made to reduce the bill to compensate. This was disappointing considering the comment I made in my previous review about a poor quality steak. However the rest of the meals were up to their usual standard, we will return but be more vigilant about the quality of the steaks. 
passing along for somewhere to eat and decided to try this 
A few months back I had written a review for this restuarant. However I tried visiting the restuarant on the last few Saturdays (in fact 2 consecutive saturdays) and found it closed (around 1:00 pm.). 
Food and drinks were good. The upstairs area where we were seated was chilly and staff were less attentive here than downstairs. Would try again, but not in a hurry.  
We have visited the restaurant many times before, celebrating birthdays, anniversaries, christenings and sometimes just for an evening meal, always always expecting brilliant food choices and great service. I am so disappointed at having to write this review however I am nothing but truthful and unfortunately our visit on Monday evening was a let down. There was just something missing - it was very quiet when we arrived so no excuses for staff to be so brusque and disinterested - the buffet was particularly disappointing especially in the cold fish section, literally half a dozen very dry looking pieces of herring? and a small plate of salmon. The main buffet seemed to be lacking in its usual great choices, all looked very boring, such a shame. However we will book again and hope this was a one off - please let me review with 5 stars again. 
Went for Sunday lunch with my family. The food was very good but the staff were inattentive and apathetic. Very hard to get a drink and get attention from the staff. It's a shame because so much is good but this spoils it. 
Went for dinner with my two sons and a family friend.ordered couple of beers and soft drinks.and poppadoms.and lamb chops salmon and chicken tandoori starters.they brought the lamb chops four of them which were really over spiced and not hot enough quite cold actually and very small and boney.which cost £18.50 and with service charge around £21.00 I was quite shocked really.and 3 little pieces of salmon.the we ordered a curry each and three rice and two bread.the food was really nice but pricey.cant get over paying £21.00 for four tiny lamb chops.should have spoken up but we'll couldn't embarress my son's.rather large bill for a curry. 
Ok value for money. Do not expect something chick, but the food and the river view are a good combination. Service is slow sometimes. 
My first time visiting with a friend and the initial introduction to the menu was great - the server gave us a run down of the menu, even suggesting what dishes work well together and her favourite picks.  
Right opposite the castle this place is not too bad. The rib eye steak was very reasonable in price compared to many other places but the quality was average - a fare bit of grissle for a rib-eye - see photo - peppercorn sauce nice. As they are french it would have been better if they served fries (as was in the menu) rather than chunky chips. 
First visit to the restaurant on the back off everyone's recommendations. Even though we were the only people in the restaurant the service was very slow but have to say friendly. The portions are very small, my calamari was covered in grease (probably the worse calamari I've ever had) myself and four family members were very disappointed and all left hungry to the point when we left we went to the nearest takeaway. Unfortunately, wouldn't recommend.  
My friend and I sought out this bar as an alternative to the pubs by the station - she visits me from Southend. However, the only wine available was £22 a bottle, which I hadn't expected from Barking. 
The concept of a fixed price buffet where the food is absolutely fine, plenty of it and in nice surroundings is great. if you go as, let's say, a group of four, then you will be certain to have a decent meal. 
Very busy restaurant. My meal was fine but not fantastic and I thought it was a little overpriced. The service was good but not overly friendly although this could have been because the staff were rushing around. It is the only restaurant serving this cuisine in the area. 
With all the rave reviews we were excited to try this place but sadly did not live up to expectations. 
I have visited this restaurant many times and on this occasion I came with my family.  
The food was average, nothing special, if anything a little bland. 
Very small restaurant and for the prices that are charged was expecting something amazing. Very average.  
At the beginning we enjoyed the food, but after a while you get just bored of eating ultra caloric mac&cheese with ultra caloric shredded pork. They didn’t have neither the poo boy bread nor the southern chicken, which was what I initially ordered, and this is a big issue in a place that only has 4 mains and 7 tops to offer. The chicken wings... no comment. The pop prawns were decent and the staff nice though. The food comes from somewhere near the loo upstairs (very scary ones) and my wife and I noticed that someone forgot to flush the WC, which again doesn’t help to make the experience better. If you are 18 and starving maybe it is a good choice.  
We enjoyed an excellent breakfast here with gorgeous views and the staff and food were excellent, however the chairs/cushions/floor/table cleanliness needs attention. Enjoyed it though. 
We visited with friends after hearing good reports. It is a little on the pricey side but the food was good and the service was friendly and attentive but not overly so.  
I visited in November 2014. I can't work out why there's such high praise for what turned out to be a very average meal. 
This restaurant is so hard to score. On one hand the food is amazing. And I do mean amazing. But being so good means it is very popular and as a result the staff cant cope. They run a take away service too which further absorbs staff time. So yes, eat here but chose your days carefully and avoid the weekend. 
cant complain about anything really, food good, service good, nice place, just a bit expensive on the drink side. 
Went for a meal Saturday 26th March. Haven't been here for about 4 years but standard of food has gone downhill. Had a starter As sos Special but it needed bread. Asked for basket bread and got charged £1.50! Had Sea Bass main course it hadn't been marinated and was bland and tasteless not like it used to be. It was served with 3 tiny new potatoes and a soggy salad. Vegetables are all extra side dishes charged separately another money making idea. Glass of red wine £4.25 but only get half a glass. Surely if you ask for a glass of wine you get a glass of wine for that price not half a glass. Also, they messed up the reservation so 6 of us squashed onto a small table. Won't be returning again too expensive for nothing.  
I wish there was a rating below Very Good and above Average. The food is well prepared. The service is excellent. The winelist offers plenty of choice at a range of price points. It just doesn't rise to the level of somewhere to go out of your way to visit...but do not avoid A la Russe 
Ate breakfast here twice last week with my wife. We ate here because of the good reviews but it was disappointing. The cafe is very nice but the food is not. The pastries were dry and hard. My wife asked to have her pastry warmed and the icing was melted right off of it. Coffee is average. The banana I ate was overly ripe and had large brown sections inside. We ate breakfast here a second time to see if first experience was a fluke but had same experience both times 
If I had to sum up our meal in one word, it’d be alright.  
the coffee was good and hot but the blt was made with the thickest and cheapest white bread. too much bread and not enough bacon. with no butter on the toast it was very dry. we had just fed a better loaf of bread to the swans on the river. 
Me and my friends went for some food and shisha. The food was alright and came in fast but we were disappointed the service as we waited to get a table to smoke shisha for over 30 minutes as the forgot us and after that when we complained about the shisha they didn't "fix" it for us. 
Good location, great staff, decent décor but, yes always a but. I wasn't massively impressed with the food. The dirty boy shrimp didn't do it for me. The chips had turned very soggy from the cheese sauce and the shrimps were a bit rubbery which made quite a heavy meal. Maybe its just my taste but I won't be rushing back, which is a shame as the idea is a good one. 
We went for Sunday lunch after a long break from this restaurant as we had been disappointed with the food. The menu on-line seemed very good so we tried it again. We liked our shared tandoori chicken starter which was spicy and tender and good value. We liked the red wine, plain rice and but our main courses were somewhat disappointing. I had the special Goan prawns which consisted of 5 large prawns in a very tomato-ey sauce which had more tomato paste than flavour-some spices. My husband had Rogan Gosht which as usual had a tomato base but was extremely chilli hot and the 2 diverse dishes seemed very similar. I don't think we will be returning for some time. 
Slightly over priced considering all we had was coffee and toast. Staff were loud but not very friendly and didn't seem like they knew what they were doing. Cakes looked lovely though and good place for people watching. And my kids loved the wooden soldiers addorning the entrance.  
I went there with some friends for lunch. The staff were very friendly and helpful. 
For meat eaters the Leftbank is very good. I thoroughly enjoyed the beautifully cooked (rare) beef and the meat and fish starters. However one of my guests is vegetarian and struggled with the main courses. There is plenty for vegetarians to enjoy from the salad bar but the hot food was very limited. The butternut squash salad was undercooked. The one vegetarian hot dish was an unappealing beige pasta bake that lacked taste. And that was it. The side vegetables were dry from being under the heat lamps (but I don't know how else they could improve that).  
Fish and cups were fresh and tasty, chips were oily, the cod was fresh and perfectly 
Hidden away on a back street we wouldn’t have found this restaurant had we not seen their A frame advert. Having visited New Orleans we were interested to see the menu. There was no jambalaya or file gumbo, rather a series of dishes based around sandwiches, chips or mac and cheese. Despite the restaurant being quiet we waited over 20 mins for our meal, with the host keeping us entertained. The food was ok but the mac n cheese was not that great. All in all, great potential but some creases to be ironed out! 
Against the reviews written - I thought the food average, the quality of wine choice per glass very poor, and the wind coming through the front door every time it was opened - not really adding to the experience. 
Me n my son had a take away from there hated the bread I love pitta bread but the bread given I didn't like at all and I found it very basic don't think I'd go back 
So Poor Boys has a nice vibe, nice location. The staff serving seemed a bit disorganised but were absolutely delightful so all was forgiven. My main gripe was the food, I'm not sure the menu is well thought through - I had a salad with pulled pork, but v sweet sticky pork ladled on top of salad leaves doesn't work. The quality of the pork seemed great but too much sauce, too sweet etc. My partner had risotto with something on top that was equally sticky again it doesn't work. So I think if you're going there for chips and burgers - I can imagine it would be fine. Cocktails good, but took too long. I wouldn't go back. 
We read the raving reviews and ordered take away while we were at Kingston Hospital, thanks to the close vicinity of the restaurant. The dishes tasted blend and the ingredients were quite meagre. Would not recommend.  
Three of us went for a curry. We had pre-booked and were met and seated efficiently.  
Been going here for sometime ever since it opened, usually do a good job when management is around. so yeah they are always busy which is a good sign so calling to arrange collection is the way to go about it. I tried calling twice! Only to have gone through to voicemail. In the end I just went there without placing a phone order, so ordered a large cod and chips with extra small chips. While in the shop I didn't want to mention anything about the phone and how they didn't answer, so I left it. We ordered our food and four customers came in after us were served fish and chips and the fish looked massive. We waited 10 mins for our Order which is understandable because it's cooked fresh. We got home and opened it and it is tiny! The phone next to the fish is a standard iPhone not the plus. Love this chip shop but that's a joke. Will still go here because my whole family love this place and so does many local residents.  
Nice looking place with an outdoor dining/Shisha area.  
I’ve been waiting to visit Beirut nights for a while and finally had the chance to trek all the way to North Acton. The service was excellent the workers polite and attentive. We ordered lamb sambouske (not sure what the exact word is) they were tasty and for the mains we ordered mixed shawarma, it was very very bland and dry which they try to compensate by giving sauces on the side - a disappointment. The mocktails were good. We went on a Friday night and we were surprised to see the inside of the restaurant very empty but the shisha area was very busy which made us realise maybe it’s more well known for the shisha rather than the food - and we were right the shisha was very good quality. We ordered Moroccan tea and baklava. The thing that spoilt the shisha experience was they made me and my friend share a table with a couple which was very very awkward. But they were very busy and we just agreed. They definitely need to make the restaurant sitting in area smaller and make the outside bigger suiting to customer needs.... I’m sure they’ve given thought to this because the inside is massive and empty.  
I went to this restaurant with my wife for dinner when we get their we was asked we came for food or shisha so we told them fur food as their shisha bar is extremely busy and had a long waiting time we went inside as got our table straightaway we order hummus and chicken with fresh bread stater and fresh carrot juice and fresh mint and for main had chicken shish with salad and rice food was good and staff was helpful I find their shisha very expensive and sitting area outside was not nice as it was very cold even with heater on  
I've been to this place several times for take away (there's not much choice living locally), and by Dagenham's standards, it's a pretty decent restaurant. However, if you've had Turkish food in places like Haringey, then you'll know that it's very average in comparison. The prices are very reasonable. Avoid the shawarma, way too greasy and just bland.  
Tried poor boys and found their sandwiches to be greasy and the ingredients rather tasteless Doesn’t live up to its menu description Service was friendly The place lacked in atmosphere 2 sandwiches and 2 wines for 30 quid Better value at the pub 
Fish and chips. Really average take away but the portion was big. Good value for money and everything fine is general just missing the flavour  
This restaurant has a limited but very good menu and the food is well prepared and cooked.However since the acting manager is now a very part time employee the service side has fallen very badly.It took seven minutes before we could order a drink and then the wrong ones turned up..When we were finally allowed to order we had a trainee with no supervision.'Do you know what you want' she said. I know what I want .It is called good service. 
I had heard great things about this restaurant and its special Chicken tikka laphroaig masala. Went there with huge expectations. 
Served warm bread with a mix of dips. This was a nice gesture. The food was plain tasting and quite pricy if you think you are having chicken wings and some chips for like ten pounds where as a kebab shop does it for half the price. I thought the kebab was very plain tasting and the plate was over stacked with salad. I didn't appreciate it at all and it's not salad freshly prepared but sliced up carrots etc that looked a bit stale. I didn't bother with dessert. Drink was 1.50 for fresh orange juice from a bottle poured in front of me. I don't know how that is fresh. Other than that food average service ok price step for what you are actually getting.  
Being the 1st weekend after the big return to work in the New Year, I was not expecting a real buzzy place. I was very pleased to find that this was not the case, the whole bistro was full of life. The staff were very friendly and the food was good, with a great choice for vegetarians as well as meat eaters. 
Food was nice staff attentive. Busy restaurant but service was good. There Assos special starter was not as spicy as I remember but still okay 
Went for a birthday meal appearance as we walked in was lovely and clean servers seated us and we're at the beginning very attentive took our starters and main requests quickly unlike previous comments I didn't think any part of our meal was large (shame I was hungry ).Our meals turned up we began eating which didn't take us long to finish then discovered most of our party who had sirloin steak didn't eat it or left lots due to it being salty should of read the reviews beforehand and stayed away from the steak one of the servers were told they at first didn't do anything we then waited a while for the desert menu which was delicious then came time for the bill shame the manager cannot accept criticism and she managed to spoil the ladies birthday meal won't be eating here again 
Have been a few times and steaks are usually good but decided to try the spiral cut steak - had it at Gaucho and it was delicious. This was not good at Lomito. Chewy to the point of being unable to eat some of it, nicely marinated though. Chips slightly dry too so overall a disappointing visit. Pork Belly was decent, large portion but a little too sweet. Ceviche starter was good and prawn starter also decent. Average for the price.  
Nicely decorated restaurant. Very clean. Expensive compared to other Turkish restaurants. Was served basmati rice with vermicelli, no Turkish rice. Quantity of meat was not as expected. It was all the cheap meat, no lamb chops. Bread was nice though. No free tea or desert like you would get else where. 
We came here as heard great things since it's opened to bigger shop! Service was excellent and loved that it's byo! We had starters and for main we had a sharing platter with all meats my starter was nice but our main was not the best we only had 2 pieces of chicken shish and 2 small pieces of lamb shish! The ribs were full of fat & very chewy! I also wasn't keen on there bulgar it was a bit flavourless!! 
Hi we had lunch here on Saturday, good points were the staff and the atmosphere. Bad points, the chicken wings were soggy and a bit slimy and hadn’t been trimmed, the green jalapeño sauce was tasty but the hot sauce lacked depth. The meat/ chicken based poor boy sandwich were of of a good size with proportionate amounts of filling to bread. The shrimp one was terrible 6 breaded shrimps on a sandwich for £9 - really???  
As one of the few places to eat in Crayford it's not bad. But it's not great and I struggle to see why it gets such good reviews on here. We went on a Sunday and it was quite quiet. Very dated inside. Bad wine selection. Calamari was rubbery and not well good but the halloumi was lovely. Chicken kebab was also pretty good but my partners steak was not that great. So a bit hit and miss really!  
Went with friends on Saturday evening for a meal. Place was packed. We went at 9 pm , relatively early it seems , as by the time we left , about 11 pm, there were at least 20-30 people waiting for tables. This is in addition to the people who were wanting a table outside where the Nargile's (Hookah's) were being served. Service was slow, fair number of staff, but not really coordinated. Food was relatively cheap, not West End prices obviously. Quality was OK meaning, good enough but not screaming out good. Loads of girls and loads of guys, may have been fun to go there a few decades back.  
We stopped here for a midday dinner. The restaurant had only a few dinners so was very quiet. 
We went for a meal last night and the restaurant was busy which is always a good start. We were given bread when we ordered our drinks but no side plates. We looked around and everyone was in the same boat so we just got on with it. The food was good the only complaint I would have is that I ordered mussels which were amazing and they were accompanied by chunky chips. Unfortunately the chips were not very chunky and were more like scraps. But apart from that a good meal. The tables are a little close together so I wouldn't go for a romantic meal if you don't want the people on the next table hearing your conversations. 
I really tried to give 5 stars as the food was so delicious and felt very authentic but I could not for the following reason: 
Fabulous food served by a very personable and knowledgeable chef, let down by the lack of service on what was a very quiet lunchtime! Very different to previous experiences here. 
I visited here mid week with some friends, it was quiet but that is expected during the week.  
Didn't make a reservation but was sort of reluctantly given a table with a requirement to finish by a certain time. This is immediately off putting particularly as the place was empty when we arrived. 
A nice place to start with, personally I wouldn’t name it a fine dining experience, but for a quick meal out it can be acceptable. Some dishes like the pizzas did lack identity, I hope it was just in our case. 
My companion and I visited the Beckenham, Kent, BR3 restaurant for a pre booked reservation at 1445 05/08/2020 and were promptly seated by a young staff member in close proximity to other patrons, we were not shown the sanitiser pump upon entry. We were sat for quite a long time until our order was taken by the same staff member who sat us and then asked again by the other two members of staff for our order as we sat for a while with no drinks as ordered. I requested that my Caprina pizza have vegan mozzarella instead of regular mozzarella due to a cow milk allergy but the goat's cheese was to be included on the pizza, my companion's order was for linguine frutti de mer. 
The first time we visited the service wasn't too great and it was OVERLY cramped. Couldn't hear a thing or move for that matter. We sat in the outside shisha area.  
The food was nice but I think the cleansiness could be better. We had to ask the waiter to clean the table as it was dirty. My glass also not very clean. It is also expensive for the food. 
It was fine, the food was tasty enough, the price was a bit above but ok, the service wasn't great, the atmosphere was ok. We live 5 minutes from here- will we be back probably not. Lovely espresso martini though!  
We booked a table for 14 people on a Friday night , when we got there they didn't have the table ready and there was a bit of commotion trying to get the table sorted. Food was okay, the shwarmas were cold and we had to repeatedly ask for more sauces. One of the waiters found it difficult to communicate so it would have maybe been better if they changed waiters for us. All in all a disappointment unfortunately.  
Was fairly excited about visiting the place as had heard so much about it.. visited in the weekday one evening with friends- the place was empty but lots of customers outside for shisha! We were seated straightaway but had to get up and go get menus ourselves.. Ordered food which arrived fairly quickly- very tasty and value for money yes, ordered the mixed grill which was lovely. Mocktails were lovely but a bit on the pricey side. There appeared to be one or two waiters running the whole floor.. Got our bill and were surprised to find an 'optional' service charge was added - now I would understand if we had received an exceptional service of some kind however this was not the case, and when we asked for it to be removed as there was very little service the waiter said it was too late which we found quite rude.. Nice food but will not be rushing back. 
Came here and it was very quiet so assume still quite new. There wasn't a huge selection on the menu but the portion sizes are reasonable for the cost. The quality was good though. My biggest annoyance was the waitor who couldn't work the card machine properly. I wouldn't rush back but wouldn't be put off eating there again.  
The lounge itself for shisha is abit cramped and does get really busy if you like a good atmosphere but they have a limit of 90 mins when u place your order untill they kindly ask you to leave. 
We often come here for a family get together but probably won't again. The food was very good but our enjoyment was spoilt by a party who had a lot of small children with them. The children eventually broke free from the side area where they were seated and proceeded to chase each other around the main part of the restaurant. The running was accompanied by high pitched screeching followed by inevitable sobbing when they fell. We weren't the only ones feeling the effect of this as other diners also had cause to speak to the manager who didn't really do anything although he should have, if only to highlight the health & safety aspect for the staff & diners as well as the children. All in all a 
Wasn't a bad experience, just that food wasn't as particularly amazing as I thought it was going to be following all I had read on trip advisor...service was ok although we did feel rushed and our plates were nearly taken away while we were still eating! The pide seemed more like cheese on toast rather then the quality pides I have had at other turkish restaurants....overall just ok for me. 
We spent one evening in Richmond and decided to go to the Beer Cellar due to the raving recommendations here on Tripadvisor. My husband likes craft beer and we were really looking forward to a nice meal. We had nice drinks, and the staff was friendly and corteaous but the food did not really live up to what we expected. I had chicken wings, which I've had about 50 times (at least) and never have they been served in a sauce. I'm used to them served so you take them in the hand and dip them in blue cheese dip etc (the American way, perhaps). My halloumi sallad was great though. My husband had a pulled pork on flatbread and it was served like a pizza. Could be that we mistook the menu. Anyway, we had expected another kind of food experience. 
Food GREAT service poor, we were given the bill before we had been served our dessert! Spoilt the evening. 
Surprisingly this being the restaurant we thought it would be more expensive and better than the lock bar .... Certainly more expensive but conveyor belt self service food that was not as good as the Left Bar...  
I don't like the word nice but can't think of another to correcty describe the food, ambience and experience here. For a restaurant in the middle of crayford its above good. If it were in central London it would be average, just as well it's in crayford then. I had the mussels which tasted good but we're gritty (sandy), the kleftico was very good for my main course and the crieme brulle was ok. The bill for three, we all had starters, main courses and dessets, two diet cokes each, a coffee and two baileys coffees was £99 so with a tip it was £33 each. I guess this is about right. We were rushed as the restaurant was full and there were people waiting but we were told we needed to be out by 9 so no big surprise. We were seated right next to the kitchen so it was very noisy but all in all it was a NICE place. 
Well... I have eaten here serval times now...the food is great, the portions are small...don't forget its quality not quantity! The only issue is the waiting staff take your plate away before you have finished your last bite....or is it me? 
A not very interesting bistro with rather unimaginative food. Not that expensive for its pretentions and good service ane the positives. 
I have made several trips here for food either with friends or to grab a quick lunch when I'm in the area. Decor, is fab. Menu choice is good.  
All of the food was yummy but often let down by the service which was slow and often forgetful. Also queried the bill as didn't receive an item of low value but the management didn't like the questioning and was they questioned my integrity. Considering the bill was over a £100 this was poor. It's a shame as the food was nice.  
I attended for lunch today with some friends. Had read many of the other reviews so I was pretty stoked about my visit. 
The portions are very generous. The food is lovely well cooked and presented. the service was good. However we were amazed to be confronted with a twelve and half per cent service charge on the whole bill which was totally unexpected as it was not mentioned on the menu or anywhere else. This a bad pracice and needs to be readdressed witt the option of not paying it. We choce to add a cash tip whatever we fee is apropriate 
Friday afternoon and a riverside walk with my wife and the dogs along the towpath from Twickenham brought us here.  
... good service, good (not great) food, weird location! Chose to eat locally rather than our usual trek to Kervan Sofrasi in Enfield... but never again... 
This is my 3rd visit in the past month, was disappointed this time not much choice for vegetarians . Charge for water once again not mentioned. Overall compared to my last 2 visits they just didn't seem to have a lot of variety unless it was meat based  
Had dinner last Sunday. Food was all nice. Starters were my favourite course lots of choice and variety. Main course was slightly lacking in green veg and a bit to much onion with everything veg.  
Went here for an early dinner on Sunday night - restaurant was not busy. Lady took our order which included our drinks, she did not writ it down which I thought was a bit odd. She asked if we wanted the starters and mains served together, we said no. 
The food was very tasty, so I guess that's the most important thing. But .... the restaurant was too cold and when I said something nothing was done to improve the situation (like shutting the door in November!). We moved table to get somewhere warmer but were told we couldn't sit at that table because a big party was coming in - it didn't. So were moved to a table near the loos. The loos were dirty- the actual toilet (you don't need details). At the end of the meal I said that we needed the bill quickly because we had a meeting to get to. Suffice to say there was no speed at all - busied himself clearing tables and chatting instead. Grr  
Wrote a review about a year ago about how I visit London sometimes solely to visit this place. They do the best food in town fresh and can't complain.. today we came from Birmingham and came straight here hungry and excited to be back for their food and shisha.. however I was dissapointed with the slow service today.. not so much the attitude of the staff as they have always been polite but just the slow service and a misunderstanding with our order.. however it was cleared up when I eventually got upset and annoyed and decided to pay and leave I explained my situation to a young lady at the counter and she sincerely apologised and offered us a seat and complimentary drinks to clear things up.. we also recieved complimentary fruit as an apology and was not charged the 10% service fee to ensure that we wouldn't leave the place as unhappy costumers.. which i guess is most important as we left fairly satisfied. If we had left before the issue was cleared up I would have left extremely unhappy and was on the verge of writing a very angry review.. however if you voice your concerns/issues it will be dealt with promptly. On the other hand food is always great made fresh and flavoursome and they do do the best shisha in town. 
+ It seems to be a popular place as far as we could tell! We did not make any reservation however were admitted and given a time limit until the people who reserved their table would arrive (nice gesture). 
visited this place with a friend of mine while on business in December 2016. although we were seated relatively quickly we had to wait almost 45 minutes for one shisha and a pot of mint tea. on the flip side the shisha was good and so was the tea. 
I visited this place twice. The shisha itself was very average. Many people claim it to be the best shisha lounge but it seems like they don't smoke very often because the shisha here is very average. The service was OK but the staff need to look a bit more happier. The place itself wasn't bad but if your after the a good quality smoke then you won't find it here.  
Overpriced and nothing special about the food. Good location but I will not go again unless they are realistic on prices. 
A cut above the average Indian restaurant with more imaginative menu than usual, good food and friendly service 
We wanted a table very short notice on same day and they sorted (5 people) so was intially impressed. We had wine (girls) & beers for the lads. THe place was full so it must ahve a pretty good rep but our experience was ok. Waiting staff are ncie enough but sometimes did not undertsand you LOL. I had calamari & hellim starter and a mixed grill main which was so lovely, it really was. My freind has mussels, which were cold, he then got had them heated obviusly in a ikcrrowave and teh mussels turned to rubber and the sauce all dry. We commented on this and they denied it had been microwaved but as we got it abck within a minute or so it had to have been heated in teh microwave, which killed the dish. He then ordered a grilled steak, which was clearly fried as no searing marks from grilling. We hate to complain but we knew what they did and confronted them and the restaurant just lied LOL I had a lemon cheesecake, which was awful not homemade and out of a packet! Personally my starter and main was lovely and the others enjoyed theirs. Not a bad place but notning special and I will not be returning 
This establishment has developed so much and has come so far since they first opened years ago. Their shisha is a bit hit and miss, their food is very good, their drinks are good and their service is always friendly. 
I booked this restaurant for my birthday. I rang to let them know that we were going to be 10 minutes late and they said that would be OK. On arrival I believed that the table for 10 would be already set up, as the restaurant was empty inside, however we waited 15 minutes for our table to be ready. I do have to say that we were greeted by a lovely gentleman at the door. 
We visited as a group of about 15 for a birthday. The staff was good and service was good but food was very average and nothing special and felt a but overpriced for what it was.  
After searching for best burger in Richmond, we found this to go for 
Noticed Poor Boys a few weeks ago while having lunch in a Restaurant opposite. While having a nose in, I spoke with the manager who advised it was their opening day. Promised we'd pop in for lunch when back in Kingston, so last weekend, that's what we did. I was really looking forward to eating here, but was left disappointed. 
Dropped in the off chance to a very busy evening. Table for two sorted easily despite the restaurant being busy. Atmosphere was good, everyone having a good evening but helped by three large parties being in. Nicely decorated with a Mediterranean menu plus steaks. Have to say my T bone was a bit fatty, probably lost 4 oz off my 21 oz steak! My wife's sirloin was excellent though. Definitely worth another visit but only if our favourite restaurant is full again! 
I reserved a table for 8 people at 8.00pm on a Saturday night, but for some reason we were asked to be at there at 7.00pm which was a little earlier than we had wanted. I hoped this didn’t mean we would be shifted out early for a second sitting but this wasn’t so.  
I've been going to assos for a number years as its local and cheap. Since they have refurbished back in Aug 2013 the prices have sord. 
The food is excellent and truly authentic but oh so expensive. 
The food was satisfactory and the shishsa is decent. However, we had ordered some desserts and they had forgotten about the order and had to be reminded. 
Visited this restaurant for the first time last Saturday evening. We had seen great reviews for the place. The lighting is very bright inside. Nice decor and it was relatively busy even at 7pm. The stuffed vine leaves that my husband had for starters were really very bland. He then had the kleftico, which wasn't meltingly tender as it should be. I had the centik kebab, which was ok, one piece of the lamb was very chewy. We both had creme brulee for pudding and they were nothing like brulees that I have eaten before. There was no real taste, it was like eating a pot of runny cream. We had a bottle of house red, which was ok. All in all food was average, I wouldn't rush to go back in a hurry as I have eaten at better restaurants locally. Service was ok and I agree with some other reviewers that they do like to usher you out the door as soon as possible. 
We turned up 8pm table of 6. The menu seemed promising but took half an hour before someone took our order. We didn't order anything complicated so were hoping for a quick start. Over an hour later we finally asked where are starters were having seen several larger parties arrive and get their starters, their initial reaction was defensive apparently we may have ordered 'complex' starters. However they then checked and it turns out our order hadnt been put through, there was no apology, just informed service is usually much quicker. At this point we were ready to eat our napkins!! So the chances of any tip and us returning was gone. Food was nice, but nothing special and over priced. 
A little disappointing. The restaurant is too small and cramped, therefore the seating is very close! It was also very smoky in there from the grill. Food was nice but £4 extra to eat in than takeaway. Bread, dips and olives were free and lovely. Average £10 per head for a kebab. 
I can't understand all the rave reviews about this place. Yes it's nicely decorated, supposed to be quite trendy etc but if you want to have an enjoyable meal with excellent customer service this is NOT the place to come. I came here with my elderly parents and a couple of their friends. We ordered a selection of hot and cold mezze which was very nice to be fair. We also ordered the labneh which is supposed to be a very thick middle eastern yoghurt. It arrived as a runny mush, but we didn't bother making a fuss. Every time we wanted something because not all the food arrived together, not everyone had cutlery, we literally had to either shout quite loudly or walk over to a waitress to get any kind of service. Frankly the service is pretty appalling, and I think the owners at Beirut Nights really need to work hard not to get too cocky with their perceived success at how their restaurant / shisha bar is doing. It's not somewhere I will be rushing back to in a hurry that's for sure. When I go out, I want to have good customer service. On top of that, they had the audacity to add on a 12.5% service charge - service charge for what?! Seriously Beirut Night owners, please have a look at your waiting staff and realise how lousy the service is they are providing. 
For the horrible location in the middle of nowhere why are beirut nights expecting people to pay the same price as a restaurant in central London  
First impressions are very good indeed. A friendly welcome and we were quickly escorted to our reserved table. The serving staff are all very efficient and polite. We were quickly supplied with perfectly cooked poppadums’ and dips. We ordered a couple of glasses of fizz while we chose from the menu. A bottle of Valpolicella was ordered and promptly delivered by what I hope was the wine waiter, as he knew every detail about how this particular wine was made, very impressive and informative. 
Went here on a Friday night with friends and family. Great food,lots of choice unfortunately the service was really bad. The waitresses were grabbing our plates before we'd finished and couldn't get us out quick enough. Unfortunately the bad service means we won't go back. Such a shame as the restaurant is very nice and the food great. 
Delicious and quite unique food but tiny portions as compared to the price. Service was warm and friendly.  
Having visited this restaurant before with friends. I was interested to see if it had improved or the menu changed since my last visit. But it had not. It was very busy on the Saturday night we went there and as a consequence was quite noisy. The menu hasn't changed at all in the last few years. But the food is quite nice and the service reasonable. The fact that this is the only restaurant in the area serving Mediterranean cuisine is the reason for its popularity. The prices are reasonable for the portions served. 
Chose this restaurant for a Sunday lunch. We were seated and waited... A waiter came over to ask if we wanted a drink and had to repeat our order about 3 times.. I was hesitant that it would come back correct. Approx 15 mins later our drinks arrived. We were asked to place our food order and I had to ask what the soup of the day was. I chose the chicken roast option. Atho the portion of chicken and veg was generous, there were only 2 roast potatoes, soggy yorkshire that tasted very much like a pancake and no stuffing option. I chose the creme brulee for desert which tasted like cold custard with a crispy topping. Not the best Ive had by far. My son had a fillet steak which looked lovely but with a rather dodgy salad and chips that would suit a cafe better. Wont be rushing back. 
Lovely food, service and atmosphere. A bit of the pricey side for what you get; you could go north/east London and get the same for a fraction of the price, however, for crayford it's beautiful. Recommend for family/couples. being turkish i do think the food is lovely and a very original. The service is amazing and you wouldn't get better anywhere else local. Hope that helps!!  
We had meal at turtle bay staines, food was average, mine was very dry - goat curry hash. my partner had goat curry was ok. 
Lot of fuss about being seated promptly at 12.00 and leaving the table at 1.30. However lots of empty tables on the day and in fact they didn't rush us out. Four of us were seated on a table for two and we had to put the candle and glasses on the floor to make space which meant there was no room to store the flowers my daughter had brought for Mothers Day. The waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable. We ordered cocktails to start but one of them was cleared away only half finished. Ordered two glasses of wine but they brought the whole bottle (which of course we had to pay for). The steak was just a lump of meat on the plate, which was ridiculously over-priced, accompanied by too many fat chips and no other vegetable/salad. Somebody had been ill right on the door step but the restaurant made no attempt to wash the mess away (yuk!) 
Heard the hype so visited with friends. The service was very good but the steak and sides were distinctly average. Tried the marinated steak, cooked as recommended, and it was seriously tough. The wines are overpriced which led to a bill of just shy of £100 per couple. If you like your steak, I would recommend Prime in Chandlers Cross, that is if you can get in. 
Nice restaurant located on Northwood High Street. The steak I ordered was OK (Churrasco de cuadril). Wife ordered the chicken, which she liked. Will definitely give this place another go as I've heard that the steaks are generally very good, so likely it was a one off for me. Customer service was good and the director (Pom) was very friendly. 
Very nice atmosphere suited for couples and dates in general.  
Elements of the visit were great, other’s less so. Helpful staff, food was ok and nice environment. Very narrow menu. Seemed a bit lapse on hygiene...an example being one of the staff went up to the kitchen to get plates and returning with a small child presumably belonging to another diner carrying the plates. There was also little interest in hygiene behind the bar with staff handling the preparation of desserts, waste food and money with no hand washing between tasks.  
Meat was excellent! It could be amazing if I haven't ordered the sauces and sides. Only eat the steak, humitas and drink. The Bearnaise was the worst I have tried. The humitas was nice. Salad very boring. The place looks amazing and they have almost everything right. A bad sauce can kill your meat. Change it! The bar downstairs have good cocktails and the service was good.  
Any time I visit it's very busy. The 1st few times iv visited I never considered trying the food but I did the other day and it's nice. The service from the staff is great can see they have had good training.  
we've been looking forward to eating there for ages mainly because of the trip advisor reviews but we left wondering what all the fuss was about.The room whilst OK is not stunning,The staff were good but the food quite average.We were expecting light fresh tastes that cannot be found elsewhere in Kingston but our prawn,chicken and aubergine dishes were all in thick indistinguishable sauces.In all not living up to the reviews 
My friends and I visited the restaurant after a lovely day out. 
Although it has to be said that the quality of meat is very good, everything else around that is somewhat lacking. 
Beautiful restaurant for sure, and food is absolutely delicious, however extremely overpriced. And chips are way too salty. 
Been coming to ask regularly for a few years and up until about a year ago was great, however, portions /pizza's have got smaller and not quite as good quality, shame really,  
Took hubby here for birthday last night - booked a table a month ago requesting a nice quiet corner, stating the occasion. Arrived, clearly no reference made to the reservation note, invited to choose any table - all were nestled amongst other full tables, there were no quiet corner spots left. Nevermind. Good beer selection - ultimately this is what we came for. And cool underground venue. Mussels were tasty. But all the other 'pig' food was imho not as good as I had expected from the reviews - sloppy pizza. 
These guys are trying too hard to do 'Indian Fine Dining' when it simply isn't. Yes, it's different and yes it's a nice setting...but I wasn't that impressed. Their 'twist' on Chicken Tikka Masala is frankly weird (adding whiskey) and it has a real burnt taste to it. The starters were amazing, I must add...but main courses were very disappointing.  
Went for evening meal with family. Were not asked about drinks until our starters arrived(!!). We made do with water until then. 
This restaurant offers a different Indian dining experience and could be considered more 'upmarket' when compared to most of the Indian restaurants in the area. Don't expect to see the usual and familiar selection of dishes. The decor is nice and there was a lovely buzzy atmosphere. Service on the whole was good but the drinks were very slow to be served and had to be chased every time. The choice of food is interesting with scallops and soft crabs amongst the starters and I enjoyed my main of chicken on the bone in a rich tomato sauce. My husband was less impressed with his. Popodums came in small bite size pieces but were not crisp. Why the 3 star rating? I think the execution of the food does not quite live up to what it promises and in my view does not offer good value for money. 
I've been to Ask Beckenham for lunch a number of times and have really liked it, praising both staff and the food. Yesterday was my husband's 65th birthday, and as the main celebration will be at the weekend, we chose Ask for a meal on the actual birthday, as we both liked it so much on previous visits. In advance I rang and emailed to say it was my husband's birthday and also told the manager when we were shown to our table. To our surprise the complimentary glass of fresh lemonade which we have always been given in at previous meals did not appear and there was quite a long wait for our orders to be taken. The restaurant was very busy and it seemed only 3 people waiting on tables so they were really rushing around. The starters arrived and I mentioned to the waitress about the lemonade and she went to get some. My husband's whitebait was, he said, delicious. I ordered the butterfly king prawns on roasted Italian bread ( I have had this every time I have been there) but this time it had been cooked a bit too long so the edges of some of the prawns were blackened and the bread was stuck to the bottom of the dish. The pieces of prawn I could eat were as good as always. I thought to call the waitress or manager over to ask for a replacement but they were so busy it was too hard to get their attention so I ate what I had. When we were given our starters the waitress asked if we wanted black pepper. We said yes, but instead of going round to my husband to put it on his dish the waitress just leaned across me and did it that way ! When the pizzas arrived a different waitress put mine down on top of my serviette and cutlery and then walked off ! The pizzas were excellent, as always. We ordered coffee and on all previous visits we have been given a complimentary glass of limoncello with the coffee. Especially as I had told them it was my husband's birthday, I had expected this to happen but no. Just the coffees came. We were not asked at any time if we enjoyed the meal, not even as we left. We were so disappointed as Ask Beckenham has always been one of our favourite restaurants and although we do not live locally consider it worth the at least half an hour drive to get there. We have recommended it to many people. Would we come again ? Bearing in mind this is the first time we have left the restaurant unhappy with our meal, we would come again but for something like a birthday or a special occasion, unlikely. Sadly a disappointing evening. 
The waiter happily declared he could just about tell the difference between red and white wine but was friendly enough. Mains and a bottle of wine need to be pretty good to come in over £100 - it wasn't. Meat was better than a pub but a long way off some of the melt in your mouth steak you can now get in London. And the sides really were pretty average. Hugely disappointing but matches up with anecdotal feedback rather than tripadvisor. 
Rox Ana is the sort of restaurant you would be happy to be taken, but probably not one you'd want to return to too often if you're picking up the bill. 
Roz-ana has the local reputation of excellence but having been there for my first visit, I wouldn't agree. The food was OK, but neither as fresh nor as hot as I would have expected. Whilst the decor and ambiance is lovely and different to the average Indian, I will not be going back and would take my business next door to the more traditional and less pricey establishment. 
Said they only take bookings and told us to come back. Could understand that if the restaurant was full, but it wasn't. They apply a service charge on your bill, which is optional, as to whether you pay it or not. The food was very tasty and hot.  
We stayed here for one night in room 5 and had to wait until 2pm to check in even on a quiet weekday, the room we was given was the smallest ever about 10 feet wide. The pub itself is small as well but quite charming.  
After all the raving about this place I was expecting great things to be honest. 
We had planned to have a curry at lunchtime, but the local Indian had a kitchen fire. We walked just a bit up the road to the Crown and Cushion instead. 
We had high expectations of The Beautiful South after reading the past reviews. Sad to say that on this occasion the restaurant disappointed. Service was friendly but a little clumsy and the food was very average. Hope that this was a bad day for them because there is a need in the area for a restaurant offering high quality European cuisine. 
We have been here many times and each time is fantastic. The food is wonderful and the service is great too. Up marks food that still tastes like.home! 
As above, really. Staff coped very well with a large influx of guests from a cancelled flight. A curry was ~£13, rice an extra £3.50, naan similarly so. 
Didn’t really have any expectations for my visit as I’ve heard the food is shambles. It was OK, the drinks were amazing! I ordered the chicken burger, when I got home! I was throwing up and (you know..) not sure how I was the only one who got ill off a table of 7! But it wasn’t how I expected it to end as I was pleasantly pleased.  
Nothing special here - all fur coat and no knickers as the saying goes! Food comes in small portions and isn't particularly nice - don't even get me started on how overpriced it is. The shisha is decent quality but also overpriced. The new wooden seats aren't very comfortable for long term chilling!  
Lots of meat. Sauce a little bland but the meat was quite dry. Will try it again as hopefully a one off 
Ordered chkn shawarmas... Food Not very warm at all, we were seated on low tables suitable for shisha users but not for diners' Overpriced food! 2 chkn shawarma w/fries/pitta n 2 drinks came to £25!! 
We spent around £60 for 2 courses (set menu) with poppadoms and drinks. Was nice and convenient as we were staying at the Radisson Blu.  
Very limited menu- not even a garlic naan on the menu! 
Nice place, great ambiance.  
I had heard lots of good things about this restaurant. From my visit I came to the conclusion: ery good service in the restaurant, outside in the sheesha area - not so much. The waitresses were very quick with the order and food was quickly served. Good time between starters and mains. Portions were decent, lamb cutlets hardly had anything on them. Taste was okay. Mocktails were nice - very strong in flavour. Dessert looked nice, didnt taste very good. Thumbs up for presentation. We asked to go outside for sheesha, manager said it was really busy as people had just come but he'd try to get us out there. Came back after 10 minutes and said he managed to get us space. Outside we were literally sitting on top of each other, it was that cramped. Sheeshas tasted horrible. A bit noisy outside. Waiters outside were forgetful. The word that came to me when sitting there was HYPE. Nothing amazing about this place. 
Having heard a lot about this place from some friends, I expected to get the best. 
Lovely little restaurant, friendly staff, mixed results with the food. 
Visited this restaurant on a Saturday evening, got there begore restaurant really got busy and like many others were greeted by an array of staff, all friendly. Restaurant was really cold possibly as we were seated under the aircon, on max!  
Although the food is good (all empty plates on our table), the marketing, the ambience, the customer service and the pricing are all in need of improvement.  
Having eaten here before we were looking forward to visit but things have gone badly downhill. Food was just average and portion sizes small for the price. Service was very poor on numerous counts including forgetting to cook one person’s main course completely and bringing a substitute dessert that two people found inedible. Won’t be returning. 
Modern restaurant situated close to Northwood tube station. 
i had scampi & chips - that old 1970s favourite - for a quick lunch; it was reasonably priced and the service was good (with a smile). For what i wanted it was good - but not haute cuisine. I would use again for such a meal. 
Came for a girly night. Manager Tariq gave us some attention but the waitresses kept forgetting our requests e.g. had to ask for some of our drinks several times before they came. Food was only ok nothing special baby chicken is v nice. chips not great sauces were good. they do try their best but they are busy and sometimes feel as though they can not cope. long wait between starters and mains but we didnt mind as we were there to socialise. 
Very nice place. Clean and tidy. Service was good apart from the wait of about 40 minutes for our main course. As we had to go back to work it felt a bit rushed after that. The food was nice but the soft drinks all came served out of cans.  
I was looking forward to dining here as it was near where we staying having had a day out at the Derby. I nearly gave it 4 stars but thought that would be too generous, although 3 seems a bit mean. So 
The restaurant was beautiful and the waiting staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. I wasn't too impressed with the food, I had the Hariyali Paneer Tikka which was bland and rubbery. I wasn't too impressed when the bill came and there was a service charge which nobody mentioned would be added on! Looking at the menu again online I can now see it's written in small print right at the very bottom but I wish the staff had pointed it out to me or mentioned it to me, prior. 
The staff was very friendly and provided good service, and the family style food servings gave us options to try. While I am not usually a big fan of Indian food, I found myself trying most of the offerings. Most of the starters seemed pretty good, especially the Amritsari Machchi (tilapia), with my Frontier beer. 
Food was fine but we dropped like $100 on a fairly modest dinner for 2. Butter chicken and spinach were good. Malai kofta was fine. 
Was super skeptical to list this as authentic Caribbean as it’s a chain restaurant and didn’t appear to be overly authentic  
We were served by 4 different staff who were all rather nice. However it was not the smoothest process. We received the wrong starter, garlic prawns instead of Prawn cocktail - this was rectified! But then it took 1hr 40mins to receive our mains. We were not in a hurry, but this made for a poor experience.  
I love the fact that you can use a Tastecard in Ask most days.This was a good pre Gatwick flight stop. 
First off - we have a very enjoyable meal. The restaurant in nice inside and the service was hard to fault. I suppose I have two main reasons for the Average rating: 
Eat at the crown and Cushion today. The food was first class but did not see one table cleared sprayed clean after being cleared for next guest outside. Inside there was a queuing system. 
I had the dough balls as a starter and my wife had the mushrooms. They were very nice and then we had the verdure pizza on different bases. They were really quite bland sadly. Service was good and the surroundings nice enough but we will try a different pizza next time 
I've eaten here 3 times and have always been underwhelmed by the quality of the grub. The place and atmosphere is excellent, but it's not in the same league, quality wise as Goodman and The Hawksmoor, but you're paying the same price for the privilege. 
Nice smooth shisha and buzzing atmosphere, food looked great, but a poor erractic and scarce service asthey were under staffed and a little disornganised to say the least. Seating was made of floor decking and had no cushions so expect a sore bottom being the reason you leave. We wont be revisiting in a hurry not that it will be noticed as the local arabic community fills the place up. The Banc shisha is by far better alround. 
Had invited the team to dine at Annayu. The restaurant itself is beautifully decorated and the staff were super amazing making suggestions and assisting in the selection of dishes. the hostess at our table Miss Rodriguez's was absolutely fantastic and was always there to make sure we were never left with empty glasses of drinks or barren plates. she does get a 10/10. 
Restaurant is located within the Radisson Blu, which is very convenient when staying in the hotel. The restaurant was not bad, I liked the good. But the portions are small, which makes it a bit expensive. 
In for a group business dinner. Sober decoration. Good choice of Indian food, well prepared, very short wine list. Dinner took almost two and a half hours, extremely slow service. Christine was nice but a bit intrusive, making everybody note she was around. 
Dined here with old school mates. I was extremely disappointed with the service. A friend of mine asked for a glass of Pepsi twice, before the waitress brought it. I asked for a glass of water and was still waiting; in the end just gave up. Mixed Grill was good taste wise; but a bit too try and was over cooked. I would have understood if it was busy, but it wasn't.  
I like this restaurant. The main component is the argentinian steak, and it has become are default restaurant when we want a quick family dinner that is meat based. The food is generally very good. So once a month, when we can't be bothered to cook or we want to take the kids out and have a family meal after school, we default to Lomita. The staff are pleasant and the steak is good.  
Pleasant Atmosphere, however tables were uneven. Food was really good but not enough what we payed for. Everything was small quantity we had to order more but arrived later than what we could expect.  
In terms of the shisha it was okay. On the other hand is too small, to be more specific, we were 10 people sharing one table. Overall very professional service. 
The food was tasty and the service was relatively quick, however, we had the lights above us turned off in the middle of our meal and found ourselves eating in the dark! Slightly disappointed that the atmosphere let us down. 
Decided to try here, as limited options locally outside the hotel. Food was fine, if a little pricey. However main bug bearer is the practice of automatically putting on 12.5% service charge. I have no objection to tipping for service that warrants it and indeed the service here was very good. However how much and if to tip, really should be a personal choice. My opinion on this matter was not altered when presented with the bill, there was a field to add in a sum for a tip. Bearing in mind the 12.5% service charge had already been added on automatically, I'm really not sure why this field was an option. Really not a fan of this practice. 
Chose this location as it is only a quarter mile walk across the bridge to Windsor Castle and Windsor itself.......there are 8 rooms available up steep and uneven stairs however the room itself was clean albeit a bit small....bathroom was small but modern and clean.......might be a tad hot during the summer as not many windows for ventilation......reasonably priced and there is parking included at the rear of the pub.....food was average pub fare..... 
We had a big celebration lunch here with about 8-9 of us. A couple of us had been before but I I have to say I was disappointed. I felt like the food was overpriced and the service pushy. I hate being rushed and constantly interrupted when I’m talking to my friends. In and between the interruptions, the waitress and waiter were helpful - so they’re probably just being put under pressure to turn tables around quickly. The food was nice but very overpriced (it’s tasty but it’s kebab style meat and chips not haute cuisine!) and I must have been asked if I wanted another drink about 10 times. Good,but needs to adopt a more sophisticated approach if it wants to be a highly-rated restaurant.  
I wanted to try fish and chips in the restaurant and the quantity would have been okay, but it was tasteless. Maybe it has to be tasteless, but I will not order that again. 
I sought out Annayu on a business trip, on the back of TI reviews. 
Interior and exterior of the restaurant is nice but food was a huge let down. I ate chicken and rice, which was quite bland. And portions were quite small. The Baclava was delicious. However the staff were lovely, very helpful and friendly.  
We stoped here after visiting the castle. I got the roast beef and horseradish sandwich. The roast beef was hard to bite into (almost impossible), the horseradish was overpowering. It made my nose burn. Stay away from the coleslaw. It is all mayo. Really gross. My husband got the Canadian burger. His was ok - except the burger to bun ratio.  
The decor here was not what I would have expected from a restaurant that charges these sort of prices. Bare tables and very small. The tables were packed so no privacy. The steak was excellent after sending it back once as not cooked enough but way overpriced. I have eaten better fillet in an Aberdeen Steak House in London. Will not be returning. 
One of the major pro's with TB is that the food is prepared from scratch on the premises. The con is that the food quality depends on the chef on that night.  
Once you actually receive any food at this restaurant, it looks and tastes delicious. However, it's journey to the table is fraught. 
We enjoyed the fun and informal atmosphere, although the tables were sticky. The food was full of flavour....pretty spicy, not for those with a tame palate! Overall had good service and a pleasant evening.  
Saw the sign outside for sandwiches so went in for a quick lunch but was not that impressed. You get a lot for your money, I had a cheese and pickle on ciabatta but it was ruined by the huge amount of Branston that they put on it, made the bread soggy and spoilt the meal. The chips had no taste at all. 
We had a lovely meal with a big but. Last summer we went to turtle bay for cocktails and promised to return. 5 months later we did. The menu is made up of highly spiced Caribbean food. We opted for the very good £15 meal deal. It was a good choice as the menu is vast and we had no idea of portion sizes. (They turned out to be generous ). The food was very good, nicely cooked with lots of chilli. 4 stars for food.  
We dined as a family, and ordered starters, mains and dessert. 
There was a broken coffee machine so no hot water. Couldn’t even boil the kettle to make a Tea !? Then there was no spices for the “spicy fries” hmm. Food was lovely tho but kitchen errors.  
This is my second favourite pub in Eton the first being the George Inn.It is my favourite because doubles are quite cheap and they stay open much later than other pubs. 
I have dined at Rozana twice and have ordered a take away on one occasion. My first experience dining at the restaurant was very good. My partner and I sat upstairs, the lighting was ambient, not brash and too bright like it can be downstairs, the service was very good and we really enjoyed the food. The second time I visited with my daughter, we sat downstairs, We felt like we were sat in a cafe. The lighting was too bright and we mentioned this to the waitress. She herself agreed and confessed that she gets a headache sometimes but doesn't like to say anything to management so I did her a favour and asked them to turn it down. The food on this occasion was mediocre and the service was not great, probably because the waitress had a headache. She kept disappearing and the other waitress appeared only to serve food then disappeared. It was a complete joke I felt, for such a highly rated restaurant. I haven't returned since. I ordered a takeaway and the portions were quite small, a complete rip off. There is a place in Wimbledon Iyara restaurant and their take away is streets ahead, I'll stick with them. 
The Staines restaurant is well run with a great team.  
Had a snack lunch of cheese and bacon potato skins which were fine. It is a no fuss basic pub with friendly staff with food at a sensible price. 
Large portions but very average quality.. Cuts of meat not good and hidden with gravy's/sauces, etc., I would prefer quality vs. quantity.. Tourist area so are able to charge in excess  
Went to this highly rated restaurant for the first time on Saturday evening with a group of friends and arrived at just before 8 o'clock 
It’s an airport hotel so obviously expensive, in terms of food quality some was good (particularly some of the starters) though some average, and the lamb in the palak ghost was a bit disappointing (some fatty pieces I basically had to spit back out rather than chew). 
This is a good restaurant spoiled by the poor service> I waited for a very long time for the drinks I ordered. The scallops were particularly good and the lamb rogan josh also very good. 
This was the first time I'd been to Roz Ana having never heard of it despite living close by. The food was lovely but we were sat near the door to the upstairs tables and so there was a constant flow of waiters going back and forth causing a draught every time they opened the door. A phone was also near by and it rang and rang and was only rarely answered. I think this was people phoning for a take-away. The staff were too busy to answer it so we had to endure listening to it ring again and again. Spoilt the evening really as it was so irritating. The beer I ordered was also a long time coming and I had practically finished my first course by the time it arrived. 
We have been to this place many years ago and were not wowed by it then. Having been recommended Rozana by someone, we thought we'd go and give it another try. The food is fussy, with interesting tweaks, opulently presented, but thoroughly average and rather expensive. The service, however, was very good, chatty and with lots of smiles. The New Devi Tandoori next next door would be my preference as more reasonable priced. Would come to Rozana again, but not rushing back by any means. 
Having read all the great reviews was really looking forward to trying this restaurant. Unfortunately my expectations were too high. Nice enough space, menu was a bit different. Unfortunately for me it did not deliver on taste or portion size. Poppadom basket was fine, onion bhaji basket was OK, the potato and lentil starter was different. The monkfish Goan curry and the peri peri prawns were very disappointing, small portions and not that tasty. The best things were the steamed rice and naan bread. Maybe it was the choices we made off the menu but we did not get the meal I'd hoped for. 
We arrived around 8.30 for a drink at the bar .. it wasn’t busy but the staff we chatting and we did have to wait for around ten minutes to be served..Cocktails were good  
Beautiful restaurant. Great manners on the phone and generally very pleasant staff. 
I wasn't staying at the hotel but heard this place was nice. 
We had our company meal at this restaurant after seeing all the fantastic review from the website.  
We had a nice midweek meal here, it's not anything special but good for lunch or dinner on a budget with reasonable service.  
Only my second time at an Ask but this time I wasn't that impressed. From memory the menu seemed a lot less interesting than before and I struggled to see anything that would set this chain above its competitors on the high street. 
Food arrived on cold plates. I mean "COLD!" When asking the host about this, he flopped us off with "the food is hot!"... A guest and myself ordered the same menu item and were very disappointed. Service (aka "attention to detail") - poor. 
We enjoyed our stay at the Radisson, but I was rather disappointed with its choice of restaurants.  
Ask is in a great spot in Beckenham, just across the road from the car park by the church. It's been a while since I visited so I don't know when they got the new look, but it's really added to the casual informal atmosphere, really appealing. It's a great place to sit and chat, catch up and dine out for a special occasion or an everyday lunch or dinner with friends and family. 
An average burger and a pizza which could have easily been bettered by the supermarket freezer cabinet. Very heavy on the oregano. 
It’s a standard chain restaurant experience. I had the wings for starter and the jerk chicken breast for the main. The wings hardly had any flavour so wouldn’t recommend but the jerk breast was alright. Portion size is a problem tho, still felt hungry afterwards. The staff were friendly, was a busy Saturday night and everything looked organised, never had to wait long at all. The drinks menu hs good variety, little pricey but was fine. It’s a mixed bag this one, it’s not poor but it’s not something to write home about. 
Popped in for unplanned meal on a Friday evening - atmosphere good and tables available so didn't have to wait. Service was prompt and the food up to the usual Ask standard.  
I visited this restaurant for an evening meal. The service was good, our waitress was friendly and cheerful. The cocktail I had (Italian Twinkle) was really good. 
My reviews are solely based on food, so please excuse me if I point this out. 
The food menu is limited. Not the place to come if you you want to enjoy a desert. The price is reasonable and the food is of a decent standard. The restaurant has a nice ambiance but the rocky table we had was poor.  
As it is in the Radisson the environment in the restaurant is pretty nice. 
Had some rose wine, Jeera Rice and a Dhal. The Dhal was just ok, but the Jeera rice had rice not fully boiled. the rose wine was just average. 
The waitress was not very friendly.. she was trying to judge how much I would spend on the dinner..food was average.. service slow, don't serve masala chai also basically this is super average experience. 
We sat ourselves down near the bar as we were only getting drinks and it was very busy. The drinks were okay price for what they were but the service wasn’t great. They didn’t put any effort in to be nice and they just seemed rushed all night. Was a shame as it’s such a nice restaurant  
Nice dining room and conveniently located, this place offers a reasonable, predictable meal, and good value especially with vouchers. 
I was here on a Saturday night. This is not a typical Indian restaurant - think more a restaurant, that serves Indian food, in an expensive hotel. The choice was rather limited but what I had was good. The service was formal and polite. Magners at £4.50 for a 350ml bottle, total for the meal £50. Unless you're keen on expensive Indian food I'd look elsewhere. 
We were surprised that it only opens at 6:30. Got a seat easily and the waiter was prompt in taking orders. The food came quickly. My butter chicken masala had a tasty gravy but the chicken had a gamy flavor and had not picked up the flavor of the dish (as if cooked chicken was added later). The tandoori roti tasted fine but was not soft. The vegetarian dish my wife ordered tasted good but not out of the ordinary. The rice pilaf was very good! 
Had a family mean here, menu ok food average if I was being honest. Sharing platter starter was nice and fresh mains very average. We had a discount voucher so the bill was very reasonable. Not sure I would be happy paying full menu prices. Staff very friendly  
Unfortunately our experience was spoiled by an unnecessary long wait! We appreciate during busier times it can be difficult and it is expected to have to wait some time to get a table, this is completely understandable. We were happy to wait by the bar and were told to wait approximately 15-20 mins (as we did not want to sit at the table next to the chef station). An hour or more later (by this point we were very frustrated as we had seen others being seated) I approached the host, whom was obviously busy, and he did not recognise me and mistook me as part of another large group. Immediately he began to clear a table for us, however we were disappointed that we were forgotten and had to remind him that we were waiting. It’s a shame there isn’t a better system for waiting for a table (eg buzzer/ raffle number or even writing our name down!). If we had known and the host. The only good parts about our visit was the food/drinks and also the lovely service from our waitress, Tonia! She was very kind and had great customer service!  
Called in for dinner on the recommendation of my friend. We ordered our food, the server didn't appear too interested in us and sucked up to another table, which was a shame as it set the tone. Didn't feel valued or welcomed, just indifferent. Food was average, which, sadly was a let down as the restaurant looked lovely. Perhaps we caught them on a bad evening, but I walk with my feet and I wouldn't go back. My daughters and friend agree the atmosphere was not great, however, they didn't let it spoil our evening. 
This is an Indian restaurant at the Radisson Blue Hotel at London Heathrow airport on Bath Road. We ate there twice. Personally I was not impressed with either meal. In contrast my wife really enjoyed her meals - she had buttered chicken on both occasions. However, the restaurant was clean and bright and the staff polite and efficient. 
Food was great, venue nice, service was good when they were available. The staff appeared over stretched so it was a matter of catching their eye each time you were ready for the next stage. A little tedious but overall didn't spoil evening.  
Ok! Lamb pasanda could be cooked a bit more.  
Our starters were scampi and mixed dough balls; our mains: pork belly and lasagne. All were well presented and tasty. A balsamic specific to the chain was caramelly and went well with the salad and the dough balls. We shared a raspberry cheesecake dessert but although the promised raspberry sorbet accompaniment was provided, fresh strawberries replaced missing fresh raspberries. The cheesecake was dry and disappointing. "Extra dry" prosecco was too sweet for our palettes and at well over £20 a bottle seemed overpriced. 
Visited on a Saturday early evening (17:30 - 19:15) as a party of four. Service was fairly slow, however that may be because we were in between the lunchtime and evening peak times. Anyway, it is nice not to be rushed. 
This restaurant had very pleasant food and a nice wine choice, but the waitors were not very attentive. Hard to get attention and service 
A party of 10 visited Annayu in July for a dinner. As with most places the tables are long - wish more places would invest in round tables! The service was slower than we would have liked. Several dishes ran out. Some of the food had nice flavours - was not spicy at all. The butter chicken was very dissapointing. Staff were nice. 
Normally great service.... but this time they forgot my main dish so I had to wait 20 min while everyone else tucked on. That said we were a big party and when my pork came it was 1st class 
This meal was a get together of friends not seen for over 10 years. The "A la carte" is not very inspiring if you don't want pizza or pasta. Italian food is more than that. The salads as a main course are bland, uninspiring and over-priced. One person had the risotto and said it was fine, no more. The plus sign is that we were put in a separate area for the dinner as we were a rather large group. The service was excellent and the staff very polite. But the worse part is the acoustic. We could not hear each other speaks unless the person was sitting right across you or besides you. This needs to be looked at. I would go back as a couple but not as a foursome or more and would certainly not have a salad. Lesson learned! 
Food was ok, quite tasty and a good variety to choose from, although I chewed some little sandy stuff while downing my aubergine curry dish and in the pork ribs there was a sticker left indicating the expiration (maybe?). Not that picky and super hungry I ate anyway, but a little thorougher look at the preparation of the dishes might go a long way :) 
We were enticed in today by the big £7 LUNCH wooden sign outside ...unfortunately when we were sat was told that actually it's an old sign and they haven't had that offer for a very long time...maybe the sign should be taken down or changed?..we did still decide to stay and have lunch from the main menu...however it took over 40 minutes for our basic lunch to arrive...there was only one man serving the restaurant and one lady making the drinks...I could see our food up under the lights by the kitchen waiting for ages to be brought over..the topping on our fries had gone solid it had been there so long...clearly too busy on a Friday lunch time for one person to be serving...overall a pretty average experience and I doubt we will be going back in a hurry 
Part of the Radisson Edwardian hotel this is always the restaurant that I come to when visiting. The chicken curry I have here is the hotter Chicken Methi - made from thigh meat so exceptional. The rice & breads are great here too. What let's it down is the service, from being told to go get my own (draught) lager from the other bar to not letting me have ice in my water (apparently it already had it) the service is poor. In fairness the rubbish service levels are only on par with the rest of the bars & restaurants in the hotel. The service levels of check in & concierge are exceptional. Shame - but still a good curry. It's also expensive.  
Visited here on Friday night and it was surprisingly pretty quiet. Great choice of beers available although they were on the expensive side. Was going to eat and the menu looked good although again it was somewhat overpriced. 
Staying at the hotel, our group of 7 decided to eat here. The waitress was lovely and polite but tried far too hard to sell more expensive wine, to push the specials, to push the starters and the deserts, to push the coffee's after the meal, to push the...you get the idea. 
My first time at Turtle Bay and have to say the good was good, the sweetcorn fritters were delicious! Most of our party had one-pot options and all very positive. For me everything was a little too spicy though, I have the Trini Chicken Curry which was the mild choice and still found it too much - I am not a big spice fan though. Cocktail choice is also very good.  
The place itself was lively and had a great atmosphere! I could not fault the art and decor of the restaurant. The service was good and the staff were friendly. We didn’t wait long at all for our food! However, the food was nothing special and I felt it lacked flavour. I’d go for a few drinks but not for a meal again!  
As usual great food & drinks here at Turtle Bay.  
Went here with friends who love the place  
Had a lovely meal Georgia served us and my 6 year old daughter loved her . she was fab so friendly ! Only down side is the toilets absolutely stink  
We read about The Pigs Ears in our local magazine as rated one of the top 20 in Surrey. Not sure who does these "top places to go" as I cannot imagine they visit every place and have personal experience of every single place and then make the list  
This is where myself and few friends started our evening.We booked a table for 7.45 prior to going other friends had given it mixed reviews so decided to try it for ourselves.We were sat at the back next to the washroom door which everytime it was opened a cold freezing cold draught blew through which wasnt very pleasant. I had the vegetarian sharing platter totally different from what I'd normally order and was pleased with my choice.The other girls had curry and also throughly enjoyed it.It was loud but it was a nice atmosphere.We had missed the 241 cocktails as arrived after 7pm and the offer did not start again until 10pm.Friendly waitress and prompt service.My only gripe was the draught!!! 
The mains are overpriced. £30.50 for a small bowl of Lamb Rogan Josh which consisted of 4 tiny pieces of lamb, a Peri prawns with 4 prawns and a shared rice. My husband then signed the bill to have charged to our room. At 8.45 the restaurant called our room insisting that it had to be paid and could not be charged to the room. He said we were in bed, however, insisted they came to our room for payment and my husband had to dress. We found this extremely poor service. 
I had high hopes at the start of my visit, dashed in the first course. The starter had no indentifiable taste of any Indian spice. My lamb and spinach tasted just like a lamb and spinach casserole nothing Indian about it. 
Visited on Mothers Day, had a 5:30 table, at 6:30 we were still waiting for our main course, unacceptable really when you have two hungry kids. Had to ask when our food would arrive, turned up 5 mins later. By 7:00 we'd had enough, got Bill and left, if the service was a bit more attentive and slicker we would have stuck around for pudding. Food was OK, portions were quite small compared to Pizza Express, but it was the slow and lazy service that means we will be going back to Pizza Express next time. 
I regularly stay in Richmond on business trips. Since discovering Pigs Ears it has been my regular evening hangout due to its fantastic craft beers and great food. On my previous trip I was disappointed with the beers on offer but put it down to the draft selection at the time just not being to my taste. This time I am afraid the range was even worse. They only had 1 keg beer and nothing above 4.5%. Basically just run of the mill ales (but still at £6/pint).  
We were seated promptly but it was then a very long time before our order was taken or drinks were brought.  
Ignored the previous reviews and previous experience and visited early Sunday evening for a Father's Day meal. Restaurant was not busy and there seemed to be a fair number of staff but the service was very slow. Waited a while for drink orders. Waited too long between courses and even then some dishes were forgotten and so had to wait even longer ! Confusion amongst the staff who seemed to be trying to help each other but failing. 
This restaurant is not far from home, we visited one evening when the kitchen was hors de combat. The food was actually quite good, but spoiled somewhat because my pizza had cooled down by the time it reached me. It was nonetheless tasty. I really enjoyed the mozzarella on my insalata caprese, though rocket was overdone (too often happens these days). 
Had been looking forward to a Tingaling gin cocktail but they had run out of Prosecco, so had to settle for a G&T which was very nice. Everyone enjoyed their starters and my husband was hoping his mains would be as good, sadly he was disappointed. His chicken was tough and appeared boiled. My prawns were hard and over cooked but I enjoyed the rice and peas. The level of spicing suited my palate as well. The ribs were good as was the service provided by an excellent server. 
We ate at 8pm on a Sunday night. The service was friendly and the cocktails we had pre-dinner were good. However, there was only one chef in the kitchen and our fairly simple order of appetizers and curries x3 took over an hour to arrive. 
Me and my brother had a meal at this restaurant together. We ordered a calzone, pizza with chilli's, goats cheese and bread and bruschetta. The food itself is pleasant, not outstanding. Pizza Express and Zizzi's are more delicious. But it is good enough and the atmosphere and layout of the restaurant was nice. It was also not too busy, so we could have a conversation.  
Floor manager very professional and efficient. However after been shown to our table we waited twenty minutes to have our order taken, not even a drinks order. Its ok to wait a while if you're refreshed! Waitress kept breezing past, "1 second" "2 second sir". Not good enough. It seemed more important to provide plates and cutlery to the table around us then take our drinks order. When we did finally order the foodservice was efficient and the quality good. Had to ask twice for the bill which was also irritating. Rather comical moment also when the waitress, instead of passing behind me to collect a dirty plate, lent over me with her hand out waiting for me to pass the crockery over. Disappointing overall as had high expectations because of reviews. At the end of the day this is a concession restaurant in a hotel and expectations should be contained accordingly. 
I have always enjoyed dining at Ask, but my visit on Sunday 10th June wasn't the best. Delicious prawns in garlic butter and a tasty salmon salad, but the service was poor. Waited for a good 10 minutes for our order to be taken (although the restaurant wasn't busy), but was ignored. Unfriendly service. Not impressed! 
We were served by Christina she was very tentive and a real delight. The restaurant is very pleasant and atmospherically lit with good interior decor.. The food was exceptionally well presented but it was defiantly a case of style over substance. There were good vegetarian options and I had the paneer which was ok but lacked spice and flavour. The portions were very small (i am not a fan of huge amounts of food on my plate but this was exceptionally small) . Indian is by far my favourite cuisine, sadly this restaurant did not meet mine or my partners expectations. The food I feel was overpriced.  
The restaurant was set in a beautiful building so top marks for setting and location. My girlfriend and I decided to try the Ask in Beckenham for the first time. I had seen a voucher online for, two meals equalling £12.95 so I thought I was onto a winner... This would be the first time I had decided to use an online voucher, would this be the last.. The restaurant was almost empty on arrival however the manager still seemed to keep us waiting before seating us. We then were introduced to our second waitress of the evening who took our order. Unfortunately her english wasn't great and she had no real clue of the ins and outs of what the voucher was and how it worked? Seems a little suprising considering staff don't know this as they would have to run it through the tills?. Anyway we both ordered the meditterranean caserole as the sea bass had run out! I must say when it arrived it looked pleasant and smelt lovely. The meal was excellent, the only thing that let it down was the fact you could tell they had blitz it in the microwave as the bowl was hotter then the actual food! All in all the food was very tasty. The service then deteriorated when the manager decided to bring us the bill but had not added the discount. He persisted to argue with me the customer, after i had explained to him that I had already showed and told his colleague I would be using the discount voucher. He made a case that it was my responsibility to inform him again before he brought the bill. I told him I had informed his staff member, the waitress who had served me in the first place! His face was rather perplexexed and he sheepishly made his excuses saying the voucher may mot work now. I can assure you this voucher would be working this evening :)  
I visited this restaurant with a friend and I was left slightly disappointed. The food was highly priced and in my opinion, wasn't worth it. It was bland and tasteless and honestly, I wouldn't return. However the staff were friendly and accepted the taste card which is a bonus. Desserts were also tasty. 
Visited on s Saturday evening. Initial service was swift, opted not to have starter and went straight to mains.  
Went to meet friends after stressful week. The place was in chaos, staff practically running serving. Waited and waited had to ask 4 times to get a drink. Other tables also getting irritated seemed to be lots of staff but they did not seem to be organised. The food when it arrived was great The pasta was great wonderful sauces and great variety. My friend had seafood pasta which she described as best she has had. Might just have been an off night so would be will to give it another go. 
Does a wide selection of cocktails buy one get one free all night. The food is mostly chilli based so not the greatest place if you don’t like spice.  
First it has to be said... The staff are lovely.  
Was extremely disappointed ordered rib eye steak medium rare was over cooked and was very thin the dearest thing on the menu have eaten here before with no complaints is it a new chef ? Won't be returning  
A few colleagues visiting so decided to try this place out. Food and drinks are ok. Service is a bit slow. Not sure if it's because it's Monday. We tried the wings, ribs and flat bread starter. We had lamb burger, chicken burger and goat curry. Good portion size.  
Nothing extraordinary... Perhaps it is oriented for young people and for evening drinks. Couldn't tell if it was a Caribbean or African place. Some cocktails look attractive.... 
We decided to go out for dinner with friends on the spur of the moment. We booked a table for 8.00 pm. We were seated by7.55. Our drinks order was taken fairly quickly but we then waited about 45 minutes for our food order to be taken. This was only after one of our party had spoken to the maitre'di to ask what the delay was. The starters arrived after a further 25 minutes. Our main courses arrived some two hours and ten minutes after we had originally sat down. I found the wait unacceptable and my wife could not finish her main course because she was beyond hungry. The restaurant was busy on a Saturday night but the time taken was too much. 
We had a family meal here and it was quite busy, but the service was good. Great selection of beer both bottled and draft. Food is mainly burgers and was average, good atmosphere and service, cost £80 for four for a meal and a beer each. Make sure you check the strength of the beers some are really strong and very expensive. 
We visited on a Friday night, having recently moved to the area. I think we were unlucky in that the waitress serving our table was very inexperienced- in fact, at the end of our meal, the manager said it was her first night - which left us feeling a bit underwhelmed. We shared a starter, 2 mains and 2 glasses of wine and left £70 poorer. The service was slow and the frites and peppercorn sauce were hastily made once it became apparent they had been forgotten. Sadly, I don't think we'll be returning. 
Went to Staines for lunch at the Indian but that was closed due to a private function so we walked around looking for somewhere else to eat and came across this place, decided to give it a go and went inside. 
It's not easy to find a decent restaurant in Enfield so this place was a bit of a discovery for me. The staff were attentive but didn't exactly make me feel 'at home' and it's hard to critisise them, but I felt that they just did not engage with me at any level. In this respect I enjoy my occasional visit to the local Harvester more (a pleasant smile would have helped a lot). The food tasted delicious, portion sizes were a bit on the small side, so don't expect to go home well fed unless you spend a small fortune on extra portions. The ambiance was OK, but not really warm and welcoming. I could sense the owner hovering and frequently looking at my friend and I, but never once engaged with so much as a smile. In the end I just found this irritating, like my mum was checking the tablecloth was still clean! Would I visit again - lets say that I prefer the local Harvester, even if the food doesn't come close to the food here. My friend is a $billionaire, and he enjoyed the food but wouldn't go there again as he felt it was expensive for what we had and the lack of a pleasant overall experience 
Not something I would have chosen but had a company dinner. Great cocktail selection and two for one at 7.50 was a deal. Great to have an outside seating area in the hot weather even if it is in the middle of the town centre. Food was ok but. It every course and staff were also a mixed bag. When they were good they were great but... table seemed to enjoy the food and the plantain. Not sure it is somewhere I would go again.  
Limited menu. Expensive. I was looking forward to this, the night before my holiday. However, the menu was extremely limited and very expensive - food and drinks. 
My self and a friend had been so excited to visit this establishment but we left feeling slightly disappointed.  
I had been here just for drinks and always felt it was one of Richmond's hidden gems. However, upon making the decision one night to dine in their restaurant with some friends I was quite let down. The food itself was decent, though limited to pizzas and burgers really. We arrived for our booking and were told there would be a short delay, the bar was fairly busy and we waited patiently for our table. The staff basically treated us like we were a nuisance for waiting around and kept telling us to move out the way! Another party came along and got a table right away, so we queried it and were told they double booked us... eventually we were seated and dealt with quite hastily. We asked them to remove their 12.5% optional tip which they did with a bit of a tantrum! Probably won't go back for a meal. 
I found the food here a little whatever, but the beer selection very impressive. The people there were mostly drinking and not so much eating.  
I have been to this place several times but this time it was disappointing I did a reservation for 9.30 online & I rchd there 9.35 I entered waited for host no sign for 5 mints wen finally some1 came he sd sorry the chef has closed the kitchn. R u serius I book a table for my son & wife & u guys tlng me Chef cannot cook food? When it says online closes 11.30. But den he was kind enough to ask Chef & they gave us a table. Tey made us order food in a hurry the waitress said if u wana order u need to order now!! This is how you treat your guests? I hv received good service previous visits but this time!!!..... well we v disappointed & didn’t really enjoy nthng. The chef left early tat day I don’t knw for wat reasn. You’ll need to update the timings online saying food is not served aftr 9.30 coz the chef has to leave!! 
Booked online for 1pm lunch. Arrived and ordered from the tasty looking menu. Waited over an hour for food, staff and kitchen served a group of 14+ people and other tables who had arrived 15 minutes or so after us and whilst they all tucked in to their food we were still waiting for ours. Staff did not realise we were still waiting until we told them, the delay was blamed on the large group that arrived after us for turning up without a booking and not enough staff to manage. So much for us pre-booking for two and ordering two light brunches. Staff were nice and apologetic and I understand these things happen, but it is maddening to be totally ignored and forgotten about. We received £2.48 off our bill for the inconvenience. Not in a hurry to go back at lunch time if they can't manage drop in customers and look after those that booked. The restaurant was not even half full, so not a busy day. The food was delicious and nicely presented. Staff were very polite. 
We used to go here a lot, and really enjoyed it. Seems there is a new menu and it’s not as good and food wasn’t as good either. Staff were very good, but took a long time to get food  
The Beautiful South serves great food, probably one of the best restaurants in Enfield. It is a shame the service doesn't quite match. If the owners improved the service my rating could easily jump to a 5/5. 
I've been going to this restaurant for more than 15 years, first when I worked in the City; it used to be comparable to some of the restaurants there then, but sadly over the years the interior has not been looked after. I haven't been here for a while but came last Saturday with husband and friends and we couldn't help but notice how almost all the customers are, let's say, in their golden years! The lights were up very bright which did not create a candlelit ambience and just highlighted the shabbiness of the decor, badly painted walls with cheap pictures hanging on them, the type you'd find in a pound shop. The chairs had also seen better days and the ladies toilet hasn't been touched since it first opened I think; an old vanity unit made of mdf and looking tired, the hand soap also of cheap quality.  
Unquestionably the food is good quality and our mains (medallions of venison and chicken escalope) were very good.  
This Sunday lunch was disappointing. The set festive menu was a multiple choice of 5 also 5 Main with similar sweet. The starters arrived quickly then on to the Main which was supposed to be Prime Rib M R as the Steak on the menu was not available Rib being too tough, My partner had lasagna unfortunately base burned and overcooked with too much Salad. Out guests did not complain about their lunch. I thought the soft drinks were expensive. In future we will head further North. 
Had the Sunday Lunch Menu £17.90 & chose Chargrilled Haloumi cheese with red onion & vine tomato Aberdeen Angus Roast Beef with Yorkshire pudding & horseradish then Cheesecake . Roast beef meat was excellent but overall eating the three courses would say food is average , have just enjoyed similar meals elsewhere a lot more 
It was not busy, 4pm on Sunday but service was sluggish. It has a tired, disinterested atmosphere and lacks any sophistication. Food was good, prepaired but fine. Good value for money. Would not rush back but might be useful for the inlaws. Shame as it has potential. 
I ordered vegetable samosas & onion bhajis, quite suprised on how greasy they were. Sorry guys not impressed. We ordered a Pepsi and received an iron bru.  
