I tried Ponte Nuovo, as we have recently moved to the area, we visited a few other places in the top 10 in the area and I was really disappointed. My partner had the lobster spaghetti which was very overcooked and my lasagne was overflowing with bechamel and barely anyhing else. The place looked nice but it was filled with a Hen do which spoiled the atmosphere. 
We have been to this restaurant on two occasions but sadly we will not be returning the staff are very welcoming and attentive and the experience is very homely i found that the problem was the food the menu is far too large we had Vitello Saltimbocca which was quite bland and unappetizing on our next visit we had Risotto Gambereni & Asparagi I have never in my life had a Risotto cooked so badly uneatable this is is very unusual for an Italian chef who has a passion for food.If you want large portions of food go here 
This restaurant was so highly rated on Tripadvisor and having lived in Kew some 20 years ago we thought we must give it a go after visiting Kew Gardens. The total absence of any customers on a Friday lunchtime should have warned us but we went in and wished we had not after our lunch experience. Veal escalope was like eating cardboard so tough and insignificant and the calves liver was overcooked and swimming in liquid. The headwaiter ( or owner) had even suggested you like it pink. Yes I had said but clearly the "chef" had forgotten. Fried/sautéed potatoes were an apology. Only one wine served by the glass.The housewine. I asked the waitress what wine is it. The housewine she said. No I don't know what it is!! Tables are tiny, poor quality and when we were there members of staff were either speaking loudly on their mobiles or going down into the cellar. I don't know how they had the nerve to add on 12.5% for service.All in all a dreadful experience in my beloved Kew. The bill for 2 for a mains and a dessert and 2 glasses of wine was over £60. It was like throwing money down the drain.Be warned. 
My husband booked this restaurant and after reading the reviews we were really looking forward to the food. We weren't disappointed, the food was very tasty and the service was excellent. We ordered half portions of pasta for the children, who both really enjoyed their choices too. When the bill arrived, my husband had already put in a cash tip of £15 but as it was my treat I paid (I had thought that it seemed a little more expensive than it should have been) After paying I asked for a copy of the receipt and noticed that the tip had already been included, I queried this and we were given £10 cash back (not £15!) with a friendly slap on the back.  
Booked on the basis of the good reviews and looking for a local restaurant for lunch but this was a poor eating experience - below average food at a restaurant that has seen better days. This was not the family Italian experience advertised...the waiter was from Iran and who knows about the chefs (two lads who trooped through the eating area carrying boxes in their kitchen scrubs on multiple occasions)?. The killer was the bill - £80 for two mains/two starters and one glass of wine....avoid this one! 
I went for lunch here last Saturday afternoon, after a session in the National Archives to research some old relatives and ancestors, and was impressed by Q Verde's the menu and the ambience, the friendliness of the waitress and the diligence of the service. Howeve I had vitella saltembocca-a dish I love and sometimes prepare myself- but this rendition was very, very salty and was accompanied by very low quality,overpriced chipped potatoes....and when I was presented with the bill for same I was truly shocked. Needless to say on my next visit to Kew I will seek a different restaurant. It was one of those few situations where I couldn't be bothered to complain. Instaed I will vote with my feet and my review. 
Got a takeaway for guests, I thought that a main course each at around £10-£13 per dish should be fine with popadoms and chapatis. When the deliveroo guy came with one teeny little bag I though he had left something behind. I was very embarrassed to serve tiny doll sized portions and we had to have a one cube of meat each rule. It was quite nice but massively overpriced. 
I have been here at least 5 times now as I really wanted to enjoy this food. 
I came here when this first opened as my mums friends had raved about it & it was utterly delicious. Quite expensive hence not going back as often as I would have liked but delicious.  
Giving them another try - I think I went on a very busy evening when they were doing mega party food just before Christmas for a takeaway. The staff were very friendly but my takeaway was not good. I am trying again tomorrow evening and will give a fairer review then. 
The food was fine. But the wait was unacceptable at lunchtime. For a two course meal we were over two hours. The service was attentive with the waiter apologising we were visiting the flower show and wanted to be in and out. They were not too busy. Such a shame we did not have time for dessert or coffee 
My partner and i tried this restaurant as Mezzet Dar, it's sister restaurant impressed us. We could not believe how different the two restaurants were and not just because of the food being offered on the menu. We expected something that would at least be of quality that tasted good. We were wrong. 
Very little value for your money.  
Based upon previous good reviews, we went on early Saturday evening. Initially nice and quite but soon filled with typical Bexleyheath and Welling noisy types! The menu looked promising but sadly the dishes were about the blandest that I have ever tasted. It was clear that the Chicken had only recently become acquainted with the sauce!! I can only assume that it had been boiled alone and added as somewhere to keep it from drying out. My wife searched in vain for the mushroom(s) in the mushroom rice. Bombay potatoes had a foul taste of ghee (in fact the only taste that they had) and the dish was a greasy disaster. The whole meal was contaminated with ghee. The service was tolerable but the wine was indifferent. This is the first time (and last) that we have been here since the last century (when it was the Akash). How standards have sunk.  
We've visited this restaurant several times since its opening and usually received consistently good food and service. However, in a recent visit we noticed that standards had dropped significantly. It was early evening, a half full restaurant, lots of staff just started the evening shift but couldn't get any attention. Finally got a waiter to take our order but had to raise my hand after 40 minutes as we had not received our meal. In fact the table across from us arrived 20 minutes after we did and they received their meals well before. We would normally make allowances for these mistakes but instead we had a waiter with an attitude and no apology. The disappointment continued when the food arrived. In the past, the mixed grill was a favourite but what was on the plate did not resemble the usual dish. Instead we got a smaller portion of badly cooked meat, no mixed grilled vegetables and no sauces. What happened? Well, we'd say it's nothing special anymore. Just poor service, poor food and poor value for money! 
Very small portions on standard set menu. Expensive for the amount of food you get. Left feeling hungry. 
This was our first visit and we were really encouraged by the reviews on here, but perhaps it was a different chef tonight because the food was absolutely tasteless. You couldn't tell any difference between the curries and for the price I am really disappointed. We did tell the staff who were very polite and brought a new dish, but once again the food was just tasteless. We then had to pay full price and actually it was really expensive. Even £3 for an apple juice! That's a new one for me. Wouldn't recommend and won't be visiting again. 
Disappointing for us 
We have been faithful customers of Thanh's for over 10 years always having considered it good value with delicious food. However, within past 12 months, and probably as a result of rave reviews on TripAdvisor, the restaurateurs have become complacent and appear to have lost sight of their customer base. For example, we were told on last booking that we would have to order at least two courses. Furthermore, the prices have increased significantly and various add ons (never sure what they are) mean that, although it is BYO, the bill does not reflect this. Such a shame, - too up themselves these days. 
Most of the food that was delivered by Just Eat was luke warm and also the onion bhajis were so oily / greasy, they were inedible. 
Real disappointment  
We have been a patron of this restaurant since it opened. We go at least once a month and recently every other week. On average we spend about £65 each time for 2/3 people without alcohol. And we keep going back because the food is simply amazing.  
My wife and I had a very disappointing meal in Toscana last night.  
My friends and I booked for 10 on a Saturday night to celebrate 2 birthdays. We were asked to come along for 8:30pm when they could better serve a large group but they couldn’t cope. At 9:45 nine people eventually got their starters - I didn’t as the waiter wrote down the wrong item - his response ‘everyone makes mistakes’ in a very aggressive manner. Past 10:30pm and I asked when we would get our main course - again a lot of arms being waved at me and i was told it was our fault for being a large party and ‘it is Saturday night’. The food was fantastic but the evening spoiled by the poor service and attitude of the waiter - unfortunately I didn’t get his name! Please don’t take a booking if you can’t give the good service everyone mentions at this restaurant. Would I return - I’m not sure I would! 
I wanted to try the restaurant since I move in Staines last year, I read few review and I decided to get a baby sitter and take my partner for dinner, the food was ok, nothing to remember but service very poor. 
WARNING if you are looking for a restaurant as a couple then I suggest you keep looking. Went to Toscana on a saturday night and first welcome was a very frosty scolding from the management for having the temerity to turn up early. My opinion is that unless you are a regular at this establishment then you will be largely ignored.The food was ok but not good enough to swallow the waiters back to you while fawning over regulars 
Hello, 
Except for this morning. 
Popped in and ordered 3 cocktails. There were 3 people behind the bar and one of the staff prepared their drinks, clearly in his own time and certainly in not rush whilst he chatted to the other staff. To say he took his time was an understatement. Over 10 minutes later we got the drinks. He missed out on the Processo that was meant to go with the martini and my mojito tasted nothing like what it should , did not have brown sugar. Poor and slow service with sub standard drinks, disappointed. 
Took my daughter here for brunch and cost nearly £30 for 2 breakfasts and 2 soft drinks, food average but lovely to have a place where dogs are allowed 
When the food finially arrived the only thing worth mentioning was the vegetable tempura. It was crispy light and tasted lovely. The chicken bento was very dry and missing sauce. The sushi was packed with the hot dishes resulting in it being warm, the salmon maki and tuna ruined !!! not edible!!! the quality of the fish tasted awful!! this is either due to being packaged with hot items or the quality of the produce in either circumstance unacceptable and a waste of money as i only ate the tempura!!!! 
This was my first visit to this restaurant on Saturday 25/3/17 and will be my last. The food was good without doubt but I was left with a very bitter taste in my mouth by the bill when it arrived. My wife and I shared a starter and then had a main course each. Neither of us wanted a desert but during the time we were there, my wife had one miniature bottle of Prosecco and I had 2 small bottles of Peroni. When the bill arrived I was astounded to see that it came to £61.95. I obviously checked the contents of the bill but nothing was itemised and I had to guess what it meant. I finally called for the help of the waitress who explained that the drinks bill was the £28.85 item. She immediately realised that I was not at all happy and whipped the bill away to be re-checked. It came back with another waiter who laughed and tried to convince me that he had 2 pieces of paper and got mixed up. I was not and I still am not convinced that he was being honest and think it was intentional. When the bill was returned it had been reduced by £12 which is 25% of the total. Very disappointed and just want to warn other customers to be aware and check your bills carefully. 
We visited for a birthday a few weeks ago. One beer was being served but was clearly off and even after it was returned and exchange for another they didn't turn the pump off (this was after each visit to the bar resulting in a really long wait and the staff not being aware of who had been waiting for how long). The birthday girl had been told that there was a £25 cakage charge to bring her own cake but the cake they offered was really poor. Decor trying to be vintage cafe but for the most part looks like it's just been thrown up wherever it would fit (lampshades nice though). A real nothingy experience and have no desire to return. 
I can only comment on my food although there were a lot of us eating. Firstly, I had lamb chops two of which tasted as if they were on the turn, I didn't eat them, and one was delicious (confirming my thoughts about the previous two to be correct). Service was mediocre yet they charged a huge amount for service, which I object to. Finally, the bill was huge and there was no breakdown, therefore we could not check that there were no mistakes. 
Toscana is a great restaurant and is very popular for it's Sunday roasts. However last weekend saw many people turning around at the door as they announced that they had run out of meat. I cannot understand how with so many supermarkets close by that they could run out of all of the meat options. How about sending someone out to buy some cooked chickens from Morrisons - no more than a mile away! Or maybe it's favourable to push people onto the far more costly a la carte menu?? 
I tried to book a table here. They said that they had space on the date we wanted but as soon as I mentioned we wanted to bring a baby along we were told no even though the child would have been in a car seat. The reason given was that they did not have the room. I know that crying babies are annoying in a restaurant but they didn't give us a chance. Disappointed. 
The service is not good enough. They dont seem too be happy. They should be happy and service good, there prices are high as it is so they should have the best service, but foods delirious.  
they gave lasagna with mozzarella instead of besciamella and parmigiano. Not going there again. Yes , they didn't charge me for it but came out with absurd excuses that i told him no besciamella....?!! Then how can yu remove besciamella from "home" made lasagna? Hope someone else had better luck. lol italian restaurant my @ss 
I visit Wags N Tales a lot and generally love it, but since the covid restrictions have come into place it has gone rapidly downhill. The staff have absolutely no idea what they’re doing and are rude when you ask for help, and the food and drink takes forever to arrive and when they do they’re cold. 
Visited here on 25th March, food was good but portion sizes were really small even for Tapas - found the waitress a bit abrupt 
This restaurant was recommended to us by a friend, and it's dog friendly and only about a mile and a half walk from our house . So we decided to walk there with the dogs and kill two birds with one stone. We waited an hour before the first course came out, 35 mins before anyone even took our order and there seemed to be no hurry from the one person waiting on the tables. In total we were there for 2 hours. 
Cheap seriously over-priced wine, beer not well kept- over-prices short measure and sour. Landlady who appears in the bar is rude and occasionally foul mouth. Nick the landlord can be sarcastic! 
I hope that our experience was just due to a bad night for the team at Squiffy's. We were expecting a great night, based on the other reviews so were really disappointed with our visit. We sat down at 9 (having arrived at 8.15 for a drink in the bar first and having told them we were there and were happy to come through earlier than our 9pm booking); the order was taken at 9.25 and the food arrived at 10.15. The staff did apologise and offer us a drink on the house which we accepted! 
I recently went to Squiffy's for Easter Lunch, considering I have been enjoyed many good meals their over the last 3 years with service was absolutely non existent. My understanding is that the owners had disappeared for the Easter Break leaving a combination of bar staff and one extra to cover the bank holiday weekend. Starters - 60 minute wait, mains another 45 minutes. Starving kids only being offered a fish finger sandwich because nobody bothered to think outside the box to even offer a simple menu for them.. Plates left in between courses and when they were collected only half were and the rest were left. The only prompt to collect the plates was when the main course arrived! At which time people were eyeing up the table to eat! The waitress had zero charisma and did not even acknowledge there was a problem. Granted there were ten of us, however this is unacceptable considering the substantial bill at the end and the fact that the booking was made well in advance. Think twice before booking! 
Started off ok with really good starters of crispy belly pork and seafood linguine, very tasty and looking forward to our mains of paella, sadly not up to par! nothing wrong with the quantity but overcooked and dry to the extent that all 3 of us left half of it on our plate; 
Where do I begin . I am a regular diner at Steak and Lobster Heathrow but today will definitely be my last visit. When I sat down I was pleasantly surprised to see new menus as opposed to the previous paper menus . I looked at the menu and decided to stick to my normal Lobster fries and salads. My waiter then informed me that it was fries OR salad and that the unlimited option was no longer available. Major disappointment. The waiter just kept on repeating that this option had been gone since at least November ! The meal I was originally looking for now mean t that I had to purchase either my fries or salad as a separate option and at an additional cost . Paying £3 for a measly portion of salad is not acceptable. I’m also confused as to why the salad was served in a cast iron dish . The meal came very quickly but my poster legs were cold . The chips were a small portion and I defiocouldnt taste the advertised “paprika” seasoning. All in all I felt like I had to rush my meal as the chips and lobster were getting cold very quickly. The salad was tasty but there definitely was not enough of it and I’m confused as to why they wouldn’t just make it a part of the meal as it used to be. The jalapeño sauce I order was separated and after getting half way the all that was left was a watery green liquid with very little flavour . I would usually have a glass of wine and dessert but after paying almost £30 for a meal I usually pay £25 for , I didn’t want to spend anymore money. Starters are at least £10 and so are puddings and I have come to the conclusion that the menu change is a financial decision so that people spend more money as opposed to spending more time eating the previous unlimited fries and chips. It’s sad that financial gain is more important than popular customer choice . I spent )30 and didn’t feel full at all . With the new menu the staff spend a lot of their time trying to up sell there already overpriced items . Steak and LObster has definitely lost my custom tonight . Not worth paying almost £50-£60 per head to eat on a week night . When I expressed my views the waiter explained about a online deal for 3 courses for £35 before 6pm or another lunchtime special . As a working woman neither of these were an option. Definitely not worth a visit. 
We went for a family meal. We was sad to sea menu changed with no unlimited fries or salad. 
Took 2 friends last night to a restaurant we have always loved. Whether for a quick pizza or a 3 course meal. I have to say I was very disappointed with I hate to say this, everything. The service was not up to its usual friendliness, the food was expensive & the meatball starter although tasty was almost non existent in the bowl, it looked like something you would serve to a 5 year old. Then when mains were delivered & we realised there were no vegetables with them, it became a bit of a battle to get some as we were told the chef was closing the kitchen & wanted to go home!!! 
6 of us booked a table after having had our annual get together there for a number of years but this year the steak cost had increased but no longer included unlimited fries, no longer included a side salad and the tiny pot of cold blue cheese sauce barely tasted of cheese and to make matters worse only 5 of us received our steaks as the waiter had omitted 1 order and that person had to wait another 15 minutes for his meal and i have never seen such small bottles of Coca Cola ever before, anywhere, even with ice it only half filled a normal glass, no longer worth a visit!! 
I use to rave about this place to everyone, good food and great customer service just so darn disappointed that they stopped the unlimited fries and salad, yet the price is the same! Unfortunately I won't be going back. 
We both ordered the surf & turf, but wondered why the steak came with spicy garlic and chimichurri butter. The answer was soon clear - that was the only flavour in an otherwise bland and tasteless steak. To be fair, both steaks were cooked exactly as ordered but just didn't have any flavour. The lobster was the same. With a carafe of wine and water a bill of over £100 is just ridiculous for this. And why do the mass-produced, thin-cut fries have paprika on them? 
Went there for the second time for wife’s birthday, they have recently changed menu so no more unlimited chips and only a choice of either chips or salad not both, which wouldn’t be so bad if it wasn’t just a hand full of chips with your meal. I ordered a £36 surf and turf meal which was nothing, I just got home and am raiding the fridge. 
It pains me to write this review, however it seems all good things do come to an end. 
Went here for dinner after reading the TA reviews but it was really not good. EVERYTHING is smothered in tomato and chilli and garlic so you literally can't taste anything but those. My tiger prawns could have been anything at all as they were so shrivelled and smothered in chilli sauce, you could not taste prawns at all - such a waste. There was definitely no finesse. We spent the whole time wondering if it was a substitute chef on that night or if it was usual to be like this as we couldn't understand the rave reviews we had read. We would not recommend as unfortunately you could get better italian food in a chain restaurant (and we hate those) 
As an Italian myself, I was excited to visit here after seeing many positive reviews. However, I was largely disappointed. The spaghetti bolognese/ ragu tasted like a microwave dish. My partners pizza was average. Service was okay, wine not bad. Overall, very disappointed. 
Entering found the establishment fresh and clean, not too busy. Greeted by staff it went downhill very quickly from there. 'oh no reservation' as he showed us to a table, once seated, looking around, I thought in mind 'well your not very busy, there are penty of empty tables!'  
Visited Steak and Lobster Heathrow last night for a Christmas meal with some friends. Having heard a lot about this place was quite eager to try, especially with their highly rated reviews.  
I found the Steak & Lobster listed in Trip Advisor as a restaurant in the Heathrow area, and wanted to try it. After a long search, I found it inside the Radisson Hotel, which was a bit disappointing. I had, obviously, to pay for the car park. At lunchtime the restaurant - dark wood panelling and very high ceilings - was dark and half empty; I was asked whether I was a resident of the hotel and whether I had reserved a table (unlikely!). I had a mediocre lobster (the one in the photo) and a mediocre service: what a pity. I think Trip Advisor should make it clear whether a restaurant is self-standing or is instead part of a larger establishment.  
Came to the restaurant cuz saw crowds another day. Quite regret and would never back again.  
We arrived on a Saturday night party of 4 around 7.35-7.40. By 8.10 were had been served our main courses and that was after a starter! As it was a hot night and we were sat near to the pizza oven we ended up being thankful as our area was boiling! So we ended up being in there about 40 minutes! Even a restaurant in New York would struggle to better that. Not exactly the relaxing Saturday night meal we were looking for! Embarrassing really if a restaurant doesn't understand that diners are looking for a bit more of an experience especially on a Saturday. Food was good but generally a poor experience. 
After booking a table for two in which we thought looked a quaint busy restaurant we arrived to be shown to a mini make do table pushed into the very front of the restaurants mini bay window my husband is 6ft 3 and we literally were told that’s all they have as the another party had changed their numbers so we had to sit there the gentlemen that worked there just shrugged he’s shoulders when I asked why as I booked several weeks ago. 
Myself and my husband booked a table for Sunday 26th August. It was very noisy and hectic. As we weren't very hungry we ordered a garlic bread with cheese and a pizza with a bottle of wine between us. It seemed as though as we had not ordered 2 starters and 2 mains we were of little importance to them. The bill came and was just under £40.00 (not too shabby !). Everyone else who had a bill were offered liquers but we were not. Seemed to be again because our order was not big enough ? Would not return. 
We are locals in Windsor and have regularly visited Sebastian’s however our experience over the last couple of visits has been really disappointing. On both occasions we have felt very rushed through our meal – as soon as we had finished a plate it was immediately cleared (once before we had even finished!), in some instances the waiter literally ran off with it, and the next course arrived almost immediately. Once we had finished the meal we still had half a bottle of wine left (as the food had been so rushed) and waiters constantly came up to the table to pretend to clean it and ask whether we wanted anything else, and eventually asked if we wanted the bill! One waiter in particular came across as very rude. If you are looking for a leisurely/relaxing meal unfortunately this is no longer the place to go in Windsor - next time we will be trying Enzo’s down the road. 
Been here a few times. Food is very tasty , just the staff that lets it down .. this visit waited a while to order drinks and starter arrived before the drinks. Food was nice. But different staff and still moody and no atmosphere at all. Such a shame as this could be a really great place with the right customer service. 
It’s better to avoid this restaurant if you are family with kids. Probably they will tell you (politely indeed) that they don’t have table for you (fully booked or something similar).  
Steak and Lobster was one of our favourite restaurant so far. However, we visited yesterday and realised the menu is changed. There used to be free salad and chips refills which was excellent service piece however that's not the case anymore which we found quite disappointing. The salad tasted differently, the paprika chips had no paprika and the stake was a bit overcooked. While the staff was friendly as usual we are not sure if we will be coming back unfortunately. The restaurant used to be at the highest quality and is very disappointing its not anymore. 
Really disappointing. Service was good, staff friendly but having ended up paying £100 when benefitting from Eat Out To Help Out I came out feeling like I’d been fleeced, particularly when we had all ordered basic vegetarian pasta and pizza dishes. Pizzas were ok but the bases were a little soggy, the £15 aubergine bake was really poor and the £25 Montelpulciano wine was really disappointing. On top of that, the waitress pushed the bill on me quickly and I added a £10 tip when a £13 service charge had been sneakily added to the bill. Have been here a few times over the years but that’s definitely the last time. Shane because the staff are friendly and seems like a good place to take kids. 
We went here solely based on the very high review on TripAdvisor. What a complete letdown this restaurant was. The food was bland and ordinary - absolutely nothing special. Despite the large portions and friendly staff that is simply not good enough to warrant the unbelievable review on TripAdvisor. No 3 restaurant in Croydon!? What a complete joke. Very misleading and big disappointment for TripAdvisor, which most of the time is an accurate indicator. 
Nice pub just just not a place I like to walk into. Twice over the years permanent bar staff have said they do not know the price of my glass of wine?? Of course I have always been charged over the price so beware. The food however has always been well cooked and presented which I cannot fault. It is the ambience which lets it down otherwise a great location with real potential.  
Lovely food and friendly staff, have to mark down due to them adding a £5 'cake charge' to one of our guests after we had left! So embarrassing and in no way mentioned to us when we booked or asked if it was ok to bring a cake. Very dissatisfied. 
A very disappointing meal. Had to search for meat in my lamb biriyani. Mostly rice. Served only warm. 
Booked for a large group for mothers day. The table they gave us was not large enough to fit all of us. When the food arrived we had to move the drinks to a separate small table they placed behind us. The service was really slow which meant we kept of getting up to remove empty dishes ourselves. The quality of food and service has declined significantly over the last couple of years. 
My wife and I had Sunday lunch here after it was recommended by a friend, it was not good at all,meat was tough vegetables tasteless.  
We moved into the area a year ago and have tried the Bloomsbury pub on three occasions, I to are baffled by the reviews this pub has been getting. There's no atmosphere Monday to Friday ( Completely Dead ) The young lady behind the bar just stared into her mobile phone. The food was average, We had the Sunday lunch and the vegetables were raw and cold, Not impressed at all. This pub is well behind the other three pubs close by, The Sussex Arms, Prince Albert & Prince Blucher and until it improves 100% we will not be going back. 
Being guided by Trip Advisor we were looking forward to a great experience at the Number One venue in the Twickenham area. What a let down, the staff were friendly but the place was empty and the food of only average pub standard. Not sure how it gained its rating! 
Never seem to get nice service here, come across as very abrupt and unhelpful, was the first place we went after moving into the area last xmas, have been a few times and each time the same, such a shame 
We were looking forward to our meal at Enzo's after reading the positive reviews on Tripadvisor but we were left disappointed. 
As a Twickenham resident of 14 years I've heard nothing but praise for The "Bloomsbury's Sunday Lunch, but I have to express my disappointment yesterday. I arrived with 3 friends and did receive a friendly welcome, but the roast beef lunch, we all had, left a lot to be desired. The rectangular plates the meal was served on was half vegetables, great if you like veg. The Yorkshire pud was tiny and there were 2 roast potatoes. The beef, however, did take some chewing and was not great, we all agreed. I think we'll try the "Sussex" next time. Also there was some quite horrible graffiti in the loos which boasted no soap, a wonky tap and a non functioning hand drier. 
We went to this restaurant the other night for my birthday meal. They were friendly and had highchair for my child too. We didnt have to wait long for our food to arrive. I ordered a vindaloo and my husband ordered a prawn dish, we also had rice and garlic and keema naan bread to go with our meals. The meal vindaloo tasted ok i didnt like keema naan or the prawn dish. The garlic naan bread was probably the only thing that was nicer than ok. We had our meal and the service good. But the waiters weren’t child friendly. Not one of the waiters said hello to my baby when my baby was watching them and trying to get their attention that annoyed me a little if i must say. Its not a biggie but for mums it is. When i left the restaurant my belly was hurting me a bit i just ignored it. At 3am im being awoken from excruciating pain in my stomach! I literally thought i was going to die! I was vomiting really badly and had really bad diarrhoea. It was the worst feeling ever! My throat was on fire as the vindaloo was coming back up it was horrible! My husband had stomach problems after eating the prawn dish and their keema naan. I recommend that you dont order the prawn dish, vindaloo or their keema naan if you want to live. Especially not on an occasion which your celebrating as it wont end nicely! I wished it ended nicely for me but unfortunately it didnt!  
Read the reviews on trip advisor and was really looking forward to dining here,on arrival found the restaurant nice,the food was a total letdown bland and no flavour. 
Food was ok but Tasted like cheap ingredients were used. The Service was not great. Our waitress was unfriendly and brusque. Tables were not socially distanced and the bathrooms needed a clean. There were flies flying around our table. I would not call this a Covid safe place. The food and service is all overpriced for what this place offers. I could not wait to get out of there. 
If you’re someone who orders well done steak or who’s taste buds are completely trashed then I’m sure this is the place for you. I can’t say I’ve ever had a worse steak in my life for ultimately the same price I would have paid at a very reputable steak house. For those of a more discerning palate stay away! 
I do like this place, however feel compelled to write a negative review due to them making mistakes in my delivery orders on two occasions. 
Went to this place on Sunday. At first glance a nice place with friendly staff. Decided to go there because of the reviews.would have gone to Lahore in Norbury but thought I'd try this place. The good is nowhere near that compared to Lahore. It is far too bland and just didn't even look that great. Sorry but definitely not up there with Lahore Norbury or imperial spice croydon.even crown and pepper food is better. 
I booked a dinner for some of my team as a thank you due to moving into another role. Simple to book on opentable and greeted pleasantly. A little too keen to serve and take our order rather than let us enjoy the company. Starters were good I had the blackened prawns and the T-Bone so we weren’t going for the cheaper options. Whilst enjoying the first 2 courses and needing time to digest, chat and look forward to dessert/cheese we were then informed we had to ordered as the table was booked again, now at this point no-one had even slightly mentioned this to us and complete spoilt the evening as this now became a rush to hustled out and pay without dessert/cheese and port. In the end it evening was a disappointment at choice of location, food good although can’t review the dessert/cheeseboard.....but the experience was poor! 
Went Last night after reading a good review on trip advisor. I was impressed by the look of the restaurant and by the live music. Because of the relatively high end prices considering similar restaurants nearby, I was expecting something special. 
Food is good atmosphere was also ok. However significant issues with staff attitude and coeliac options. Will not be returning.  
Was looking forward to a nice steak...but what I got was a gristly, fatty mess. I was able to pick a few chunks of meat out, then left the mound of inedible meat for the server to pick up. To his credit he asked if I'd like another, but 3 others at the table were having the same issue, so I passed. 
Ordered lots of different meat dishes on the menu, all of them just wacked on one plate together rather than seperately nicely presented and how the photos of dishes look like online. Very small portions compared to other Pakistani or Indian restaurants.  
Seated in an alcove which was very tight and asked to be moved which was accommodated.  
visited this restaurant on the back of a great review from a friend and I must say, I was a tad disappointed. I booked my table online and in time for the pre theatre/early evening menu (table booked for 1830 with the menu ending at 1900. when we arrived, only the allocarte menu was provided an when I requested the pre theatre, the waitress said I could have it but I must order quickly which I thought was a bit rude! I had the tomato and mozzarella salad for starter which was lovely, my main was pork and potato which was average and the desert was a banana and chocolate cake which again was average at best. not sure if I visited on an off day but I wouldn't go back.  
I have been to many yo sushi over the years and have always enjoyed the food. That all changed on sat when 4 of us ate here. 
8.00pm on a Saturday night and virtually nothing on the belt. 
I’ve eaten in many Yo Sushi restaurants across the UK and have always been happy with the service. On this occasion, we walked in and asked for a table for 2 - and were barked at there was only the bar, and then she turned and served someone else. We waited patiently, and then she turned and walked away, so we figured we’d follow. Walking towards a bar space we passed 3 empty tables, and at the last one, she gestured with her back to us and pointed at the table, so we sat. We were then left alone for 10 minutes with our red light on, with only the one member of staff that saw us in visible. She was at the front of the restaurant in her own world. Eventually as we were just about to give in and leave, another member of staff materialised. 
This restaurant needs some attention. The food was ok service poor but my main issue was the overall cleanliness. The designer light fitting directly over our window table was very dusty and had cobwebs hanging off it.The stairs to the basement toilets smelt awful. It was if they had been washed with dirty water. Some of the lights in the mens toilet were not working. This made me very uncomfortable about the hygiene standards in this Yo Sushi overall. 
This place is very expensive for poor quality food. You may think it is not costing too much, but on the final bill, you'll wish you had spent that money on somewhere with better quality food! I prefer itsu down the road. 
Went at 8pm on a Thursday. There was barely any food going round on the belt so had to order everything. Took ages for the food to come as the staff were chatting and couldn't care less about customers. Staff were rude and unpleasant from the minute we walked in and couldn't be bothered to serve. Overall a massive let down for over priced food. Will not be going back. 
I've eaten at various Yo! Sushi restaurants before, and generally enjoy the experience. I've visited this branch twice this month; the first time was fine, no complaints. Most recently, though, on a Friday evening around 7pm, I was surprised that there were few waiting staff available - one of the chefs noticed me waiting, and seated me, even though the restaurant was not busy. There was very little hot food available from the belt - I've never had this happen before at other branches - and what 'hot' food there was tended to be only lukewarm or cold; in the case of the beef dish I picked up, which I've had many times before and is normally a favourite, it was also rather dry. Granted, you can order hot food, but this normally isn't necessary, and most regular Yo! Sushi customers would not expect to have to if they'd just popped in for a quick bite to eat.  
I accept that I visited in mid afternoon, but the choice of food 'travelling round' was very poor indeed. Had I realised that earlier, I would have ordered off the menu, which, of course, is an option. However, dining casually has always appealed to me in such restaurants, including Yo Sushi elsewhere. 
The one thing we liked was the staff. We found the waiting staff at Yo Sushi very friendly and smiling. We had no experience about how Yo Sushi works and the staff patiently explained to us how it works. It is also quite family friendly and my child was given some papers and pen to draw with. 
The restaurant has just ben refurbished so I went to give it a try. The service was poor. There was not much on the conveyor belt. Even when my oder was taken, I had to remind the waiter if my order as it had not arrived after 10 minutes. My oder was simple, fried peppered squid and Kaiso salad. 
I spent a nice day out with friends and felt like going somewhere for dinner, my Ozzy friend who was a japanese food-lover, saw Yo Sushi as we walked around Richmond, so he said why not go there he recommended it as a quick stop as he had been to a few Yo Sushis around London? The menu looked interesting enough, but with our lack of knowledge we couldn't decipher what was what, plus with the added caution of those coloured plates pricing things between £1.90 - £6.00 per item. We had a few things, all of which looked mediocre and kind of appetising, the taste was indifferent to each other and sort of tasted the same really, with the occasional taste of wasabi or soy sauce - although one thing (unlike all the other foods) I had actually taken an extreme liking to was their fried soft-shell crab which was absolutely delicious. Because unfortunately out of the five of us, only one had any experience with Japanese food, we had ran up a tremendous bill of over £110 pounds! And for very little as well! We left the place still slightly hungry and our pockets sourly emptied, even my Japanese food-loving Ozzy friend noted that the food isn't as good as he thought it was. Unfortunately for me, from a first-time experience of Japanese food, Yo Sushi looked to me as another mass-produced Japanese food chain producing average dishes and overpricing things for very little, I may come back here, but it is highly unlikely - not unless my Ozzy friend decides that he is definitely going. 
Just had lunch and while the food was the usual solid Euro jap fair, there was only one member of staff serving a full and busy lunchtime restaurant. We had to wait an age to get seated (or even get seen to be seated) and even longer to pay our bill at the end. A couple of families waiting to be seated gave up the wait as the poor manager struggled to serve the rest of the restaurant. As I say, the food was ok but the rest of the experience wasn't! 
It used to be a great Resturant when owned by AWT.  
Our meal started with a couple or warning signs that things were not the standard we were hoping for.....bread served with marge (I never understand this.....it should be butter or oil and balsamic vinegar surely?!) and a wrongly made cocktail! Things got worse with a soggy mushroom starter! We both had steak as a main course - these were nice, but have had tastier and the side of dauphinois potatoes I ordered was literally swimming in oil which I soaked up with a napkin...not nice! the chips my husband had as a side were also soggy and not at all crisp. Needless to stay we didn't order dessert! Wish we had gone somewhere else!  
Had seen mixed reviews of this place but decided to give it a go. And what a dissapointment. The place is clearly milking the association with AWT and I cannot believe for one second that he actually has any input into the running of this restaurant. 
Had high hopes for this place after reading the reviews but wish I'd just picked up sushi from the fresh counter in sainsburys now.. Sushi was underwhelming, service was below average and was charged £2 for a Costco cheap bottle of water... Maybe the other menu options would have been better but my review is based on what i ordered and experienced on the day...  
Food was good but wouldn’t visit again as the staff are without a doubt some of the most unfriendly and unwelcoming that I’ve come across  
I have only been to functions at the Cranleigh and whilst it is a pleasant room sadly that is the only good thing about it. The staff behind the bar didn't smile once, in fact, they looked extremely miserable throughout the entire evening! The buffet food that was served was average at best with not much options for vegetarians and nothing was labelled so you couldn't tell what was what! Also, my partner came away feeling ill with a stomach ache so I would question how they make it and how long its sat out for! The prices of the drinks are ridiculous. London prices. £3.50 for a bottle of water! 
Had it not been for the staff the rating would be terrible. 
Although the food was alright it wasn't amazing, the veg was under cooked, if i had tried to cut the broccoli it would have gone flying off my plate. 
Momo's was recommended by a friend, and as I love Japanese food it was a surprise from my wife. The first thing I noticed were the huge windows were absolutely soaked with condensation, to a point where it was impossible to see out of them. Having been to Japan, I found the restaurants there were spotless with their hygiene. I am afraid I found Momo's scruffy, with bits and pieces all over the place. It certainly was not chic. The waitress was nice, however the food was very average. Out of the four staff members, nobody had any uniform on, just their everyday clothes. I feel a bit guilty, as there are some good reviews, but I found it disappointing. 
I've had this place recommended to me by others, but found it to be OK at best. Dumplings were flavourless and Sushi tastes better from the supermarket. It actually works out quite expensive given it is informal dining. I would not return. 
We have been to the Cranleigh many times since our first date here and had good food and friendly, attentive service. However, we were very disappointed by our most recent visit. We were spoken to very rudely and aggressively by a waiter and I was shocked by his confrontational approach. We also had an ineffectual waitress who brought a carafe of water to our small, crowded table and asked where we wanted it. Then we had to ask for glasses to drink it from (not sure how she thought we were going to drink it). Nothing was said about the rude waiter until we mentioned it after paying the bill and the supervisor was not in the least interested in hearing what had happened. The food was good (although my requested medium-rare steak was definitely rare) but our anniversary dinner was spoilt by weak, sometimes arrogant, surly service. A previously regular haunt that we think we may no longer be frequenting. So disappointed. 
The staff are very friendly and helpful. 
I had a malai kofta it was hard to chew and the sauce wasn’t great too. We also ordered some schezwan noodles which was average . There was no good service nobody came to  
Have not been for a while, service was poor but staff very friendly, the silver service serving is not needed, its awkward and especially when staff has hard as they tried, could not help but ending up dropping things, waitress served our sons food up which had a large hair on it, and proceeded to remove the hair and advise us that she would inform the Chef, not how it should be done, food should have been removed and replaced, we had to ask for it to be replaced, my beef was served in gravy, rather than on the plate and add you own, staff kept saying sorry, sorry, but overall disappointing 
We went for dinner on a Friday evening. The service was sketchy despite the place being quite empty. We didn't really feel we were given a warm welcome. The food doesn't seem as good as in the past. Certainly lacked any real flavour and style. I think this was the last time we'll come here. 
we had drinks and north indian food; the fish was good; the grilled kebab platter was passable; the service was slow and some of the waiters were not welcoming and rather expressed irritation when we asked for ice for the drinks and said we should have ordered when we asked for the water; lots to make up; some dhaba style restaurants in West London are much better in service for a smile and value for money; 
But confused as to how this restaurant is #1 only used this place due to the taste card. Menu was something out of the 80s as was the decor in main restaurant! Gentleman that seated us was very friendly and helpful. Food was ok nothing amazing but nothing awful. Silver service wasn't what I would class as silver service. It was slow, and painful. Waited a long time for drinks and food yet there was only one other table. Having my food dished up at the table is fine if done properly but by the time it got on my plate (half on the table) it was cold. Would I return? No the food was ok . I just feel that for the price you can go elsewhere and find much better 
Very disappointed, Mushroom starter was watery and oily, felt they had come out of the freezer; sauce was nice. 
For silver service the service was pretty poor, there was a long time between courses and drinks took a while to be served, some of the staff didn't seem to know what they were doing, it didn't live up to expectation, I wouldn't recommend to a friend 
My wife and I were looking forward to ending our European excursion with an Indian. With TAs second recommendation near Heathrow we made on online booking. The complimentary poppadoms were enjoyable except the complimentary chutneys of raita, mango and chilli sauce certainly lacked the traditional sliced onion and lime pickle. We ordered a chicken tikka masala which was bland with the cream, lacking the usual zest. The chicken jalfrezi was for wanting. Should have gone to Wetherspoons! 
As I said on my previous visit...Certainly much more Cafe Rouge then Cafe Royal and those who suggest otherwise clearly do not frequent too many restaurants beyond the boundaries of Hornchurch and are therefore easily pleased. 
Been to the cranleigh on numerous occasions and never been disappointed. 
We attended as a return visit for our works Christmas Do on Dec 19th. As previously stated it was a return visit and we have used the Cranleigh for 5 years but this years visit left a sour taste in our mouth. I have to say that the staff are friendly and hard working but it was 2 incidents that have prompted me to write this review. I made a mistake on the food choice form and ticked Turkey when a colleagues preference was Salmon - I explained to the waitress and asked if there was any chance if it could be changed, the manager came over with the completed food choice forms - to "prove" we were in the wrong which I found totally embarrassing and unbudging- what happened to Christmas spirit and good customer service? The staff seemed intimidated and scared by the manager. My point was do they only cook enough main courses without any spares? What would happen in the case of dropped dinners? We managed to rectify this ourself by doing a three way swap of dinners amongst ourselves. The 2nd incident was the service of the desserts which were brought out whilst I was in the loo and waiting at the bar for a drink. An ex colleague who was in a different party at a different table came over and sat in my seat and the staff served our party our desserts and must have assumed that the lady from the different table had been correctly served her dessert and was part of our group - a fair assumption to make! However when I returned and she moved and it was pointed out to the waitress that we were in fact a dessert short, the manager came over again and rudely and patronisingly counted each dessert and told us that each dessert had been brought out. It was only when we told her that I had been in the loo and at the bar and that our colleague had joined our group for a chat and that we were short of a dessert that she walked off and shortly after a waitress brought over the missing dessert. Completely unacceptable, rubbish customer service and we were made to feel like we were fiddling an extra dessert. Coupled with the appalling country & western music that was droning in the background until the arrival of the DJ- it's supposed to be Christmas!! Not a hoedown! We pointed this out to the waiting staff who told us we were not the only ones to complain but nothing could be done until the arrival of the DJ. After previous enjoyable visits, the poor customer service and penny pinching (removal of shots this year) has made us look for a different venue in future.  
Went here Saturday and after the reviews on line was really looking forward to the meal. 
I went there for my friend's birthday there were 9 of us in total and we were a party of mixed sex and ages. When we first arrived our table wasn't ready and we had to stand in the bar which which very small and cramped and already over subscribed by people waiting for their own tables. When we were taken to our table we commented on the room being rather hot and were told they would turn the air conditioning on, throughout the course of the evening the air conditioning was constantly turned on and off as older people dining in the restaurant complained it was too cold yet we and other tables (actually sitting under the air con unit) were finding it unbearable hot and sweating buckets while we sat at our table. Towards the end of the evening the waiter said I'll adjust the direction of the flow of air (towards us) but I promise you will want it turned off really quickly. The cool air was lovely and we all relished it rather than wanting it turned off. On first look at the menu Gordon Ramsay came to mind with his programme where he goes into failing restaurants.... Gordon would have slashed that menu to a quarter of its size and created a signature dish. The waitress couldn't remember the fish of the day and was very apologetic. The food was okay it wasn't great but it was okay. After dinner the table next to us who were also a birthday party had their cake lit and sang happy birthday so we asked for our novelty cake to be brought out also. We were told we were not allowed to have the cake until everyone on our table had ordered a dessert. The manageress advised that this was the policy if you were to bring in your own cake. We asked where this policy was and she said it was unwritten and again refused to let us have the cake. Had she let us have the cake we would have sung happy birthday to my friend ordered desserts for the majority of the table as the cake was as I said a novelty cake and not particulary to everyone's taste and we would also have had coffees and more than likely some more drinks but thanks to the attitude of the manageress we got the bill and our cake and left. It was my first time at the Cranleigh and I can say hand on heart it will be my last. 
Very disappointing from previous visits. Service was poor using very young staff and the Food was not cooked as requested. All seemed a rush 
We often visit The Cranleigh for regular nights out and quiz nights and have celebrated many special occasions at the restaurant. On this occasion we returned for our wedding anniversary meal along with family members who have also recommended the restaurant to others. Whilst we cannot fault the food in any way, we have always left feeling that we have not received as good as service as other diners (possibly more regular customers). On this occasion the restaurant was particularly busy and staff couldn't cope with the demand but paid more attention to the larger groups of diners. The main problem occurred however when we requested our bill. We had been without drinks for quite some time at this point and upon requesting our bill was told that there was a slight problem with the till but we shouldn't have to wait too long. An hour later we were still waiting! We made it clear we were in a hurry to get home and were constantly reassured the wait would not be too long. We naturally assumed that we would be compensated for this extremely long delay but to our astonishment when the bill arrived it did not reflect this. Upon querying this the person 'in charge' became very irate and defensive and said that everybody else was in the same boat. I hasten to add that we were the last remaining customers in the restaurant. The response we were given was 'it is not my fault, if I were a customer I would be more understanding.' We kept trying to explain that this wasn't our problem and that it was unacceptable to be waiting over an hour for our bill (we were not even offered a drink!). The staff member just kept repeating 'it's not as if we have kept you waiting until one in the morning.' When we questioned her customer service skills she simply uttered a sarcastic remark and walked away, only returning to check that we had paid the bill when we were leaving the restaurant. So much for the customer always being right! It's safe to say we won't be returning! 
We visited Enzos as a group of 4. 
Last few times, have been disappointed by the quality. 
I used to come every so often with friends or family before the pub closed for a few months last year. Great food especially the Sunday roast (including the veggie option) and lovely staff. I came on a Sunday in Feb, food was "ok", but the staff was rude. It was not the same people. I asked to the people who were with me to be sure that I have not misread something. The feeling was shared. Feel very sorry for this hidden gem, hope that it will come back to its greatness. 
The welcome was very friendly, however the food was disappointing after the previous good reviews I had read. The starters were king prawn spring rolls which were very thin, the main course was a recommendation from the server, a green curry, which was no more than thin soup with a few bits of chicken, as I was still hungry I had a desert which was lychees, although they tasted like they were out of a tin, the quantity was OK. Probably won't return 
This place has only got 1 star for the venue and 1 for the chicken liver pate. The wine was acceptable but the general food was vile. My starter which was a prawn dish came with cold Cole slaw. It was really weird to have hot prawns and this cold cut up carrots and mayonnaise. Bizarre combination, really did NOT hit the spot. Then the Mains I had the lamb shoulder that was burnt to a cinder. My friends pork belly was the same. Burnt. I think they have the potential to serve great food but maybe tonight was just the night the chefs wanted to get out of there. The staff as well were very slow and unattentive. I would not recommend this place. 
Most disappointing. Fish precooked and not anywhere near previous quality. Has there been a change of management?  
This is a great pub for a drink; in a sort of cul de sac area so good to sit outside on the pavement when it's sunny. However I'm rather confused by all the positive review about the food. It was pretty awful! I had squid to start which were definitely not fresh and barely covered in the batter at all, completely tasteless and there were only 4 meagre pieces! Really bad. My partners broccoli soup was clearly from a tin, thin and insipid. I never put extra salt on my food but we both needed so much extra seasoning to make it even half worth eating. I had fish and chips which were fine, good chips but the fish was horrible and batter soggy. My partners steak was average, but absolutely not worth £20.  
Personally I found it not value for money and have tasted better fish n chips not far away . People had mentioned how good it was but unfortunately I would not support this view  
I attended here with a group of 8 friends for a late Sunday roast. The menu states Vegan nut roast which was one for the reasons for booking as I am vegan. It was not a nut roast but an under cooked wedge of stuffing. It also came with a Yorkshire pudding which I am sure was not vegan. Most of the table thought it looked like dog food and they weren't wrong! What a shame as the rest of the meal, food, service and atmosphere was lovely. 
Been using this place near enough weekly since the owner took it over nearly 30 years ago but won't be going back after being accused of not paying my bill the week before we paid the week before and left a 15 pound tip to the waitress who was leaving that night . Handled badly by young manageress who made me feel embarrassed in front of her colleagues sad to say we won't be going back never liked the chips anyway they come out of a packet ! 
We have eaten here many times and it has never disappointed and has always been the best food in the area, however this time was not good at all we got our seats quickly, so far so good excellent service, we had great drinks and service was very attentive. We ordered food which came promptly firstly a starter of hummus which hit the spot! , next it was just downhill we ordered 3 Sunday roasts 2 roast beef and 1 roast lamb well they arrived in good time, so far so good, but the food was terrible it arrived cold not cooked as we asked (the beef) and tasted awful, the plates were hardly touched and staff did not even ask if everything was OK. We could not leave quick enough and have desert elsewhere. 
It's a great little pub but do avoid the food.... A rare steak was cooked to a cinder, anaemic vegetables and surly staff.  
This place is not great anymore. Overpriced and small pieces of fish. Have found other restaurants in the area are offering better quality at cheaper prices. Such a shame it's not that good anymore. 
Decided to try and visit for sunday lunch on a whim on sunday and rang in the forlorn hope we could get a table , should have heeded the warning bells when told we have plenty of tables . 
My wife and I went to this pub for a Sunday lunch after we had seen many good reviews. and we were rather disappointed with the food they served. 
I came the Andover arms for dinner on my own. It's just average pub food. Fish and chips etc. burgers are not anything to write home about. It's all done well but in terms of a special place to eat, it's not. Also the service is a bit off.  
Fancied a Thai so After reading the reviews here I thought I would order a delivery from Dan Thai. Checked the menu and rang to order, was told my order was not enough and that £18 is minimum for a delivery, bit steep I thought but I really wanted a Panang at this point so added some Veg spring rolls. Was told 45 mins and it came on time, paid the delivery guy with a £20 and he looked at me and then said you want your change! Anyway opened my Panang and it was tiny, the container was half full and barely any sauce, I have had hundreds of panang’s as it’s my favourite so know what to expect. So rang dan thai to question this, lady kindly offered to give me a free Panang next time I order and add more sauce, which I thought ok as food did smell amazing. So onto the food Veg spring rolls were ok nothing special but again 6 tiny rolls for £5, Stuffed chicken wings were also tiny, bland and no sauce, also some of the wings had pink bits so did not eat. Now onto the main chicken penang and sticky rice, Penang and rice tasted ok but was so stodgy due to no sauce and fairly dry rice, probably the worst penang I have had . Very dissappointed by now but could not be bothered to ring again and complain, won’t be ordering from here again. Overpriced and nothing special and amazed by some of the reviews here now I have tried this restaurant. 
Let me begin by saying that this is the most incredible fish and chip shop. The chips are crispy on the outside and soft in the middle; the fish is flaky and moist and batter so crispy and tasty that there is no other place like it for miles and miles. In fact I have eaten here on so many occasions that it would be impossible to count. Therefore imagine my huge disappointment when I decided to treat myself to some fish and chips for dinner tonight and it was the total opposite the above.  
Average but expensive food. The chips taste like peanuts. Fish was ok but very small size for what we paid. Staff seem to look down their noses at you.  
Rather a disappointing , almost empty a few older people drinking . The sea trout was ok , the rösti I was unable to eat as it was well cooked on the outside and raw in the middle and laden with oil , I pointed it out to the waitress , who offered me a free beer . We did not have pudding as the first course was not up to par . The whole place looked dreary with all the odd chairs , perhaps when more people are around doesn't look so tacky . I thought it was expensive for pub grub ; better value in the city . 
Looking for a local Sunday roast spot in a nice pub with fires and visited the Andover arms due to the good reviews.  
Admittedly it was very busy - there were two large parties of about 20 each who seemed to have the waiters all over them - completely ignoring the small tables. 
Food was reasonable if not very generous with the neat on the Mixed Tandoori. But to be charged 3.50 for a large soda and lime, essentially fizzy water with a dash of lime cordial is extortionate and unreasonable imho. Ordered second drink (smaller) and charged £2.50, only for the same size drink to arrive. Blatant profiteering. 
Phoned through an order, was told to arrive in 15minutes to collect. So pitch up 20mins later, to be told the order hadn’t been placed, when it had. So take a seat and 10mins later I ask when the food will be ready and the waiter had forgot to put the order in, so from phone call to collection was an hour.  
We visited with a family member from Germany as he was desperate for proper fish and chips! 
Overpriced, soggy wet fish, charged extra for salad instead of chips; a handful of dry and wilted leaves.  
place look run down. we are 4 of us. food was not fresh and micro way and sav puri was not fresh. pani puri -puri was old and stale and water for puri was taseless.toliet was dirty and food store in area.tastless food. sorry.. 
After reading such good reviews on trip advisor I thought we cannot miss trying this place out so looked at there Web site,so far so good, even though only the takeaway menu was on site prices looked good and usually prices only £1 or so different to restaurants menu or this is what most restaurants work to. 
The only good thing about it is the location but easy enough to get to Hounslow or Southall for far better food. When we went the restaurant was empty and dreary. Way over priced for location and food. 
The staff were pleasant and the dinning room was modern and clean. I had lamb chops to start and they were very tough so not the best start main was chicken Jalfrezy mushroom rice and tark dal. My main course was overpowered by the taste of cumin. Bizarrely the chicken was also quite dry and a bit tough. The mushroom rice was an odd synthetic redish colour. On the plus side the pickles tray was good but not enough to redeem my vote. Wont be returning sorry 
Have to say I was not impressed. Food (especially Sev Puri) was mediocre. Tue restaurant is designed in a strange way too. The staff are in an enclosed area with a small window. Feels like you are being served in a late night petrol pump. The vada pav was good though.  
Was surprised after my recent visit. It's not the way it used to be. I didn't like their food. I ordered chicken biryani and it was awful. The staff are friendly. I don't think I'd wanna go there again 
Visited here recently after the amazing reviews, but I believe it's only average. I wouldn't rush back as the food wasn't up to the expectations I expected. The food was bland and not very hot. Wouldn't recommend to someone wanting high quality food, at their expensive prices they charge. 
Walked in no welcome nothing asked waiter if we sit at the empty table smiled and wobbled the head.  
Was visiting friends in Ruislip a month ago and went to this place mid morning. Only wanted coffees and a snack. Firstly, waited about 4 minutes even to be acknowledged by someone. Then after placing order, waited 15mins, no coffees. Then cake arrived, still no coffee. After a further 5 minutes, enquired about the coffee and were told "its coming". Another 10 mins later, still no coffee. Tried to wave down a waitress, no joy. Couple of minutes later, coffee arrived. Shame, loved the atmosphere but during future visits to Ruislip, will not come here. Can't be that hard to make coffee, after all, this is a cafe?? 
Visited for mothering Sunday. 
I ordered a tea when it arrived there looked like something pink was floating in the milk looked like nail polish the tea spoon was dirty the saucer had dried tea on it and the rim of the cup wasn’t clean I took it back and complained all 3 young girls gave me dirty looks and the girl I gave it too just took it and didn’t say any thing another girl said “what did she say”. Extremely rude unprofessional and didn’t care at all! I will never go back in there. 
Nice coffee but strong smell of greasy cooking .needs revamp etc could do with good clean dont like idea of dogs allowed 
We liked the rustic charm of Red Onion’s little cafe but sadly the food was not as described by the well intentioned but misinformed waitress or a reflection of the photo’s on trip advisor. The ‘home made’ burger was from a frozen budget supermarket brand. Thin and spongy served on dry panini style bread resulting in a leftover MSG taste reminiscent of a kebab. We asked and were told twice it was freshly made when it clearly was not. Overly cooked frozen chips with a pot of chickpeas described as a bean salad were only garnished with a splash of lemon and parsley resulting in an unpalatable and uneventful dry mouthful as a side dish. An easy fix would have been to add olive oil. Eggs florentine was served with hard boiled yolks on thinly cut bread and the accompanying salad a wilted garnish. It was generously served and would have been good value for money but sadly resulted in a poor experience overall.  
Came here for Sunday lunch after reading some good reviews on Tripadvisor.  
Shrinkflation in action. Portions were significantly smaller, the waitress was surly, they got the order wrong and refused to acknowledge they had it wrong, and even charged for it. A drink we had ordered never arrived, service was very slow. It's a shame, we liked this place but don't think we will be returning. 
toasted bacon sandwich contained bacon that was over done. a small bottle for tea and flies that you had to swoosh away. 
It's a shame to have to avoid the place but it always smells of stale cooking fat. I did tell the staff, very politely once, so now I just don't go in, yet I really want to support individual traders on the High Street - please, change your extractor sheet or give it a good clean 
Coffee flavours and menu is very interesting and tastes great. It was an awful shame but the staff were pretty rude and reluctant to serve/cooperate.  
London has been known for the best Indian food. Not anymore though.  
We are locals and have used Red onion quite a few times as the food is not too bad. The cafe is in desperate need of an extractor fan as the smell of old burnt oil on every visit isn't very appetising. I think the owner and staff must be weathly and run this place as a hobby because the service can be so slow it's like they don't want regular customers. We recently went in there and it was fairly quiet and the staff (at least 3 of them on duty) walked past and ignored us several times and didn't even offer us a menu let alone acknowledge us, so after exactly 10 ten minutes we left and decided to go elsewhere in a cafe where the staff are attentive and we don't have to endure the smell of burnt cooking oil. 
Unfortunately all of our meal was tasteless from starters to main apart from the naan bread which was burnt. Please please can you marinate your meat. The service was poor too, no personal interaction it was as if we and other customers in my opinion were an inconvenience. No customer service unfortunately. We have visited your restaurant many times in the past but will not again.  
I wanted to go to this place for sometime after seeing the majority of very good reviews on TA and yesterday I managed to pop in with a friend of mine for an afternoon coffee. Although the ambiance is nice and cosy the lady behind the counter was a touch on the impatient/aggressive side when I asked a white coffee for my friend and a cappuccino for me. She confirmed the order by saying a coffee and a cappuccino to which I emphasized white coffee and she looked at me like I said something completely out of order after all it could have been black coffee! 
Cute restaurant and nice food. The staff look grumpy. Unfortunately we ordered 2 portions of lamb chops which came mostly burnt. We spoke to the waiter who said that is how they make it but we ordered another portion asking them to cook it less. It came less burnt but burnt. We ate it in the end. If you think the food is burnt just return it as they won’t acknowledge it is burnt if you eat the non burnt bits.  
I lunched here with a friend who is vegetarian as it seemed attractive and reasonably priced. I had a jacket potato which had obviously been cooked some time previously and reheated. It came with unremarkable cheese and unpleasantly greasy but otherwise bland bacon topping. The coffee I had with it was weak, milky and tasted of cheap catering coffee powder. My friend had a cheese salad roll which she said she enjoyed and a cup of tea which was better than the coffee. I wouldn't go back as there are plenty of other cafes in Ruislip where I could get nicer food at similar prices. 
We have been regularly going to the Red Onion Cafe for the pst couple of years and always enjoyed it there. The lst 2 visits were a massive letdown, not only have the prices gone up but the portions are also much smaller. We will not be returning. 
We had an impromptu meal here on the Bank Holiday Monday. The restaurant was very quiet when we arrived and the service was OK. The meal however was disappointing. The meal I had was made of prawns and various vegetables. The prawns were, I assume, frozen as they were totally colourless and tasteless, and the whole dish bland. It was not a great experience. We won't bother returning - there are lots of better options in Beckenham. 
The setting is beautiful but the food is lacking in any flavour. We ordered filo prawns but these came to is a panko breaded prawns- the waiter didn’t seem to understand the difference so we didn’t try to explain further. 
Order couple of starters including Falafel and two glasses of diet cokes. 
I went there for a second time based on my first time experience (when someone else paid), and offered still or sparkling water on arrival. We requested just tap water as we were going to order soft drinks. We were given a bottle of water and charged £5 for it. I hear that happened to someone else in London location as well. You have to carry a banner with you saying "I do NOT want any water at my table". When the bill arrives, you also notice that you are charged £4.50 for a bottle of diet Coke. They will also not offer you their express lunch menu unless you are aware of it and specifically ask for it. Another rule: if you are there for lunch, ask for the express lunch menu. Otherwise a fine restaurant with good enough food and attentive personnel. 
Had a falafel starter which was boring and dry - 4 falafels served on a plate with a tiny piece of iceberg salad. The lamb shish meal lacked spices and traditional accessories like grilled vegetables and other oils. It was dry and uninspiring. The only good thing was the meat which tasted good, but a £14 meal should give a bit more than that in my opinion.  
Ordered a takeaway with my husband. Food came within a decent time and was packaged well. 
Groupon voucher states choice of eight dishes to share. Only valid on mezze dishes listed under hot, cold starters, soups, mezza salads and sides. 
Myself and my partner placed an order to takeaway. The staff were very polite and helpful but on returning home to eat our meal, we found a very long blonde strand of hair in one of our cold meze dishes. I have dark brown hair so knew it wasn't mine and my parner has short hair. The hair was very long and as it was a cold salad would have been shaken all over the dish on the drive home. We returned the food and they apologised, but alas our night was ruined. Again I'll reiterate they were lovely but demonstrates very poor hygiene standards. 
I always try to give a positive review wherever possible, but sadly, this restaurant was having a bad night! Arrived to meet family for Valentines night. We arrived at 7.30 and were having a great chat , but we were in a booth at the back of the restaurant which was cold and draughty. after a rather long time a waiter arrived to give us the menu. We ordered drinks which arrived after a LONG wait, but again, a LONG wait for somebody to take our order. A LONG wait before starters arrived -8.30 which I have to say was very tasty. Despite an enquiry as to when our mains would arrive, at 9.40 I felt this was truly rotten service and decided we would leave at 9.45 , At which point the mains arrived, but only after many prompts from my son. Our appetites had wained by this point and hardly ate any of the food. My son negotiated an apology, free wine and 20 % off the bill. We will never go there again. 
Although I have tried Moroccan food before I have never tried it in a Moroccan restaurant. If this was my first experience of Moroccan food I would never eat it again. I should probably have guessed, at 12:45 in the afternoon there is only one other person in the restaurant. There is only one good thing that I can say and that is the service was good. I ordered 4 starters between 2 of us after asking the manger what he would recommend and due to my original starter not being available. He recommended chicken wings, the flavour was on the skin and as I don't eat the skin they were tasteless, another recommendation was lamb sausage, a little like chorizo but with less flavour and much smaller. I had chicken in filo pastry with almonds and something sweet under the chicken which wasn't thoroughly cooked or should I say warmed up as part of the chicken was cold and part was hot. The humus seemed to taste ok. For mains was Sea bass we had it two different ways one grilled and one in a tagine with couscous. The main tasted fine but that's all I can say the fish was not over cooked and in the tagine was just tomatoe purée and the seabas. Overall a very disappointing experience and left me feeling rather unwell for the rest of the day/night. 
I was in hisar before to be honest starter was super but last Friday was very bad taste smell so much garlic in humuz and so watery for kisir and dirty and oily plate in main course  
the setting is nice and staff pleasant and nothing wrong with the food overall - however it is so overpriced that outrageous is the only fair term to describe my shock at seeing the bill! 
I have been in this restaurant a few times. The first time was ok that is why I went there for the second time. This time the personal was very rude. We asked to seat near a window. They said us that there all tables were booked. There weren't any Booked notice on the tables. They said if you don't want to seat at another table then just leave. I didn't want to spoil my evening (I was with my friend), we took another table. We were there until they closed the restaurant and nobody came to these tables we asked to take before.  
My husband and I went for lunch today at the Kingston branch and while the food was delicious the hard sell nature of the waiter was very off putting and spoiled a potentially great experience. When he took our drink order I made it clear I just wanted sparkling water and my husband a beer. My husband repeatedly said he didn't want water but we were still given a large bottle of water and charged £5 for it. We ordered our food and he kept saying politely that we needed other dishes. I totally understand that a waiter suggests option but it was really hard sell. We felt pressured to have an extra dish even though this was not really wanted and we left most of it. I propbaly wouldn't go again which is a shame - all in all cost £55 
There were some good things about this restaurant, namely the staff, who were all very friendly, attentive and helpful.  
Very tiny restaurant. Food was unimpressive. Pizza would have been ok if it was cooked properly. Uncooked, doughy base. Would not return. 
Looked forward to visiting as love to support local restaurants and loved the look of the menu and concept. The restaurant is quirky and female waitress knowledgeable and friendly. Starters were ok crab and advocado salad and sausages good. Mains were the let down chicken on two dishes really tough and dry. Sorry would not come back  
Another disappointing meal here. What is consistant here is their approach to complaints and negative fedback, they simply ignore them. No plans to risk another visit. 
Four of us went after reading reviews and none of us were impressed with the food. Steak was tough, veg was bland followed by soggy shop bought apple pie. I also had to take Imodium following our visit. The service was fine.  
Very excited about coming here heard so much about this place. Turkey disappointed with the food. The starter lacked the French touch of garlic and cream and blue cheese. The main course was like a slimming world meal no cream at all. Stroganoff wasn't very good but the head waiter took it off the bill. My steak Diana also lacked brandy and cream.  
As I chose the restaurant after reading the reviews I booked the restaurant to meet up with friends. We were all very disappointed. Staff unprofessional. Food cold but did not complain as we had waited long enough for the meal. The same appetizer was ordered but with different quantity on the plates mine fortunately being the least. One guest ordered liver and bacon more bacon than liver and she didn't eat the liver as it happened because it was over cooked and tough. My veal escalope was burnt around the edges. Neither my husband or friends will be returning. 
I loved this restaurant and have already given it an excellent review for its atmosphere and food, but on our recent visit, I was disappointed with the customer service. I took my friends here on their first visit as I wanted to show them how nice this place was. My friend ordered the duck and it was very chewy and extremely salty. He was being very polite and left it on the plate and was going to keep quiet. The waiter came up and asked if everything was ok. We told him about the duck and although he listened to us didn't do anything about it. A simple gesture of giving my friend a free dessert would have been appreciated. I am a great believer that there are times when things can go wrong, but it's how you deal with it is what matters. They don't have a licence so couldn't offer a free drink (although it seems like they wouldn't have done that anyway). For a £4.50 dessert they could have offered this gesture. Instead, it's really niggled me so much, I doubt I will go there again. What is the point of asking if everything is ok when you're not going to do anything about it?  
Came here as seen lots of positive reviews, in fact I was expecting a much busier and bigger restaurant, because it has soo many reviews! More reviews than restaurants that have been in sidcup for 40 years. Anyway back to the meal, the restaurant is very small, not particularly clean and the waiter had dirty clothes on, found the menu a little limited, but I love French classics so that suited me, I didn't have a starter as I think £8 is a crazy price for a stater in an amateur looking restaurant, it's sidcup station not London guys! I had chicken chasseur for main it was ok, a bit bland but edible . I didn't bother with dessert either as the experience didn't really spur me on to have one, I won't bother going again, will go to cote brassiere next time I fancy French food  
We went on valentines evening and were very disappointed. The portion sizes were small even for myself and I am an average eater. My partner has a healthy appetite and left the restaurant hungry. The veal was nice but not enough, however we had to remind the waiter that they had forgotten the zucchini and when it arrived it was a portion for one to be shared by 2. Having had Zucchini many times I was looking forward to them, to find the zucchini is an understatement, they were all batter. the zucchini was so thin it looked like a potato peeler had been used. This is not my first review of restaurants but I write as I find and I will not be returning to this one. 
Staff and service very good. Food was not enjoyable at all. We left feeling we had just wasted £100 (for four)! The red sauce that covered the scallops, and frogs legs was the same sauce which covered the pasta and sea bass. I ordered frogs legs and sea bass, not aware that it was in a sauce and both dishes tasted the same. My husband had the scallops and pasta, also smothered in the same sauce. Good if the sauce was nice, but it wasn't! Snails are not good at the best of times but covered in cheese literally made my friend sick. The breaded escalope was dry and tasteless. My friend could not eat the pasta as she was so sick of the sauce after it being covered on her starter. The only positive i have to say about the food is that the vegetables were cooked well...not too soft or too hard. I will not be returning. 
When I pay over £250 for a meal I expect faultless service. We were served by a very sour waiter. It certainly did nothing to help when I found there is a built in service charge of 12.5%. This is all the more aggravating when I add that the food was - as always- excellent 
We travelled down from Manchester to eat at Di Paolo & we were really looking forward to our evening. The food was good and not only looked good buy was tasty. But the service was poor. The staff treated us in a perfunctory manner and there was no warmth or genuineness. For example our food was just thrust in front of us with no care or attention. I could give other examples of the poor service. To summarise the food was good but the service poor. And do you know what after treating us in such a poor way the staff awarded themselves a £33 tip without even asking us. 
Average food, friendly people, nice surroundings but not good value. Good to get a window seat, previously by the toilet. 
Visited the restaurant as wanted to try something different in the area - wish we hadn't bothered or wasted the money. It was for our anniversary and when we arrived they did not have our name down as booked (due to the fact that when booking the man couldn't understand what I was saying on the phone even having spelt it out three times) The waiters were pleasant but the food was shocking. Stale bread, over cooked tough escalopes, but the main thing was everything seemed to have been fried - even the vegatables we ordered were covered in batter!!!! I had asked if they did anything special for an anniversary when booking & was told they write it on the dessert plate - but when my cheesecake arrived (which had the hardest base ever I couldn't even put a fork through it) there was no writing on the plate...very disappointing and too late to complain as was meant to be a surprise. Don't sit on a table by the front door either as we were covered by flies hovering above us all through the meal...old decor, felt cheap & cold inside - will NOT be visiting again...No hopes of a romantic dinner here! 
Went here for a special family meal. Ambiance is good and we were anticipating some great Italian food. However, my asparagus was a firm al dente and my main course of cod lacked flavour (my guess was that the cod had been frozen and wasn't fresh). Waiters were also a little surly and unhelpful. The table next to us had a problem when they wanted to send something back because it wasn't what they had ordered...  
After reading mixed reviews, I decided to give it a go myself. My partner and I both were of the same opinion that the food in general was rather tasteless and the presentation overall poor. The food was not in itself bad quality but I felt it lacked that extra that defines a good restaurant from a mediocre restaurant. Unfortunately this was, in my opinion, was very mediocre at quite a high price for sidcup. I will probably not visit again. 
Thought we'd try this little restaurant as it had stunning reviews but we left a little disappointed. I think we had the impression that it might be good value without the marked up drinks prices you pay in other places but the food was overpriced for the quality we received. Everything was under seasoned, the calamari was tough, the vegetables were rock hard and my mashed potatoes were like wallpaper paste.  
Very disappointed with the Restaurant.Had to pre order in advance which would have been fine if all the meals had been delivered to the table at the same time,one guest had to wait 5 minutes for her main meal,and watch everyone else eat.The waiters seemed very disorganised,not leaving the right cutlery,and asking for all our names and ticking off on a list.Water should have been offered in glass jugs free and not charged £1.09 each for water for 16 people.Value for money terrible for very average food for the adults,and awfull prices for 3 childrens meals,poor serving of a few chips and chicken goujons £7.95 each and 2 scoops of ice cream at £5.90. Because i was with my family on such an important occasion i did not let i spoil my evening,but would not reccomend or go to this restaurant again. 
This is a restaurant I've visited several times with great expectations that have never been truly fulfilled.  
Was staying in Denham on business and tried Da Remo as a change from local pubs.  
Ordered chicken tikka damask, was really disappointed I could smell oxo as soon as opened it . Nothing like my normal take away .  
Im afraid I'm joining the 18% that think that this restaurant is very poor on there take away delivery service...after being given an estimated delivery time through the just eat app confirmation service i still had to chase the restaurant direct after 1hour and 20 minutes and told that my order hadn't left and a free bottle of beer had been added to order and that the driver would call if he had trouble finding the address...30 minutes later i received the call and had to street navigate a professional driver to our address who had already received local landmark details.....alas the food arrived eventually but was cold and tasteless and the portion sizes was unbelievable..this was a £50+order of indian selections for a family get together but was a total embarrassment and anybody that would give this establishment a good review obviously has never experienced good Indian cuisine....poor poor poor  
The only reason this review is not rated terrible is that I have visited Melisi before and it has been very good.  
I recommend this restaurant to friends and as a party of 10 they couldn’t cope with the service as they missed one dish of so had to wait for it to be cooked. The food was disappointing as the pasta dishes were all mush as they had been in hot water all day. Tasteless pizzas and poor portion size. No complementry olives or bread or water for the table. 
We decided to come here for dinner this evening after reading all the great reviews on tripadvisor. 
I visited this restaurant with a group of friends recently and left unimpressed, whilst I could not fault the politeness & friendliness of the staff, the speed of service was ok but as a group we were very disappointed with the food, which was bland and didn't last long in the memory, and considering that fact this place is expensive and we would not be rushing back, it's possible we were unlucky and caught them on a bad night !  
For our 22nd wedding anniversary, we decided to go to Melisi for dinner after reading the amazing reviews of the place on Trip Advisor as being the no.1 restaurant in Ruislip, but we were very disappointed. We do have big appetites so we asked the waiter if it would be best to share 3 pizzas (our party was 5) and he assured us that the pizzas were light and recommended ordering one pizza each. Even for my 10 year old?? No kids sizes? The pizzas that we ordered did not look much like pizzas, they were huge and had large. We struggled finishing them and the taste was very average. My pizza had chillies on but was so hot that I had to leave the pizza. All 5 of us were disappointed with the pizza and still paid £75 for the disappointment. So I honestly give my feedback of this restaurant as a 2 (poor). Cannot understand how this restaurant is rated so high for food. 
A simple bowl of penne arriabata was tasty - but £10:45?? That is a Central London hotel bar price - & I have never - never! - had to pay a supplement for parmesan so the additional £1:50 on top of the £10:45 was completely out of order. Won't be back. 
Took my wife and kids for some highly rated pizza but unfortunately all the pizzas were poor - mostly because the mozzarella or some other ingredients had let out water during cooking. My kids were so hungry we just ate them as they were plus tables are timed.  
I didnt like this place at all, not even for ambiance neither for food. We order 2-3 curry dishes, and all curry taste same, all were sweet. Too oily. Bread was so thick. Well, i can only say only one thing that they dont serve Indian food. They server some Indian fusion food which has name of Indian dishes but doesn't taste like Indian food not even closer. 
I am a loyal customer to this restaurant since I have moved into romford which was last year.  
Had a takeaway,chicken balti,not happy with the taste, The curry sauce looks like it came out of a jar and the chicken had been thrown in and heated up. 
Was a nice pizza, however, if you are having a takeaway do not forget to ask to have it sliced - otherwise a very messy experience to eat a whole unsliced pizza without any cutlery!! Apparently I should have asked for it to be sliced, as the chef 'thinks it's nicer uncut'. I just wish they had told me that before I walked out with my pizza. 
I dined at this restaurant based on the reviews. I was disappointed with the quality of the food. I had a Chicken Dansak, the chicken was dry and the Karahi which we ordered was also mild. We sent this back and asked for extra spice. 
Soggy bottom on the pizza, overcooked first course which was poor value - plus tables are jammed in. not a great experience - pizza needs to be cooked properly. Friendly staff and nice ham on pizza but otherwise I will not go back. First courses need more variety. 
After two previous good experiences visited with my cousin who was down from Scotland & appreciates a good ruby. 
Visited for the first time for a family birthday meal. We were sat by the door and it was freezing cold every time anyone walked in (which was often due to staff and delivery person constantly being in and out). Even when the door was shut the restaurant in general was quite cold and not very comfortable, it's very cramped.  
Met some friends in Romford and decided to visit Bekash as the TA reviews were good.  
Really disappointed with this place! As, since it opened, it really did seem a really nice little gem, clean, crisp and authentic looking. Menu seemed simple, but focused on their speciality - pizza. So, when I saw the fire oven when I went today, was really excited about the food. 
on reading the reviews a party of 4 of us went there last night. 
Food is midfle of road and exspensive, service is slow and soft drinks over priced, food was bland and cold.......... 
After finding out they had a wood burning oven I was looking forward to tasting a real Italian pizza on my door step. Unfortunately the wonderful thin crispy base pizza that I have eaten and enjoyed in many places in Italy did not appear. What we did get were pizzas with a soggy base and very salty, not what we had expected. I did title this "Sorry about this" because the staff were very nice shame about the pizza.  
Being pizza lovers and having read some promising reviews we were looking forward to visiting this local "authentic" Italian pizzeria. 
I have visited Bekash several times in the past and unfortunately this will be my last visit. The food is okay but I have experienced several instances of rudeness from waiters here. On New Years Eve I had to ask a particular waiter to leave my table... 
Having read the reviews on here decided to give the place a try. Ambiance was nice and food ok. Owner is definitely a customer service oriented person and was keen to make sure everything was super. Unfortunately the same can not be said for all the staff one chap in particular came across very rude. Would I go again, no a take away maybe.  
Last week, I attended a party with my friends to this restaurant. The overall service were good & staff were friendly. But my friends didn't like the smell of smoke from one waiter's body. He (skin's color is brown/dark) wore black spectacles & a bad smell of smoke were coming from his body & it created an unpleasant atmosphere for my guests.it made a bad impression about this service! We never back again!!  
We ordered a takeaway from Melisi via Ubereats and were quite disappointed with the order we received. The garlic bread was both very oily and tasted of burnt garlic, it was almost inedible. One of the pizzas we ordered did not state it was a white pizza and so we were disappointed with this when it arrived. The two other main dishes salmon pasta and another pizza were okay. 
Don't go there if you're a woman. They don't address you and completely ignore if you are woman. I went there to get a takeaway and the chap only spoke to my husband. Did not address both of us and completely dismissed I was even there AND I WAS THE ONE PAYING!! 
The restuarant is clean and staff welcoming on arrival but that is as far as compliments go. 
Thought we would give this restaurant a go simply because it has been voted number 1 in Romford. As regular eaters at Indian restaurants we can honestly say that the Food and service left little to be desired and cannot understand why it has recieved such glowing reviews, even awards. To top if off whilst we were attempting to enjoy a quiet semi romantic meal a mother and daughter were led and sat at the table immediately next to us, may as well have been sitting at our table it was that close, and proceeded to bicker constantly all night, the place was practically empty and we felt this was completely thoughtless, so ambience "the lack of" also gets a thumbs down. So a lesson learned to our cost, we will not return and we will stick with eating at the "ZAAFRAN" in gidea park as without question, in our opinion, is an Indian restaurant that is "SECOND TO NONE". 
Only one of our 5 dishes was better than average. All the portions were tiny. The service was poor as the staff seemed to resent us being there. I've since checked their website and find that they close at 2.30pm on Sundays, Our 3-person party arrived at 2pm. So why didn't they say that they were about to close instead of showing us to a table? Not a pleasant experience and I certainly wouldn't return! If this is really the best restaurant - not just Indian restaurant - in the entire town of Romford, then Romford has much to do to attract visitors. Although I've never eaten in Romford before, I can't believe it is, so perhaps, for some reason, people leave good reviews for this very average restaurant but don't think to do so for other, more superior, restaurants? I am really quite baffled - it would seem to me to be a case of The Emporer's New Clothes! Please leave reviews that can be trusted by visitors - they are not helpful otherwise. And please look further down the list to leave your wonderful reviews for other restaurants, some of which might be more deserving. 
This place is far too over rated. Had a take away wasn't great then went in for a meal and wasn't great at all plus the price isn't that cheap! I would recommend Asia spice (down the road) been there alot of times and they never get it wrong. Really nice people who run it as well!  
Uninspiring and hard to like. We arrived on a cold night and were placed in the very far corner of the restaurant. There was one other group in while we were there and I think they were having a staff party.  
Was looking very much forward for lovely meal with nice welcoming atmosphere, which was in beginning, but as soon as you ordered food, was not much attention paid. Found very rude that establishment didn’t say thank you & good bye after paying the bill ( which wasn’t cheap) 
Nice restaurant, the staff are lovely and helpful. 
Had a calzane look lovely .let the hot air out and it was flat like a pancake.nout Inside not my taste. Shame  
I ordered take away, picked it up and was told I couldn't pay on card and then when I asked why I was allowed to? Opening up my curry it was very warm and tasted okay but their was a brown hair in it. Bhaji was average and everything else was okay.  
So, went here as it was 1st choice locally on trip advisor, food was average at best, where the meal was let down,, your dips are watered down and runny,, not a good start! 
Good: 
We visited as a family and were able to get a table on a saturday evening at very short notice. Huge menu choice, with some quite unusual dishes which clearly overawed the waiters as any questions about them required visits to the kitchen. Our drinks were brought wrong twice. We all had different starters and mains and while some food was quite nice, none of it was as special as other reviews have made out. The prawns in the puri starter were hard from being cooked into submission. The butter chicken sauce had split into a lumpy mess due to overcooking. However the most off putting things had nothing to do with the food. One of the front of house waiters, a larger gentleman wearing a suit, absolutely stunk of body odour and it even lingered around the table a while when he'd gone. There is no excuse for such poor personal hygiene especially in a restaurant. Also when a table near you was given the hot steaming napkins at the end, all you could smell and taste was very strong washing up liquid. Overall, a very disappointing and quite pricey meal. 
Service good, price too much, food terribly average and bland. I thought Indian food has spices in it not here folks... 
Decent food. The server was rushing us the whole time asking if we were done when there was clearly food left and we were still eating. Almost standing over us waiting to get us out. Basically disrespected a man at my table by insinuating he should have a beer instead of wine. We ordered desserts...basically poor ice cream. And the coffee I'm sure was rancid. A double espresso came in a large coffee cup and it was full of this bitter mess of a coffee. 
I had high expectation when we arrived but I was disappointed at the end. I felt inconvenient how the waiter treated us and the food taste was under my norm. The place looks good, many waiters but I missed a good energy and helpful staff. 
I went to sipson tandoori with my wife . Immediately noticed that we were the only asians in the restaurant no a good sign . We looked at the menu . no specials at all . just your normal conventional dishes . My wife makes better curries at home .  
My friend and I visited for lunch. On entering, the decor (primarily white) and ambience was very pleasant and we were warmly greeted. We were invited to choose where we wanted to sit (only one other table was occupied), and it soon became clear our choice would be defined by the choice of chair, the majority of which were very basic wooden brown ones. A little disappointing as I would have expected a more upmarket and comfortable chair to fit in with the rest of the lovely decor. My friend opted for a starter and dessert. She chose the 'Mousse de Canard' and expected a soft 'mousse' style paté, but it came as a hard block that she was very disappointed with commenting it looked as thought it could have come out of a supermarket. I went for the rather expensive dish of the day - £29.50 (not on the menu) which was Turbot on a bed of vegetables cooked in butter and white wine I was told. I expected a decent sized piece of white fillet off a decent sized Turbot, however when it arrived it was like a whole baby fish (head and bones removed), with skin still on the underside and a crusty layer on top. It literally gave me about 4 small mouthfuls of thin crusty coated flesh. Certainly not value for money. The finely chopped melange of vegetables underneath seemed to be coated in the rich buttery sauce and after three mouthfuls it was too buttery to be enjoyable. We both commented on my fish when it arrived and the charming and polite waiter went behind the scenes, returning to offer us some money off the bill. £3 to be exact, but I would still say it was definitely extremely expensive for what it was. Turning to the desserts, my friend ordered the Profiteroles in a Warm Chocolate Sauce. Again disappointment, as the chocolate sauce was cold, and one of the reasons she had chosen it was for the warm sauce. I ordered a Creme Brulée, which was the tiniest I have ever seen. I spend a lot of time in France and I think this was half the size of the smallest I've ever been served. The shallow dish must have been around 3" wide and less than 1/2" deep. I think I managed to get about 4 teaspoons out of it. Certainly not worth the £6.50 I paid. 
I really can't see how this rates as the number 1 restaurant in Sidcup. It's probably because it's a BYO booze that has got it so high, however considering they don't have to cover a licencing fee the cost of their food is extremely expensive.  
What must be the worst table in the house, right by the front door, meant a cold blast whenever it was opened. Food was hit and miss, and expensive. Mussels in my moules mariniere were tiny. My wife (who is French) said her sea bass was ok, but not as good as we cook at home. My steak frites was good though. Creme brulees had good flavour, but weren't set. The Muscadet sur Lie served wasn't the one listed, although it was a sur Lie of the same vintage so I said nothing (and neither did the waiter). Probably should have as it was very average. Our first time there and won't return. 
Huge dissapointment - my grandmother would be embarassed.  
We went as a family to celebrate a birthday, the staff were not french but used a laughable french accent and there was an old lady playing the accordion quite loudly which was really intrusive after the novelty of the first few tunes had worn off and made conversation difficult!! I ordered french onion soup as it is a favourite of mine and found it lacking flavour . Several of us ordered various steaks which were all disappointing and one of our party was up most of the night revisiting their oysters. Expensive for the quality of food 
We had eaten here once previously with another couple and although it was expensive for what we had, and the location, we had wine and beer so that would have not provided a true and fair reference point.  
I can only think the other reviewers are comparing to the local fast food pizza chains.  
Delivery was short of items ordered. The restaurant was called and the rest was delivered half an hour later. The food looked like it was thrown in the bag. It was leaking out everywhere. One of the main dishes smelt odd and was partially burnt which tainted the rest of the dish with the smell and taste. The meat was so dry as well. Almost like lunchtime food reheated for the evening. The other dish was bland as well. Ruined a takeaway evening in.  
This is a friendly coffee shop with inviting looking cakes and delicious coffee and other drinks. We were cold because the door was open all the time. We were given rug for warmth. This was February in England. Very chilly. 
If setting your own table and paying extortionate prices for special menu(not priced on menu)Guinea fowl breast & roast potato £26 Then book a table 
Oh dear what a shame about this attempt at a French bistro. The location and decor both warming and intimate. But the food was so average and the service so pretentious. You certainly know you are in Hampton Court and NOT in France. The waiter\chef\owner, barks at you and never waits for a gap in conversation before describing the most unimaginative menu - (mussels from New Zealand) there was only one cut of beef ( " because there was a match at Twickenham and everybody wanted to eat beef " - thats a surprise rugby supporters wanting a good steak before starting on the beer ! ) No real apology for the restaurant's bad planning or ordering. Then theres the Accordion Player.. did anybody tell the owners that sort of thing went out with Black Forest Gateau and Onion Sellers on bicycles.. It was all so predictable even down to the chef's version of Limoncello or Chocotello or whatever it was at the end. But hey the locals probably like it. 
Having looked online to find a recommended place for cream teas in Windsor, my friends and I visited Limes. We ordered cream teas & tea. The waitress came with a tray with the drinks which had spilt on the tray and the over flow was spilt onto the table as the tray was tilted. One of the cups was dirty and when they brought the replacement the girl, with her thumb in the cup, slammed it onto the saucer. When the scones arrived they were very small and then they brought out the clotted cream out it was just 1teaspoon of cream for four scones! 
And it looks like that might have to be me... I'm a great believer in trying everything twice which is why I went back after my first mediocre experience... I think this place blows hot and cold depending on the chef, but both my attempts let me down. The first time the food was clumsy and under seasoned - not the sort fayre the gorgeous frenchy interior would suggest. I found the service to be over familiar to the point of contemptuous and slightly creepy. Second try was similar , except the food was just bad, with a basic risotto failing epically. The waitress actually took offence to my delicate critisim and told me that she thought is was okay...and the chef was too stressed make another. Emporors new clothes, sort your act out. 
Food was good, service was knowledgeable about the food and polite, atmosphere was destroyed by accordian being played and group of diners singing (badly ) along to yellow submarine, you are my sunshine, Zorba the greek and a whole karrioke of poor music. We left not taking dessert or coffees as it had become too much of a knees up mother brown in the pub atmosphere. Not what I wanted from a French bistro. Best part of £50 a head without dessert - why did they allow someone to use a karrioke app on their phone and take requests on the accordian! Keep that for the pub across the road. 
over priced cafe, food average, baby chino was £2.50 a total rip off any where else 50p or free for children  
Was recommended this place by a friend and at first, it looked like a real find. The staff were really friendly and service was good however, my baguette was really disappointing. I ordered a Brie, bacon and lettuce baguette. The bread was not crusty but all stodgy and dry and I expected the bacon to be hot but it wasn't. Overall I could only force down half of it. My mom said her toasted sandwich was fine so maybe just avoid the baguettes! 
Unimpressed by food and ambience. A Cosy Friday night supper with friends sadly felt very corporate. 
We had dinner with two in The Glasshouse. We took pumpkin soup and cod fish with half a bottle of wine. The food was exceptionally good. Unfortunately, the context and service was more or less a disaster. The place is very crowded and poorly organized. The service was unfriendly, we didn’t get time to make a choice, food was just put on the table without any interaction or question. Many things were done sloppy, wine was served too late, no bread was added, table was cleaned too late, etc. In summary, we paid 135 pond which may have been ok for the high quality food, but definitely not for the context and the way the food was served. 
One Michelin star restaurant doesn´t deserve a star from us. First of all, there was a black long hair in my food!!! I got a new portion after complaining, but no one didn't apologised. I ordered a small glass of vine and afterwards asked another one. They brought me a big glass and finally charged from two big glass of vine. The sommelier wasn't aware of what we have ordered when he came to our table to give vine suggestions. A good service is something what you expect from a star restaurant. Good food is just not enough! 
For lunch on Friday we returned for the fourth time to the Glasshouse in Kew. The service was as good as always, but the food was a real let down. At the prices charged here (~£45 per person for the menu + Drinks) this is not acceptable.  
With my husband In Windsor for a long weekend and decided - based on TA reviews - to go to Limes for a quick snack. 
Not straightforward to book as didn’t answer mobile numbers or email address on tastecard’s or restaurant’s own website (found a landline on trip advisor which is answered). 
We arrived at 12.40pm and were offered a number of tables - few were occupied. The attention we received from the waiters was excellent and indeed very friendly. The lunchtime menu (£35.00) was quite interesting and varied. Sweetbreads for my partner and scallops for myself as our starters (note Only TWO scallops on a large plate did not impress!). Main courses were equally sparse but looked beautiful. This restaurant does not favour the "hungry" client. 
very rude host on late 12th .11. no welcome 3 tables in snapped sit anywhere, has to ask eveytime for more drinks, no one asjed if meal good ... it was not poor , waitress never knew what black pepper was! , make house slammed every drink on table then bill , mopped floor with smelly black water , dust everywhere.... never again ! so dissapointed use to ve amazing..owners take note ! 
Food is quite nice but the service although very friendly needs to be more professional. 
Waitress took a long time to ask for drinks orders and then the lunch took extremely long to come out and came out at different times. 
I received a voucher for a 3 course meal as a 50th birthday present and I was very excited at the prospect of the meal 
The menus arrived as we were seated and our drinks order was immediately asked for, when they arrived* we were asked for our food order it was all very rushed.( It was 19.00 perhaps the table was required for reuse later) 
We recently went to Capricho Portuguese Kitchen to celebrate our anniversary with our family. It is small and intimate restaurant. The food was good but the service wasn't. 
Heard good things about this restaurant and was looking forward to it. Really disappointed, bread was tasteless and the pate was two little tins of bought pate ( I actually thought it was the butter at first !) monkfish prawns and rice had one large prawn and tiny shrimps smaller than clams , monkfish tasty the rest tasteless . Reasonable prices but won’t be going back . Husbands steak ok but side dishes not rated 
Went with my wife and son table booked for 8.30 , on arrival told that table wasn’t ready as people were still eating . The manageress apologised , we were then left standing by the front for 30 minutes at one point she came over and said the people are paying there bill ( around 15 minutes in) shown to our table and then after fifteen minutes a said to the manageress that it’s been 3/4 of a hour and not even been offered a drink , she made some comment about it being the party before fault for the delay, my wife said is that an apology to which she replied I apologised when you arrived, her attitude was terrible and to be honest we should have walked out at this point . Food was good but due to her lack of customer care we will not be returning and would not recommend to family or friends.  
After seeing such great reviews, we were disappointed. We are not sure how long this place has been open, but have a feeling that it won’t be open for long unless there is a change in the attitude of the management.  
I've been to this restaurant a couple of times, in fact I wrote a review in December 2013 and was really happy with the service.  
The food was very tasty but the service was not good at all. 
So I was going to post a review then I wasn’t then upon reflection and after a good nights sleep I am. 
I do sincerely hope that this is still a soft launch of the business. 
We had our usual vegetable biryani which is usually a safe bet but at this restaurant it was quite oily and very very salty, the side vegetable dish that came with it was not tasty. However, the methi aloo and naan seemed good. 
Phoned and booked a table for three for evening meal for special occasion. 
We ordered a takeaway at 10pm for pick up to take back to our hotel room. I had a £30 voucher to spend. We ordered Yaki Udon no peppers and Yaki soba with tofu and a couple drinks. My Yaki udon came full of red and green peppers with no sauce on the noodles, it was a massive disappointment and i ate two bites and left the rest. I think it was tasteless and rushed due to being one of the last meals of the day!  
Now before you judge, I'm aware of how the restaurant works but still... the Price!? Mental!!! I visited this restaurant with a few work friends in our lunch break, as most places struggle to sit/serve you within our hour lunch. The staff... not the friendliest, and you can tell they want you out as quick as possible to sit their next victim. The food came out quick(perhaps too quick) and all at different times, in fact I had eaten my meal before my colleague had received his.  
Although the food was acceptable, it felt like an imposition asking the staff for anything. We weren't greeted warmly and genuinely, it would not hurt for the staff to smile... 
Poor service is the reason for star rating , have been to this restaurant many times but the staff always let it down , I think customers become invisible and you have to get there attention if you want anything, not good . Although food is good . 
We dined here on a Saturday night.. the food and the atmosphere belong in the 70s or the 80s. The food is what you expect as 'Italian' if you have never been to Italy.. just OK.(We are Italian btw) However the service and the welcome was very friendly. However, the thing that bothered is that our conversation was continually interrupted by the lights being turned off and a laser glitterball being turned on and loud Happy Birthday singing which seemed to go on for ages. When that wasn't happening they allow a bunch of guitarists to come in and play next to your ear until you give them money to actually just go away. Not a relaxing experience. 
Went here yesterday with my boyfriend. We ordered gyoza pork and one chicken. The waitress put one on the table but didn't tell us which one so we had no idea if it was going to be pork or chicken. Good job one of us could both eat pork and had no restrictions. The pork one was fabulous. The chicken one wasn't great and I wouldn't get it again. 
Me and my friend visited and had some dinner not long ago. We didn't feel very welcomed when we came in, we waited about 15 minutes for anyone to come over to take our drinks order, considering it's a Tuesday night and was not very busy in the restaurant. The waitress that served us barely spoke to us, and looked very miserable and didn't smile once. My friend had to ask two members of staff for some culterly, which took some time to arrive. When we paid the waitress snatched my card from me, and then walked off with my friends money, not giving us any indication of what was left to pay. Left very disappointed and with no parting comment. Overall slow service, considering there was plenty of staff.  
Went with a friend for lunch and we were first in the restaurant Ordered out food and drinks and were served so quickly. The food was on thick pottery type plates and was cold in minutes. We said we didn't want sweets and happy just finishing our drinks but the bill was plonked in front of us without even asking for it. They wanted us gone and next lot in. Would never go back. 
Compared to other Wagamamas I have been to, this one is quite poor. The service was slow, despite there being lots of staff around, many of whom walked straight past us when they could see that we were ready to order or when we had finished our meals. Also no-one said goodbye when we left which I feel is a very basic courtesy. The food took longer to arrive than at other restaurants, but it was good quality.  
What a joy to have a Wagamama come to Staines. Lovely decor, all the great noodle choices and fast, friendly service. Really easy to 
Chicken was overcooked and very tough (chicken) and only just warm having been delivered by Deliveroo. Food had been tipped and was all over the place. Very overpriced for the quality and service received. 
I have left very positive reviews of the Albany Spice before. It is normally our go to place for get togethers after work. We arranged a post lockdown get together, 10 friends, 2 tables with social distancing a priority.  
We booked a table at BR6 following a review of the web site and menu online. Whilst the restaurant itself is very comfortable unfortunately the menu was not as advertised. Although we do not have any allergies my husband and I are careful when selecting a restaurant. The menu on the website bears no relation to the menu in the restaurant. The manager is not told until the day what the menu is going to be so we would suggest giving them a call to find out otherwise you may be disappointed as we were. Also there was a private function which was very noisy as the restaurant cannot be closed off from the function suite. 
Went with family after getting back from holiday. Ordered a lamb dish and asked for it to be pink. Stunned by the response, which was that the lamb arrives already bagged up and cooked so they could not guarantee the colour. Essentially this meant I was going to get "boil in the bag" lamb, which was not what I was prepared to pay their price for.  
My husband and I went this evening to the restaurant for a little romantic dinner. A particular pasta dish containing chicken was £10.50 but I wanted it with king prawns instead as I don’t eat chicken. I asked the waiter if this was something he could accommodate and he said absolutely. I explained to him that have been here twice before and they have done that for me both times for an additional £3 which I am happy to pay. He said that’s fine. However when the meal arrived there were only THREE prawns in it. He saw the look of shock on my face and said ‘we can add more but that’ll cost £10 extra because prawns are expensive’. I was really disappointed and it put a bad taste in my mouth for this restaurant. Also after that he didn’t attend our table at all and I had to actually get up and ask him if we could have some more water please as he wouldn’t even make eye contact. This place is busy so it looks like they just don’t care about customer service because the food does happen to be tasty. It is a shame as I have felt the rudeness from the waiters before and ignored it giving them the benefit of the doubt but this time was too far. Didn’t leave a tip in the end when the manager came to take the bill and he didn’t even ask us how the food was, if we were okay. Nothing!! So much for Italian hospitality!  
Had a lovely afternoon tea at the BR6 Bakehouse earlier this year, but I don’t who is in charge now, today’s afternoon tea was so disappointing. The sandwich fillings seemed fine enough, but the bread was slathered thickly with horrid margarine rather than a thin spread of butter. The scone was huge but not cooked all the way through – as I tried to remove the doughy filling I found a hair attached. I took the cakes home but have just put them in the bin – the lemon drizzle cake which was delicious last time is no longer “drizzled” but now has a thick white tasteless icing and I could not detect any flavour of lemon in the cake or in the icing. To be fair, I was offered a replacement scone by the waitress but declined because frankly I couldn’t see that it would be much of an improvement. To the Manager or Chef at BR6 Bakehouse, please review what is going on in the kitchen, because your trainees need to know that this standard of food is not good enough. 
Feel bad saying it as its a training school but this was a huge dissappointment  
What can I say...unfriendly staf. We were made to feel unwelcome. Had meat and veggie Thalias. Tasteless 
I’d like to be factual and realistic.  
First time eating here and I was encouraged by recent reviews. The service was excellent but the food was very disappointing. I had mushrooms in cheese sauce for a starter - the sauce was dreadful - and for a main I had pasta. The pasta was cooked to perfection but the sauce was murdered with salt. In fairness, the waitress offered to cook me another one but time did not permit. 
Typical Xmas let down, nice restaurant and lovely staff, but the food was tasteless and vegetables undercooked, I had the turkey, just Ok , very hard sprouts, :? oven cooked potatoes, It is the first time I actually left half my meal as did others on the table, starter was not bad goats cheese, the best bit was the sweet. But at £25 very poor value. I have been a couple of times before and the steak was nice, but this restaurant is overpriced for the quality. 
This restaurant is a glorified take away. Food was quite inauthentic but perhaps reflects the clientele in that area. The co-owner was friendly but a little too overwhelming. There was constant activity of liveried bikers talking home delivery orders in and out. Behind the bar loud chatter or home delivery orders on the phone. 
Went here last weekend for a friend's birthday dinner. Restaurant is extremely small but we had booked so not an issue. And then it went all downhill when we met our waiter. He was extremely loud, overly keen to take our order making us feel very rushed and literally leaned over me while serving the food. I found his mannerisms extremely poor, doubting he had any hospitality training at all. My husband was brought the wrong main course (chicken instead of lamb) and when queried, he made out as if he ordered the wrong item and then tried to sway us from bringing the correct dish by over exaggerating on the time it would take to bring the correct dish. Thankfully the manager came over to ensure everything was okay and then ensured the correct dish arrived swiftly. 
This is by no means exceptional. It's standard as far as Indian food is and not as nice as the Ghandi next door. Also, I've never seen so many questionable reviews that look like they've been written by the same person. Also, this must hold the record on Tripadvisor for the highest number of single reviews for any restaurant. It seems a bit dodgy. 
I have a feeling that since the recent name change, Jaipur's of Chigwell is under new ownership as it has really gone down hill. I visited with friends on Saturday evening and the food was much lower quality than we are used to, and the service was painfully slow. There were 6 staff at front of house most of the time, but it took us asking 3 of them, and 35 minutes to get a second bottle of wine and some water, 40 minutes for our starters to arrive, and 45 minutes after that for our main courses. 
Visited to celebrate a friends birthday. Unfortunately there were only 4 of us as 2 had cancelled at the last minute.  
Went on a busy Friday early evening....positives would be very smart, buzzy and the staff were friendly. However, the food was extremely disappointing...pure style over substance and some very strange combinations that simply did not work. My beetroot starter was an odd mixture of beetroot cubes, no green leaves, a couple of different cheeses, a walnut...all served dry...did not work. The main guinea fowl tasted like cheap rubbery chicken and had been dried out under a hot lamp for too long (broccoli thermo-nuclear). Basically everything looks great, but the actual quality (on a very limited small menu) is very poor. Will not be returning 
Visited the restaurant for a meal after reading the reviews . When ordering the food we told the waiter to make it mild as my wife suffers if she has chillies. The mixed vegetable platter came and was so spicy and the waiter said can I bring yogurt. That was not the point as the food was not mild at all. The mains arrived the jack fruit curry and panner spinach, the two dishes were also not mild. I think the kitchen never got the message to make the food mild. The service was excellent at the beginning of the the meal. However towards the end it was not great. We had to ask two waiters for the bill. It came after 10 minutes and no one came to take the payment. Eventually after 15 minutes we decided to put our coats on as sat for a few more minutes before a waiter came to take our payment and apologies for the delay. My wife suffered all night with an upset stomach. If you ok with eating food with chillies then this place will be fine, unfortunately not for us.  
I have been going to B & K for more years than I remember, but yesterday may be the last time. It's an old faithful that appears to have lost the plot. Salt beef on rye; a standard if ever there was one. The salt beef was dry and tasted 'old', not that succulent fresh taste that everybody knows and loves. The 'new green' was distinctly old and barely green and tasted so bad it was binned after one mouth full. How can you mess up chips? Well you can if they have sat around for too long, got soggy and then refried twice in old oil to produce a cardboard 'object' that tasted awful. 
We had dinner here for the first time on a Saturday night. We were greeted warmly by the manager who showed us to our table. The drinks took a while to come and so did the starters, vegetable samosas and lamb cutlets, but both were delicious and very tasty. Our mains were chicken xacutti and lamb massaman curry - they both looked and tasted the same, very bland. The Aloo Gobi was really lovely and had a pleasant kick to it, but that was all. The staff seemed new and/or inexperienced - we got the dessert menu after the lady was told to clear our plates after the starters. When I said we were waiting to have our mains she replied 'then why was I asked to clear your plates?'. She was very slow at everything she was doing - she even sat down when setting the tables!! The Manageress seemed to do everything from cocktails, washing glasses, organise the take aways, serve food and answering the phone. The place was very clean from what we could see, but the lighting needs to be fixed and not be so dim. Two people fell down a step twice the night we were there. First an elderly lady and then a small boy. Although the starters were lovely, I'm sorry to say that we have had better Indian food elsewhere... 
Incredible environment, and lovely staff. However, the brunch menu offers very small, plain dishes. A trip to the supermarket afterwards for a 
Visited a few months after opening and as I only live down the road was looking forward to it. Was seated easily but in the gangway right next to the bar and a very cold ac. Drinks were average and so was the starter but was then served the pizza .. Was soggy and wet and tasted awful I think personally I could of done a much better job but maybe this was due to the restaurant being new so things may have changed now. The price was also way too high for the actual content. 
Nice tasting pizza and speedy service, however it certainly doesn't justify the high price tag. In all we paid 20.00 for two small pizza's! I felt slightly ripped off.  
We recently visited this restaurant for a family dinner to celebrate 80th big birthday celebration. This was our first visit, we checked reviews and the prices before our visit. The food was amazing however the positive ends there.  
Took my Mum as a treat when she was visiting from the north, very welcoming atmosphere and friendly staff. Sadly the portions are tiny for the price, the prawn dish was literally one prawn. At the cost we could have gone to The French Table and got much better value for money and better food. Still nice to try but won't be visiting again. 
Ordered a collection for the first time last night at 7pm. The restaurant rang and gave us an accurate collection time. The Chettinadu Chicken was very good, however it should be at £10.50. However, the Lasuni chicken was very dry and tough. We also ordered a Korai sauce to try, and it tasted like a very poor quality basic supermarket sauce. The Chicken Saagwala was also average. Maybe it is just a different style to what we are used to with so many Thai dishes on the menu as well. How this is above Dastaan in the ratings is baffling me. It is not even close to the quality. Service saved this from getting a 1 star rating. 
We went here on reading that it was no.1 in New Malden, however we were a little disappointed, the tikka chicken starter we're large chucks of meat without much flavour, the mains were made of tough pieces of meat and so so flavours, it's a shame as its close to where we live. 
We were a Groupon booking and there were a number of issues with our meal. What we thought were free appetisers were brought out (without having being asked for) but it turned out that these were charged and expensive. The portions themselves were very small with a small bowl of rice to share between 2 people and the main meal itself was mostly sauce with hardly any meat. The dessert was a single scoop of ice cream with a wafer on top. It seemed to take a while between courses also. 
My wife and I were looking forward to Sunday brunch and trying this restaurant as it looked very welcoming and interesting from the outside. 
The staff weren't very enthusiastic or smiley. Maybe they were tired. 
VERY excited at prospect of new Surbiton eatery. Decor was fab. Service great if a little over attentive. Food? Disappointing!! If you've eaten in Barrafina in town this is a very poor copy. Food was average. Prices would have been acceptable had food been of good quality - it was not! I won't be returning unless there is a change of chef. Small menus are a thing of wonder when the food is outstanding. I hope there is an improvement  
My daughter ordered a takeaway from this place 3 weeks ago. I thought the prices were quite high but since the quality of the lamb curry was very good, I decided to give them another try. Once again the food was good (apart from very weird pilau rice) but prices had gone up another 20%. The manager explained to me that they had adopted the policy of using the sit down menu as the price list and then give a 15% discount . This policy needs to be revised. £30 for a takeaway for 2 is silly. 
Maybe it was the fact that we received a periphrastic lecture on every dish, but I'm afraid I just don't get it. By the time the miniature-ponytailed hipster dude had enthused about just how much depth of flavour I was going to experience in each heady concoction, I was borderline hysterical and disappointment was inevitable.  
Surbiton needs more quality places to eat and drink so we were excited to try this place on a Friday lunch time having read previous reviews on this. We were so hoping for the best but left disappointed. The staff were very pleasant but I had to ask for bread 3 times (which never came). Sadly the food was very poor and the restaurant lacks some of the basic finer details it so badly needs. The menu is limited which is a good thing BUT if you're going to go down that route, you do need to make sure that those few dishes are done well. First off, we were brought just 3 thin slices of baguette which were stale all for the privilege of £2.50. The meagre portions became a theme.... a yes, their style is small plates of food (not tapas as they were so eager to point out) but at £7 plus a pop, it makes for a pretty expensive meal if you don't want to leave hungry (which we did and went on to buy a sandwich at the French Tarte afterwards). They recommend 2 to 3 plates per person (far too conservative) - add a couple of drinks to that and you're bill is already looking hefty. Moving on from the bread, we ordered the 'charcuterie' which, almost laughably, consisted of 2 (tiny) slices of chorizo and 2 pieces of pancetta which took all of 30 seconds to eat. Next up was courgette fritter thing with artichoke. The fritter was very nice but the artichoke was inedible - we were barely able to cut it let alone chew it (to be fair to them, they took that plate off the bill). I could go on....the pork was woefully undercooked, the monkfish woefully overcooked.....it's such a shame and maybe they're going through a few teething problems maybe they just know they have a captive audience in Maple Road but on first first impressions, I sadly won't be going back, particularly when you have Da Lucios next door and The French Table and Tarte the other side. 
Food was absolutely delicious, however the portion sizes are very, very small and are over priced for the portion size. Example... Margret of duck, you would expect a whole duck breast sliced. No you get 2 slices! 
I was looking forward to a lush tasty salt beef sandwich. I got a fatty, tasteless sandwich which was under seasoned, with hardly any mustard or gherkins and overall sub par. I cannot understand why anyone would come here for this. The only good point is if you like quantity over quality is that the salt beef portion is quite generous! Unfortunately with the globules of fat and lack of taste, I couldn't finish it. I also couldn't work out why the chap in front of me was charged £1.00 less for the same sandwich. This is not a place I'd go back to again. 
Service was very grumpy, atmosphere pretty quiet. The prices are also high for a quite standard fish and chip shop, especially with it not having views of the river its just next to. Disappointed considering the high tripadvisor rating 
Pizza's are decent - but on many occasions we've been you're made to feel honoured to just get a table a those that are abundant, and the general customer service is just regrettably so amatuerish and abrasive. Chatterton is crying out for this simple offering, just little bit of polish, and customer facing skill would go a mile. Venture into the west end to the odd independent eatieria and learn the trade....... 
Food is good, can't say it's low quality. Surroundings are nice and plush, but not as good as the original local that I would never swap for.  
Following the outstandingly good evaluations on TripAdvisor, we went to Pier 1 on a warm July Thursday. What a disappointment!  
We've pop up to this place accidentally after long and nice trip to Richmond Park. Our Son loves fish&chips so we thought it will be good choice. It was not ... We've order fish and chips from kids menu but it was only one piece of fish with a lot of bread crumbles and second piece it was only bread crumbles - no fish has been found Even as a deal £6 for main meal, drink and ice cream it was really poor. You are going to eat in a restaurant main meal. My chicken breast was not so bad but salad was with a lot of some nasty sauce so I could not eat it at all. My partner's Merlot pie was not home made at all. Everything warm up in a microwave !!! Not good guys !!! We've made a complain and we've been offer a free drink but we did not accept it as we came to that place for food not for drinks.  
I read about this restaurant in a local newspapers and after reading wonderful reviews on Tripadvisor decided to go.  
I always dislike having to post a negative review because I know that restaurateurs typically work very hard, even if they aren't achieving results. But I have to say I felt annoyed after visiting here at lunch in September.  
After reading all the reviews about this place I was interested in seeing how good this place really is. I was not too impressed as it was your average greasy fish and chip but at high price, not sure why anybody would pay so much. I won`t be going back in a hurry! 
Went here on a recommendation as informed good food! Starters that asked for incorrect and quite bland. The main course of plaice and salad was acceptable but very small considering the price that was charged. We ordered 2 steaks of which were both overcooked . I was also surprised that the waitress did not understand English and had to constantly ask her colleagues what we meant.  
What can I say? I genuinely struggle to work out how Meimo is TripAdvisor's 4th highest rated restaurant in Windsor. I may be missing something or my tastes are completely out of kilter with their usual client base. My wife booked for my birthday and I was genuinely looking forward to trying something new and the reviews were impressive. We had three plates for starters and they came quickly and the hummus was lovely. I ordered the meatball tagine which has a "rich tomato sauce" and poached egg. The food was HOT but bland. The meatballs were the size of grapes and tasteless and numbered about 7, the egg was solid, overcooked and rubbery. The cous cous was fluffy but was equivalent to about 1 tablespoon. My wife's lamb shank tagine was, by all accounts lovely. I was genuinely appalled at the portion size when taken in context with the price, there was no flavour at all in the sauce other than tinned tomatoes. I found myself hungry after the main so ordered dessert. What a mistake. It was two small sheets of burnt filo pastry, brown sugar mixed with ground almonds sprinkled on top and cheap vanilla ice cream. I can safely say it was the worst dessert I had ever paid to eat. The place was busy, so like I say at the start of my review, I must be missing something significant.  
This place is very overpriced for the slightly grumpy service and hit and miss food, the soup had a very bitter aftertaste which we told the waitress about but they didnt take it off the bill. Souffle was divine, sadly only thing worth the Michelin star 
We walked in expecting a warm welcome and instead were greeted with, ‘You need to be out by 8.45pm.’ Well that made us both feel like two lead balloons instead of light and fancy free. 
We were a party of five. Enjoyed the cuisine although the prices appeared a little bit out of this world given the area. But what was truly awful was the service. The waiter regularly forgot to pour water into my mother-in-law's glass. Then he walked away with a bottle still 1/4 full and came back with a new one, all of which we were billed for. They brought out food for some of us and only 4 minutes later for the rest of the party, all with an air of theatricality that bordered on ridiculousness. Will choose another restaurant next time in Devonshire Road. 
For our Anniversary we booked La Trompette for an early tasting menu at 6.30  
Hi there, 
After years of coming here casually and for special occasions, My husband and I came for my birthday yesterday, and what a disappointment. For a start, they got our booking wrong and were struggling to find us a table. 
To be honest this experience let me kinda down. I had some pretty high expectations, but apparently I expected too much. I went there with a friend in May 2018 since they recommended this place to us, but at the end of the day we were both disappointed and regretted our decision to go there. I hope the service was just having "a bad day" and isn't always like this, because they weren't welcoming at all! They ignored us the entire time. Also the local is really small, so the distance you had with another table was around the 20 cm. So you can say that there was no privacy at all. (It was also really noisy) The pizzas were both burnt and the mozzarella/ the cheese had a gummy consistence. We didn't order anything else, because we just wanted to get as fast as possible out of there. Don't think I'll ever go there again:/. 
Great food but the management, especially the GM has been woefully rude while dealing with our request. Planned to do a big event there and spend a considerable amount of money. However, it turned out to be the worst experience, a total nightmare in dealing with this restaurant. The management made us feel as if they are doing us a big favor and in no occasion they made us feel welcome. If you are planning to hold a special event at this place I highly encourage you not to do so. Potential customers should be made feel welcome in a hospitality environment - utterly disappointed. I for one and all my friends in Chiswick would never step back in this restaurant. I can choose to spend my money wherever I please and not otherwise. I just hope they will learn the lesson as the food is good. 
We visited this restaurant as it is close by to our home and as it's rated the 20th best restaurant in the entire range of London we imagined we were in for a real treat. However this was not the case. Both our pizza base's were wet and soggy in the middle and very thick stodgy and bready on the outside. The salami on mine was very, very fatty. I wanted a hot spicy pizza and made the mistake of mentioning the word jalapeño instead of chilli. I was told in a very condescending way 'we are an Italian restaurant using Italian ingredients, jalapeño's are Mexican'. I had to bite my tongue to not answer back. To say something positive my husband said his ingediants on his pizza were tasty and plentiful.  
We were really looking forward to trying this restaurant but we were disappointed. Yes it’s run by Italians but it felt that the passionate Italian spirit had faded. This was not the fine dining experience we were expecting. Most of the diners were casually dressed, the tables were laid out more similarly to a cafe than a restaurant. Even the food menus were scruffy reused paper printouts (not what we expected especially during the COVID pandemic). There are many other restaurants that provide a much better experience so I can not recommend.  
Nice food and good ambience!Even with a booked table,I did not like the rush to serve our table to have it available again for other customers! 
Surprised to see so many positive reviews here. Visited Saturday, 13th July 2019 for lunch based on my companion’s 20-year-old memory of good food there. 
Sorry to say, but after giving you guys plenty of credit, and willing to buy pizza after pizza from your establishment, I regreatfully have to say that the pizza has become the usual S.....t we are all sadly use to in London. I hate to say this as I would have every interest in eating and enjoying a great pizza once in a while, but as an Italian I am embarassed to say that I almost enjoy more eating from Dominos Pizza, which is definitely NOT good.  
So disappointed. We attended for a birthday lunch 8 in total. The staff who are usually very attentive were hopeless ! We were handed the menus and left alone for approximately 20 mins - no drinks order was taken in this time ! One of our party went to the bar and ordered and also requested our meal order to be taken ! Eventually we were seen to ! Not sure whats happened to this place after leaving a glowing review before ! Maybe its because they were trying to impress as the last owners were amazing but its not great now. The order was wrong and after 2 hours were made to feel guilty that we were still there by a member of staff pointing us out to waiting people ! How rude ! When it was booked we were not informed there was a time limit there never has been before ! We wont be returning - who wants to be made to feel so unwelcome not us.....! 
Arranged to visit here for a night out and booked on Wednesday for 7pm. At around 9pm we were asked if we would like dessert. We ordered dessert, and about half way through, one of the members of staff approached us and told us that we would have to leave, as they had booked someone in at 9pm, and that most people spent an hour here, whereas they had given us "an extra hour." Another staff member then placed the bill down at us, and we finished our meal very uncomfortably being stared at, as it became clear that the staff wanted us out. I understand that Saturday nights are busy, but we booked on the understanding that we wouldn't have a time limit placed upon us. Such a shame, as the food and wine were good, but the way we were treated made a very unpleasant end to what should have been a lovely evening. Will not be returning and will certainly not recommend!  
I wanted to give this place a good rating but the food was just awful so I couldn't. The starters are 2nd rate, low quality ingredients on the cheap side. I've been to Italy many times so know my Italian cuisine the food here is the most inauthentic.  
I thought I had found the best pizza in the UK, and so it was for some time. Unfortunately like all good things, all things are run to the sound of money, and what was probably a labour of love, after it's tremendous success, has now become less quality oriented venture. 
Been here this afternoon, the food quality is not Good and is very expensive. The waiters are not welcoming and were quite rude. The bread and garlic bread was stale when the pasta was undercooked. Out of the meals we ordered only one person finished their whole meal. I left themes stairway hungry not because of small portions but the fact it was tasteless. 
Knew this restaurant would be lively but did not expect to have to point to my choice of manual or lip read all night to communicate. Would have been nice to have a conversation whilst eating then have a dance after eating. Don't go here if you want to catch up with friends or talk to one another over dinner! 
Not overly impressed on this visit. I have been before. Food lovely especially the starters from the set menu and the staff were attentive which was great BUT the toilet doors couldn’t shut so you had to sit and hold the handle at the same time, it was really really loud so hard to talk to anyone other than the person next to you. We had the table on the right where the inner door opens and every time it opened it was freezing cold and it opened a lot for people going out to smoke. So pros and cons with the cons outweighing the pros on this occasion. 
Locals love it because Gianni tells them the food is fresh and he is so genuine, well chatty, a ''character''. However our 'special' served on a Friday night, Lobster pasta, (but more likely langoustine, otherwise illegally small, frankly so old it was hard to tell), was microwave warmed. The portion was small for the price £18! and as much prawn as 'Lobbie', on Gianni's own admission. The lasagna was OK, 'solid' due to heavy pasta layers and also warmed up but passable if it had been cheaper. So, if you are typical Norbiton clotted cream, go for the gab, the place and it's utterly fake 'authenticity'. Your reviews imply it is a treat for you. For sensible people, stick to Pizza? or stay away, I know which is on my 'to do' list. 
The standards of this place has severely dropped from before. Used to be a regular at this place going at once a month until the change of faces in the restaurant. Seems that Mr Scrooge moved in, sizes shrunk, food was cheaper. They replaced Parma ham with just "ham" in one of their pizzas. You could count Kalamari rings with 2 hands (which is overpriced). The place is falling apart. Used to be full of people and now few walk in. Sad to see a place once top of the Italian list go so bad. Moving on. 
From start to finish it was a disaster, we waited over 40 mins for our starters and as they were being brought out 2 of our party were told what they ordered wasn't available, so everyone tucked in while they had to wait for something else to be cooked! We then waited well over an hour for our mains to be brought out in which time the waiting staff paid us no attention at all, they seemed happy to stay behind the bar checking their phones and chatting. The best bit of the night was the belly dancer who was very good but then came the DJ! It's impossible to chat because it's a small restaurant and the disco is so loud. Not one of our party enjoyed themselves and everyone commented on the utterly shambolic service. 
We been to day for lunch in this restaurant.We eat lamb shanks but unfortunately there were not fresh and very chew.  
We booked for 4 friends we meet up regular  
Turned up at Lefke after booking a table for 2 on a Saturday night. Was greeted at the door and after I said we'd booked was met with "oh! We'll pop you near the window because you're pregnant aren't you?". No. 100% not pregnant. I was absolutely mortified. Clearly usual clientele don't seem to wear baggy clothes, so those that do open themselves up to humiliation. 
Have been a regular here over the last 3 years and always loved it. Never had a disappointing meal until now. They have recently revamped the restaurant and menu. Although we have been twice since and it was ok last night was poor. I was there with a friend who had never been there before and although the service was friendly and atmosphere nice it was the food that wasn't up to standard. We both ordered the chicken with avocado and mozzarella tomatoes. It was so ordinary and not cheap 16.95 each. It was a chicken escalope with a tin of tomatoes, half an avocado with mozzarella in the dip of the avocado. Not good. Maybe our mistake was veering of the Pasta,pizza but very disappointing evening. 
Don't bother , I had a three course meal for two,people costing £24.00 meal was meant to be worth £50 on a groupon deal ' we were told we could only have bread to start and pasta or pizza as a main and if we wanted anything else we would have to pay the whole meal extra because the till wouldn't let them add extra in if we wanted a steak instead we would have to pay full price and not use the voucher ?? What a load of rubbish, most places give young set price and you pay extra if you wanted to upgrade !then we were told the started was for two, it was a base of a thin pizza with a dusting of herbs and a bit of garlic oil painted on, pasta was a strange looking pasta with a few bits exactly four bits of duck and a few slithers of mushroom, did we want ice cream when it's below 2 degrees outside, we passed. The prosecco was ok, these vouchers are meant to get bums on seats, we won't be going back. Service was very slow too, they had 5 couples eating on a Thursday early evening..so not good at all. 
Visited here for a birthday recently, food was ok but not great!! Very overpriced!!!! Not great value for money. Not sure I would go back unless prices were dropped and the wine was improved as it wasn't very present but very pricey. 
Oh dear, this is a typical example of do not fully trust tripadvisor reviews.  
We were expecting more after reading all the positive reviews. 
Thoroughly disappointed with No. 97. I came with high expectations, in light of how busy the restaurant normally appears.  
Nice for those who appreciate very traditional and old style decoration. In fact the average age was above 50. Quality/price ratio is inversely proportionate. Unfortunately not the most appealing setting being right on the road and given the current hot summer, a bit warm on the terrace with the plastic shades keeping the air from entering. Service was very slow and the quality of the food was not at all to my expectation given the rankings of the restaurant. Pasta over-cooked and ingredients of poor quality: tomato sauce not fresh and coming most probably out of a can! I cannot recommend this place and in addition when we gave our views to the personal, we were told that "this is not Italy"....Hence my reply to "Trattoria Calabrese" is to say, thank you but since you know that, you could try a bit harder! 
Another overrated restaurant on Tripadvisor. No way this is no 1 place in Kingston. The food is mediocre as is the service. We were a party of 4 and no one could experience anything special, although we ordered different dishes. My mixed seafood grill came at whopping 26 pounds and was not particularly tasty. So set your expectations right. 
I was very disappointed with my takeaway from Little Mumbai. Having ordered at 6pm on a Friday I was told the delivery driver hadn't started yet and delivery would take an hour which I was fine with, but the food took almost 1hr 20mins to be delivered and when it arrived it was cold. All meals had to be re-heated in the microwave/oven. 
We went to this restaurant when it first opened and waited for 2 and a half hours for our main course. Undaunted we ordered a take away some weeks later and were charged £24 for 2 pizzas with extra anchovies. Still undaunted and having read the reviews we thought we'd try it again. This time one of the party had dental problems and asked for a soup for which we were charged £8.95 for a soup - and no bread ! this is basically a café charging restaurant prices. 
It may have been my choice but the pasta dish was very bland had a couple of nuts only on top 
What a disappointment ! 
Really surprised that the restaurant gets such good reviews; tonight they had a bad night. Table service was very poor, it took 1hr 20 minutes to get our main and the meals were flavourless. The '3 chilly' meals were disappointingly plain and had very little kick. Recommend the mix grill platter, but who gets them wrong? Prices were very reasonable and staff friendly but that doesn't make me want to go back 
First problem in years 
I was so looking forward to coming here after all the rave reviews and the visit was long overdue and was hoping this was going to be my new favourite restaurant.  
This was a birthday meal with two of us . The place was very crowded,too many tables for the size of the restaurant, the next table was inches away and with so many people crammed in ,cafe style , we could not have a conversation without shouting to each other which we don't like to do especially with two strangers inches away.  
Visited on a Saturday night and it was very busy, should be a good sign however couldn't be more wrong. Sat down very close to the tables next to us as they packed them in, the noise was deafening I couldn't hear what was being said across the table. We then waited 20 minutes before we had to attract the waiters attention to ask for a drink. Couldn't take a chance on not seeing him again that night so ordered our food, the starters arrived after another 20 minutes and were ok, unfortunately we then had to wait 1 hour 15 minutes for the main course to arrive, the steaks were over cooked and the vegetables were luke warm. Had to go to the bar to order another drink as again no table service as it was so busy they couldn't cope. Would I go back No would I recommend it No very disappointed. 
I booked La Palma for my husbands 30th birthday celebrations and was extremely excited after reading all the great reviews. However I was deeply disappointed by the end of the meal. At the beginning, service was attentive and the starters were nice. When the main meals arrived, they had forgotten my mums accompanying dish, the rest of the food was extremely salty, so much that my mum (who is never fussy about anything) couldn't even eat her meal.  
Had to book 3 weeks in advance, so had high hopes for this place. 
Service was poor and rushed. Food came very quickly but the fillet steaks were cold. 
Visited this restaurant recently for Dinner with friends and had high hopes. How very disappointing. We waited 40 minutes before being offered any drinks and then one and a half hours before we got our starters, two of which were cold when they arrived. The main courses then took another hour before arriving so we did not eat until 10.45pm. The place was fully booked and very busy so obviously more staff are needed. Saying that, if the food had been good, it would have been fine but unfortunately we all found the food to be very bland with not much flavour. Overall a real let down 
Visited with friends after hearing great reviews from locals but left disappointed with our experience.  
Visited on a Friday evening, food was flavoursome and tasty, but the service was very poor. We waited 45 mins from ordering to our food being served. Wouldn't go back because of the service.  
I really want to give Awesome Thai a good review, because the atmosphere is lovely, and the waiters/waitresses are really very welcoming. Unfortunately the food is just not up there with supreme quality Thai restaurants.  
Was looking forward to going based on good reviews. Mezzat Dar is actually in two sites virtually next door. Mezzat is more restaurant-like and Dar more tapas. I am writing about Dar. We sat in a very narrow part of restaurant which was a bit like a corridor. Service was attentive but haphazard with some staff better trained than others. For example our first bottle was poured out without tasting and the glasses filled till the bottle was empty, our second bottle was not the year we had ordered though this was not even mentioned till we pointed it out. Food was ok but not great and dishes very inconsistent so a tomato feta salad was very small (yes i know its tapas!) whereas other dishes were very big - price or cost of ingredients was no guide to dish size. When we paid we got the wrong bill, when we asked for our bill we paid a good sized tip for service (the staff were at least very pleasant!) but in conversation found out the staff never saw tips from credit cards, and very little of cash tips 50% at best. Unsurprisingly won't be going back 
I really don't understand why people have rated this restaurant highly. There are many places where you can eat terrific Thai food in London but this isn't one of them!  
We actually came here on recommendation from a waiter who works in Mezzet who meant well no doubt, but I say 'shame' since the ruining of my appetite is what has left me disappointed and unfulfilled. I enjoy going out to eat a lot, I work hard and spending my money should leave me satisfied and at least reasonably pleased with where I've spent it, I must say though, that the food here was not the only issue. We were unsure about the menu at first which is fair enough, no one knows what everything on a menu is, so the waitress should have immediately caught on but let us order anyway. We decided to not share our food and ordered one thing from each of the two menus, I asked for the Moutabal and Shanklish toast and my girlfriend had the Halloumi AdobadoI, which were brought out together and it was nice for a starter, I ordered a Scottish marinated lamb filled + baby roasted potatoes (as it's written on the menu) for a main, maybe it's meant to say 'fillet', or was it going to be 'filled' with potatoes? Nevertheless what I got was a nicely cooked piece of lamb with four of the smallest potatoes I've ever had in my life. I wanted something else now to compliment this tasty meat as the potatoes didn't last long even after resorting to cutting them in half, so had to pull up the waitress and ask her for another side order with some potatoes in it, I remembered the menu had the 'patatas bravas' but she responded with 'it's not what you think, it's not potatoes or chips it's the foam(?) with sauce. Sorry we don't have it'. Silence. Ok so that doesn't remedy the situation, I have meat, nothing to eat with it and a waitress who can't seem to grasp what it is I'm after. The menu was gone and I was left sat there confused when she walked away. My girlfriend who ordered Chicken Bossom got her food about ten minutes after me, which defies the entire point of going out to eat with each other. At this point I was half way through chewing on a very lonely piece meat not enjoying what potentially would have been quite pleasant to devour, I pulled up another waitress and politely asked for some bread or anything to make this food go down better which was brought to me promptly. My girlfriend had the same issue, two chicken breasts and nothing more, what a let down. She initially asked for the Devil's Meatballs and was strongly advised to steer clear of that dish as it was too spicy even for her liking (makes one wonder who's actually ordering and eating the food) so ended up not getting it, the couple next to us that ordered them weren't exactly being scalded by the intense heat, furthermore they seemed to be really enjoying them, but we didn't hear the same waitress give these people any warning of how dangerous the food was so I had to wonder why she didn't just let us get what we wanted, then again, if anyone goes to a restaurant with a menu they're unfamiliar with they'll probably be open to any information from the people working there.  
We ordered 8 dishes off the menu and not one was particularly good. Run down below of some of them. Should keep it simpler and use fresher ingredients. 
Went to the Tudor Room for lunch in early October with great expectations as it was based on a recommendation. Sadly the experience was ruined within the first few minutes when we were bluntly told at reception that they have a strict formal dress code - which was mentioned neither in the website, over the phone when making our reservation, or in the reservation confirmation email. We were then left in the lobby of the Great Fosters waiting for the restaurant manager, feeling like naughty schoolchildren awaiting our punishment. 
I sometimes cook BBQ spare ribs, so I know what they should be like, and this was not it. Cold plate, lukewarm, pale meat with a squirt of something on it. BBQ sauce on the side - cold. Tasteless onion rings, fries so thin they were all fry snd no potato, unattractive and tasteless coldslaw. Very unappetising, little taste. Not at all impressed. Won't be going again. Although I didn't try them myself apparently the toilets smelled too.  
Big celebration to mark the birth of the latest addition to the family - just 4 days old and his first night out. Bella Italia; no 2 on Trip Adviser in Uxbridge! Booked a table for 8 at 8pm. Restaurant fairly full, but seemingly rather short-staffed. Had to wait ages to place our order. Our waitress (Dorina) said she was new. She got the orders right enough, and our food was generally ok, but her service was very,very slow, impersonal and uneven. Our food was often left waiting on the hot plate for too long and the restaurant seemed to be too focused on takeaways to give enough attention to its remaining in-house customers. By the time we managed to get hold of some dessert menus, almost two hours after we arrived, the restaurant was almost empty. At this stage, after taking our dessert orders, Dorina decided to sit and total up her accounts, then she put her bag over her shoulder and left. Our ice creams were left to melt on the hot plate, only one or two of them ever arrived at our table; our limoncello was left standing on the bar; and no-one was really bothered about us at all. At this stage the restaurant's fire-alarm went off and could not be stopped. The noise was deafening, we had to evacuate the baby and his parents into the street to protect his hearing. Our family celebration came to a chaotic ending. 
This afternoon we visited Bella Italia using a Woucher voucher. We were given a special menu with limited choices. The booth where we sat seemed a bit grubby with crumbs on the seat and the table was a bit sticky. The bruschetta came on a plate with a large chip on the side. The mushroom starter dish was quite nice. My main course was a pasta dish which was quite unappetising although seemed freshly cooked. Drinks were served in cheap looking glasses and the water jug had seen better days. The only good point was the service which was excellent and friendly waitress. Needless to say we won’t be returning.  
Saturday 5 pm. Only 6 tables occupied. 60 min wait for basic pasta. Orders misplaced but tasty food overall. The soups are completely overpriced, yet quite yummy. Pasta sauce was not great though. That was some budget Bolognese sauce from Lidl and the pasta was well overboiled and soggy. Remember to serve al dente next time! The cheese on top was fantastic. 
We could say we are regulars have eating at the Tudor room 6/7 times and have seen 3 head chefs, food is nice, unfortunately the service just is not good enough. if they really want a Michelin star they need to sort the front of house staff out and improve customer service, our head waiteress acted as if she didn't want to be there. From the moment we arrived at the bar, we ordered two glasses of premium rose champagne and notice the barman pour the leftover champagne from a open bottle and of course intending to top it up from a fresh bottle, I quickly pointed it out that the already poured leftover was flat. Overall we found the service very cold and it seemed the hotel was making cutbacks on staff, sharing the one wine waiter between the 2 restaurants. Taking the dirty plates out of the restaurant to the main kitchen to be cleaned. 
We visited in a family group to treat our grandsons and give one of them a little birthday treat as he loves pasta. To be fair his pasta from the kids' menu and the service from the staff was good but the rest of the meal left much to be desired. My daughter ordered a Mojito which tasted so medicinal that she sent it back. At least it was taken off off the bill. 
The Christmas menu was a bit lame but there was good customer service in offering hot water to be able to make my own bread sauce. The prompt service did not cover up the missed orders and missed items on the plate. The curse of set menus. Worth a second visit but not at Christmas. 
After being loyal customers for some time ( and often being the only diners some evenings) we have enjoyed the style of food. However in the last couple of months the meals have been more bland with strong chill-flavours but little spice. Last night was our last visit as the garlic paratha served was heavy, thick and under-cooked. It was replaced by a Kerala-style paratha which was nice. However when the bill came both parathas were charged for and the guy in charge said the new chef insisted we paid for the poorly produced one as the bill had been done and the paratha was as it should have been. A stand-off followed and in the end we paid in cash minus the garlic paratha cost and our normal £5 tip. Language difficulties probably didn't help but to lose old customers over the price of a paratha seems a bit strange. 
People here are always banging on about Authentic indian food. Who wants it? Most UK 'Indian' restaurants are run by Bengladeshis who make a superb anglo/bengladeshi menu of great curries that we all love. 
Ordered online tonight when the order arrived the driver asked my name I said Sean and he said the takeaway had been ordered by seen and could he speak to him I explained that is how you spell Sean.  
I always make a point of tipping with any service, I was not impressed when I received my £100 bill and there was a 10% surcharge added. I often gauge how much tip I leave based on the service I revive by the waiter and don’t like being told how much I must tip, considering the service was not terrible but still not the best I would have probably left a tip that represented the service and that is £5. Service was rushed likly die to the high turn over if covers and I had to visit the bar myself for drinks (which I was also charged a 10% premium for) anyway I paid the 10% and instead of staying and having drinks after we moved on elsewhere. There 10% surcharge cost them the additional sales in drinks and it has left a bit of a moral bitter taste in my mouth which won’t sway my mind to rush back anytime soon and although it was only 10% the issue was the fact they dictate what the customer should pay as a tip where in fact this should be optional. Food ok but felt slightly rushed, I have been here on a few occasions before because the food is good and tastes fresh. I will not be returning anytime soon. 
I had heard about this casual dining restaurant so I popped in today around 3 pm. Just two girls eating in when I got there, so was not busy at all. Ordered sekuwa, chholia both in chicken and typical Nepalese vegetables dish aloo bodi Tama. Sekuwa is Nepalese equivalent to chicken tikka and if cooked fresh , can only be served after 15 minutes and chhoila is a cold dish which is already prepared, can be served within 5 minutes. But it was a shocking surprise for me that, my chicken sekuwa arrived in less than 3 minutes but chicken chhoila after 20 minutes. Then ofcourse aloo bodi tama after half an hour which is ok. Aloo bodi tama was prepared in thick readymade tomato onion gravy which killed the " authentic taste of nepalese aloo bodi tama". 
My partner and I went here last night for a meal and drinks. The pub looks good and the pre dinner drinks we had were fine. Considering it is Easter Bank Holiday weekend, it should have been busy and buzzing. It wasn't. That was our first clue. 
Went there Saturday 21st July for lunch. Food good and the ideas were something different. We would go back but felt the staff member in glasses and a different shirt was miserable, had no courtesy, not attentive and should not be working in that environment really if he can't make people feel welcome. Probably won't visit again and try somewhere else locally. 
Having researched pubs near Barnet and read the reviews, I thought this would be a great place to book lunch as we were driving up to visit friends and we wanted to treat them to lunch. I honestly don't think I could have been more disappointed. The staff are so disinterested in their customers your really wonder why they are working in a pub or in the service industry. Our lunch was on a Tuesday, although there were a few cars in the car park, the restaurant/bar wasn't busy. There were at least 3 members of staff working in the bar and restaurant. They did have our reservation and we sat down at a reasonably pleasant table but there was no effort to make us feel welcome. We were given menus and water and ignored until the barman eventually came over to ask us for our drinks order. He returned with drinks but in a blink of an eye disappeared before we had a chance to order the food. We waited and waited but despite our drinks going down no-one came over to take our order until my husband had to go over to the bar to ask if we could order our food, despite being literally under his nose and having previously served us he asked which table we were sat at and said he would be over. Once ordered we then had to wait for a considerable time for it to arrive. The food was so disappointing, three of us ordered shoulder of lamb but what arrived was a round squashed circle of meat with a small circle of sauted potatoes and a cold weird relish which really didn't go. The meat had been shredded and molded into the circular shape and was greasy and nothing like the promised shoulder of lamb I had envisaged; there were no accompanying vegetables. The fish which was ordered by one of my friends came with a few capers and after a delay a portion of chips but no vegetables. Once finished again we had to wait eventually grabbing the attention of a member of staff who then bought over the dessert menu. We chose four puddings which were ok, the best thing being the ice-cream but annoyingly the drinks that we ordered to eat with them again were bought to us as we had finished the puddings. We were then ready to leave but no-one came to clear the plates and trying to catch the eye of a member of staff was not easy as they seemed to deliberately ignore us. You may expect a delay if the place was heaving but it was really quiet. My husband had to go and ask for the bill and then we were given it we actually went up to the bar to pay because we were running out of time and had to leave. I am not sure if I have ever been anywhere where the staff were so indifferent. What is wrong with engaging with the customers? We wouldn't return if we were local but fortunately we aren't. I would also comment that the overhead music was loud and obtrusive and certainly not pleasant back ground music. We had arranged to meet for a nice chat but really the music dominated the conversation. The interior of this pub is pleasant but that is about it, it is disappointing and shabby from the exterior and car park and is situated on a main road. The chef is trying to be clever but not succeeding but worse than that is the attitude of the staff. 
Just ordered a takeaway,, ( only option due to current conditions ) massive Disappointment, although the food is actually very tasty we got portions that are disgracefully small we order two chicken tikka masala as I think they just divided the one portion between two containers we also ordered garlic prawns which is about a quarter of a portion so very dissatisfied with the portion sizes.  
Overrated and expensive . Nothing unusual and eating for 3 hours too long for evenings. They serve you what you do not want. It is better with a la carte. 
We went to Al Boccon a few years ago with my family which was not booked by me. There where twelve of us and where very impressed with everything, service,food, atmosphere and value. 
Having been recommended to try this pub we were disappointed with our visit. The service was good but the atmosphere was cold and so was the pub. The food was ok but not great. Won't be returning. 
After arriving and ordering , we waited an hour for our food , we did get complimentary salsa or crisps but still a long time to wait for only 6 people , food finally arrived but unfortunately not to the normal wonderful standard . We brought friends here for the first time as we believed from previous visits they do the best burgers ever , but on this occasion the burgers and chicken was very dry and not of the normal high standard , no onion rings on all 3 OMG burgers so had to ask for them . Felt we were rushed out at the end of our meal , granted we were the last in the restaurant and time was getting on but waiting an hour for our food wasn’t our fault !  
Food was very good and service was good. The Patron, we felt, was very condescending and down right rude on two occasions. We would like to have had the opportunity of looking at a wine list. Having some idea of what we were going to eat would also have been nice. Over all, although the various dishes were good we felt the meal was over priced. 
A very disappointing evening and nothing what we expected - we were aware of the set menu but did not realise that it was expected that all guests have to sit at around the same time and there is no wine list and one feels one is being bullied by the management to eat everything on the plate and if you arrive later the staff literally throw each course at you so you can catch up with other guests 
Some of the dishes were superb - fish and crustaceans - but other dishes were mediocre, especially the centrepiece spit roasted pork. 
We went to Al Boccon Di'vino at the end of 2015 and had a wonderful time - great food and excellent service. Not cheap by any stretch of the imagination - the cheapest wine starts at £25 with the next bottle being £50 and then £75 - but it's the sort of place where the price tag represents the 'experience' as much as the cost of the products. 
Staff excellent , service very good , decor was warm and friendly, food was a little below average , for this sort of place 
Food and service really poor. 
Living locally I have often read about this place and found it difficult to get a booking. Having now been , am not quite sure what all the fuss is about. 
Very disappointing visit. Rare meat (bison, venison, if I recall correctly) hamburgers appear to use frozen meat, which has a rather unpleasant odour. My partner and I couldn't believe how such a restaurant can rate so high on TripAdvisor. We left hungry and nauseated. What a pity... 
we had booked table but when we got there wasnt ready they had taken on far too many other folks and thought we would sit and wait said maybe half hour..... 
I did not expect to be penning what will become a less than glowing review, and especially after my first visit to this restaurant was ranked amongst my best experiences, however the two experiences could not be further apart.  
This is a tough one because the actual dining experience is certainly one worth trying. Hospitality is also great. I just felt the food (and there was lots of it) was just so so. None of the many dishes served really stood out as amazing but for a dining experience then yes, go.  
I went for a Christmas dinner with a group of people. Those that ordered the turkey had enormous portions, but those (like me) who ordered fish got such a tiny half piece of fish, that I came home absolutely starving. 
We had been following the reviews written about Al Boccon Di’vino for sometime on Trip advisor and always thought we’d love to visit one day for a meal so we saved going for a special occasion. We were really excited as we had read so many fantastic reviews about this restaurant so I guess our expectations were very high. I’m not sure if we caught them on a “off day” but we were very disappointed as we felt we did not receive much food or variety like we had read about people being given we even had to request more food to be brought to us. We are both slim people I’m a tiny size 8 yet we left feeling so hungry that we had to call past Mc Donald’s right after. The portion sizes were small, the amount of food we were given was very little, the dessert was the most disappointing part as initially it wasn’t even offered to us, we had to request it and all it was, was some strawberries in a bowl I was expecting something a lot more creative and interesting for dessert. We left feeling confused and disappointed as so many people had said how they left so full from so much food being forced upon them yet we had the opposite experience we were very disappointed and felt for the experience we received it was very over priced. We still continue to see great reviews about this resturant on Tripadvisor and feel confussed as to why our experience wasn't the same. We will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to any of our friends. 
Very mediocre , as you can see my fish and chips came out looking like a child had plated it!!! With a dozen chips or less  
The restaurant has now changed hands and not for the best. We booked for a large family party and was very unsatisfied with the service. The seating arrangments were very cramped. The waitress got the order wrong twice and we waited over an hour for our food. When asked if we could see the dessert menu we were presented with the bill with a 10% service charge added. When I told the waitress that I had asked for the menu as we would like desserts and coffees she said that she needed the tables for another booking. I advised her that I was not happy and not prepared to pay the service charge. She virtually threw the credit card machine down onto the table and stormed off. To say that her attitude was rather undignified was an understatment. The other waitress then came over and asked why I had refused to pay the service charge. I explained that I was still waiting for the dessert menu and was surprised to be presented with the bill. She said that she needed the table for another booking and that she had served us the best she could. I paid the bill without the service charge. The sad thing is that I would have been more than happy to pay the service charge if I had been given good service. The fact that I had to wait over an hour for my food, not been allowed to order a dessert or coffees and then the fact that the waitress was more concerned that I was not paying the service charge and less interested as to why. Also beware, that although a 10% service charge was added to the bill, the card machine was also asking for gratuity. So basically if you do not check your bill there is a possiblity that you could be paying the tip twice!!!. My advice to all, would be to save your hard earned cash and visit a restraunt that values its customers. PS: the booking was made two weeks in advance! 
Visited Madison's recently as I saw all the good reviews. What a disappointment! A friendly greeting on arrival but not offered drinks while we looked at the menu so we had to ask. Then worst of all another couple arrived after us but their order was taken first and they had 3 staff (including the manager?) to look after them. This is obviously a restaurant for regulars.  
Used to be a good old Fashion American Diner, Believe it has changed hands several times and now back with original owners. We thought we would try it out and were dissapointed. The place was almost empty on a Saturday night. Portions are big but the food is not spectacular, Nachos tasted like they had been cooked twice, cardboardy would be the word. Had a Wild Boar burger which was ok. We were a party of 6 and after eating not one of us were impressed and when the question was asked if we would come back the answer was a unanimous no. The "splendid" and "Fantastic" that have been put up by other reviews are somewat suspicious to me that they have only ever done 2 reviews and they tempted me towards trying it, Shame on you if your the owners. 
We have eaten here before and food was ok. Sunday lunch though was very disappointing. We expected more and better quality for £17.95. My meal was not great but my wife's was really poor. It took the waiter a second to realise it had to go back which begs the question how could the kitchen have sent it out. Vegetables were non existent and you claim on the menu that you have the 'best potatoes in Barnet' sorry not even close. It would have been 1 star but apologetic waiter was good enough to take one meal off the bill. I guess it's back to the Gate for us. 
As the title states, the roast dinner was disappointing. For £17.95 the roast beef really was substandard. My beef was ridiculously fatty and my partner's was cold. The Yorkshire puddings were covered in grease and the gravy was so thin it was see through! In all fairness, I did enjoy the mixed vegetables and roast potatoes (although they are definitely not the best in Barnet; The Gate has better). The service was hit and miss, it certainly didn't warrant the service charge added. We would have mentioned our disappointment to the management but it was difficult enough just to grab someone's attention for the bill. £43.12 for two poor quality roasts and a large bottle of water. 
Very simple menu with a lack of options. For a Chinese restaurant to only have about 30 dishes instead of the usual 90 this seemed interesting and potentially a good sign as usually a simple menu could mean the restaurant wants to cook a few dishes really well, rather than many dishes mediocre. Unfortunately not the case at Young’s.  
Many years ago this establishment was a good Chinese restaurant.  
Visited the restaurant at the end of our day in Windsor. 
We went here based on the supposed 5* reviews on Tripadvisor and were one of only two tables occupied in the restaurant on a Friday evening(4 people total while we were there...).The chairs were like infant chairs in a classroom but the service was friendly and sometimes a little overpowering. 
We read all the good reviews and decided to go to Marmara on the strength of those. The staff were indeed attentive and friendly. However the food really was not up tour expectations. The lamb ribs were very fatty, the moussaka saturated in tomato and the fish dish was not hot when served. A couple of our first choices were not available and, all in all, we did not enjoy our meal. 
Small portions which didn't even fill half of the box. I expected better as i was charged a lot for the take away. 
Sought this restaurant out based upon TripAdvisor reviews. Our reception was scarcely welcoming given the fact there were only three other diners. The gentleman whom I presume to be the owner was brusque and unwelcoming. Inexcusably so. Very friendly waitress a complete contrast and this review no reflection on her. Food was good but nothing spectacular and bill felt a bit high for what we had. Didn't itemise it so hard to validate. Owner needs to learn to show more appreciation of his customers. Until he does so you're best to walk on by.  
The outside needs updating because you would not go in unless you had read the reviews. Inside is not what you would expect. They have tried to make it modern but unfortunately it is quite cold and you don't feel comfortable there. I say I really wanted to like it because the lady who looked after us was so nice and you could tell it was a family restaurant with all ages of staff. It was a busy pre-Wembley dinner so limited menu. Unfortunately we also had to wait a long time for food which made us nervous about making our concert on time. Food also was not great. It was greasy, the fried noodles had no flavour and the meat and chicken were of poor quality. I would say this is worse than our local takeaway. So sorry to write such a bad review as I did like the fact it was family run and a bit different from your usual restaurant. 
We were in Wembley and looking for a great place to have dinner. As Young's was the top rated restaurant we decided to give it a go.  
We read the reviews and having reserved a table looked forward to experiencing what others experienced but left disappointed. I order a starter and my wife didn’t want one, I received my starter within 10 minutes and then we waited an hour for our main course. There were plenty of staff there and the were really friendly but the waiting time was excessive. I have never left a restaurant without tipping but this was the exception. The staff were lovely and had to deal with a drunk who decided to take up residence at one of their outside tables and they did admirably. The food was ok the mixed grill was lovely my wife’s main was good but not worth an hour rate. It’s along way off the 2nd best restaurant in Windsor. 
Restaurant cold both atmospherically and heat wise. Food not great quite over priced for what it is. 
Went there after reading the good reviews on here  
The lamb is good but the vegetable in our two main courses are quite normal and not fresh. We are so disappointed as this one is the 2th rank in windsor... God! I can't believe it! We can spend the same amount for sth much nicer... 
Sorry for this review Sensi, but i can only judge on what i had. Had Spaghetti Carbonara at lunch and it was bordering on unpleasant. Split grainy sauce with not much flavour, too much black pepper and not properly cooked fatty bacon lardons... Chewy white bacon fat needed the fat crisped for texture and flavour. No Parmesan offered which it needed, but even the fresh Parmesan i supplied couldn't save the dish. Expensive take away at nearly £9. 
Read the reviews and believed the hype but unfortunately really doesn't live up to what is written on here. Was very pricey for a platter with very little food on it, and the food itself was average at best. 
Food Very Good - Service Very Good. The place is absolutely spotlessly clean and tidy. Unfortunately atmosphere is extremely poor. We have wanted to eat at Sensi since it first opened quite a while back but were put off by the 'cold' appearance. And that is from outside the restaurant. We eventually got round to going in recently and found it exactly as expected - devoid of atmosphere. It is in desperate need of things such as appropriate music and maybe pictures on the walls. 
We went to this restaurant early on Saturday evening 6.45 p.m. for a quick meal on our way home, but it turned out to be anything but quick. 
I went here as I was in the mood for a steak and had had a nice meal at their restaurant in Richmond. However, this wasn’t a patch. We were sat upstairs which is the darkest, gloomiest and awful place to be sat. No atmosphere at all and we couldn’t even read the menus as it was so dark. I ordered the 11oz Sirloin which was so full of fat and chewy it was inedible. I should have complained but I did the typical English thing of saying nothing. My girlfriend had the chicken melanase which was actually quite nice. Still it won’t be enough to bother going back again. I very rarely give bad reviews either so it must have been poor.  
3 of us went for a meal and all left disappointed the food was not very nice at all so much better Indian restaurants in the area!  
The steak in the salad was VERY well done instead of medium rare as it was promised. The salad leafs contained sand. The sauce was not impressive. The smell inside the restaurant wasnt pleasant. Empanadas were ok. 
We visited at 1.30 on Mother’s Day for a family lunch. We ordered starters and mains and for the first course shared olives, chorizo with Malbec, shrimp, fried squid and my vegetarian partner had an aubergine escalope. The food was nice, with the chorizo in Malbec my particular favourite. Plates were cleared away and we sat back to wait for our mains. And waited, and waited. Our waitress never looked in our direction to explain the delay, but soon we were being reassured by someone I assume was the manager that our food “wouldn’t be long,” then that it would be “5 minutes,” then that there was a “slight problem in the kitchen” then that he would sort us something out, ”don’t worry”. Best guess, they had forgotten to put the order in and/or to start cooking it.  
Group pf 7 mates, pre booked and choose this restaurant as they were number 1 in Chingford and we are from out of town. 
A very disappointing evening with friends and kids. The main issue really was how long the food took to come. It was pretty much 1 hour after we'd ordered. Tables around us, who had arrived after we'd ordered were getting served, and until we chased (twice) we were pretty much forgotten about. 
I have only just signed up to trip advisor, but I thought I would write my review based on a very large dine earlier on in the year. A group of us (Around 15) I would say, came here. I cannot fault the interior, and the welcome staff, but the wait for our food, oh my goodness.. we kept on ordering drinks because we just didn't have our food! I think we must have waited over an hour for our food! Thank goodness we didn't order starters.. waiting for the main was enough.  
Having a reason to celebrate we decided to pay our first visit here. A mistake, the cash I had saved for an evening out was wasted on a very disappointing experience. 
On the plus side the restaurant is clean, the staff are attentive, and the bread (naan and tandoori roti) were good. 
Been sat in voujon now for an hour and 40 minutes and yep still starving as I'm still waiting for my dinner. Thstaff can't cope, the noise is Ththhstaff are run ragged  
I ordered chicken dansak and I was so disappointed, the sauce was like sugary soup, I couldn’t eat it, my husband ordered king prawn shashlick (sorry about my spelling) his was nice but not great.  
Attended with a family of 9.  
After reading the numerous reviews on trip advisor, I Was really excited to go and try some authentic Sri-Lankan/Malaysian food. 
have had many excellent meals in the restaurant so we were very disappointed in the quality of the delivery I had a ready made supermarket Tika which we heated up as well and it was loads better then the supposedly freshly cooked delivery. 
I was really disappointed with my vegetable rogan josh, it had diced carrots, sweetcorn and green beans in it, all of which were soggy and blatantly from a tin. 
Delightful Service within the Restaurant and Friendly people with a nice family atmosphere. The Food has filling portions but lacked care and attention to give me a unique taste. 
I've been receiving fairly decent takeaways from this place for a while now, Thought I'd turn up in person for an evening. Went for the set course meal and my goodness what a let down. Basically paid over £22 and was given a £4.00 ready meal from Tesco's down the road. Slow service and complete ignorance when it came to trying to reason with this situation. They just wanted the card. Dreadful, appalling and I will never order from them again. Sad really as they are across the road. 
You can never plan a dinner here. We've turned up and it's been closed for no reasons, on two other occasions they were also closed when we tried phoning them. They really need to get their opeing hours sorted  
We were recmmended dishes by their chef..ravi . 
We had seen this restaurant a few times when driving past so we thought we would give it a try for a birthday meal 
We went here when it first opened as a family and thought at last we have found an Indian place where we could come again or do take out from but we found it way over priced. Did a take away as really fancied an Indian (not cooked by me) even though it was pricey for 2 this time as least I thought it would be worth it, but i was wrong as nothing was tasty. The butter chicken should not be called that as it was more like garam masala chicken curry and the karahi chicken had no flavour. Punjabi cuisine is full of flavour, garlic and ginger and this lacked both. Clearly the chief has changed. Back to the drawing board for us. 
Our daughter raved about this restaurant and as they were giving £10 each off the bill we thought we would try it. When we first arrived the air conditioning was blasting out -they turned it down - and one poor girl seemed to be doing everything. More staff did turn up, unusually they were all British which is not always a good sign in an Indian, in this case Punjabi, restaurant. The service was slow and a bit erratic: two people asked if we had ordered and we had to prompt them for our drinks order. They were also slow in bringing us our bill and did not clear our table. One waitress did apologize, saying that were 'short staffed'. Not my problem, at the prices they charge you would expect them to be fully staffed. 
I got a voucher purchased for me for this restaurant and used it today. It was just me and my mum in the restaurant with nil other customers. Within two minutes of us being in there, we heard the owner (we are assuming he was the owner) swearing at staff in the kitchen and the waitress. We heard him say ‘just get the f***ing details on the voucher that they booked with”. He was so rude to the waitress on a couple of occasions and it was awful to hear. We could hear him shouting from in the kitchen which left us feeling extremely uncomfortable.  
We had a meal here on Thursday 20th feb, service not great. At first they would not accept taste card because we hadn’t said that we had one when we first booked even tho I had to pay a deposit. Food was lovely, but will not be returning. So if your thinking of using your taste card please inform them first.  
Went on a Wednesday evening - big expectations as we'd heard of its awards in the borough of Havering and strong reputation. By and large these expectations were not met. Their take on poppadum's was playful but probably not an improvement on the traditional fare and a little over engineered. The best things we ate was from the starters - a large tandoori grill selection (£24) was a substantial plateful of chops, chicken etc. Hot and tasty, well marinated. Another starter of salmon was well received and substantial. The service was cheery from the girls. That's pretty much it for the credit column. Another starter was advertised as 'fiery' squid - it was neither hot in temperature or in spice (at all). It was a shame as I like the idea of an indian take of spicy squid - a staple of your Chinese takeaway. In no way could I reconcile the squid to its menu description - it had no spice. Lagers are £5.50 - so London prices. The main disappointment was the mains - and they were very poor - king prawn jhinga karahi - the prawns (6 of them) hadn't been marinated - they appeared packet bought and placed into a fiery thick sauce - but the heat was raw as though the spices hadn't been cooked out (for the best part of £15...the best part being 14.95). A lamb dish had dry pieces of meat in a similar kind of generic sauce. Their take on Bombay potatoes is roasted small new potatoes - nothing special. The bill for 5 came to over £200 - that included a poor bottle of white wine and a few beers. I am going to go again because I cant believe somewhere with so many rave reviews can be poor twice. I would also like to accentuate the positives to, good service, 2 of the starters were good. 232 of the 268 reviews on here are excellent so I will try it again. I was initially perplexed to why the restaurant was completely empty given its reputation to (one couple came in during our meal). 
I can’t fault the freshness of the ingredients, tasted great. However, all portions are very large, for sharing, I don’t eat meat, my husband does so, we can’t share so the menu isn’t practical for us. Result, spent twice what we would elsewhere, took more than half of it home and ended up wasting it. Vegetarian options (although after much discussion they made me a vegetable curry off the menu) are only spinach or pulses, not what I would usually order. The place was completely empty when we arrived and so they decided to sit the next customer right next to us. I’ll say again that the food tastes great but the menu isn’t practical unless there are lots of you sharing the same dishes. 
No starters just mains two drinks each and the most expensive Vodka without asking if we wanted it, lovely food but £90. For two of us was a bit extreme, won’t be back,  
Dined here with friends. Although there was nothing wrong with the food per se, it was a very limited menu and the food was very expensive for what it was. We paid 5 pounds for a mushroom rice, that was essentially pilau rice with a few small pieces of mushroom thrown on top. Wouldn't return here again given that there are a lot of Indian restaurants with wider menus and greater value for money nearby. 
I really am conflicted about this; no-one - and I mean no-one - even on the worst reviews here have criticised the food, rather they have focused on individual service incidents, you know the type - not really a review more a moan about an event or circumstance.... 
We saw a glowing TV review done by Gordon Ramsey and decided to try this place. Unfortunately the food was really mediocre. The bread was hard and the tagines not particularly flavoursome. Also the juices were of a very poor quality. The space in the restaurant is quite cramped.The service was ok, but all in all not an experience worth repeating. 
My husband and I were treated to three date nights from our children for Christmas, so date one we chose Tandoori Lounge... what a disappointment, the decor was nice, but for me, that’s as far as it went... we ordered popadoms with the usual sauces as we sat down, they didn’t turn up.. for our starter we both chose the fiery calamari... the flavour of the batter was quite nice, but the texture was like it had been cooked two or three times and the way it was served was beyond ridiculous...? In a mini frying pan, on top of an un dressed salad! With the really over fried calamari, it was not nice... our mains, my husband ordered a chicken dish, I ordered a Tarka Dahl, were I have to to say, quite good... but the service was not brilliant, I’m not a fan of trying to catch someone’s attention, to ask for another drink, or some extra sauce... so for me, it was a case of all mouth and no trousers, in that it looked good... but didn’t add up... over expensive, for what we had and service.. and a pet hate was when service charge was added for two, like its expected! 
Whilst the overall experience of dining in a prison was very unique, the food let it down. The service was good but our meals took a long time coming and really weren't worth the money. There were 6 in our party but sadly not one of us enjoyed the food which, considering the price, was very disappointing as most of the reviews we had read were good. As a place to go though - very interesting! 
I’ve visited here before, loved it, and was really looking forward to dinner during an overnight transfer at the Sofitel after very long work hours and flight. The food was just what I was looking for: interesting and yet not too challenging. But the service missed the mark, and frankly I felt like they would have preferred I wasn’t there. These are all fairly minor slights individually, but after long hours and at a hefty price, I expected better. The single man seated next to me received bread before I did. He received an amuse bouche; I did not. Each time my waiter brought anything he gave a heavy sigh. He complained about other customers. And he kept sighing. 
Tiny helpings for whoch presentation appears far more important than flavour. Slow and confused service. 
Despite the staff being extremely friendly and helpful the food was disappointing. The vegan 'homemade' burgers tasted suspiciously like cheap frozen ones and didn't relate to the discription.The seating is very uncomfortable but the atmosphere is fun with various jail paraphernalia surrounding you as you eat and staff in fancy dress. 
Is this a restaurant or is it a classroom project half finished? I expected to be pampered by lots of attention from our waiter and or a head waiter. Not so. And SUCH SLOW service too. Place was almost empty but eg. our starters took aeons to come. Portions SO small it was ridiculous. Dessert sounded fab on the menu but was 4 tiny hard cold raw slices of peach on a bit of jelly with a small blob of ice cream on top £5.95. The restaurant was buz with staff people sitt taking training etc and there were 8 in the open kitchen. But we ... the paying public, were virtually ignored. One waiter was assigned to us but apart from delivering food he vanished. We poured out our own water refills etc. At at least £25 per person excluding (soft) drinks tea or coffee I expect more. It was an interesting experience but we won't return. 
Lovely food however the service was awful . We had to wait 15 minutes to be seated and ages to actually get served . I guess that’s because it’s a Friday night and it looked like they were lacking in staff 
Lots of positive recommendations to try this creperie. Sadly it was rather disappointing. I had the onion soup, which Luke warm at best. Followed by a crepe, which was very dry. The plate was so hot I suspect that the crepe continued to cook! The crepe actually stuck to the plate. The egg in the middle was also overcooked. On. A positive note the service was very efficient. Lastly one of my personal gripes - service charge of 12.5% added to the bill. This is a convenient way of getting people to pay, as most people are usually very reluctant to ask for it to be removed, as indeed I was, especially as the overall meal was poor. 
Could be such a good pub but has no atmosphere, is tired looking and in need of some life injected in to it!  
The food was nice though somewhat overpriced. Service was charming as a school canteen bordering on the laughable. We took it as amusing but really it's not acceptable to say to a customer "relax, darling, in a minute". 
This place is ok! The chef-owner needs to be more organised, the food is good but is the place is busy you will wait ages for you food to come, a couples times also has happened to us that the chef mixed up the orders! The desserts needs more options  
We were ignored by the young waitress(?) behind the bar when we came in; who remained unsmiling and unfriendly throughout our entire evening. The food here was much worse than I was hoping for: unsophisticated flavours, onion soup that tasted like it had a tablespoon of sugar stirred into it, a tired-looking pinenut salad missing any pinenuts (the waiter went to the kitchen and kindly brought them out in a little dish to add). In fact the French waiter there was the only good thing about this restaurant. If you want good food I'd give it a miss. 
I booked this restaurant based on a very favourable tripadvisor score & reviews for my wife & two friends who were staying in Richmond for the weekend. By the time we left I felt pretty embarrassed to have suggested it. The notable exception was the waitress who was friendly, bubbly & efficient. Otherwise the two older male waiters were joyless and looked as if they would rather be somewhere else. The décor is terrible & tired. Pots of plastic roses on the worn wooden shelving that looked as if they had been there since the seventies. The toilets were equally scruffy. My food was OK - nice fish soup & crepe suzette and duck that was tasty if a bit tough. Our two guests were too polite to complain but neither enjoyed the food. My wife had sea-bass which was OK but, after offering to fillet it at the table, most of the bones were left in and, worse, were then mixed in with the fish. Her duck salad starter was miniscule. A classy town like Richmond must be able to do better than this?!! 
First thing I noticed was that almost everyone was eating in their coat and scarves! We soon realised why.....It was freezing in there! We ate with our coats on too. The service was so slow that we eventually told them if the food didn't arrive we would have to leave! When it did arrive, we could only describe it as mediocre. I can only imagine that the locals describe it as the best Indian in town because it's the best of a bad bunch!!! 
We visited this restaurant based on the good reviews and a personal recommendation. Staff were very nice. Restaurant is spacious and modern. The food however was a let down. All the dishes were lacking in flavour and were forgettable. I have tried many Indian, Nepalese and Bangladesh restaurants, the food here was well below average. 
Unfortunately disappointed with the new Tandoori Lounge - was expecting something more. Not your standard menu - many starters over priced and too large for a starter (same as you would have for a main). Not enough selection for mains and not enough accompaniments. Specifically asked for not too spicy and was far too spicy for my palette. Overall refurb looks good but still some snagging - air conditioning far too cold, men’s toilets no lighting. May be in time all initial issues will be ironed out but unfortunately for now not one of my favourites.  
I was recommended this cafe by a friend and after wanting to come for ages finally did over the weekend with a friend who loves Richmond and Iranian food!. At 12.45 we were told we could only order from the breakfast menu. The egg dishes we ordered were tasty but both very oily. I ordered a black tea which was so weak it looked like green tea even after 10mins of brewing. I was offered a second tea bag, which made little different - my tea was still weak & tasteless. I think the menu is very over overpriced especially as it's not in central London. Being a hot day I would have liked a cold meal but wasn't prepared to pay £10+ for yoghurt and fruit, the only cold option on the breakfast menu. My teabag tea was £3.20. Slightly strange loyalty scheme for coffee drinkers - 20 coffees for a free coffee. I had been looking forward this visit after months of anticipation. Sadly disappointed. 
went with the family and kids. 7 of us. lunch on saturday. pub was almost empty. 
7 of us for Sunday lunch in the Bistro. Marvellous little restaurant. Food was good although beef a little tough. Staff couldn’t be more helpful or friendly. Italian wine was excellent. Worth noting that there are only Sunday roasts available on Sundays. The bill was very reasonable. On what we experienced I would have given it a high score. So why the low score? We finished our three courses and asked to have tea and coffee but were told that we only had the table for 2 hours we couldn’t be served anymore. As I was not told this when I booked or later when I paid the £70 deposit we were very disappointed. It was a family gathering and my brother had travelled up from Chatham. 
This is a really nice pub and I've always enjoyed the food here. But today, we were immensely disappointed to be served cheese sandwiches on supermarket style sliced white bread. Really not something you expect from somewhere that describes itself as a "gastropub". A shame as the cheese was actually quite nice. My rating reflects todays experience, as I stated previously the food is usually very good. 
The shame of this pub is the food is good, as is the staff. Blaring music and some constant bad language caused as to leave once again before we ordered our food. Such a shame as this used to be a really good venue when eating in the bar 
Came highly recommend but we were very disappointed. It’s difficult to judge the food as we had to wait so long, the whole experience was tainted. We arrived at 2.00pm for a 2.15pm booking. We were 7 adults so happy to sit in the courtyard and have a drink. We ended up having two drinks and over 30 mins wait. The barman was very pleasant as was the waitress who returned on 2 separate occasions to tell us there were only 3 crabs left and then 5 mins later to say only 2 crabs left. This is apparently due to communication problems in the kitchen and having two restaurants. We were relaxed. We went to the table. A few of us had starters which were fine. We then waited until 4.45pm for our main course to arrive. Even then 4 came out while the other 3 of us waited another 7 mins. I’d like to say it was worth waiting for but it wasn’t that great and not really hot. The waitress was lovely and very apologetic, the manageress however gave reasons for the delay, sending a chef home early unwell and communication problems but didn’t really apologise. We were give a free drink but that didn’t really compensate for not receiving our main meal after the time we had originally been told to return the table. 
Our third visit to Imperial Arms, we were booked into the pub for Sunday lunch this time with the restaurant fully booked when we made the booking a few weeks prior.  
Four friends and myself went to have a meal here on a Thursday evening. It was not good, two of us ordered mussels one ordered soup two others ordered quiche. The mussels came first, lukewarm but some were stone cold bread to come until the third time of asking. The quiches came next and was ok and then we waited and waited and waited for he SOUP!! We the followed with two chicken one steak one salmon and therein lies a tale of two halves. The steak was nothing but fat and gristle without much flavour that got put into a napkin for the dog. The salmon was lovely thoroughly enjoyed. The chicken was watery and almost tasteless a complete waste of time for two of us. 
We have eaten here on several occasions with friends and have always enjoyed the food; however, our experience today was totally spoiled by a very rude local who lent over us twice with a noisy remote control to turn on the TV behind us to watch horse racing. It was very disconcerting to have to eat our meals with a group of 7 people staring over our heads at the TV behind us, and also talking loudly over us about the race. Whilst the service and food were good, we were also hurried out of our seats at the end so that another party could sit down. Doubt we'll be returning due to the atmosphere and rude local customers. 
Went on a Saturday based on good reviews. Small, local pub, nothing worth travelling for, didn't try food but didn't look like a food venue, I'm sure it's much better on a Sunday. 
We have eaten at Del Posto before and booked last Thursday for a birthday dinner. Sadly, the experience was disappointing with average service and our main courses - Veal Milanese and Baked Monkfish unappetising (the veal was thickly cut, grey and practically inedible). The restaurant was busy and maybe this was an off night, but we won’t be returning. 
My partner and I class ourselves as semi regulars and seem quite well thought of by some members of staff. Never had to moan before, always had lots of good things to say, especially Jean and Ashley (heart of the pub) made a telephone booking for ten people to celebrate my partners birthday, specifically asking to be seated in the pub, so we could watch the football as his team were playing in the afternoon. Was assured that was all totally fine with them. So, turned up with my party to be told we had a table in the courtyard, not in the pub and they were showing RUGBY. One very unhappy Liverpool supporter. As time was getting on, we decided to eat in the courtyard after being told they didn't know how its all been messed up and we shouldn't have been told we could watch football. As a gesture, we were told we could request some songs on as they had Spotify! We had a quick dinner and spent the rest of the evening in Ramblers' Rest. 
The food is ok but tables are crammed in and the experience isn’t helped by it being very draughty- we put our coats back on. 
Love a local business, so anything new is welcome. 
After leaving a good review about a month ago I’m so disappointed that during my recent visit food standards have dropped. Food was overcooked and dry, mixed grill was so overly charred, we had to leave most of it behind. The only reason why I’m giving a 2 star is because customer service was good, the gentleman that served us was very polite and helpful.  
What a let down! Definitely paid for the parking and interior design as food was basic. 
6 of us attended here tonight, the food was great, service was terrible, complete schoolboy ethics for our table! Asked for popadoms, the waiter fetched over x2, yes that’s right, x2 popadoms for 6ppl, when questioned, he stated this is all that was in the kitchen.. lol, it was like we was at a friends! (Awes - waiter) 
I was told the wait time is 15 to 20 minute but I had to wait 55 minutes in the queue with 3 childrens. After 45 minutes when i told woman on the gate about it. She wouldn't belived us, and said she can check if we are telling the truth. When she found out we are not lying she didn't even apologised. In the end we found out there is a waiting area inside which could be used if we wanted. Your queue methods and system need huge improvement and the woman in the gate should be changed with more experienced employer. I hope you atleast teach her to trust the customer, and give her some service lessons. Service is much better inside 
I am sorry but this restaurant is OK its too cramp plus the food is mediocre. Also for that price indian Zinc or Bombay chilli is better on the King street Hammersmith and NO i am not getting paid to say that as i am vegetarian i like my food sorry not happy. 
I really wanted to love this place, which is very local, but just can't do it. Possibly the worst Indian meal i've ever had except for something execrable in the back streets of Exeter in the early 70s. My auntie Vera could have done better with a Vesta pack and one small box of sultanas. Where to start? The Popadums were really salty, The Chicken Ko-Sa had some taste, but the spices hadn't really cooked down properly and finding the chicken pieces was a Bear Grylls challenge all on its own. As for 'enriched with lemon and almonds' we couldn't taste either. So that would be an impoverishment of lemon and almonds then. The Lamjung Lamb had a pleasant coconut after taste but the meat was flaccid and oddly greyish. The Bhindi Bhajee was firm and tasty but sadly not enough to make us forget the other disappointments. A neighbour and devotee of the temple assures us one of the chefs is much better than the other - but apparently the good one was on when we tried their food. Come on guys, pull it together. I'd love to see you succeed! Really pleasant staff. Please give them something to be proud of. 
Yesterday Saturday night kids wanted indian. Kids chose hawaeli and was disappointed a lot. The 4 papadoms costed us £7.80. The most expensive papadoms we had in uk. It is very expensive and the taste wasn’t great. Will never go there again. On Saturday night it was deserted. The Persian palace was full and buzzing wish had been there. I wouldn’t recommend eating in haweli. 
I ordered a takeaway from Monkey Temple as my usual favourite was closed.  
Having read the reviews before visiting this place, we were rather excited that we had uncovered a rare neighbourhood gem. It was not to be. The service was good - but the food was average. We ordered the prawn puree and the chilli momo balls to start, and the chilli lamb and chicken ceylon as a main. Every dish was tasteless and uninspiring and it was only the mushroom and chilli rice we ordered with the curries that got us through this tedious ordeal. The lamb was chewy and difficult to eat, the chicken bland and dry. To top it all off, the heaters seemed to be on full blast and it was way to hot to eat comfortably inside. It's highly unlikely we'll return. Thank God we had a taste card. 
Almost every restaurant has these, 'Best Indian food ever. Great service' 5 star ratings. It's a mystery to me how they get these ratings. When I walked in to pick up my takeaway order I was shocked at the bare wooden tables and wooden floor. It was just like walking into a down-market pub. Unlike the pictures, there was not a tablecloth in sight. My karahi lamb was chock full of uncooked onions and green peppers. No care had gone into it, just thrown together. Naan was OK. Staff were polite except for the owner who walked in when I was at the counter and just gave me a dirty look. I tried this place due to the high ratings but as far as I am concerned the management and chef have not got a clue. 
When we arrived I was impressed with the layout and decor but the food was very average, the prawn puri starter was over spicy and bright orange in colour,  
A group of us went to Melucci's with high expectations after reading the reviews. As soon as we got there and walked to the counter to read the menu, the staff behind the counter were unfriendly and one walked past us saying 'No point looking at the menu, love' without informing us why.  
First time in my life i have been upset with indian food. 
Have been going to this restaurant for some time and always been good. I do, however, now have some serious reservations. The quality of food is great and couldn’t criticise it in any way but their training and appreciation of allergies is unacceptable. This is a really serious area and the whole way they handled my son’s issue was far too nonchalant. Even the manager was totally disengaged when we were looking for answers, it all felt like an inconvenience.  
I've been here a few times now, but very surprised and disappointed on the last occasion where my party was asked to basically leave because they had "double booked" the table by accident. The owner/owners wife came up to us and said "can I give you your bill now, because we have another booking waiting". This was just after we had finished our starters and mains. Totally wrong, I have never in my life been told to pay and leave. 
We used to love eating here but won’t be going back any time soon after our dinner experience on 16 October. The menu has been reduced by half, and the size of the dishes by about 25%. Not the prices though. I wouldn’t mind that so much if the quality and creativity were still the same, but sadly that’s not the case. We ordered 12 of the 14 dishes on the menu, many of which were tiny and so simple you can easily throw them together yourself in 5 minutes.  
I don't want to be negative but I can't help noticing that most of the reviewers have only submitted 1 or 2 Trip Advisor reviews, this establishment being one of them. I can only assume that they have a very limited experience of eating out. This restaurant was ok, but definitely no where near the level of 5 star points. I love all kinds of Indian food and made a point of choosing this restaurant because of the rating. I was very disappointed by the menu and the 'takeaway' style, when I was expecting a proper restaurant. Tables were basic cafe style, not laid with table cloths , cutlery or glasses. We were given cans of Coke and had to ask for a glass. This is ok in a takeaway, but not in a place where you are expecting restaurant standards. I noticed on the way out, a food hygiene rating of 3, I wish I had noticed on the way in , as again I wouldn't have thought such a low standard of hygiene would warrant a number 1 spot on trip advisor. Just be careful about what you expect, if you are looking for a good quality Indian restaurant, I suggest you look elsewhere.  
We live locally and decided to visit this restaurant for my husband’s birthday. The food was amazing but service actually reduced me to tears. I’m not sure what it was about us the French waitress took a dislike to but we were ignored all evening. Meanwhile, the tables around us were treated to syrup like over the top niceness. What hurt the most was that I was specifically asked if it was a special occasion and I explained it was my husbands birthday. Then we watched while every table around us, who also had birthdays, received happy birthday deserts. When it was our turn, nothing. It was certainly deliberate. I have never eaten anywhere I have felt bullied. It made me cry at the table and they delighted in it right to the end. Stuck up, average French restaurant. There’s a McDonald’s up the road, go there for better service. 
We booked a meal to celebrate our anniversary but unfortunately not up to expectations. Scallops arrived warm and under cooked, steak was too rare even when we asked for it medium, had to go back. Forgot our side dish vegetables, so had to remind waiter. Dessert was OK but we felt the meal/service not up to the standard we were expecting for a restaurant with such a high reputation. At a cost of £130 after discount don't think we will be going back in the future. 
having jut returned from FRANCE . where the french disappointed no 'end' ( 'beef' formula McD at 16.50 was not only cold but the beef had an after taste and stuck like glue in the mouth ! ) - the logic here is 'the' french in LONDON - sure they can do 'better' given 'the' fierce competition - arrrhmmm ...looks like there is 'NO' competition + France too far away in 'the' 'muck' race .. i know i know should say nice things ..but at this price ..where is the gold ? 
Visited with friends for lunch. 
Yes some of the food is nice. But we asked for a slice of cake but it was stale must have been in fridge for ages. 
The place looks nice and clean, the staff are friendly and polite, but when I ask for an English Breakfast that has 2 eggs 2 bacon, beans, toast and tea, I kind of expect to firstly get "bacon" but instead I got turkey bacon or a reformed pretend bacon of some sort. 
Used to enjoy popping in for lunch, as the food is nice and the staff usually quite pleasant. However, last time we visited they got the omelettes wrong, didn't add cheese and they were quite overcooked and rubbery. I didn't eat the meal and told the waitress there were no cheese in our omelette (she couldn't care less). When I paid I mentioned it to the member of staff at the till and she was quite rude and obviously took umbrage, I was surprised at her reaction as it was totally unexpected, instead of apologising she was very negative. I paid in full and left, never to return. OK when things are good but beware of there being a problem! NOT recommended! 
I have been to this restaurant a few times at lunchtime.It was my 75th Birthday and my Daughter asked me what restaurant I wished to go to. I chose la dolce vita but was very disapointed with the service. The waiter asked if anyone wanted wine, when we said no but we wanted other drinks, he nevr came back.No salt & pepper where offered for our dinner. Had to ask for milk for our coffees then no sugar was given, had to ask again. When the bill came a service charged was added.WHAT SERVICE.Will not be going again 
Good fresh juice and service was ok. Ordered lamb shank and mixed grill. Food was disappointing as it lacked flavour and mixed grill was undercooked. 
First impression of this place was that the waiter was quite abrupt. Seemed a bit put out and not too bothered about taking our order. Food was ok.....not the best we've had. The massalla was very red which was off putting and the panir was tasteless. Pretty disappointing. Won't be going back and no we didn't tip .  
Masa used to be amazing - great price and amazingly tasty food. Masa would be my go to for night out with friends, take away at home, dinner with family. 
It looks very nice inside this restaurant and waiters are friendly. 
Have been to this restaurant many times before and found the food and service excellent. However, went there yesterday evening (20 September) and was very disappointed with the service. We had to ask for the table to be cleared and when this was done some food was nearly spilt on a friend. When we asked for desert menus, we got '"one" for us all to share, so we did not bother with desert or coffee. We went somewhere else for a coffee. I normally always leave a tip, this time I did not. I will give the Spice Station one more visit and if it has not improved, that's it, i shall go elsewhere. 
Attended a family event  
We decided to order a take out as we had friends staying. I ordered what we're ordered for years which is the Masa spacial for 5/6 people plus the extra's. We always ask to have the plain challow rice for the one with raisons and carrots in - (Quabli rice I think they call it). One the best parts of this dish is the whole lamb shank in the middle of the rice. When it arrived we realised the lamb shank was missing. When I rang the manager he said it was in lieu of the Quabli rice as that was normally more expensive. I explained that was a first and also he should have warned us and gave us the option to pay the extra. In the end after lots of pointless argument he agreed to send the lamb shank over (we had obviously finished the meal by then), didn't apologise & promptly hung up on me & still charged when it arrived. 
Cold food; indifferent service. A great disappointment and a clear decline since it first opened.  
We went in on a Sunday evening, we were the only customers. Staff could hardly be bothered to serve us. I ordered no 4 and 67, no 4 as you can see from the photo looked like cat sick. The staff sat with their backs to us playing games on their phones - again as you can see in the photo. 
lets compare it to the opposite Afghan res (Mazar). I went to Masa with my family yesterday. The food was not good at all (cold and under-cooked). The customer service was poor while the toilets were unclean. At the payment time I read a small notice saying our card machine is out of order meaning only cash is accepted which is dodge. In comparison the other Afghan restaurant just other side of the road where I went some weeks ago, the food, customer service was excellent with good price. I will not recommend anybody to dine at Masa. 
They did not seem interested in taking our order - doubt if we will go back. They really need to make customers feel valued. 
stopped for a "flat white" on the way back from a walk - wish I hadnt have bothered - I think they forgot to put the coffee in!! 
Not very good service, took way to long to bring the after it was ready and the desert as well, when it was ready they just stood there talking not acknowledging the desert was ready.  
We have been visiting this establishment 2 or 3 times a month for over 2 years whilst on our shopping trip to Uxbridge.  
Wait 2 mins for the waiter to take me to my table. Ordered a lamb shank and it's cold inside. Come on how can you serve cold food to your customer? Then they served a better cooked lamb shank, taste delicious indeed. Tiramisu also taste great.  
I frequently visit Uxbridge with my job, and always order a takeaway to eat back in my hotel room, as I don’t feel comfortable eating in a restaurant on my own. On this occasion I had misread my discount voucher, believing it to be valid for take-away, however the manager advised it was for dining in only. Despite explaining I had made a genuine mistake and asking for his support to help rectify the situation, he was very dismissive, unhelpful and kept scrolling through his phone whilst I was speaking to him.  
Limited menu - 2 choices each course, unbalanced and salty. Well presented but chef trying to be clever and it doesn't work. No vegetarian options and choices are repetitive. Staff stuck in process and lack flexibility, Idid not want yo serve a dish without sauce, argued with us then said 'you started it' . Very irritating, kept calling me 'my lady' and ingratiating at times. Female waitress was much better. Amuse buches interfered with pallet rather than enhancing menu choices. Very expensive and service charge added without prior notice. 
Restaurant was quiet, only 3 tables full. We waited 20mins just to be served and when our food was ready it was sitting at the counter for about 15mins until someone bought it over (we only ordered 1 main and a side salad to share). Very slow. Waiters not very observant of their customers. However, the food was good. Side salad portion is tiny, could finish in two bites. 
The only Italian traits of this restaurant (and likely of the whole chain) are the music and the abuse of Italian names in the menu. In fact, the recipes used are often different from the original ones. Moreover the food is ok but not a good value for money. I took a spritz and a margherita. The drink was almost acceptable but the pizza not a all. Actually, I have the feeling that the pizza was cooked from frozen... a friend of mine, who is not Italian but have been to proper Italian restaurants in the past, noticed the same differences. 
The service was very nice and efficient BUT the food....probably the worst burger I ever had in my life. Dry,tasteless and bun was just probably from Tesco. I won’t return for food for sure.  
Slow service, 45min wait for food. Disappointed with outside, river view blocked by scratched cloudy Perspex, not what they advertise in the photos.  
After queuing for twenty minutes ended up having to pay 18 pounds for a cocktail and a pint. What a rip off. 
Cocktail was extremely weak. Unsure how much alcohol was actually in it. 
Curries (meat and veg) and starters all tasted And looked similar as if the sauce had just been put on some meat/vegetables. We ordered on recommendation of the waiter. Sadly disappointing food. Waiter inexperienced and yes its great its a family business but better to get staff that provide quick and efficient service without staying too long to chat. Not sure whether the reviews of this restaurant are genuine certainly better food from a chain restaurant. Shame. 
Recently moved to Northfields and had high expectations as had seen the overwhelmingly positive reviews of this place. At the time of review this is a top #50 london restaurant so I'm judging by high standards. 
All the staff working were moody and didn’t want to be there. Even the smallest requests like asking for a straw was met with disgust or a sigh.  
Booked a table for 7.30pm on a Saturday night for 5 people. Curious as this restaurant is ranked #25 out of 19000+ restaurants in London.  
The first two times we tried this restaurant the food was spot on however with regret I have to say things have gone down hill and I say with regret because after the first 2 visits we thought we had found a new curry house but after our last experience we will not be going back. The papadums were not as fresh as before and the chicken tikka masala was very tomatoey and service was slow to say the least with nobody asking how's your food etc !! And my wife had to wait a ridiculous amount of time for a glass of water whilst I appreciate this was prob down to the restaurant being under staffed the food was no where near the standard or quality of our previous visits.  
Very disappointed at the food. Dried out mini brioche rolls with half a burger cold, dried hard little peices of something didn't know what it was cold. Music far too loud still thudding in my ears this morning. Staff quite pleasant. A bit expensive wouldn't go again 
Warm day and no tables downstairs near window so looked upstairs. Really poor up there, very hot and no view as high green glass balcony. 
Just been here early evening with the family, good service and food 
The good food was let down by the unfriendly service.  
A total anti-climax and a poor michelin starred dining experience. There is no atmosphere in the restaurant. The staff show no interest or passion and appeared to be just going through the motions. The food was unremarkable. Very expensive for what it is. Overall, we don't know what the fuse is all about as this lags by some distance other fine dining restaurants in London that we visit. We will not be returning. 
We ate dinner here on Saturday 28 September. The food was good, but service very slow to the point that we waited 15 minutes before our drinks order was taken. We requested the dessert menu after eating our mains but it never materialised- the waiter who took the request came to ask us after 20 mins of waiting whether or not we'd had our desserts! We had to leave 10 mins after receiving the bill to attend a concert but had to go and find a waitress to take payment as no-one came near our table in that time. I mentioned that the food was good and service poor and she just said Oh, okay! Needless to say we didn't leave a tip! 
I ordered a simple Arrabbiata with chicken. It was bland, boring and had three tiny pieces of chicken. I complained and my complaint was listened to.. Excellent staff. Poor kitchen ! It’s really a big factory canteen best avoided! 
My family and I debated how we should assess this restaurant, but none of us was able to rate it any better than average. When you combine that with the ridiculous prices you get a poor overall score. The staff were generally ok, but strangely absent when we wanted to order coffee, The food was limited in choice (lunchtime menu) so we had expected great quality that was not delivered. My wife even found a bone in her sea bream which wasn't even noticed by the staff.  
I booked a late table for one at the end of August. There were very few diners at the tie I arrived but it took for ever to get a menu to order. I eventually ordered an Aperol Spritz to have before my starter. It just didn't arrive! My glass of red wine arrived before the Aperol. When it did eventually come it was not nice at all. Certainly didn't taste at all of Aperol and also was totally flat! I cancelled that as I didn't want to drink a aperitif drink with my starter. The starter of burrata was absolutely fine and my pasta of Genovese Pesto with beans was also very good. However, when it cane to paying I gave £30.00 cash for a £24.00 pound bill. The staff, without asking decided to keep the rest! I always tip 10% but 20% is just too much, especially when the service has been so appalling. I had to ask for men change and did then leave, begrudgingly, a 10% tip. 
Poor experience overall. We been there for lunch and although the restaurant was almost completely empty the service has been poor and slow. We had to wait half an hour for our main courses.  
This looks like a dirty restaurant from the entrance itself. The gents toilets are filthy and they stink. Service was not enthusiastic and the food was a disappointment. The best thing was the hummus starter. I won’t return.  
The food was average. Service slow and unfriendly. Only realised the hygiene rating was low when I checked after we’d got home. Would not recommend it! 
Fairly average cafe let down by using cheap beans and watered down brown sauce. Staff also seemed very unhappy. Decor was quite good and seating outside if you want. As there is a lot of cafe competition in the road, they need to up their game a little. 
I visited the plum cafe with a friend for breakfast today.  
Came in solo, and no one to seat me, so sat down on my own. The waiter came after 10 minutes and looked for another table for me, but with no luck. Waiter barely looked at me. Waited 25 minutes on a simple pasta dish and it was cold, and no knife and fork. Food and dessert was tasty, but the waiterers ran around like headless chicken, barely noticing me. 
Authentic? Not even close expect the name of dishes  
Service has gone down hill. They pick and choose who they want to charge service charges to. Some staff are really helpful. Whereas others look like they cannot be bothered  
Blend food - no seasoning at all, unnecessarily huge portions, unwelcoming poor service, small variaty of drinks in the menu plus wobbly table. 
Went as a group for a birthday. Obviously will not get same service as starters pre-ordered, which were essentially hummus and other dips. These were very nice. Ordered a braised chicken dish with jasmine rice and salad. The rice portion was vast but the chicken, which was coated in gravy and came with additional gravy was essentially tasteless. Others had ordered skewers of lamb or chicken and the same was true of their dishes. Huge portions but essentially bland. One person did have a tasty stew. 
When we arrived we had booked a reservation, however, they had in-fact not reserved a table for us. When we sat down we ordered our food and the quality of the starters was average. However, after a lengthy 1 hour 15 minutes we had still not received our main courses. Overall, Poor service and average quality food. 
This restaurant needs a total refurbishment and the toilets relocated. To have to enter the toilets directly from the restaurant behind a bar where the waiting staff stand is unacceptable. The food in part was ok, but to have only two choices for each course on the lunch menu was poor . The price has also has been increased recently to £55 from £45. The food at Pied a Terre for example is much better, as is the choice, and is not so expensive. The competition in London is fierce and I fear you need to pull your socks up! I regularly eat at The Artichoke our local restaurant. The food there is far superior to Petrus. They deserve the Michelin star!!! Unfortunately I will not return to Petrus. 
This restaurant was recommended to us by our hotel which was nearby. As such to be sure of a table we went and made a booking for Saturday night. When we made the booking the restaurant was full which we took as a good sign. This was a mistake on our part. We were almost certainly the only people there who had no experience of Persian food. The food and taste did not at all suit our palette. In fact our plates went back with most of the food uneaten. They do not serve alcohol but you can bring in your own bottle which we did. I have quite an adventurous spirit with regard to new food ideas but I have to say that I had to admit defeat here. Needless to say we will not be returning anytime soon. 
A week or so ago I went into Cote Parsons Green with a friend and my French Bulldog to have lunch on a sunny afternoon. However on entering was approached by the manger and told we would not allowed to bring a dog into the restaurant.  
We went for a meal (8people) waiting 20 minutes for a waiter to take our order, we had to come up to them to take their attention. Rice, bread and chicken very tasty and portions big but lamb was awful. we didn't get enough glasses for everyone. And starters were served after main meal? Then we had to go and pay as they weren't interested to help us. we said we do not wish to pay service charge as it was terrible but they refused to take it off our bill! Very rude people, not going back there. 
Over the past couple of years the food has been of a consistently good standard. However the atmosphere has been somewhat lacking (understatement). In over 25 visits only on 2 occasions have we enjoyed a really pleasant rapport with the staff.This evening they were a cigarette paper away from being mildly abusive.We will continue to go there but only as a last resort. 
Don’t get fooled by the name and classy look of this restaurant. We were group of 5 and regarding the food, 1 or 2 dishes were just ok but the rest was not good at all. The worst part is service which was horrible. Staff were not helpful at all and keep forgetting our orders. They weren’t caring the customers. You’re supposed to pay at the till not at your desk. Dirty toilets and I think 2 stars is enough for this experience. 
Persian palace used to have okay food before they doubled the size of their seating area. The food quality has dropped. Also there is no salad when ordering delivery. Just a lot of rice. Slightly disappointed 
We came here during April 2017. The service was quite poor, just people running around like headless chickens. The food wasn't too bad but nothing particularly special, mountains of rice.  
Visited with colleagues. Food was very nice, however service did not meet our standards. Staff was unjustifiably overly attentive (which is an old fashioned practice for fine dining restaurants). Above all, for group of us (8), they could not accommodate the full menu, so offered a reduced menu choosing between three mains ( one meat, one fish, one veg). This is unacceptable as some of us did not like the choice of meat. A restaurant of that level should not earn a Michelin star just based on quality and creativity of food, but also everything else surrounding. It is the same analogy as with a 5 star hotel which does not earn the stars based on sleep comfort only. Also, the restaurant has very limited non-alcoholic options and ambient music was louder than expected for what it should be. 
Been coming here regularly for a long time and had an awful visit when I came with a few friends - waited 30 mins for an order to be taken 40 mins for take away food to arrive - 30 mins for the bill and was spoken to very rudely by the 'manager' who then insisted we had to pay service charge or we can't ever come back - ridiculous!! Molana across the road is nicer and cheaper.  
Tasteless food, no salt no pepper.. didn't like anything. There is no aroma in the food. We will not going to this place again.  
Very nice decor, although very noisy, the waitress did not help to make us feel comfy! It was rush time for dinner, but we had to wait a fair bit before she could take our order...that could be explained by the fact that 2 different families were served before us even though they arrived a few minutes after us! 
Have eaten there loads of times , service this time was terrible, one waiter just ignored us , food was. Not the normal standard and it was not that busy  
We all know pasta is easy and quick to make. Had to send back my penne pasta twice as came cold/luke warm. Clearly made in bulk in advance and badly heated up when ordered. Can only hope it is stored safely. 
Having been to Persian Palace many times, I would have to say this has been the worst visit yet. Normally, when we come here the service is quite poor but the food is good so it is something that we just expect.  
Some pasta dishes needed much more sauce - almost dry as served. Antipasto starter unusual. Best thing we tried was the parmesan and garlic fries. 
My brother and I went to petrus the night i was in London a few days ago and had the tasting menu plus £450 wine match 
Some say great Italian, delicious food and great service. I was not impressed by the venue, nor the service, nor the quality of the food. It misses the atmosphere you find at a true Italian. It feels more like you are sitting in a big canteen, it is a bit industrial. Service was not that good, had to wait reasonably long before I could order, even though it was not really buys, food arrived soon but once finished I had wait again. 
Sunday evening 8.00pm. Party of 7. Restaurant only half full, but it seemed to take ages for the orders to be taken,  
Ok, I know I should be commenting mostly on the food here but sadly I did not get to the stage of eating at Makan - the cook FORGOT about our meals when we were the only people ordering at the time... Fortunately I managed to get my money back after half an hour of waiting but beware to keep checking on your food if you order from the picture menu - do not repeat my mistake! 
Visited here with a work colleague for a nice lunch. First of all the place was empty for lunch when turned up but we were served so slow as if the place was packed. Someone would serve us and then another member of staff would come over and ask us our order... we were one of 3 tables occupied...  
My husband and I ate at Persian Palace on 22nd Nov 2016, and we were so disappointed with the experience, that we felt we had to review this restaurant. 
Good food as you would expect. Bread was slightly stale though.  
I expected something better from this restaurant. The food wasn't bad but it should be much better for such an expensive restaurant. I was disappointed. 
I usually love Cote but my recent visit left me disappointed. We ordered minted peas but these arrived with an enormous amount of lettuce and barely any peas. When we asked about these the first waiter said it was cabbage and the second very rudely sneered at us that they "always" came served like that. When our replacement finally arrived we had finished our food. I don't like being spoken to like that in a restaurant. 
I never wanted to write a review on tripadvisor however this is too much. We are a group of asian customers and we are really amazed with the food there, except for the oversweet dessert. We really had a great time there with such great food, but we are disappointed with the service. We are being served by two gentleman which makes jokes with us to soothe the atmosphere, which we greatly appreciate. However, we noticed a waiter constantly looking at our table with a judgemental face while serving us when we are enjoying our meal. We really think that this is disrespectful to us and we never faced this kind of situation in any other Michelin restaurants. We remember the waiter is in glasses and wear suit with red tie and its a shame that we did not figured out his name. We really appreciate the hospitality received throughtout the meal, however his judgemental attitude really ruined the dining experience. We would not visit or recommend this restaurant if we know this is going to happen to us. 
Bruschetta was chopped tomatoes on very basic bread. No onions, olive oil or balsamic. Not a real bruschetta, and over priced for what it was. 
The menu here is quite limited, though the food is tasty and plentiful and very cheap. You need to like chicken and/or mutton - which is well cooked - but there isn't much else and the fish is overcooked.. Vegetables are a bit sparse and the salads dull. Hygiene is a problem though and the staff don't seem to know the basics. They got a nil rating on "scores on doors", so I wouldn't go again without a change in management. A pity. 
We went there with few friends during the lunch time. I've never tried Persian food so was looking forward too this. 
MWent as a group of 12 and it was overall an "okayish" experience. 
Second time I’ve been there at this location and the experience is the same. Dry unfriendly people. Prawn starter was good. But isn’t it best practice to finish a starter before they bring you the main meal. Well I was still eating mine and my main meal got put down on the table. Didn’t offer anything such as black pepper or cheese I had to ask for it. It was just not a good experience. Only went there because I had my o2 moment. Oh yes I had a tropical mojito that did not look tropical at all and didn’t taste that way I had to ask the waiter to confirm that he bought me over the right drink.  
Came here today with my boyfriend. The waiter did not engage with the conversation at all. In fact i hardly remember him say anything at all. No smile. Nothing. He did not bring any lunch menus. It was still time for lunch. So i have got up and asked for the menus myself. The waiter gave the menus with sort of annoyed face as there were cheaper deals on there. We waited for our order to be taken for about 10 minutes which felt like ages. The food arrived fairy quickly. It wasnt bad but it felt a bit dry. We wanted to order a souce but nobody came over to check on our food and the waiter seemed busy so we didnt bother. After we finished eating.. our food plates were not cleared at all. We also waited for someone to come over so we can ask for the bill. After about 20 minutes we decided to get up and leave. We have asked for a bill at the counter and the people behind it were asking us what table we were sitting at.. which i felt was unprofessional. I would not come back as it seemed to me like they just forgot about serving us to the end. I wish we just walked out.  
I've had takeaway as well as dined twice in this restaurant. Whilst the food is nice, the service is beyond poor and the staff non engaged and rude.(I refused to pay service charge the 2nd time which was included on the bill simply because it was so bad. We were ignored and they got annoyed when I asked for it to be removed as I wasn't happy with the service and they still demanded a reason why!) 
Very small portions for the price and the noise inside was like in a train station unfortunately. Staff was very inattentive and forgot to bring some things.  
Chicken and environment were nice but meat, rice and bread were not good at all compared to other places. Nonetheless, 2 of the staff members were nice.  
Too loud and the waiters are not friendly. 
We arrived to a half empty restaurant to be grunted at by the waitress and pointed to a table. After 10 mins or so on a hot day, we asked another member of staff if we could order drinks. She agreed but another 15 mins passed where we could see most of our drinks (order taken incorrectly) sitting on the bar. In the end, one of our number asked the barman if those were our drinks and served them. Similar throughout the meal - drinks and meals left on a shelf (not under a hot lamp), ignored by the serving staff. 
I have heard so much about Persian palace and recommendations from friends . However I thought it was pretty basic 
What a disappointing meal ...the supposedly famous butter rice was very dry ..... 
Having been to Cote on many occasions my meal last night was so very disappointing. I ordered a simple Salad Niscoise which I eat often in various restaurants. To my dismay the tuna was so small that I could have eaten it in four mouthfuls. The rest was an array mainly consisting of red onion and peppers (never had peppers in a Niscoise before) and while I like both onion and peppers not in those quantities. There was the smallest smidgeon of black olive and half a cherry tomato. I think there was half an egg.  
My last visit wasn't to best not was the time before, dry meat, very little choice of menu, extortion prices.  
Food was late and pretty average. We seemed to nearly invisible to the waiting staff who offered explanations but no apologies.  
This restaurant is my local Persian restaurant. I used to take my guests to visit this restaurant because the food used to be so good and the staff were friendly and helpful. I went last week, and I am sorry to say, the standard of the food was so poor. The Joojeh chicken I had was so tough, you needed a chainsaw to cut it, the meat was so tough, it looked like it had not had time to marinade it.The Youghurt drink had so salt in it , it would cause anyone's blood pressure to go up. The waiters were quite slow in serving. It was very busy that evening but unfornately, I have been so put off, I am seriously considering not visiting this place. The standard has gone down so much. 
I paid another visit to persian palace last night , hoping that the food would be as good as it was back in March. We were shown to a table and 15 minutes later no one had come to take our order. I had to go and find a waitress and ask her if she could take our order! The starter was fine but our mains, ghafghazi and soltani were not great at all. The meat was so hard I could not cut through it! Koobideh's texture was not right and almost everything gave off a yellow coloured juice, and no it wasn't saffron! In my opinion they have changed or hired a new chef who's not as good as the previous ones. Persian palace will lose customers if it continues to provide such a poor service. 
I have been to Persian Palace before and the food was always great therefore I recommended the restaurant to my family to have dinner at Persian Palace. The food was not as expected!! The rice was not cooked properly, it felt like I was eating baby food. The chicken & kebabs didn't taste as good and on top of that they charged me 10% for service charge. I now regret that I should have said something regarding the food to the member of staff. I don't think I will be returning. 
Had nasi lemak and laska Noddles soup. Not that good. Average taste and average quality. Don't think we'll be going back back. 
We were looking forwards to a lovely Persian Saturday night dinner at this highly reviewed (TripAdvisor) restaurant.  
We visited there for our anniversary and were introduced to one of the middle seats where all other Asian customers were aligned each other, while whites sat in the window seats. I couldn’t determine whether it was arranged on purpose at the time we visited only, or it was a nature of service in this restaurant. 
Been here with my family a couple of times, first time was fab, second time round average and recently not a very good experience. 
Living in the area, we had not been back here for a number of years due to a very poor lasagne. Revisited yesterday, to a warm welcome and an unnecessary small glass of lemonade on arrival. This was quickly followed by a wooden board with very hard green Italian olives and rosemary bread that we did not ask for, later to find out on asking for the bill we were charged £5.50 for four small slices of bread and £3.25 for the olives! 
This place is OK. 
Popped into the Robin Hood for a quick early dinner around 6 o clock yesterday to be told that as we hadn’t book there was no places for us the pub was practically empty there was no offer if you could be finished by a certain time or any other comment so disappointed as we eat there fairly regularly we left we were a couple strangle four other people had also been turned away just in front of us as we found out as getting back into our cars so in the course of 5 mins they had turned 6 people away ina Practically empty pub. Come on management get your act together , 
We was staying at the hotel and this is the bar, it is a well stocked and run bar. The staff are friendly and drinks flow freely. A little expensive and shuts early even when an event is on  
The decor has been done really lovely, which is what draw us to book our night away and eat here but it's really style over substance. The service was polite but you can tell most of them don't want to be there. We had to ask a number of times before we got any water for the table, my main meal was wrong and it took forever for our plates to be cleared- so nothing appalling, just really lacking.  
Been twice and both were awful.. I ordered a Toasted bacon and Cheese toasty and in 1 half got just cheese and in the other half got just Bacon .. I didn't understand that at all and when asked why it's like that. The guy who served me just shuggred his shoulders and carried on doing what he was doing  
The food was bland. Just so bland. My cousin ordered the chicken and chorizo pasta which came up dry. No sauce no drizzle nothing. Just dry cooked pasta.  
Sunday roast. Beef was chewy and obviously sliced and reheated. roast potatoes had a thick skin on them because they had bee prepared much earlier and kept hot. staff were pleasant and helpful but the food lets it down badly. wouldn’t book again 
Was booked up a few weeks in advance (£10 deposit taken!)was asked as it for mother’s day that their mother’s day menu would be available to order from it wasn’t so I had no main meal,pretty poor,gave us a bit of a poor excuse as to why!would not recommend as gave this place another go to eat in but food came out lukewarm had to send it back!  
I rarely leave very poor reviews, but on this occasion I would like to express my immense disappointment at my last visit to Petrus.  
Decided to come here Saturday afternoon for brunch after reading the excellent reviews. Pretty disappointed to be honest. Came in at 12.30, had a look at the menu, I decided to have the full monty breakfast and my friend the kings special breakfast. My friend went up to order while I sat at the table. I heard the young girl saying to him they couldn't do the full monty or the kings special.. she turned to clarify with the guy doing the cooking (her dad maybe?, I got the feeling they were his kids due to the way he was speaking to them!) 
Came here after being recommends by a friend however it was OK nothing special, and don't like the arrogance of any restaurant adding service charge as compulsory especially if their takeaway menu and eat in pricing is different. This should be left to the customer to decide if the service was good or bad. Do your research plenty if better places at same value in London  
We were really looking forward this experience and went out disapointed. 
Usual lunch with friend,ordered belly of pork with stuffing.Shocked have enjoyed this meal in the past which was a delicious sqare of pork with crispy crackling on top.This meal was disgraceful presentation rubbery crackling carrots with a minute helping of overcooked broccoli few peas no presentation not hot.Waited 45 minutes for this car crash.We were going to let the young waitress know how experience,the assistant manager abruptly called her away in middle of conversation,very rude as it was not very busy there were other staff around including himself.Staff including Karen usually have a chat about the food,reason I am writing a review calves liver gone seabass gone,an awful plastic container by fireplace with sliced bread,looked like a soup kitchen.Why cut all that bread to get stale didn't see one slice used. 
Very slow service, it took 45 min after the starters to get the main course, the main course was not nice  
Visited the Robin Hood last night and was very disappointed. I have been visiting this pub for a long time last night is the last time. The food was poor and my daughter was unable to eat the roast beef it was soo tough. To be fair to the manager he did not charge us for it. The menu is not as good as in the past. The young man who served us was very pleasent and help full. When we went to the car park my daughter discovered the sign that stated that the pub was not responsible for any cars in the car park had blown over and scratched her car. When she took this up with the manager he stated it was not his problem as stated in the sign. 
I came here 2 years ago with my family for christmas dinner and was so very pleased and thoroughly enjoyed it. I was very impressed so we booked up again for this year. However, this year we was very let down. We was served 3/4 of an hour late, the menu we pre-ordered got messed up and our food wasn’t available when we had reserved it. It was also checked a few weeks before yet still it failed to match. The christmas dinner was very upsetting- in fact my Nan said it had ruined her christmas day - she felt like she didn’t even have a proper christmas due to this! (And my nan is not one to ever moan!) my nan had no turkey on her plate! And my cousin had no parsnips or Brussels sprouts! The vegetables were extremely hard and uneatable. We was gutted with no Yorkshire’s. We only got one check back. We got charged for all of our food, despite waiting for Ages, the meals being wrong and not delivered at service.  
Female waiter - so sharp and rude!!  
Aside from being food poisoned, how was the rest of the experience? Food, ambience, service were tops. Unfortunately, my husband and I got food poisoning that hit us 2 hours after we ate. I now have heard diners similar complaints at other GR eating establishments. Shame, really as I had looked forward to finally dining at one of his Michelin starred restaurants.  
We had the set lunch menu and each course could only be described as OK given this is a Michelin starred restaurant. The pudding was simply poor.  
My wife and I decided to take advantage of their lunch time special offer. 
IT looked nice from the outside , cosy Italian... but even with just 10 people inside the room was way to noisy and the service was poor! 
My cousin had booked the table for 4. All good when we sat down waited a bit to order drink, waited a bit longer then my cousins were told the IPA beer had to be changed so they waited quite a while before getting a drink. Starters were good. Mains - 1 Wagyu Burger good but very small. 3 lamb rump. NOT good my dish was three lumps of FAT - yes I am not exaggerating...The other dishes were fatty also. Never was this Lamb Rump, loads of potatoes under the "lamb" but hard and undercooked and about 6 lengths of bean. Dessert was good.  
Well the staff are nice and helpful. I had roast salmon that came on a bed of lentils, fried to a crisp kale and horrible beetroot and diced carrots. The roast chicken was tasteless the potatoes were stale, the sausage component of pigs in blankets were uncooked, the Yorkshire pudding was flat and solid. 
I have heard of the Persian Palace in Ealing and was told it was the best place to have authentic Iranian food in London. The restaurant is in an area surrounded by outher Persian restaurants. Surprising the place was quite packed and it gave me a nice feel about it. There were a few Iranians and when you see the natives in a restaurant you know it will be good. Service was good. Tables were tightly squeezed and uncomfortable.  
An interesting place which seemed very popular. I thought worth a try. The initial welcome was good but thereafter the service was very hit and miss, one moment the waitress was solicitous and helpful, the next very off-hand. They do not sell any alcohol but I was directed to shop across the road, where i bought some beer.  
Extremely slow service. Food ok but basic. Deserts straight from the packet. We reserved a salmon dish as there was only 2 left but they sold it to someone else! Just ok wouldn't bother returning. 
Not a good experience. Squid was so tough it nearly broke my tooth, it should have just melted. Meat pie seemed as though it had been reheated several times bottom was chewy. 
Each of the 3 us had half a chicken. The plates were so loaded we could hardly cut our chicken. Unpleasant atmosphere as well.  
We came for a meal yesterday (17.07.17) around 8pm. When we arrived the manager walked past us twice and made no effort to acknowledge us waiting for a table. During our meal we noticed the manager roll his eyes at customers and not take priority to customers needing his attention. At one point the restaurant wasn't even that busy but we saw around 4 tables that needed to be cleared. It felt to us that he didn't want to be there. Also the sea-bass was beyond overcooked, other food we saw around us didn't look properly cooked. 
Went for a Saturday evening meal . This Gastropub has a lovely garden and conservatory but the food is below average. 
First time of visiting and last time. Incredibly disappointed - food mediocre and in no way better than a Weathersoon meal. A definite from us 
Friendly staff - when they could be distracted from taking to each other, but very slow service on a quiet evening. It's a pleasant pub, inside and out, but the food was poor. Most disappointing was a vegetarian dish of pasta and vegetables, which was served swimming in oil - literally - a good centimetre of oil at the bottom of the dish. We mentioned this to the waitress who informed us that that cooking instructions come from head office with precise details of the amount of every ingredient that the chef should use. You'd think a decent chef would query this - if it is true.....A free cup of coffee did not mitigate our disappointment. We won't return. 
One of our party had one of the specials which was good. But all the rest of the food was seemingly microwaved from frozen - really horrible actually. They couldn’t even cook the pasta on the menu without any sauce - even this was pre-made from frozen.  
we have eaten here many times in the past,we wanted to stay local(we live in southgate).we phoned to book a table and arrived early,we were given our table as they wernt that busy.we placed our order 2 starters and 2 mains and 2 drinks.the drinks arrive quite quickly but we waited ages for our food.it turns out that our order wasnt given to the chef!the waiter was very apologetic,saying our drinks would on the house!the starters finally arrived and were very nice,but i was very dissapointed with my £1. salmon niscoise,the salmon was overcooked,the tomatoes were tasteless and the potatoes were undercooked.i wish we had gone to gambinis in oakwood where you can get a meat main course for £8! 
Our son having booked for a large family meal, we were giving this place another chance. We used to go there all the time but a few years ago something changed and the quality of the food and value went completely downhill so we stopped going. Well it has improved a little from that very low point - the food is quite tasty again but... 
Had so high expectations after being recommended by so many...What A big let down. Waited over an hour for pizzas, ordered olives, no show, ordered pizza with extra prosciutto, oh by the way on service, no prosciutto, so they assumed I would settle for plain ham...not even asking for my opinion. The beef & gorgonzola pizza had no gorgonzola cheese so it had to made again. On ordering dessert, the restaurant were out... BIG LETDOWN... 
Location: close to Paddington train station. 
I was staying nearby so I called in my order. Plain garlic bread and fettuccini Bolognese. Service was very fast. Food was very bland. Wouldn't bother again. 
Polite & friendly service. Food portions have become small. Order starter garlic bread to share £3.75 portion, 3 small pieces bread not the previous size. Mains Wagyu burger £14.95, small burger & bun not as other Mac pubs & portion of chips in small metal basket, that's it . Couldn't see salad in burger, just an empty plate apart from chips & burger. To make it worse the burger was raw & burnt on the outside, which I sent back. 
We sat at the table at 6:30 and only finished having our desserts at 9:10! Nice food but they needed more staff to serve all the tables. 
Booked a table online, via their website, for 9.30, and arrived at 9.35 due to the very long walk from our hotel room to the restaurant via a maze of confusing corridors. Rudely asked what we were waiting for by a member of staff and I explained we had a table booked to which she refused saying we close at 9:30. Showed my proof of booking email and she stormed off saying no way. Had to wait for a manager to ask again, explaining why they would have 9.30 tables available if they close at 9.30 but didn’t really get a response. Another interaction with a different waiter taking our order was also rude, especially when stating one of us was vegan and had a nut allergy. No apology for the poor service and food took ages to arrive too!  
Decided to try here because bored of The Plough. 
Greeted with poor service involving a 20 minute wait to simply order our drinks after being seated at an off-peak time with few other diners. Food quality was below average and my main arrived with the kitchen order paper stuck to the top of my pasta, for which there was no apology or offer to replace - it was assumed this was an acceptable addition to my meal. There are far better Italian offerings within walking distance of this poor example of a restaurant. 
Firstly would just like to say the general set up of the restaurant is great, good location and so big and well designed but that's kind of where it ends. When we arrived (a group of 7) we were seated quickly but told the waitress some of the group only had an hour for lunch so the lunch pronto part of the menu would be good. It took SO long, after 45 minted the waitress came back and said because one of the ladies wanted gluten free pasta it was going to take longer. She really should have said this when initially ordering. Also at that stage we were one of two groups in the restaurant so I really don't understand what took so long. And then when other groups turned up their meals came before ours. Not impressed. The food was also nothing to write home about especially at the price! Very disappointed. This place has so much potential so they really need to step up their game. 
Very disappointed was hoping great things for this place but was extremely disappointed with the food and service. Sadly will not be coming back until I know they have a new chef, I left still hungry after paying 70 quid for 2 people. Much to be improved upon. 
Ordered the meatballs as a starter and they were cold in the middle. They were marked as new on the menu so gave them the benefit of the the dought and ordered a replacement. Second lot of meatballs came out and they were cold too. Getting annoyed I sent them back and ordered a garlic breads thinking they can't mess that up. And they were good with that. But then my Lasagne came out and it had obviously been sat in the oven while my starters were in fiasco. It was like cardboard so that got sent back too. The staff were very good though but they looked like they needed some help. Hmmmmmfffffffff 
Ordered a fish pie 
Went there last night ,food was fine ,atmosphere very stiff,lighting very harsh,pretty unwelcoming .Not many people there and a couple who came in and sat down walked out within minutes . 
Visited for lunch yesterday. My mother ordered the pork roast and made a point of asking for crackling which was on the menu. We also ordered two fish pies. On arrival the pork (very small portion) was minus the crackling as it was then explained they had run out over the weekend! The fish pie was more a potato pie, with 3 prawns... seriously, if you run out of ingredients take the dish off the menu rather than disappoint customers. I'd be very reluctant to recommend this pub. 
Both the service and food were poor. We didn't have to wait for a table but it was unclean and without cutlery which came after the food was served and only when we had asked twice. The drinks took forever and came with the food. 
7 adults 2 children for birthday dinner. Food ok, although quite pricey for a burger and some hard chips. Service was poor even though it wasn't that busy. We were given our main courses but not offered any sauces, when we asked for some we were given 2 tiny pots of ketchup and 1 mayonnaise between 9 of us! Have to ask another 2 times and still were didn't have enough for the dry burgers. Order desserts, which were nice, when I asked for spoons I was told they were "down there" and then had to go and ask for enough spoons for all of us. At no point were we asked if our food was ok, was there anything else we wanted, had to go to the bar to ask for more drinks. Needless to say we didn't leave a tip for service and won't be returning. 
We went to try this new restaurant in chiswick with our daughter and son in law and were very disappointed. 
Called in for food while travelling back from Stanstead Airport. Ordered 3 steak and kidney puddings. Pastry was so hard it was unbelievable, think they had been reheated too much. Drinks were nice though. Definately would not recommend ordering the puddings. 
A meet up with family who had travelled and being near M25 we had a table for 8 not to the standard it was topside beef was left as too tuff (should have sent it back but we did not) just left it , chicken and ham pie was not good hard crust one piece of ham only, think twice about going there again  
Went for lunch.  
A party of 10 of us went today to celebrate a birthday. 
It took three members of staff to actually acknowledge our existance at the reception desk. We were finally shown to our table and handed menus. We noticed the meals served on the table next to us bore no relation to what was on the menu. We asked the waiter and he said that they were the "Chef's specials" but no one had actually told us of their existance nor was there any public sign reflecting this. 
Just reached the hotel after travelling for more than 12 hours for Pearson conference. 
We came for sunday lunch last week. Service took so long that we had had a whole drink before we had to go inside to get a staff member to take our order. Had to get our own cutlery after the waiters both walked away after giving us our food.  
I was absolutely staggered to see the lack of covid-secure policies being implemented and enforced. The staff wear masks... but that's where it ends. 
I had dinner yesterday which is supposed to be business dinner, table booked upstairs and cool gentleman started the service, one lady black hair , I asked her for still water, she said to me ask my colleague, till I went downstairs to ask for water to the manager. 
I visited with two other people. First course was parma ham and artichoke. Minute portion of ham, and about a half an artichoke heart, with far too much greenery. Disappointing. 
I found today's visit very disappointing. Service was abrupt by the lady in the white shirt taking the orders. She needs a refresher in customer service. We were rushed, food was lacking in flavours. I will not return in a hurry.  
I had read good reviews of this place including by some respected columnists so I had expectations of a good meal. I've also visited Singapore many times over many years so know something of the food there and the quality you can expect. I was accompanied by a friend and had booked a table for lunch. 
I really really wish that the food at the Stationhouse was good but it simply isn’t. The menu has certainly improved recently and the salt cod croquettes I had this time were good (not delicious but certainly good). However, the chicken liver parfait was average and served with a slice of pickle, not the ‘cornichons’ advertised on the menu and it didn’t come with enough bread. 
Went with 2 others today. We were waiting for ages to be served even though restaurant was not full. The person who took our order- male (Jacky) was very rude and abrupt. When it was time to pay we wanted to pay separately, he threw the receipt at us and asked us to calculate it ourselves and continued to serve other customers. It’s a shame about the customer service as the food although overpriced was good.  
The menu has changed recently and for £9.95 you can now get a salad the size of your fist. It's made up of tiny shreds of cabbage and apparently beetroot. And put simply, it's a complete rip off.  
Just ate here this afternoon and the overall experience was OK, but the food was poor. 4 of us ordered 3 meat and 1 vegetarian roasts. We waited an hour for food, then what arrived was like a microwave dinner. My turkey was badly presented, dry and disappointing. The rather large Yorkshire pudding was dry at the top and oily at the bottom. My wife's beef was so dry and hard she couldn't cut it. She also found a prawn in her salad. She has an allergy to seafood so thankfully spotted it before eating it otherwise we'd be in A&E now. Our vegetarian friend sent her meal back as she had no level of comfort that meat products weren't in her dish, given my wife's findings. The bar run out of drinks: Orange J2O and tomato juice for bloody marys which was disappointing. The staff were generally helpful and took both dishes off the bill but the kitchen staff clearly need to be replaced. Love the ambience and the garden but never go here for good food! 
The write ups must have been for another restaurant! Everything was below average - service and food. A selection of waiters and having to request service, chopsticks etc. My cha sui pork was cold. The drink I wanted to order when I arrived was 'not in stock'. I wanted a Plum Soda. Prices are way too high for this kind of sub-standard eaterie. I would never return or recommend and I felt dreadful for my friends who were treating me. 
Went with my husband and mother for a Saturday evening meal. Not a great start as we were totally ignored when we walked in and went up to the bar to check in for the table reservation. After the young waitress finished her drink she then decided to seat us. After about 10 mins a waitress finally appeared and asked for our drinks order. Another 15 passed and then she re appeared with our drinks. We then placed our order for food. The food didn't take too long to arrived, compared to the drinks. Food very average and bland. Steak was very fatty. During meal , no one asked if we were OK, or happy, or needed anything. When we finished our meal, our places remained on our table for about 30 mins. My husband called the waitress, and she looked at him in a perplexed way and asked him what he wanted. He said please can you clear the plates. We were going to have a dessert, but the amount of time we had already spent there. We decided no depart. We asked for the bill. Which actually arrived really quickly. But then no one was around to take the card payment. We then decided to pay cash, and still no one around. So my husband took the bill and the cash to the bar. As we didn't want to leave the cash on the table. The barman, looked at my husband is disgust, and just took the bill and the cash out of his hand and said nothing!! Customer service was appaling, food bland and average. Really not worth the visit or the money, would never go again! 
nice looking pub, seemed like a good choice. oh dear. 
Don't you hate it when restaurants act as if authentic Asian food must be spicy? The char kuay teow had most of the correct flavors and ingredients, but was dosed up with masses of chilis, which is not how the dish is meant to be. The nasi lemak had coconut rice and sambal, but the chicken was cooked in some sort of typically British brown gravy that was nothing like it is in Malaysia. 
Moved away from Enfield 15 years ago and used this place as a meet up with family as used to go and was always great. Was very dissapointed with service and food. Complete let down. When booking was told exactly where our table would be only to find it in a different location which was not as nice. Felt like our party of 15 ages 20-85 was a problem as I think they are just used to 2-4 diners at one order. Out bill was almost £300 in total could have, and will spend this elsewhere in future. 
Great pub, however barman was extremely rude when I ordered a pint of peroni shandy and got charged £5.40 and I asked why it's the same price as a pint of peroni. 'It doesn't make sense to you, it doesn't make sense to us' was the response from the deadpan barman. Beer is clearly more expensive than lemonade, don't let them rip you off. 
We visit the restaurant on Sunday evening for a family dinner. We were told to chose a table and sit down. The waitresses were polite but this was the only thing good about the meal. We ordered a steak, a roast turkey, burger and salmon. The portion size was way too small. The steak came and was tiny with a little dish of chips, £15.95 worth it definitely was not. The roast was missing some of the elements such as the stuffing and very little veg, 3 tiny slices of carrot. The salmon was barely hot and only just cook with some of the veg missing, and to be honest everything about the fish dish was tasteless.  
Service not very good consider there was only about five people sitting outside and no one inside....... And expensive over £5 a pint!!!! All designer beers no ordinary staples. Will not be returning! 
Visited for lunch on a weekday. Ordered sandwiches as we didn't want a cooked meal. Not much choice for snacks or for fillings. Ordered tuna and , having waited for about 15 minutes, waitress returned to say they had "run out of tuna". This at just after 12.00 midday? My son had ordered a sausage and bacon sandwich and she had to check she had got this right. I had a pot of tea which barely contained one cup let alone a refill. Very expensive for what it was, Maybe they do better at cooked meals and not strong on snacks? Whatever, service very slow and hardly anyone else in there. Would hate to be there when busy. Unlikely though as we definitely wont be returning! 
Me and my family visited here for Fathers Day earlier this evening, I was greatly disappointed in the service as towards the end of the night our table felt slightly 'abandoned.'  
Only recently did I discover this fairly new establishment on Chiswick High Road. From the exterior, the establishment looks nice with the flowers on either side of the shop and hiding the exterior tables from passers-by. Inside the tables are set out in a manner that is not too cramped, there is a certain ambience with the interior that is not over brightly lit but feels warm. The first time I visited, I was delivered menus by the new owner Sammy who appeared happy to be serving new customers.  
Booked well in advance for mother day. Arrived and were seated at reserved table. Waited 20mins and eventually had to get the waitresses attention to order our food. We order 3 roasts. (Fairly Standard order for Mothers day) It took 1 hr for the food to arrive. I must add that it wasn't all that busy. The Food was nice but the Beef roast was blue (Extra rare). Once we had finished the main we ordered deserts. We waited another 40 minutes for the desert. It total we were in there 2.5hrs which isn't ideal when you have 2 kids under 3.  
A busy Saturday night at this pub restaurant saw 6 of us sit down just after 7 and take around 3 hours over a 3 course dinner - service was noticeably slow - you're overstretching yourselves. 
I went there years ago and was not impressed with the place.  
So I have been coming here for years for breakfast - because it's an awesome Sunday indulgence. The full English is great. Bagels, pancakes and great veggie food too. And, normally, perky funny helpful service. But something's gone horribly wrong. The service from the scowling lady actually made me ask if I had said or done something to provoke it. It generated a passive-aggressive shrug and a mean sneer. I'm never coming back, which, after a decade of visiting this place, is sad.  
Went for brunch. It was quite strange! Sleepy music, awkward atmosphere, awful milkshakes and disappointing food. 
Visited 31/08/16. Ordered two still waters, a chicken escalope and a burger. Took about 30 minutes for the bottles of water to be plonked down in front of us (after having to remind staff twice), and about another 10 minutes to be actually served food. 
I called in to the Hothouse Cafe for some takeaway lunch recently, drawn in by a busy cafe with happy customers and what looked like great food. Sadly I was really disappointed with what I received. I ordered some soup to take away and at £3.95 I expected something which would equate to a bowl of soup but after waiting quite a while my order was packed away swiftly into a paper bag. When I got back to work I saw I'd been given my soup in a takeaway coffee cup. Surely this is not the norm? While it was tasty it was certainly not worth £3.95 for such a little amount. Very poor value for money I'm afraid. 
We visited the Robin Hood today and it has really deteriorated from the last time we went. Bar staff looked as though they'd be sacked if they cracked a smile, waitresses looked weary and overworked and the woman who I presume was the manager was extremely curt and sour faced. Sunday lunch was not advertised and when we asked if there was a Sunday dinner menu, we were told there wasn't, but the waitress rattled off the Sunday dinner options, but didn't enlighten us as to the price or what came with the roast. The meal was cold, and although we were given out desserts free of charge, I'd rather have paid and got a hot meal. Won't we wasting any more money there.  
Had lunch to day at Robin Hood Pub, we were greeted by Manager and shown to our table, Menus and Special Menus handed out, drinks order taken. Starters and Main meals arrived prompty and we're very good, sadly after this the service experience went to pot!! None of the waitresses who passed our table offered to replenish our drinks. After our plates were finally cleared away again no offer of more drinks or deserts. Their priority seemed to be wiping down tables and setting them out for new customers, however by this stage the resturant was virtually empty, when we were eventually offered to look at the dessert menu we had already passed the idea as it was now about 40 mins since our plates had been cleared. 
Mediocre food. Commercial radio playing advertisements. Coffee was blah. Very disappointing given reviews.  
Seems to have downhill over the past year or so. 
My rating is based on the hidden t's and c's when it came to pay.  
Reading other reviews flags up staff issues. 4 customers in when we came today (Sunday) for brunch. Called ahead to see if we could use tastecard, they said yes on the phone but miserable waitress said, no, can't use it and said it was managers fault for confusing staff. 20 minute wait, cold beans, cold sausage, cold bacon, warm egg. Left without eating after getting look of discust from waitress who was more interested in her own meal. 
stopped off here and had a meal for 2. The wife had lasagne meal which was fine. I had a chicken/bacon burger meal which tasted fine but at £9.25 it came out as a pretty pathetically sized burger with about a dozen chips...a little bit of the various salads listed on the menu were inserted in the small burger. It looked promising on the menu...but wont be going back here when passing again. 
Food was good, but when the bill came they didn't consider the offer on the menu. After pointing the mistake out they came back with a revised bill, higher then before! The excuse was that they did not consider a 12.5% of service o.o never going back again, dishonesty is the one thing that I cannot stand. 
I have been twice to the hot house now. Both times the service was slow, even though they only had two other tables. 
I went there today for a meeting. The atmosphere was nice but a service was not too brilliant. I ordered a green tea and they given me an English breakfast tea. I was disappointed. I would not recommend it.  
Visited last night with 2 girl friends (we are all waitresses so know exactly what to expect) and was less than impressed with the service standards. Girl behind the bar was so grumpy, made us feel like we were a bother when ordering food. It was only when my friend made a comment about her attitude she perked up a bit. We were unable to start a tab because they were afraid that people would run off, there were about 3 tables outside. Wish we could have started a tab because would not have paid full price for the food we received! The restaurant was very quiet last night therefore cannot understand why service so bad. Starters came quickly and were very nice, when we finished we were not cleared for a good 10-15 minutes even though multiple waitresses walked past and looked at our empty’s. Over 30 minutes later our main meals arrived which were lukewarm. It is clear that they had been standing for a while and we had been forgotten about. We were too hungry to get up and complain. Nobody came back out to check back to ask if our meals were ok. Finally, when we had finished our plates were cleared without so much as a smile, and again we were not asked how our meals were. Let me tell you they were below average and lukewarm! I have visited before and received much better service and food standards. It is no longer a pleasure to visit the Robin Hood and we will not be returning any time soon. 
I visited the Robin Hood with my boyfriend. My boyfriend comes regularly to this part of London on business trips and usually eats in the restaurant of the royal chace but he fancied a bit of a change so we visited Robin Hood. From the outside the restaurant looked lovely. However, the food and the service did not match up to the standards we had expected. 
One of the worst restaurant/pub experience in my 5 years in London. 
Eight of us for our yearly catch-up with old friends. Some have reported excellent dining experiences here but the offerings on their Friday night Xmas menu lacked attention. Particularly disappointed with the crispy roast parsnips, (they could have inflicted severe stab wounds) and surprised the charcoaled “pigs in blankets” didn’t crack the plate. Friendly staff and no problems with the rest of the meal. Guess we caught them on a bad day. 
Where to start, unable to cope with busy periods at event times. Staff were rude and unwelcoming, food flavours were good but all came Luke warm or close to cold.  
Went with friends for lunch on a Sunday - had the buffet and ordered a few dishes from the a la carte menu. Service was friendly and good but food was definitely nothing special. Very limited and poor selection on buffet table and food was not of high quality or well cooked. Have had much better in many other places which cost less !!! 
I've been to Cabana before and loved the food so was really excited to go before seeing the Spice Girls. They were super busy but that was to be expected. Our drinks took ages and we did have to ask a couple of times where they were. I ordered the chicken skewers with chips and coconut rice. Chips were OK, the rice had way too much coconut in and the chicken was as dry as anything. I ate it as I was starving and knew I wouldn't get the chance to have anything else. The food was just really disappointing and it's put me off ever going to a Cabana restaurant again.  
The staff were friendly and efficient but the food was very poor. My husband and I both had a roast lamb dinner. It was well presented but the lamb tased slightly odd, there was no discernible cheese in the caulifrower cheese and the gravy was dull as dishwater. we were unable to finish our meals which is most unusual for us. It was also overpriced. 
The flavours were good but in the Sizzle Seafood I only got 3 shrimp, 3 muscles which were not cleaned of the “beard” and about 6 small pieces of squid with lots of peppers and onions. It did not fill me up though I was expecting more food since my colleagues told me the portions were large. Well next week, I will try lunch for £8.50 instead maybe get my money’s worth next week. ??????? 
I ate in this restaurant while staying at this hotel last weekend. 
To start with the place is cold, better heating is needed. The toilets were dirty and covered in graffiti, we had a drink downstairs and then dinner upstairs, the service was rather surly and the food disappointing, the Pizzas in particular were soggy and the prices were higher than expected for this quality and location (Acton). All in all one to avoid, better options exist west in Ealing or East in Shepherds Bush. 
My husbands meal had to be returned as the chicken was served raw on the inside. They knocked it off the bill & offered to cook another but I wouldn’t rush back.  
Stopped for lunch, service slow and disinterested. Ordered drinks during the meal and chased them twice but never arrived. When we got the bill they asked if we still wanted them, I asked how long they would be and she said ‘long’, no apology. Food was lukewarm and every table around us was having the same sort of issues. 
Food was not coming out of the kitchen waited over 2 hours for mains and eventually left for our concert with no food. I felt sorry for the front of house staff as not their fault, they should be trained to handle these kind of situations instead of customer avoidance. We were all looking forward to the meal as one of the group said they had a great meal there previously. 
Poor quality food, I know it’s advertised as street food but I literally could have got something more appetising out of the bin! A salad which consisted of a few kale leaves. A chopped chilli. Some rock 
We visited Cabana on a Sunday evening at 8pm, and we were very disappointed with what 'could have been' a good experience. 
My wife enjoyed her curry but my chicken skewer was a little over done, got our sides wrong and took an age to rectify. When we asked for the bill twice it never came then they eventually brought with a 12.5% service charge on it! Needless to say we asked for this to be removed! 
"I've been twice and, I remember from the first occasion, that the food was good, but a little expensive with service rather slow. I tried again last night (a Sunday) and, after being shown to one of the several free tables, waited and waited for someone to take our order. We noted that several other tables were also sat without drinks, looking around to try and attract someone's attention. In the end, we gave up.  
Nice people serving but order was wrong, needed constant reminding, food was cold when it arrived. Match day is where they make their money but need to up their game. Won’t return.  
Was in the area for a show at the arena, so booked at Cabana to try something new. On arrival we were shown a table to sit at and as we made our way through the tightly packed tables the waitress disappeared. She eventually returned to take our drinks order. We ordered a couple of cocktails, which took a little while to come out, then we ordered our food of a starter to share and a main each. We were caught off guard when our starter came out almost immediately, so we assumed we were going to have a good meal. The starter was good and then our mains came out in a decent time and these too were good, but this is where the good times ended.  
Always eat at the same restaurants when i stay overnight so thought id try something different. Wont be making that mistake again! Chicken wings were under cooked,cold and rubbery. Service was slow and it was only me easting! 
Do yourself a favour... make the couple steps extra and go to Nandos what it’s located upstairs ... where to even start .. the waitress don’t had interested do the job what so ever ...happy hours policy it’s super strange .... same as ordering the sides .. and she don’t even try ... food it’s self.. flavours meh.. kind of home bbq party.. part Burnt, dry .... well what I can say more, do I’ll return ? ... without doubt .. no thank you ..  
We visited here for dinner the weekend before Halloween and the service was awful. It was slow to begin with, drinks took ages to come and it wasn't busy. The worst part was all the staff had dressed up for Halloween and all decided to abandon their tables for over 5 minutes to take several staff photos. There was one poor girl who didn't go in the photo and carried on doing her job and was trying to serve lots of people. As a result it took forever to get our, the table to the left of us were waiting for ages to get desserts ordered and to the right it took ages for someone to send back their cold food. We won't be back. 
Loved the idea of mixing classic English breakfast with Egyptian Meze... 
What has happened to this lovely restaurant ? The authentic Italian food and hospitality ?  
We were going to watch England v Montenegro game so took a chance on this place as it was so busy. Got seated very quickly and our order was taken shortly afterwards. I ordered the grilled chicken with some sort of sauce, tbh even tasting it I couldn’t determine what it was. I also asked for the coconut slaw. I just love coconut flavour. However, there was absolutely no taste to it. The sweet potato fries were very good. The waitress was lovely and addressed my disappointment and the main meal was deducted from the bill. I really wasn’t looking for that. I expected flavour, big flavour but it didn’t come close. They could do better but have a captive audience so don’t really need to try hard. Shame. Not somewhere I would rush back to.  
Arrived with plenty of time to spare before the event started so was looking forward to  
Our first time to Cabana LDO, the place was relatively empty and yet we were still made to wait 20 minutes before we were asked for our food and drink order. My two kids had items from the kids menu, namely,the fried chicken option, the fried chicken is about 5-6 very small pieces, smaller than a nugget of chicken clearly not enough food for my 7 year old. The fried chicken and bun is exactly the same but served with a bun. My 3 yr old struggled putting the small chicken bits in the bun, as they kept falling out.  
A good atmosphere but the waitress was terrible - no hello, no thank you, no good bye. Seriously need some hospitality training. The salmon tasted out of date - but disguised by the spices, and the drinks are over priced. 
We had not been to this restaurant for a while and were very disappointed with the food.  
Not a quality food. I consider it below average and is not recommended to go and eat. It is mostly fast food Chinese.  
The Casa Mia is a typical restaurant of the outer London suburbs. It caters for people who want a pleasant atmosphere and convenience. Discerning 'foodies' should know better and make the effort to go into London.  
Regular diner in this area. Good is ok although service fairly poor. My second visit in a month when you're given a table and then forgotten...  
Visited due to an advertised offer of 2 for 1 on chicken skewer mains (when ordered with two sides). Overall food was alright, not much chicken on the skewers. Would not go back if having to pay the full price, may consider going back with the offer, but unlikely as Nandos is just 3 minutes walk away. What was better than nando's was the size and variety of the side dishes. Service was also not great as many tables end up queuing by the card machine as the bill was taking a crazy long time to arrive. Rated poor based on overall experience, but would say the food was a high average. 
Food was okay and the service is always confused. Bringing food to the wrong tables and drinks that weren’t ordered. That happens to all tables next to us. 
Casa Mia is a Hatch End institution and still packs them in on a Saturday night. Its menu hasn't changed in years and is comfortingly familiar to its largely older clientele.  
I've been with my friend for a quick lunch around 1 a clock on Monday, we choose to sit outside, I've ordered straight to a member of staff inside the restaurant and we take a sit on the terrace, Drinks arrived after 10 min and food after 25 min , I've order chicken wings what they were not Cooked properly,They were about 5 member of staff and none of them came to check back if my food was ok ?! The chips and coconut slaw were very nice I could say , I went inside the restaurant to ask for someone to tell what happend with my meal , Ive asked for the bill and manager came to me with the 20% discount and he apologise to me what was fair, I'll not return there for sure !! 
This really was one of the worst expierences ever, we understand that it is a very busy restaurant especially when events are on, would of expected to have been able to cope with this, to wait 20 mins to be asked would we like a drink, then wait 15 minutes for them, when food came was like warm & wrong, asked for another beer & jug of water, water came but no beer, had cheek to put service charge on bill, had no service at all! 
Service started off ok but deteriorated quite rapidly. Prawns burnt so had to leave one as that one was inedible. Beans arrived well after everything else was finished. Kids meal dessert was almost forgotten and delivered after asking for the bill. A spilled drink took a very long time to get attention to clear up in fact one person saw it happen then walked off in another direction. No one asked if meal ok. Getting the bill took ages too despite there being a lot of staff busy doing cutlery or something but not focussing in clients. No toilet paper in the toilets. 
Having been Assistant and Deputy Manager at a busy high street Restaurant for 7 years, i never really like to write a bad review but this was something else.  
They do a set lunch which is very reasonable...gets busy with travellers and students. 
My wife and I visited impromptu on a Monday evening after work for a supper treat. As is Hatch End it was relatively busy, even for a Monday night. We have never eaten in Casa Mia but as locals we have eaten in most of the restaurants in the area. Sadly, we will not be eating here again. The food - both the starters and the mains was simply not good (particularly for the price); I ordered grilled salmon which was bland, overcooked and the accompanying sides were dry and greasy, and the house wine was shocking (and warm). I asked for the wine to be changed, and was met by a puzzled and defensive waitress stating "it was cold". I had the first glass changed - mildly colder (room temperature); the second I had to ask for an ice cube to bring down to temperature.  
Felt uncomfortable on the chairs, and the staff made me feel like that too. 
Lovely food but lots of waiting. 1 hour outside for a table...then we were asked to share a table...then such a long wait for dessert we were keen to leave as already been sat there for 1.5hours (2.5hours in total of my life gone!) Needs a good manager for the very hard worked staff who look worked to the bone. 
Went here before going to an event at Wembley Stadium and had an awful time. The queue to get in was one of the shortest so I gave it a go as I had my your daughter with me. Once inside we were on a cramped table with very little space. Our waiter was very quick at coming to get our order but that was the last we saw of him for over half an hour! Drinks took ages to arrive. My daughters starter came out after other people around us had got theirs and ordered after us and then our mains got forgotten and the manager had to come over and explain that they were just putting them through 50 minutes after sitting down! I understand that it is busy due to events as I've been to many there and eaten at a good few of the restaurants there but never have I had this much poor service. Our waiter just seemed to hide away and had I not complained I'm sure I would have still been charged full price for the food despite having to keep asking for updates and getting no reply from any staff. Even a small request for ketchup was ignored and I had to ask 3 different people! I won't be returning here anytime soon and will happily wait longer in a queue to get in somewhere else I know will have better service. 
Italian restaurant with far too much on the menu (that should always be a give away- no restaurant paying business rates inside the M25 can carry that amount of stock & be a)fresh & b) profitable Food was less than average. Starters & mains were pitifully bland & tasteless- there was no seasoning or flavour what so ever. Just plates of food tasting of nothing I'm afraid. In terms of presentation' it was like going back in time 20+ years.However, astonishingly so, the restaurant was busy so if you like fairly bland food then I guess this is the restaurant for you. To be fair, this restaurant has a great lunchtime offering of 2 courses for around £12. For lunch, this is perfectly acceptable & the food would be perfectly acceptable for a lunch & the restaurant does have a nice atmousphere however, at full Dinner prices, the food is simply is not good enough.  
The hot and sour soup was good: full of flavour and nicely spicy. The mee goreng was sub-par: it was spicy (good), but apart from that it did not have much flavour. Using chilliest as the only source of taste does not work well, and yet many of the lower quality oriental restaurants seem to think it does. A pity. Also, I have had very good Indonesian mee goreng, but I don't care much for this version, which seemed Chinese. The worst aspect was the service: we had a grumpy, impolite waiter, who had no patience for my wife's questions, while the restaurant was quite empty and several other waiters were around.  
What a difference 12 months has made! As annual visitor's to the area we always looked forward to our special visit to this restaurant so very disappointed this time with average food and no attention to detail with the service.  
Walked into very noisy packed room- sat at table so close to others that you couldn't move your chair and waiters could not reach to put your food down- was so noisy you could not talk to those on your table- food was very tasty and wine good but an exhausting night out! 
It serves "English" type (i.e. a poor comparison) Chinese food - i.e. sweet & sour dishes with that bright orange gluey sauce. (MSG?) The only "cultural" similarity was our misfortune to sit next to three Chinese gentlemen who indulged in the habit of slurping their food & talking with their mouths full of food. It wasn't expensive (for London) but none of us ate more than 1/2 of what was served up & we only ordered one dish each & shared rice. 
Having not eaten, I can't comment on the food. The ambience and cleanliness was fantastic and the door staff were very friendly, but the biggest let down was the bar. 
We couldn´t hear each other while eating at Cabana and we really needed to talk. Don´t go there if you want to be able to relax and talk with your friends.  
We visited in July 2015. Staff were uninterested from the beginning, no polite greeting and no hep given when asked for advice on wine choice - avoid the house white, it's like vinegar, we left most of the bottle. Service was dreadful, when I asked what comes with Lasagne (perhaps salad) the waitress said "nothing!" in her loudest voice! It bordered on rude - we should have walked out then but had eaten there before so thought the food might make up for the lack of service, The food - Lasagne (with NOTHING!!!) & chicken dish were ok, nothing exciting really. We were generally ignored once food arrived so trying to get another beer was very hard work! The bill here always has service charge included - that idea is so old fashioned & presumptuous; a service charge warrants good service. Will not ever return there. Restaurants like Casa Mia are relying on their longevity in Hatch End/Pinner but customers, especially locals, are beginning to realise that they are being taken for granted; I think this owners should realise that also and stop trading on the "family business" and show their customers a little more respect - nothing lasts forever! 
The heading says it all. The food was nice and arrived promptly. The bottle of prosecco arrived after we finished our food (despite chasing the rude and uninterested waiting staff a few times). Then as we were about to leave, the tap water arrived (presumably they shipped it in from Brazil). The chef is being let down big time but the useless waitresses/waiters.  
Seems like they just weren't aware of the conference at the arena. Tonnes of spare tables. But really awful service, maybe not enough staff on? Waited an hour for food. Mains came before starter. Then told  
The staff did not even offer a smile, we had the set four course meal. I had to ask what the food was, to which I was given a one word answer. They seemed to plonk every course on the table, hoping you will just eat and leave. Didn't give a tip although I hardly ever leave without giving one. All a pity as the food was excellent. 
Food portions were small and pork I had was dry. Overall not at all impressed and would not recommend it.  
I've been to Casa Mia many times, which is located on the busy and prosperous high street of Hatch End. At the beginning when we came it was like a dream, with the wonderful outside and inside décor, friendly and welcoming staff and owner and good tasting food. We visited on the weekend however and I believe the quality has dropped a little... 
The food was pretty good. Would've have given 4-5 star but the service was very poor. We ordered a normal coke, and received a diet coke. Upon asking for them to check what was given we were told the coke had run out (why not tell us in the first place so we can order something else?). We also had a long wait for the bill (around 25 minutes). A couple near us asked the same waitress for the bill and got it within 2/3 minutes. I was unhappy with the service so pressed no to the tip, but it kept coming back with an error - so I was actually forced to pay a tip! Will be going elsewhere next time as the service definitely outweighed the food. 
Went for lunch midweek. Only one other table occupied however service was slow and surly. Not a smile in sight. Pizza was terrible, soggy base and tasteless. One soft drink and pizza main came to £18. Poor value too 
When you go to a local restaurant on a Saturday night before Christmas and it is not full ,you know this is not going to be good.There was no atmosphere and no manager to create it,just an old waiter who was exhausted and past his prime and the food was the same,I had not been to this restaurant for many years and boy it has gone downhill ,my wife veal chop had to go back it was as tough as old boots and I witnessed other diners sending back plates of food. Altogether not a good dining experience. 
I have eaten in this restaurant five times in the last few years. The first three experiences were fantastic with excellent food and service. In the forth visit, the food was excellent but the young male server was quite rude. The fifth and last time I dined here was at least a year later (last month) and the same server was exceptionally rude and unprofessional. I left the restaurant after the starter. I discovered the nearby Byron Hamburgers restaurant which turned out to be a good thing! 
Ate here as part of a group of about 10. They clearly struggled to keep up - but if you can't cope then please don't take the booking. It took quite some persistence even to get the first drink. Same experience with all food and drink we ordered and usually something failed to turn up. Some of the meat eaters were happy with their food but for a veggie it seemed to be gloopy and over-salted vegetables. I woke up hourly during that night owing to my intense thirst. Pity as the reviews were good and the restaurant was busy. Perhaps we were unlucky. 
I came here with a group of friends around the ages 16/17 and the staff came across very rude and we was treated very badly. I must say it was especially the women waitresses that came across this way. As soon as I came in the door was broken which is fine but there was a sign saying ‘don’t touch this door’ on the wrong door so I didn’t realise and opened the ‘broken’ door and a woman waitress comes up to me and says ‘can you not see the sign? Do I need to make it clearer’ in a very degrading/sarcastic tone. Then there was about 5 people bringing us food and it was just shambles and they clearly didn’t communicate with each other very well. The actual food was nice however we politely asked for things such as sauces and water which felt like we were pushing it / asking for too much because of the attitudes from the staff. Never coming back to this restaurant, I know we’re ‘just a bunch of teens’ but I still think we should be treated with a level of respect and decency as we are paying for it. 
Lovely food and nice staff BUT too many tables added for the evg. We have been here many times but did not enjoy last night. Surely it was against all safety laws to have so many people crammed. Come on Tony. You must consider you customers otherwise you won't have a business much longer. We will never go on New Years again. 
Avoid in December the owner has crammed in so many tables it was most unpleasant; stifling hot and so noisy you could not possibly talk to other diners at your table. The waitresses could not move down the tables so everything had to be passed down as everyone was so crammed together. The food was fine but you will have a much more enjoyable evening if you get a take away and have friends round ! 
Let us tell you how celebrations for the New Year 2014 at Casa Mia has left us feeling. 
We went for Father's Day and were disappointed with all the food. The calamari was chewy and the batter not crispy, the tomatoes on the bruschetta were tasteless, the pasta was over-cooked - in particular the porcini mushroom pesto tagliatelle tasted more of tomato than mushrooms and the pizzas were average. All the food was poorly presented. No butter on the table. Service was good to start but went downhill when the restaurant became busier. Not good value for money - especially if you're drinking wine! Not going back. 
Ordered our drinks and food.. we had one starter so assumed it would just come out with the mains... 40 minutes later nothing! We asked twice were our food was as the 2 tables either side of us came in after us and already had theirs.. can’t fault the food but the service was terrible. We even had to ask for the bill twice? It wasn’t that busy and there was plenty of staff... Would happily go to the one at The o2 but not the Wembley one... no way! Sorry!  
The food was bland, dull and grossly overpriced. You would be better off at any number of cheap Italian chains, which might not be great, but at least serve acceptable food at a reasonable price. Casa Mia has no pride or passion in what they do, and they seem happy to trot out the most basic and tasteless poor-quality Italian food and ludicrous prices. The service is poor...expect to pour your own wine...but at least the decor and atmosphere is OK. I would avoid at all costs. 
Service was very friendly but the food was disappointing.  
Went on a Friday evening. Service was good although the same can't be said for the food. Had the lamp cutlets. 3 rather small chops. No sauce or gravy. Deep fried sauté potatoes that if thrown with force would surely cause damage they were that hard. Honestly not very good value and below par for Hatch End. 
We dined at this restaurant as we were staying at a hotel nearby, and prices looked reasonable for London, most meals around the £10 mark. This is a very basic looking, small, simple restaurant, so don't expect any atmosphere, there is none, not even music. The dining area looks more like an eating area for a rest home than a restaurant. You can't even tell it's part of a larger hotel apart from a tiny napkin with the hotel logo on it, which at first I thought they nicked. Customers are almost exclusively Chinese (or from Singapore), so guess that is good sign given the food was very good. 
We ate here when staying in the area. Found the food quite plain service was poor. Food came out quickly bit that was the only good thing. Won't eat here again. 
Food was okay. Service was terrible! We asked for 3 things and got ignored every time. The waiters were rude and the atmosphere was not up to standard  
Food was alright, the service was poor. I feel like the waiters thought we were a bore. To add a service charge on top was a bit cheeky, it’s definitely somewhere I won’t be coming weekly. 
Good Italian food, decor a little dated but my main problem- the day we visited was the waiting staff sitting on the bar counter, a real turn off! have not been back since. 
The food was fine but service was poor. Quite rude waitress. Surely the manager can find better staff or is the manager incompetent? Maybe the hotel personnel department are inadequate. Will not visit again. 
I went to cabana Wembley after a concert at about 22:30 and ordered the avocado burger which had a very thin, dry and burnt patty inside. The water then had something in it,maybe salt or something I’m not too sure but to the point that me and my friends had to spit it out. The fries were really good though and so was the slaw!!  
Decided to try their £10 Sunday lunch buffet, I would not recommend it. The management should just drop this menu and self a la-carte only. 
Meal average except kebabs were like bullets. 
We've visited Casa Mia before and enjoyed the food and especially the unique design of the interior which has been built to give the impression that you are eating outside. This was one of the pluses for us.  
I went there with my family after a football game. My families food was good and was all correct but mine and my boyfriends food was not what we ordered and wasn’t cooked right . Then when we finally got our food the waitress spilled coke all over me ... wouldn’t go there again  
Having eaten here a number of times a few years ago we looked forward to going back this week. Alas the service was shambolic in the extreme, to the extent that I couldn't tell you what the food was like. 
My wife and I took our son out for dinner, as he is studying at Wembley Stadium, along with his girlfriend. 
Took my kids there tonight as I didn't feel like cooking. We usually have a good meal but tonight we waited a long time (even though it was relatively empty), only to be served kids burgers in burnt buns and a tasteless spiced chickpea with padron peppers and courgettes 'bowl'. I didn't want to send the burgers back as it was getting late for the kids. I'm not sure what the chef was thinking of, sending food of that quality out. Or maybe it was the chef's night off. Waitresses were nice. We won't be going there again on a Monday night. 
OMG never has such bad service... 
Arrived late Saturday afternoon prior to attending a show at the sse arena. Staff were pleasant and polite. Menu not the most extensive but we both found something to go for. My partner had salad topped with spiced chicken which was not the best of cuts of meat. I had ribs which quite lacking for the money and arrived suspiciously quickly like they had been pre cooked and heated up. Not very impressed with quality or quantity! Shall not be returning. 
... we used to love Rubio, pizza and beats, but sadly not the same place any more. Breakfast was quite ordinary and for that too expensive. Service seriously lacking attention. Sadly in the future we will not return...... 
Sorry Cabana whilst we cannot fault the service we felt really disappointed with the food we received today. The chicken was dry, the halloumi was cold, the cheese balls were like lead and the beer was warm. We got the impression that the food had been pre-cooked so that you could give quick service when the tables filled up after the rugby match. Will try another Cabana at some point but will not be back to this one any time soon. 
Food was late, cold and undercooked. I ordered a steak sandwich medium. It arrived 40 minutes later - cold and rare. Drinks were late, but tasted fine. 
Just got back from Rubio and felt I had to report what has happened. I took my young son in for an after school pizza. As we walked in, the waitress ignored us so we seated ourselves. Menus came over and we placed our order. When the drinks arrived, my sparkling water came in a huge litre bottle. When I asked for a smaller bottle, I was informed that a litre was the smallest size they did, so I ended up with a glass of tap water. Food was very good, however somewhat ruined by the noisy argument that the waitress had with her father in the restaurant for the duration of our meal. I was particularly upset to hear the 'f' word being used loudly in front of my young son. We didn't get any further service once our food arrived so we quickly finished up and got up to pay our bill at the till. No thank you or goodbye from the waitress. Not a feel good experience. 
Our second visit, the first was excellent. 
Upon arrival a friend and I sat down and was told straight away to move as the table was reserved- ok fine, we found another seat. The waitress found us and dumped the menus on our table and walked away- no hello or welcome.  
Went in for a bite to eat after a gig. 
Such a disappointing lunch today! We work around the corner and haven’t been to The Bollo for over a year because the food, in the past, has been very average for what you pay. However, with the sunshine during the last few months we were looking for a different outdoor space for lunch and thought we’d try The Bollo again.  
The pie is a stew with a puff pastry lid, which although being a reasonable flavour was a rather watery and contained several bay leaves and other inedible herb twigs. I may just have been unlucky, but I would have expected the kitchen to take more care in preparing their food. I know I would. I motioned it to the waitress, who referred me to the manager who clearly thought that it was acceptable to serve disappointing food and had no interest in remedying the situation.  
My local pub, which we loved going but these days it's a let down. 
Food was quite good but we waited 2 hours to eat in a near empty restaurant. Rating reflects the wait time. Honestly, not sure if I would have been that keen on the food if it had arrived on time 
Went to the Bugis Street Brasserie for a Sunday buffet. Price was reasonable and the staff friendly enough but the food was disappointing, poor selection and the quality not what we had hoped for. 
Was very disappointed with the experience, as some friends had recommended this chain; however upon my visit this week I frankly can say that I will not be coming back. I waited quite a while for the food for me and my baby, and it finally arrived was very cold, poorly served (presentation wise) and my meat was veryyyy pink (which I dont like). The 2 actual stars herewith given are for the drinks which were very nice (mojitos)... As I ordered a 'fajita like' it never occurred to me that the meat could come under-cooked and them being the experts then should ask customers for their preferences, if they know this can happen, and my baby's menu, my God... totally tasteless and extra cold! It seemed like it was cooked days before. Loads and loads to improve! Not impressed at all...  
Just returned from brunch on New Year's Day. Can't think of anything positive to say. How anyone could make such a hash of a simple bacon, egg and sausage is beyond me. The menu also stipulates that you can't have the full english without also ordering a starter(?) and a dessert(!!!). Bizarre. We haven't been to the Bollo for a while as our last experience wasn't great either. Suffice to say we won't be returning. 
Haven eaten this all over the world was expecting a little bit better. Dried up rice, next to no chicken, prawns etc and the fired egg resembled something that got cooked under the heat lamps. 
One of those places that is always bit empty, you ask for a table and they make a big show about have you booked etc etc, and then its still not full at the end of the night. I live in Chiswick so i have been here at least 4 times in the past year and everytime i hate it. I have to get pursuaded but now its my last definately. The service is so poor, i have to stand staring at the two waiters on staff talking about a random pub in Richmond. Every time we get ignored, every time it takes 15 minutes to get a drink and every time the waiters are bored. I ask for a mocktail, they say no, i have to plead with them to ask the bar staff if anything is possible, 20 minutes later a non-alc mojito arrives, lovely, so i ask another. nope gets forgotten. Food is very average, they do, or used to, offer a huge roast option on a Sunday which apparently is good but everything i've had including starters/deserts is rubbish. Ignore this place, there's better ones round the corner, and ones that dont make you hit yourself when trying to get in the bathroom door. 
We booked well in advance, a group of 5 that also ordered well in advance for a work team lunch / dinner. 
Both dinners arrived cold which is always a worry when eating chicken, when the food reappeared it was luke warm, colsaw was on the turn, really disappointing, we were given 10% discount however that’s not really the point and still cost £60 for a shoddy meal, on a plus side the waiting staff were helpful, otherwise the rating would have been even lower 
We arrived at the restaurant about 4pm ahead of seeing Jack Whitehall. At the time the restaurant was not very busy, only 2 or 3 tables. 
They didn’t have nothing in that we actually wanted, it was like they couldn’t be bothered with their job. 
Tried the Station House for a light family lunch. The food at usual London high prices was very disappointing. Soggy pizza and bland kids pasta. Kids portions ridiculously small. Not nearly enough for a six year old girl let alone older kids. Request for a little bit extra refused without paying again - for a tiny portion of plain pasta with some tomato sauce. At which point friendly service turned abruptly rude rather than helpful. Pay up or get out was the message so we left with a bad taste in the mouth both literally and metaphorically. Avoid!  
I asked for a plain burger, all they could offer me was one with a cheese & bacon top for £12:95 (to be confirmed)  
Was there for Sunday lunch.....ordered the chicken and it was inedible. A Sunday chicken lunch does not consist of two emaciated drumsticks, undercooked with pink flesh, nearly raw vegetables except for the few roasted ones. Efforts were made to make it look good but that was impossible. Never again....avoid this place. Service was nice but that was poor compensation. 
been only once found over priced for what it was. I'm very fussy so don't let me put you off. Enjoy! 
We had booked this restaurant for a family birthday celebration, and had heard good reviews for the restaurant. We managed to get a booking for a Saturday evening at 7.00pm. After sitting down and being given menus, we had to wait for over 20 minutes to even order, and the staff said they could only take drink orders. Once we finally managed to order our food, we were delighted with the options available for vegetarians and the food was actually very nice.  
Lovely staff and nice settings, but came here for dinner on a Saturday and was very disappointed with the food. The fish and chips I could have been sitting in a weatherspoons. The risotto was completely inedible and had to send it back.  
This place is a complete shambles  
Firstly the service is what you would expect from a large chain restaurant when busy they are happy to get you seated then you wait along time to order a drink and food as they all seem busy running here there and everywhere except to your table. 
1.Waited a long time for a drinks order to be taken.  
My husband and I have been going to the Bollo about twice a month for the last 4 years and loved the food and the atmosphere - that is until the recent refurb and change in ownership and chef. We went there early in September and were very disappointed. Gone are the 2 for 1 main course deals on Monday's and the quiz nights. The new decor was fine but on balance I preferred the warmth of the red paint, the big sofas,the mirrors and the feeling of cosiness and individuality of the Bollo. The food was more expensive - I paid £17 for what was just a leg of rabbit and beans. Previously nothing was over £15 and the food was tastier and cooked with a lot of care. This dish seemed more like a smaller version of an All Bar One meal. The desert was ok, but not as good as previously. We always thought the Bollo did fab and different puds compared to the average pub, such as delicious frangipanes. No doubt the new decor with chandeleir style lighting will appeal to some and new clientele won't notice the price hike and drop in standards. We did complain and the staff were very nice and apologetic. We were offered coffee on the house but it won't make up for the fact that the food just wasn't as good and was more expensive. We haven't been back since.Bring back the old Bollo!! 
My boyfriend and I went there with the idea to eat a nice Italian pizza but our expectations haven’t been paid off, the pizza was a bit gummy and sticky and not a proper Italian pizza ( we’re Italian). 
Im so disappointed with the service very rude man who serves us. We went for a buffet whoever you are on duty on sunday 6 May 2018 between 3-4pm.You should learn a ggod manners ang right conduct in dealing with customer! 
We were eagerly looking forward to celebrating other mother's 79th Birthday in the newly refurbished Bollo. We could not have been more disappointed. The food was luke warm when it arrived and cold by the time the vegetables finally appeared (minus any serving spoons). The staff were extremely inattentive throughout, so it should have been no suprise when we were left looking at our empty desert plates for 20 minutes. They failed to offer us any coffee let alone an apology for the shambolic meal. The only time the manager showed any interest was when she snatched our cash from the waiter to count it onto the bar. We did not want to spoil the afternoon for our mother so I quietly voiced my complaint as we were leaving. Again no apology was forthcoming. Save your money - Chiswick has many more restaurants that would be far more appreciative of your custom. 
I had dinner with my wife and we were welcomed even if we hadn't had a prior booking.  
As some of the other reviewers have said, the service was incredibly slow. 
My wife and I visited the Flintgate last night (Wednesday 4th March 2020) for their ever popular Wednesday steak night. One can choose to have either a Fillet or Rib Eye, inclusive of sides and a drink for a very discounted price. As you can imagine this night is very popular and as such we had booked in advance. 
Booked a table for 10 (myself and work collegues) this all went through without a hitch and they seemed ready for us when we arrived. 
Surprised this place has so many positive reviews. Today's calzone was both tasteless and over salty. waiting staff did not bother to ask if we had enjoyed our food or say goodbye when we left. Will be sticking with Porchetta pizza on Stroud Green Road. 
Only popped in for a beer of a Sunday evening- pint of Becks tasted like vinegar...not wanting to complain I ordered a San Miguel, bar staff having duly noticed I didn't touch my first pint gave it on the house...this one tasted the same if not worse! Who cleans your lines?!? I left my 'free' pint almost as full as I got it...disappointed! 
I visited it once, I've not returned. I guess that says it all. Food wasnt particularly tasty. Not the best Indian I've been to.  
It looks like this place may have changed hands again. 
This is a typical example of the acceptable "trendy" eateries that are infiltrating London at present. A tiny serving of tasteless Parmigiana @4.95, a good sized, tasteless, soggy Pizza MINUS any onions??? @£10 (ish) A pathetic attempt at Brushetta, again no trace of any onions, dare I mention an absence of Pesto @4.95. Basic Tiramisu with a serious lack of Marsala & 1 pathetic scoop of Lemon Sorbet @£5 each?? 
I've been to and from the Enfield Tandoori for many years now, and my most recent visit - about a month ago with a few mates on Tuesday evening - will be my last. 
Main course lamb tikka not served on a sizzling skillet it was heated and served on a cold plate chicken tikka marsala poor you have to pay for the chutneys for your poppadoms which was not explained never have before in any other Indian restaurants I have visited over the years.  
We have always enjoyed this pub and have typically been there during the day at the weekend. We met some friends there one evening the Tuesday before Xmas and it was a very different experience. It was very quiet which was not ideal but we were happy to stay. It would have been nice to have a fire but it had been allowed to go out. We moved to a dining table for the meal and were the only people there . The service was very slow and the food ranged from average to not great. When one person asked for bread they were brought a piece of sliced white which was freezing cold. Despite the fact we were the only people there, the bill was completely wrong. 
Booked a table for dinner on Saturday as it's meant to be a gastro pub that specialises in real ales. However, half the ales they had were off, what was left was a stout and couple of ciders so upon asking for an ipa I was offered a gassy keg beer. When we sat down at the table, it hadn't been cleaned and after waiting some time reviewing the dissapointing menu without being served, we decided to go elsewhere. The pub and restaurant was noisy with loud music forcing people to shout at each other. This is the third time we've gone here after previous refurbs/updates but continues to be highly dissappointing and not a match for many better places in Weybridge 
We had high expectations of this local eaterie however we were disappointed. We ordered two pizzas, both were soggy and doughly. The ingredients were sparse and overall the pizzas were tasteless. I would not return and neither will my Italian friend. 
We were a group of 18 who had prebooked for a lunch after a walk round Bushy Park. The pub is in a prime position next to Hampton Court and always looks very inviting from the outside. The atmosphere was good in the bar and the staff friendly. However, the menu was limited, although we were told on booking that we could choose from the main menu if necessary and preorder. They had no salad left and ran out of ham for sandwiches before we had all ordered. My chicken sandwich was made with the end of the loaf next to the crust so was hard and almost stale. The coleslaw was not nice, made with vinaigrette rather than mayonnaise I think. Chips were ok. Disappointing and a shame. 
We visit Hampton Court Palace each year for a concert. Last year we ate a delicious meal in a charming inn, called the Kings Arms, perfectly located on the edge of the park. We were so impressed we decided to stay there this year.  
I was very excited to try this new restaurant as we really need a good family pizzeria in Crouch End. The restaurant is pleasant and bright and the staff were very welcoming but we had to send the pizza back, excruciatingly embarrassing though that was, because it was almost raw. The base was white, flecked with black and totally limp. The waitress explained that it was Neopolitan pizza which never had a crisp base. She very sweetly re-cooked mine and made a fresh one for my son but it was only marginally better. I am not sure if it was an off night or if, despite my having consumed vast quantities of pizza in my life, it just wasn't to my taste. I'll be interested to see what other people think. If they'll start doing crisp pizzas I'll be back like a shot.  
Crouch End 'needs' (in relative terms) a good pizza restaurant, compared with everything else we have here. But..this place appears to have no soul, and no sense of the competition in the area. Good pizza but nothing much else - pleasant-ish if plainly very bored waitress, ok wine, zero ambience, minimal decor in a place crying out for spirit....I'd go back for takeaway as the pizza really was better than anything else in the vicinity, but guys, sort out your dining experience. We don't owe you, so don't make it feel as though we're lucky to have you here. 
I have been to Sacro Cuore a few times recently. The overall experience was good, the pizza and the service were up to expectation. The downside was the thick black smoke that was filling the air making it hard to breathe and making me and my kids cough. Also, your clothes will get black spots all over. The staff had to keep the windows open despite the freezing cold and everyone telling them not to.  
Had a friend over from Australia and since the weather had turned decided to go out for Sunday lunch - if I was paying I would have commented then & there, the roast beef was like a TV dinner. How hard can it be to get this staple right, two slices of grey, hard shoe leather, a teaspoon of gravy, soft potatoes (2 small ones), over cooked veg and the whole thing was tepid. I'd be embarrassed if I had turned out something like that! 
A huge let down. I have visited a couple of times and it’s mainly unsupervised kids running around or just playing games on their phones at full volume. Great selection of beers if you don’t care about the atmosphere 
I start by saying that I work in the hospitality business, I'm a waitress and I know how we treat customers to make sure they have a great experience and want to come back. 
After a six week closure we were excited to see what changes would be made and very disappointed to see that the very little investment they did make was in the hotel part of the pub so why exactly was the pub shut for so long? Limited choice of beers, average staff and ok surroundings not helped by much much better options in the area. The focus is clearly tourist customers and not the locals!  
I really wanted to love this place as it's local and has always looked great when we've walked past. We've been meaning to try to for ages but we were left very dissappointed.  
When my pizza arrived within 3 mins of ordering I knew it wasn't freshly made. The base was ok, definitely reheated, and was soggy, the prosciutto wasn't very nice, the rest of the ingredients were nice, rocket, parmesan and baby tomatoes. Very disapointed, it was edible, but not something I would return for.  
The Kings arms is located in a beautiful area, it's interior is warm and inviting, the the menu has a great choice and the idea of going to a welcoming pub on a cold Sunday after a brisk walk around the palace is just perfect... Service is incredibly slow but I put that down to being a Sunday. Food was luke warm, but after waiting for 1.5 hours I didn't want to complain. Quality of food was really poor... We ended up taking the fish and both roast meats home to feed the dog, fish was dry and meat was really fatty... We had just had a lovely day out and didn't want to hang around for our complaint to be investigated. I might try this place again during the week, but don't rush over on a Sunday it's highly disappointing  
We were persuaded to go as we are regulars to Bushy Park and saw the signs publicising it has been awarded for good food. 
We chose the Kings Arms as a venue for a family dinner after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. Unfortunately the position of our table was in a stark seating area with little atmosphere and on a thoroughfare between the bar and the kitchen. With the chef repeatedly marching past our table in particularly grubby looking "chef whites" did not increase our appetite. We also felt the "crashing" around of one member of the waiting/bar staff, in such a hurry that she was continually banging into tables and furniture, did not make us feel particularly relaxed along with some children being allowed to roam free around the bar and restaurant and in the ladies toilets! The food however was tasty, well presented and reasonable value, our waitress was friendly and efficient but due to the other issues we did not come away feeling we had the "full package" of a relaxing supper with family. 
Popped into the newly refurbished Flintgate - now a Craft Ale bar.  
I'm a big fan of the Antelope in Surbiton so I was expecting great things for this new local. Unfortunately it failed to deliver. Perhaps it's the long hall design, and the acoustics are awful and the loud voices (on other tables) really carry. Bar staff have very little knowledge about the beer which considering the vast range isn't particularly helpful. They also charge a variety of different prices for the same craft ale so check what you're being charged before your card disappeared behind the bar. 
After many years enjoying the The Bollo as our favourite local quality gastro, pub it was with some dismay that we saw that at the turn of the year it had fallen into the hands of corporate chain owners... Metro.  
Indeed, I agree. My rating of Poor may be harsh but reflects the unfortunate change in a place which was simply wonderful. One of my favourite places for many years and I don't live in the area... Unfortunately, the prices have gone up which the small change of decor does not seem to warrant. The sofas have gone near the chimney. Is the Bollo now trying to be a restaurant instead of warm lovely gastro pub? £35 for two courses and a small glass of wine is too much for this location and type of establishment. The Monday madness and other social offerings have gone and with them, the crowds. The food is not as good and the delivery of it painfully slow (even in an almost empty restaurant last night). The waiters are still great (a combination of warmth and efficiency) but they cannot make up for what's been lost, unfortunately. Lovely Steve's moved on and it seems I will have to follow... 
In this city, in this market, in this time…. Peoples palettes have moved on. You can’t just bake your pizza in a wood oven and sit back on your laurels. You have to pay attention to the detail and execution.  
Came here with my husband after reading Time Out London. The magazine rated as one of the best pizzas in London! So we drove there on a chilly Friday evening to delight our taste buds or so we thought. We ordered two buffalinas with extra topping of aubergine at £1.25 each. What arrived was a sloppy WET passionless pizza. With matchstick Italian cotto ham and pitiful pieces of over cooked aubergine. Extremely scarce ingredients, if compared to your standard ASK, Carluccio or Pizza Express. What a dissapointment. Avoid if you appreciate good value and good dining. Sorry for the guys who run it but there was truly NO pride. Just another pizza place trying to make money out of the English (and Italian) public who, this time, did know better!  
Probably the worst meal I have ever paid for. We were looking for a tasty meal and some drinks before a gig at the SSE Arena and Brazilian BBQ seemed like a good choice. Having eaten in Brazil this "experience" was as far from authentic as it is possible to get. The service was slow and poor. When we ordered my wife ordered the prawn curry which was cold when it arrived and the four small prawns did little to justify the £17. I ordered the "signature" steak on a skewer which was also nearly cold. A meagre portion of skinny fries and coconut coleslaw round the meal off. If you like Brazilian BBQ avoid this place... 
At 7.45 on a Monday we arrived to an almost empty restaurant. We asked for a table for 2 and thought we were being given a choice of where to sit. We chose a table near the window but were moved by a very rude waitress, "because it was one of the only tables for 4". In fact it was just 2 tables pushed together, as any of the other tables could have been, if they were to be needed. NOTE TO THE OWNER - when your restaurant is empty and a customer wants to sit in the window, you let them, it makes your restaurant more attractive to passers-by. Nevermind we thought, let's order..except, that's when she struck again. I ordered bottled water, and was told it was "filtered". Fine. Miss Attitude brought the bottle to the table, at which point I said to my husband it's a bit cheeky charging customers for tap water. Miss Attitude overheard, doubled back and the conversation then went something like this : Miss A "it's not tap water it is filtered !"' , Me " what do you put in the filter? " , Miss A (louder) " it's filtered 7 times in a big filter" ( or something like that), Me ( at this point shocked ) " but you put tap water in the filter..." Miss A (clearly spoiling for a fight) "it tastes different from tap water, it's filtered " . Me ( relenting to avoid a scene ) " yes it does". On to the food, we ordered a salad which had half rotten leaves. I left it, but didn't dare complain in case Miss A challenged me to a fight. To her credit, she did redeem herself slightly when she didnt charge us for it. The pizzas are good , if slightly salty and a bit wet as other reviewers have said. Certainly not the best in London and certainly not good enough to even consider dealing with that attitude again. 
Been there twice now. Their pizzas are good but not the best and the service was OK the first time but down right rude this time. The waitress seemed to not want to serve us. We asked if they had olives as a first course. Instead of just saying no she was rude and said that the pizza would be very quick anyways. The house wine was very good with the pizza. This is the second time I've experienced an Italian server in London being hostile when asked for an Americano coffee. It's OK - if you don't serve it just pleasantly say so. We were served a long pull instead. It was good espresso. The tira misu was also good. But the unfriendly service was a real let down. Too bad. 
I❤️ Brazilian BBQ but I was disappointed to find this place operates a fixed menu rather than the usual fun of the skewers and the Red/Green sign.... that said the steak was delicious let down by extremely bad service!! Waited a long time to be served then almost 20 minutes for our drinks order which somehow they'd lost on the system?? Finally they closed at 9.30pm but we sat waiting an age again .... this time for the bill!! Couldn't even do that on time!! I've left 100s of good reviews on here in my time think this is the first negative one ... so congratulations Cabana Wembley  
Went last Wednesday, was surprised when we arrived at 8pm that there was only 2 others eating, most of the tables not set for dinner. It soon became apparent why.  
The place was empty ... maybe because it was Sunday evening ... but the restaurant was a little sad.  
Visited during the day with my husband and two kids was supposed to be a treat for my husbands birthday. When we arrived despite the restaurant not being busy and plenty of staff being near by one of which was the manager there was hesitation to get us seated.It was almost as though they didn't want customers.  
My wife and I had the trio of roasts from the Sunday menu and were very disappointed. Especially as we were celebrating our 2nd wedding anniversary. 
I've been to Cabana before and always enjoyed visiting... This was probably one of the not-so-good visits: 
Not a great experience. Group of 8, were sat right under the heater which was blowing out hot air. The drinks are ok. The food came out quickly but for me it was bland and tasteless. The waiting staff are too busy having a laugh and natter between themselves. Will not return. 
Four pricey drinks took over 20 minutes to arrive. But it gave us time to appreciate the interior. Food tasted good, I think. The portions were terribly small even for my partner and utterly hopeless for her two boys. Cabanas main course portions would be about half the size of a starter in a proper Brasilian restaurant in Brazil which I think are fabulous. Cabana is not in the same league, more GM conference. Chicken isn't expensive but their skewers have 3 pieces of chicken and a few bits of pepper.  
I have been to this restaurant since it has opened, with a frequency between 3-4 times per month with friends and family. 
I’ve been here quite a few times over the years & been happy with food & service; but this visit was disappointing. I was part of a group of 12 & we’d pre-ordered from the “festive” menu. The starter was adequate with plenty to share. For main course I had the chicken with prosciutto; the chicken had a very strange texture & wasn’t pleasant to eat & the beans were over-cooked. I didn’t complain as some members of the group had already had issues with their drinks & mains so I felt a bit awkward. The tiramisu was only just defrosted; again not enjoyable. Our first waiter was pleasant & helpful but once he went off shift other members of staff weren’t particularly interested. All in all a disappointing experience for our work Christmas night out.  
I had never been to this Zizzi before - it is very open plan, but funkily decorated, incorporating art of Romford Dogs. Unfortunately, we visited on a Saturday night and the service was unbelievably slow, which I think was solely down to the kitchen. We were not provided with the 'Specials' menu by our waiter, and only realised we had these other food options after we had ordered. Strangely, the hot seabass was served with a ragu which was cold, and the pasta at Zizzi is never al dente and is always overcooked, to the point of soggy. We were offered grated cheese, but no black pepper. Despite the painfully slow service, the manager was working extremely hard, and still very friendly and courteous. The toilets here had a lot to be desired - either no toilet paper or broken locks - and really should be regularly cleaned and maintained. All in all, the whole experience was quite disappointing. 
We eat at many miller and carter restaurants but I’m afraid our evening on 10 August was not up to standard. My steak was cold chairs were dirty. My lettuce cob was a quarter of normal size. We will not be returning  
This just about sums up what should have been a lovely birthday girls night out.  
Having been once before with girlfriends several years ago and hearing from others more recently how fab this local Italian is, I was extremely disappointed in many ways. We felt rushed, having been asked to pre order as a large group of 11, it was clear they wanted our table for later. No attention to detail was given, no greeting, just asked once if everyone had arrived- I was expecting warmth of some kind. We ate, we drank and we left, we should have complained but no one said their starters were cold until later! Not sure what the runny white dip was that appeared to accompany almost every starter. Mains were brought out before you could begin a new conversation and very sorry they looked too! Mums veal in bread crumbs with what looked like tinned spaghetti plopped next to it , rather resembled something I would give the kids when I couldn’t be bothered to cook. My husband was astounded that no vegetables arrived with his lamb, an oversight on his part as they were extra on the menu but having pre ordered at the restaurants request this wasn’t suggested in person if he would like some. Generally whilst the food was edible it was not enjoyable and spending almost £500 I would expect a lot better. The best bit was the Limoncello at the end. Needless to say I will not be returning, as the masses clearly do, perhaps we were unlucky. Wish we had gone elsewhere for a Special Birthday. 
Had the ribeye which didn't even look like a ribeye, more like a sirloin with zero fat. Meat was heavily overcooked, had grey edges and was super tough to cut. Should've just had one at home. 
Very polite head waiter. Female waitress needed to crack a smile. Whilst eating our starters I observed one of the chefs going out for a break. His chef’s trousers were disgusting in appearance. Dark stains on thighs. As I looked down at his footwear, well they too were even worse. Mud all over them. When he returned to the restaurant he wiped his nose with his right hand then proceeded to rubbed his hand along his head hair. His hair was shoulder length and greasy in appearance.  
I had the exact same experience last night. Firstly no welcome, I needed to get the waiters attention.  
I ate at Miller & Carter, Stirling Corner, Barnet for the first time on Saturday. We were a party of 6 celebrating two family birthdays. Service was fine for the most part, although we were served the wrong wine. Fortunately it was a similar wine and we didn't bother to send it back, but this sort of thing hardly inspires confidence. My starter - “Creamy goat's cheese & asparagus bruschetta” - was no more than 'ok', the asparagus being undercooked and the goat's cheese lacking flavour. The “tomato salsa” seemed to consist of nothing more than a few pieces of unripe chopped tomato, and the “marinated olives” tasted as if they had simply been taken straight from a jar of brine. Mysteriously the whole dish was dominated by a liberal scattering of peas, an inappropriate addition, which did not feature in the menu description. For my main I'd ordered a 8oz 50-day aged Black Angus ribeye steak, medium rare. When this arrived it was at best tepid, the pat of parsley butter on top of the steak showing no sign of melting. The accompanying chips were also far from piping hot. After a few mouthfuls it was apparent that the entire steak was underdone, and could only be described as very 'rare' indeed, bordering on 'bleu'. I've been eating steak for more decades than I care to recall, and am in no doubt whatsoever that this steak was not, by any stretch of the imagination, “medium rare”, as ordered. Consequently I requested that it be sent back to the kitchen to be cooked properly. The waitress agreed and duly took it away. When it came back it was cooked as it should have been in the first place, and was now actually hot. In other respects however it was very much less than I'd hoped being not particularly tender and with plenty of fat and sinew that needed to be cut off. The sauce - “porcini mushroom and black garlic” - which should have been rich and flavourful was sadly neither, being rather thin and insipid. “Masters of Steak”? Not on that showing. 
Came here with my family for a meal. The service was so slow I wondered if we would leave before the next eclipse. 
Meal with friends. Waiter took order on his electronic pad and we were specific as to what we wanted and what changes we wanted to certain dishes. Of the 4 ordered 2 were correct and the others totally wrong. Two meals therefore reordered whilst correct ones being eaten. Replacement meals finally arrived with waiter explaining that kitchen was very busy, well it would be on a Saturday evening so very feeble excuse. My meal was butchers burger (no bacon requested) and all I can say is that was mildly acceptable with something resembling a fried egg added. 
We had dinner with friends at Miller & Carter on 28th September. The restaurant has a very nice interior. Unfortunately that is the only bit that have correct. We ordered 4 mains meals and one 1 arrived as ordered. 2 were returned. This time only one was correct. At this point we gave up and accepted it. Rather than 3 people waiting for the 4th to start eating. Miller & Carter sent me a questionnaire on my experience as it was booked online. Explained the problems, THAT WAS 2 WEEKS AGO..... still no reply or acknowledgment !!!! WILL NOT BE RETURNING  
Went on Feb 14 around 3:15pm. First time customer. 
Very bad experience but was given the option of going back and having a meal on them after they have had a refit. So will post full review after that.  
Never been here before but gave it a go, it’s cheap and cheerful but this does reflect in the food and service (or lack of!) salads are nice, everything else jis ust ok, my salmon was very small, over cooked, and dry ! My partner definitely asked for fries with his meal but got rice and the waiter proceeded to argue with us both about it at the tabie?? Nice rose wine, that’s about it! I would go once only as there are plenty of better places in Sidcup to eat! 
Today was not as expected. The drinks were slow while staff were at the bar, the wrong starter was delivered and the steak sandwich (£3 supplement) came with 3 small pieces of meat cooked well done when medium rare was requested! No apology when returning food so will not be visiting again. A most unenjoyable meal. 
Have visited here on a number of occasions, however, standards have definitely slipped since it first opened. Latest lunch was totally lack lustre. Steak was passable, but more on the tough side than I would normally expect, although cooked medium. Pretty indifferent service - not unpleasant - just disinterested. No one bothered to ask if the meal was satisfactory whilst we were eating and even when my plate was collected, still full of fries and onion loaf (which had been served cold) there was no comment or enquiry made about our experience. Would think think hard before returning. 
Do not have the Mac and Cheese unless you are a small child which my daughter is not as the bowl is the size of an small mug with only two pieces of garlic bread so you can imagine the plate had a gaping hole where it looked something was missing. 
This place wants to be a serious Steak house - at least the suburban version of one. However despite some big aspirations this place falls woefully short. 
Service slow, inattentive and no ownership for our table 
Main course served first even though a starter had been ordered, no attempt to rectify this was made, apart from half hearted apologies! Desert was ordered, one of my party of three ordered a merengue desert which was rock hard and needed a knife to cut through it! Coffee was ordered and had to be chased up twice before eventually served to us, we should have at best been offered the coffee on the house, no such offer was made! This restaurant needs to up its games if it’s to reach the standard of other Miller and Carter restaurants that I have visited. Very disappointing! 
Went for a family meal. All the tables were seperated not put together. Themusic from the off note crooner was so loudand off key... We could not hear each other.  
I definitely wasn’t impressed with this place. First and last time I visit any Zizzi. They are severely overpriced. I ordered chicken risotto which came to £13 and I had less than half a bowl! My partner ordered ravioli, which came to £12 and she had 4 ravioli pieces FOUR!! We were both still hungry afterwards. Absolute ripoff merchants. The staff had no clue. They didn’t know if they were coming or going. Our waitress kept giving us the wrong menus over and over again. They had also lost the key for the baby change/disabled toilet, so they had to “break in” there with a knife! Totally unprofessional, expensive and a total waste of money. DO NOT VISIT HERE. If you want Italian food, go to Frankie and Benny’s or even Pizza Express which is just a short walk past McDonalds and Nandos.  
ok but vary exspensiv4 you don't get the right pitta bread with the shish you get little squires of over cooked bread and no onions with the salad very bland the drinks are over priced as is the ice cream come on take a look at your service please we wont be coming soon 
We were 2 families of 2 adults and 2 children. The 2 waitress were very unpleasant with us. Service very rude. The pizzas were ok, but the carbonara pasta was awfull. There was only pasta and a bad bacon. There was no cream. But when we questioned the waitress the answer was that i didn’t knew What was carbonara pasta real like...despite on the menu the description was exactly how we supposed to be carbonara pasta... 
Considering this place has very good reviews, I'd have to guess that the proper chef wasn't in that night or dropped the ball.  
Well where do I start... my daughter and I go to the Royal Albert Hall at this time every year and have a meal after the show...however this year there were five of us.. so my daughter rang this place in January to book a table as she had read good reviews yes no problems they verified it on Face Book, so the show over ran, so my daughter rang them and explained we were running late... SORRY no table booked in that name my daughter explained she had proof of the booking on her phone, ok give us 30 minutes and we will try to get you a table!! so we got there and manager said did you call the right number? so my daughter showed him her phone, he very RUDELY told her your table is ready over there..no apology from any one at all... we were not even shown to the table by any staff, tables are squashed together.. it got worse.. they did not take all the drinks order, we had garlic pizza to share.. we could smell burning, and joked it was our starter... IT WAS, all burnt so we ate what we could.. they then brought our mains before clearing the plates from the starters.. I said about pizza bread being burnt that we had left.. oh would you like some more? NO, I had Carbonara it was the worst Carbonara I have ever eaten.. very greasy no sauce no mushrooms, ham was very dry and hard, I could not eat it.. a couple of people had pasta that was hard, one found a piece of gristle in her chicken!!! when they cleared the table I told waitress it was horrible... she said but when I asked you all said food was fine... but we had only just started eating it... the manager will come and speak to you... still waiting!! dessert was nice! when we got the bill they had taken my Carbonara off, we wont go back there again. 
After a day at museums with friends, we were looking for a family friendly mid range in price close by restaurant that would appease kids aged 5-15. This restaurant could not offer a table for 8, but gave us two tables next to each other for 4. It was slightly crowded, but hey, that’s London after all. It was mid range in price and the service was fairly quick, but both pizza and pasta dishes had very little flavour. My friend asked for chilli flakes for her aubergine pasta to give it a little life. The reason for only 2 stars (and you could argue it could have been only 1) was that I went down to the toilet to simply wash my hands before dinner after a day out. There is a men’s stall and a women’s stall with a combined sink area. A man came out of the men’s stall wearing a white chefs shirt and hat, DIDNT WASH HIS HANDS!!!!, and then proceeded to go into the staff kitchen area next to the toilet area. It was all I could do to keep from walking out. I can’t say I recommend this place due to the above.  
It was an utter mistake to even try it out once, never again. Poor service, overpriced, terrible food and the excuse was we are a chef down. Great lost the chef, and now loose the customers too  
Normally this is a great place to eat. Staff are very friendly, the food is good and there has a nice ambience of a family run restaurant. On this occasion with our meal, we ordered hot water with a slice of lemon. When we go our bill we had been charged £5 for this service. £2.50 per person. I certainly begrudge paying this! It's the first time I have been charged for hot water!! 
The food tasted frozen, and my Steak Fillet (£25) was undercooked. Our 'Garlic Sauteed Green Vegetables' turned out to be three measly green beans with frozen peas. Mum's 'Garlic King Prawns' were 4 pieces of sorry looking off-cuts floating in a sea of mediocrity. Miller & Carter seem to be pitching themselves towards the higher end of the market...but they are really just a high street chain serving frozen food at elevated prices. If you want this type of menu then Hudsons brasserie in Mill Hill Broadway do it so much better. 
It was our first visit to one of these restaurants (miller and carter) and will probably be my last!  
Having an Italian restaurant near to where we live we thought this would be nice to try for the 1st time.  
Probably warrants a 3 star review but I don't do 3 stars. Still leans towards 2 given the premium location and prices. 
We booked a table here because of the great reviews. Because of the location, You could expect to pay a higher price, but You should also expect to get a great meal. Our meat was ordinary, and to have to pick Your own garnish and wine at this price is unreasonable. I would compare this restaurant to Nando’s, but at a much higher price. Would not be coming back.  
Rough and unfriendly service. Decent pizza. I won’t visit this place again! 
We went and about 2/3's of the restaurant was EMPTY. So we thought order and our meal would be ready in no time. WRONG 
We visited last night for a family meal with solid expectations from a reputable chain restaurant that we had visited on a number of occasions previously. The two stars represent decent initial service, general atmosphere and decor, and decent (albeit pricy) drinks. The three lost stars...well after our starters, we had a good thirty minute wait for our meals which I could have overlooked at a stretch (despite having to placate a hungry 3 and 5 year old), but my daughter's pizza did not even come with the 'create your own' toppings, and neither were we offered the parmesan cheese, which would have been a key ingredient for my linguine. And not a server to be seen to flag down-plates were hastily laid down, glasses that had been sat empty for 20 minutes were begrudgingly replenished, and off they went...either to another table on their overstretched serving area, on a break, or off into the Tuscan Hills for all I know. Food was very average for the prices charged, the general consensus was that the pizza toppings were less than generous and the food was bland and under seasoned. The toilets were also disgusting (I won't elaborate here) and they didn't bother to even bring the kids the choccochinos from their set menu that we had paid for-by which time we had gone beyond the stage where we give them a chance to 'rectify,' all aforementioned. A poor experience overall that was a disappointing contrast to our positive expectations. 
Visited in a group of 13. Service ok but food poor not like other Zizi I have tried.  
In the morning my daughter booked a table for outside as the weather was glorious. When we arrived to be seated there were no outside tables were available. We were offered a table inside - there was one man at a table who we were told was having drinks only - clearly our table. They were not prepared to ask him to move so we left. Normally when you reserve a table, a 'reserved' sign is placed on the table to prevent casual drinkers/diners turning up on spec. I consider this to be poor etiquette and service and will not be dining here in future. 
Popped in for a meal with the kids before going to the cinema. Restaurant is nice and probably had a hundred covers but two waiting staff and two chefs isnt on really. Service was very very slow. Waiters were doing there best but had their work cut out for them. 
Went for Sunday lunch as a group of 8, serving staff were not attentive at all and had minimal grasp of the English language which made explaining dishes or answering questions difficult. We ordered from the set 3 course menu which was very reasonably priced, I had the parfait, which was a very healthy portion but unfortunately without enough toast to match (2 miniature slices), and then the roast sirloin which as a lot of sinew in it (although others said theirs were better). My wife had a turkey club sandwich which arrived cold with near cold chips and the turkey appeared to be of Bernard Matthews origin and for some reason the salad served with the dish was undressed, maybe the language barrier meant we didn’t get offered dressing? 
Food was mediocre and tasted bland. The service was slow as we were seated at 8.20pm and we only finished our meal at 10:45pm even though the restaurant wasn't full. When we found out that our drinks were being added to the service charge (it came to £28 for 7 people) we asked for our bill and then they were getting our coats even though we still had 2/3 a bottle of wine on the table which we had hoped to drink whilst dancing. When I made the reservation, I was told they have dancing once the food is cleared away until 1am and since it was a Friday night this is what we expected. 
came here in a group of 17 people for my boyfriends birthday. service was so slow! they had served up the kids starters and main courses before they had even taken the adults orders, which meant by the time we eventually ate they were bored and had nothing to do! they forgot 3 of the main courses for people in our party (one being the birthday boy!) they also forgot the potatoes that came with my dish. the waiting staff were very apologetic and offered my boyfriend a free bottle of prosecco which i personally dont think was enough. i think they are understaffed and unprepared for large groups, i understand its difficult with a large group when you have other tables to see to in the restaurant but maybe they should get in extra staff on the weekends? 
Visited twice in one week. First visit waited an hour to place our food order. They are understaffed and cannot cope even when the restaurant was only half full.  
Our local zizzi is one of our favourite restaurants so we were expecting the same quality from the romford branch...however what a big disappointment it was! We ordered from set menu for the £14.95 3 course meal offer . ordered the tomato and mozarella cheese salad and rice balls for starters, the salad was tiny compared to the usual generous portions from their main menu! Mains we ordered spaghetti and chicken pasta... The portions was again just over half the size of our usual mains portion and it tasted so bland... I don't usually need to add salt in my food at restaurants but this time I had to add 3 times even after that it tasted bland...and it wasn't just me, my hubby and kids thought so too! Felt cheated and thought maybe the portions were small because its on offer? Maybe they also saved on the salt for that reason? Or someone needs to have a word with the chef about seasoning before sending dishes out! I gave them 2 stars for their tiramisu, was nice as usual. 
Service charge is added to the bill and is not mandatory. That's something that they shouldn't do it as the service should be pay if you been happy with the service. 
we booked early on a Saturday evening as we had been told that it gets very noisy which I can understand as the tables were very close together. We were asked for drink orders and we had to tell the waitress no 3 times before she would leave. I ordered Brasola which was 3 pieces and the smallest portion I have ever had The main couses were fine. EBoth when the starter and the main course were brought the waitress had no idea which plate was for which person and it was also served from the wrong side. A restaurant charging not cheap prices one would expect better. There are certainly better Italian restaurants locally so will not go back. We were in and out within 45 minutes. 
Italian restaurant in Thurloe Place, close to the V&A Museum. 
Very slow service even though there were not many people seated. The food was mediocre and the portions were very small. Will not be going there again. 
Visiting at the beginning of the week it was reasonably busy in the restaurant however, it started by being told a list of items they did not have..including chicken. There was only one waitress and we had to catch her eye to order. Having taken our order after about 20 mins she returned to say one of the items on the pizza was not available! When the food finally arrived it was ok, not brilliant but not horrible. We shared a dessert..again minus chocolate or vanilla ice cream as they had run out! and left after finally requesting the bill. Afraid I would not be in a hurry to return here. :( 
Went here with my sister and it was pretty empty. Took ages to be seated even though we were the only ones queueing as the staff were talking. Food was average and service was poor. Will not be returning here. 
Very over priced. The portions are really small it is disgraceful. The quality of the food was actually nice but the service was rubbish. Really slow even though the restaurant wasn't particularly busy at the time. Wouldn't go back... 
I hadn't been to Pierino for a long time having moved out of the area. We decided on Saturday that we'd go, called up and booked a table for 2, two hours from the call. We arrived, having travelled for an hr, to find they hadn't put the booking in, there was no table for two inside, with zero apology. So we had to sit outside where it was pouring with rain. Thank goodness they have heaters and a canopy but still... 
We were here on a Sunday evening, food could not be questioned, their attention to their patrons was pathetic. The door was continually left open and yet the staff seemed unaware of people pulling on coats around their shoulders and also food going cold.Bill was presented prior to being asked for ,I cant explain there were just too many faux pas 
The pasta here is pretty good (if not spectacular) but the rest of the experience was sub standard. Tables were really crammed together, so the people on the one next to us couldn't even get out without us getting up to move out of their way. That also made it quite noisy. One of our group was arriving late so we ordered for him from the manager, who then forgot to put the order through. The manager then disappeared and the waitress claimed not to know anything about the order. They eventually brought it but the manager never came back to explain and they still tried to charge full price until we complained.  
I will copy below the email I sent to the JE Steakhouse this week.... as they haven't apologised or acknowledged my email I will therefore post on here as they don't deserve clients with their attitude..... 
I wasn't expecting much as it's a chain restaurant in a shopping plaza. But they managed to underwhelm even my moderate expectations. I had a pizza. It wasn't bad - but it wasn't good or memorable. I guess I'd eat here again if there were literally no other options. Also, our server did not understand our english and we did not understand her 'english'. 
Terrible waitress. Waited over an hour for the bill to arrive, had attitude, threw menus towards us not passed them, never offered a refill of drinks etc. However it was very good food which arrived promptly after the order. Shame it was ruined by the service.  
Having been to prezzos and ask on numerous occassions (which we have always enjoyed), we thought we would try zizzis for a change. Unfortunately our experience was a bad one. For starters we had the 'lightly' battered seafood and vegetables. How they can describe these as lightly battered is ridiculous. A deep fried mush would be a better description. Really awful start. Main courses were better always 6 prawns in the king prawn tagliatelle is not very generous. The table next to us had the £14 skewer special. Glad we avoided that one as it looked really poor value. To round things off we were sitting in an extremely cold spot by the window and we were charged for desserts we didn't order. The only positive was that our waitress was very good. We will not be returning to any zizzis. Similar prices to prezzo and ask but nowhere near the quality.  
Went in at 19:00 for 4 pizzas, 1 starter and 2 kids deserts we finally got the bill at 20:58.  
Service was terrible, we had to ask to order our food, had to wait ages for our first drinks and had to continue to ask for more drinks throughout the evening. Food was good, but not good enough to return in a hurry. Over charged for wine. Certainly not worth the 10% service that is automatically added to the bill! 
There was a mix up over the booking. The waiter was less than helpful and just left me standing, served another customer and failed to explain what was going on. However, when the table was sorted the food and wine were extremely good. 
Just ate at JW Steakhouse London. It was truly one of the worst dinning experiences I have had to date. To start off, the food. The starters were average. I ate with a party of five, all ordering different starters. All of the soups were passable but the salads was where the JW started it plummet into absymal. It was clear that the restaurant was using the innermost leaves from the lettuce, causing all three salads we ordered to have a bitter aftertaste. Also, the spinach, pumpkin seed, goat cheese salad had zero pumpkin seed, leaving the question of where it went, perhaps it was lost on the way to the table? 
On arrival there was a note on the door stating that the card machine was playing up and might not work for card payments. A concern as we don't carry larger sums of cash and would have had to go and find a cashpoint to pay if it had not worked. 
I had high expectations when I booked this restaurant for my husband's birthday dinner last night. The food was ordinary and tasted quite bland. We ordered the fried calamari, smoked salmon and crab cake as starters. The calamari was overcooked and chewy, the salmon was literally just smoked salmon on a plate & the crab cake was not tasty, lacked seasoning. We both ordered rib eye steaks for our main course, when the steaks arrived, we were asked to cut in to check if it was cooked to our liking. We cut a bit off but the waitress insisted we cut into the middle. I personally don't like someone standing over me asking me to chop up my food. A good thing we did though as my husband's £32 steak was overcooked & chewy. We did not send it back as he would have had to wait another 15 minutes for a new steak. The french fries was a huge portion but went cold very quickly. The mashed potatoes were nice. The bernaise sauce was ok. The bourbon peppercorn sauce was probably the best thing I tasted last night. This ended up being a not so romantic dinner that I had planned. Service was slow but ok. The atmosphere of the restaurant was just plain boring. We did not have dessert. Having spent £185 on disappointingly ordinary food and drink, we will not return. 
nice venue, unfortunately the rump steak was as tough as old boots, as if it had been defrosted in a microwave, also the service was painfully slow 
Dined here last night for the first time. I will not be going back. Starters was okish.(bruschetta) I chose spaghetti carbonara. I have eaten this on many occasions and this was nothing like anything I have tasted. It had no sauce on it and had no flavour at all. The only thing that I could taste was the smoked bacon.worst I have ever had. Sweet was chocolate melt which was enjoyable but on the whole it wasn't a nice experience. Service was very slow. We sat there for five minutes waiting for the waiter to bring us a knife to eat our starters with. Then to top it all they got our bill wrong by 30 pounds? Had to wait for the manager to come over to sort it out. Very embarrassing in front of other customers. Not good 
It really looks like a nice place, well located and busy. but the food is disappointing and definitely not worth the price. Also it's too crammed inside. Bad vibe altogether 
I was told that I must visit a Miller & Carter restaurant.  
I saw a newly opened branch in the area and thought i would head out to see what it is like. 
We saw the reviews for this place and chose it for dinner based on that. Unfortunately the experience was quite underwhelming. Not sure if it was a bad day for them or if this is how the quality of the food always is. There were 3 of us and We were quite hungry so we ordered 2 Pizzas, 1 salad and 1 chicken main. Only my friend's chicken main was palatable. The pizzas and salad both tasted stale and did not seem to use fresh ingredients. Not sure if it was the cheese that was spoilt but we lost our appetite after a few bites and we just couldn't eat it. Both pizzas were barely eaten and the salad was also as is. The manager did ask us if we wanted something else but our stomachs had started to feel uneasy by then. Unfortunately when they got the bill they had charged us for almost all of it, and only took off the salad - which was sad considering their food was stale and we barely ate anything. Wouldn't recommend this place based on this poor experience.  
Our table was'nt set with enough cutlery for every-one, no water provided, papper naptins. Service staff slow to atend the table when we first arrived, even to just take a drinks order, when the young lady did come over, she then wanted to take the whole order, subsequently delaying any fluids to the table. My main meal was £19.50 8oz serloune steak, grisle and chewy. my wife had a burger £16.50, not as nice as a big mac, her words. Our overall bill for our family was £220, we felt for big money we should have been impressed, at least felt it was a special treet. We won't be returning!. The Gate pub a short distance away is 10 times better, and thats where we will return to. 
Good food but what a dreadful atomsphere due to dismal decor. All chairs have been hand painted and the paint is peeling and the whole restaurant area is dismal. This place needs a complete make-over which is a shame because the food was fine, but ruined by the surroundings. Waitress did not have a clue as to how to serve a table. 
There was no one to 'meet and greet' at reception and the waiter, when he finally arrived, slipped his hand around my waist! He continued to call me 'darling' throughout the meal. 
We have been here three times in total. The first time was after it opened was fine no complaints there.  
I only reviewed this place last month, gave it 4 because it was excellent. Went back here last week and it was so poor.  
Decided to visit Pierino after reading the rave reviews but our experience left a lot to be desired.  
We'll this was an experience, if you want to spend two hours for one course that's fine but personally I'd rather go kebab shop and get a bottle of wine from the shop, instead of just being starred at and not asked for drinks or anything. 
This place needs a good clean.The cusions are stained and dirty and the toilets are disgusting. 
This was our favorite Italian until we took my in laws last week from Gran Canaria. We arrived Saturday evening at about 9:30pm for a table of 4. 
It's cheap but it's quite poor. I got hard avocado in my prawn cocktail and the moussaka on the lunch menu was horrible. Some dishes like the calamari and kebabs are good though so it's a case of knowing what to order. £7 for calamari and shish and rice is decent for a lunch. Service was average at best. 
Lovely setting, dead handy for all the museums and Royal Albert Hall, and that no doubt is why they are the way they are. 
Came here with friends - very busy - as you would expect for December - slow service (surely you get extra staff for christmas?!) Whilst the food was nice, no complaints there, but the restaurant floor was filthy,as was the ladies. can't believe it was dirt just from that day. The staff looked unkempt, and as miller & carter aim to be a class above your harvester, they should present a smarter image especially at the prices they charge. I would suggest they buy a hoover and a brush and give the place a clean. Not a place I would rush back to. 
Firstly,overall the food was ok, 
Bit of a disappointment, I love kebabs but this was a few bits of meat, couple of mouthfuls of salad but plenty of chips. Had profiteroles for dessert, bit squidgy. Think I'll stick with my local takeaway  
Went with my family but service was bad really slow. When our food came out our steaks where first to arrive and had to wait a lifetime for the chips to come out which was extremely annoying. A poor fillet steak I had was a cheap cut so wouldn't waste your money here. 
This branch has only been opened a short while - it was a Harvester previously - yesterday was the first time we have eaten in there - have popped in for a drink previously on two occasions - the decor has changed - slightly smarter than before - but sadly not much else. 
Was great BUT. Poor service, poor quality meat works out expensive for 3 courses, will be going to prime next time we want steak. 
First time visiting since it was a Harvester., exactly the same seating plan with new chairs and smoked mirrors. Waiter was lovely, all look very smart. I’d already checked the menu online and ordered the stuffed aubergine with chipotle chicken starter. Starter was A*. Stuffed aubergine was without a doubt a reheat. The pine nuts and pomegranate seeds were tasty on it, but I’m sorry to say the actual meal fell flat. My companions had rib eye - looked nicer but back to my heading, is it worth the high price? definitely not. It was a harvester in its last incarnation and other than the decor not a lots changed. Will I return? No chance I’ve had tastier meals from Heston motorway services.  
Pleasant staff but extremely slow service. Luke warm food. The chicken was dry, the poached egg hard not runny. The tea was not made with boiling water and was, therefore, also luke warm. It took three hours to serve lunch with very long waiting times between courses. Overpriced, under staffed and mediocre quality. Won't be recommending. 
we arrived at 13.30 for Sunday lunch and left at 16.50 not because it was so wonderful we could not bear to leave but because the service was a disgrace. Very pleasant staff just not enough of them. The restaurant should not have taken the booking if they could not cope with the volume of customers and it was clear that no one was in control. 
I doubt there is a single real chef here...rather a series of people who time the pieces of meat and turn once. My £25 8oz fillet steak ordered medium was served WELL DONE and was tough. The jacket potato was at best lukewarm. I am guessing they are pre cooked and wait until picked up. The steak was so small that it could have been eaten in two bites. Our Waiter took them back and after about 10 minutes a new fillet was served minus the potato which took another 5 minutes. This time the steak was so rare I could not eat it. The waiter was embarrassed by this and asked what I thought they should do. I said take it off the bill...they did. My wife had sea bass with broccoli but this was very oily and heavy on the garlic.service was good but my food terrible. NOT A PLACE WE WILL BE GOING BACK TO. 
It's a bit disappointed for both service and food quality. I waited for 20minutes but still no one gave me menu until I asked them to get it. Food is really fair. I ordered black Venus risotto with King scallop. When it was on table, only small pieces of scallop are served and it's not fresh. Fair impression for this restaurant.  
I arrived at 6:12pm on 6/5/2019 & agreed to have our food outside as the waitress said it was busy and all the tables were prebooked. 7.30pm and our food wasn’t even ready. Waitress told us it was in the oven. Been to other Zizzi’s but the food didn’t take this long. 7:36pm and we’re still waiting for it. Will never come back and wouldn’t recommend to anyone. Poor 
We had dinner only once in our first night in London. We came late and that was just a find that we didn't plan for in advance. I personally love Italian food but the food that we got there was not the best! 
Greedy pricing and a lack of quality, combines with poor service do not make for a great experience. 
I was staying at the hotel and my husband and I were told this steakhouse is the best in town so we walked in and were welcomed... But unfortunately, the waitress was Russian and her English is quite weak so we've barely understood anything.. We ordered our drinks ,I've ordered Coke , I thought like any high end steakhouse I would be brought a tray with a glass of ice and a glass bottle of ice , the waitress came to the table holding a glass filled with Coke that wasn't fizzy and had no gas in it and the straw just hanging out of it.. 
I took two clients to the restaurant as a thank you and knowing that they enjoy a steak meal this seemed an obvious choice rather than Gauchos that we regularly frequent. 
I thought I would treat the family as it was my 50th, we all had steak and thought the steaks were very good but unfortunately everything else was a let down, the cob lettuce side was full of water and not much thought put into it, our chips were cold, the onion loaf was hard and no one ate it (homemade onion rings would be much better), our cocktails were average and over priced and dripped all over the table when eventually served, the mens toilets stank which always makes me wary of overall cleanliness - do yourselve a favour go 2 minutes up the road to the Gate where everything is twice as good for half the price. 
The service was nice but the food was not. There were 3 of us and we each had something different. Each meal was bland. Absolutely nothing special about this place except it is in a pretty hotel. Disappointing. 
We had a delivery. We waited over an hour had to ring them to chase, and it arrived barely warm. We were so hungry that we ate it. But was disappointing. Im sure it would of been nice it had been hot. 
I used to go here every couple of weeks when completing my masters. I'm now in the last year of my PhD and hadn't been in for a while. My fiancee and I were hungry and I suggested Pierino as the food used to be tasty and really hit the taste spot. 
I'm all for having a good time when dining out and that is what happens at this restaurant. But and its a big BUT - you must get value for money. This restaurant is expensive for what you get. When the starter came, we were excited because it was superb. Prawn and avocado, perfect. Mixed sausages, perfect. Escargot, perfect. We then ordered Wiener schnitzel and you get charged an extra £4 if you want veal! I have had schnitzels that overlap your plate but not here, it was about the size of a piece of fish and it was thin and dry. It was served with a few pieces of potatoe and a small mound of salad. Next came strudel which I have always found to be crunchy and delicious but here it was soggy and I couldn't even taste the apple! We were so looking forward to an authentic Austrian meal and unfortunately we didn't get it. 
The first time I came here in 2014 with a group of friends for an afternoon tea I could not praise the tea room more highly. One of us was gluten free and a gluten free cream tea was on offer. The staff told us that there was a choice of five different jams and proceeded to include a pot of each.  
After visiting NHM we looked for a place to eat with our kids  
Came for Sunday lunch yesterday with my mum and 2 friends very disappointing. Mum and I ordered the Sunday lunch portions were small not value for money. (£9.95) Roast potatoes overcooked I had small amount of pork most of it was fat. My friend had a jacket potatoes not cooked properly with a salad only consisting of lettuce and cucumber(bland). Coffee weak asked for another one which was bitter in taste. Had to wait a long time for our meal. Maybe we visited on a bad day however about 3 weeks ago I came with friends for afternoon tea enjoyed it very much. 
Was really good pizzas but the service was really por. I think the waitroses could be a little more nice to the customers even if they have a lot of work. 
A bunch of us went to the Tiroler Hut for a fun night out and to be fair to the restaurant that's exactly what we had. But I honestly think that it was more to do with the company we were with rather than the Tiroler Hut itself. The staff are friendly enough and the atmosphere is lively. But the food just didn't match up. I had the mushrooms to start and they were over-cooked and I struggled to find any actual mushroom under the breadcrumbs, I could go on but I'm not sure whether it was just an off night. I won't be going back any time soon though.  
Just moved to the area literally and visited after seeing good reviews. We ordered Sunday roast. The Yorkshire puddings were as flat as a pancake, roast potatoes not very nice. We were hoping this would become a regular place to visit. We will check it out again for afternoon tea. I am giving 3 stars for the friendly staff, but unfortunately not for the food. Shame. Maybe we visited on a bad day. 
My family and I found the food rather bland. I have eaten in the restaurant before and I quite liked it, but my order today was extremely disappointing. I didn't find it spicy at all. The king prawn Puri was tangy and the actual Puri was doughy rather than thin and crispy. The chicken saag was tasteless and couldn't taste the spice and the tarka daal was tasteless too. The lamb tikka pieces were so dry. The only good thing is the portions are generous, that's why I have given it a 2, otherwise I would've rated it a 1. 
When Mounrain View first opened in the old police station we ordered a take away. 
This pub could easily have 5 stars on Trip Advisor if it wasn’t for the terrible service, we’ve visited three twice now and each time the service has been appalling. 
Unfortunately I feel the anchor has lost it's way. Family meal not as expected as they had no roast dinner left and some random band turn up playing lift music. Staff don't seem to understand cleaning up as they go along. Tables left with dirty plates, glasses etc. Last chance for me! 
Such a disappointment after reading all those good reviews... dated, old and tired pub, not really well maintained and cleaned. Food was average, quite pricey although piping hot. Service- terrible. I know that in small pubs if you order at the bar, you don’t really do table service, but checking back on customer’s food wouldn’t really hurt anyone... Standing and eating at the bar while you working is bad and definitely you shouldn’t do it in the front of customers. Licking your fingers after and not washing your hands is againts health and safety and it’s just disgusting! 
Average...and that’s generous. The waitress knew nothing about the food. The food itself was just fair. I had a chewy sirloin and my wife a rather small imposter burger or whatever they call it. The thrice baked chips are standard fries. The side salad is an absolute joke. Could have made better in 2 minutes at home. And the beer is... beer. Ate at another pub last night that was far superior. I wouldn’t go here again. Next time I’ll choose more carefully.  
We made a reservation in conjunction with a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. We arrived to find out that they had no record of our reservation even 5hough we showed them the email confirmation on my phone. They sat us stipulating that we had limited time because the had reservations (just not ours). Then we were informed that they were out of three of their most desirable menu items (at 5 pm). So we left. 
We stumbled across this lovely looking pub a stone's throw from the Albert Hall and would have liked to settle in for the afternoon until ... we approached the bar and encountered a barmaid with a bad attitude. Terrible in fact. Sulky, non communicative, unable to advise on what drinks were available on tap but just jerking her head towards them. Smiling seems to be beyond her and no thanks were forthcoming when buying drinks. It's a shame - great potential here but spoiled by a dearth of customer care. 
I went with my boyfriend as it was his birthday booked a day before saying that it's his birthday and when I booked I said can they do anything special they said yes but when we got their the person on reception was on the phone and took a long time to be seated and when we were it took ages for everything and no mentioned about my boyfriend birthday or do anything about. Won't be back stick to our local Indian we fancied a Change won't do that again at least we feel more welcomed at our local Indian 
Some time ago I gave this place a good review, having had a lovely meal here. However, this month I took some French guests for a 'quick pub lunch' in between visits to the V&A and Kensington Palace. Here you either have your pint with a bag of peanuts or a full blown lunch - there were no sandwiches, soups, or any options other than mega lunches (at pretty mega prices). We would have left if I knew anywhere else nearby but as a compromise, we had four half pints and two 'sharing platters'. One was a plate of meats - about 2-3 forkfuls each, that came with two slices of toast. When we asked for more bread, you would have thought we'd asked for the head of the chef on a plate, such was the fuss. We said we'd pay for it, and the waiter came back with just two more slices of toast...and not very nice at that. (Our French guests were astounded - as much bread as you want is offered in French restaurants/bars) The other dish was a large bread roll with a baked camembert in it. Have you ever tried sharing hot gooey cheese?And it wasn't very nice. Come on, Queen's Arms. You can do better than this. A few dishes for the 'I want more than peanuts but not a full blow out', as most good pubs offer, is in order. 
I came here for my friend's dad's birthday, there was a party of around seven. Upon entering this restaurant, seeing all the signs saying it was a lovely place to eat, lots of reviewers had recommended it etc etc, I had some hopes. Having worked in a few kitchens before, signs of good reviews tend to be a plus. I ordered the fresh asparagus with black forest ham, wienerschnitzel and the cheese board (a distinct lack of chocolate deserts :( haha) 
After having a couple of great takeaways from Mountain View, We booked for a party of 7 of us on a very quiet Monday night. 
Such a lovely little mews pub near the RAH that we found on line but so very disappointed by our meal here.  
I order mango lassi and lemonade but it's taste was discussed and food had not good taste, all rubbish.i will never go there . 
Well there is not much to write about really. The Food is very average, nothing special about the whole experience at all. There is not anything inherently wrong with the restaurant, the food like many indian restaurant very generic and the service adequate. 
Mountain view used to be the best in the area for a takeaway hands down. However after a string of three terrible tasting meals we have now switched. The chicken korma was so bland and creamy it was nearly inedible. Not sure if they have different chefs working some nights or they have a new chef but the food quality has gone through the floor. Such a shame. 
Given the large number of very special pubs in London we have loved I feel sorry to have wasted a Sunday lunch here! Many times when around the Royal Albert Hall area my restaurant searches have turned up this place but I have felt the menu/website etc looked uninspiring and so have ignored it completely. Sadly our friends chose it recently when we were getting together after a museum visit and we found out that it was exactly that - uninspiring! The tables are so low that you cannot get your legs underneath so a group of us all sat sideways at the table! The veggie burger was a patty in a roll - that's it!! No sign of garnish, salads etc. Most of the meals looked like they had come out of a Sainsbury's meal packet. The cheese plate was like a children's plate of cheese and biccies you give them when they get home from school! Unbelievably bad cheddar to spend 8 pounds on. Location is obviously what makes it popular - and it is SO busy - but there is no other reason for it to be. 
Good atmosphere inside but the food was bland and nothing special. The starters were fine but the main dishes, well, I could have done better myself and I'm not very good at all.  
Didn't think too much of the food or the service in this restaurant. It has recently been updated, so hopefully the cooking and service has improved too. 
Venue and food looked great online, being in quite a nice area we had high hopes. We booked a table for two for a meal before a show at the RAH. Unfortunately it wasnt anything special, ordered two burgers and pepsi's - burgers were rather bland and basic, pepsi was flat and weak. May be better if you drink! It is a pub afterall, but not for us unfortunately.  
We booked for a meal at 5:30 before show at Royal Albert Hall. Menu looks inviting but after 1/2 hour wait (not unreasonable as pre-event) fish and chips under cooked with soggy batter and small. The chicken pie which was described as being in a ramekin with a pastry topwas a steak pie. On telling waiting staff of error apology made and we were advised that correct meal would be provided in ' 5 minutes'. 
We (party of 5) had booked a table for 5.30 pm, prior to a concert at the nearby Albert Hall. We arrived a 5.10pm to have a drink first. Our table was ready at 5.50pm... We ordered food straight away, after 20 minutes I enquired of the food to be told that it is "on its way", 10 minutes later it was "within 5 minutes. at 6.40pm it was "there is a 90 minute wait for food". I asked for the manager.. little hope of that happening!!! At 7.05pm the food arrived, very sparse plates of food for the price paid. 
Booked for dinner early December and called in person (couldn't get thorough by phone) to make the booking an hour earlier and fair enough we were accommodated. However, the food in my opinion was very disappointing and the service very odd. Wine, drink, water plonked on the counter and you had to get it yourself. Even though we were an hour earlier than was our original booking when my guests wanted to order dessert we were told the kitchen was closed. It's a really lovely cute pub with a lovely atmosphere but I couldn't recommend it as a restaurant I'm afraid. 
We visited this place on the recommendation of some friends - its located in a basement and hasn't been refurbished since it opened more than 20years ago, the beer is very expensive and the staff were not my cup of tea - a little bit too friendly. I won't return! 
This was the first place we ate at in London. Got the fish and chips. Personally I didn't care for the breading on it. They were out of one of two cask ales they offered which was disappointing. Cleanliness was a bit subpar, nice enough staff. My girlfriend wasn't wowed by her food either. If anything, just go for drinks.  
Nice place to take a beer but the food is not taste. It is not worth to eat. Very nice music and good service. 
Ordered a chicken tikka main course delivery with other choices. It did not arrive. Phoned and complained. Advised it would be sent shortly. Again did not arrive after 1 hour. Phoned again and they said they were very busy. Don't order delivery here and expect it will arrive all together so you can eat together - and they don't seem bothered. 
Another nice meal, recommend the fish cakes, delicious .Thanks to the attentive staff,Jack,Marcie,Jo,Eloise,Cat and Bev. Great evening 
All very nice when it was newly opened. Food isn't great. Staff are ok. Music is to loud for lunch time. Paint work it's looking a bit tied shame as it's only been open a few months. 
I found the bar staff so unhelpful almost rude. That is why I am giving two stars. First impressions are normally what stays with you. We had dinner there and the staff serving were so much more friendly and helpful.  
This is my local and it has just had a long needed refurb. My impression is that because of the makeover the pub is punching over its weight. The menu is not inspiring and, sorry folks, in my opinion the food was mediocre at best. We accepted the advice that there was a 20 minute wait for food, fair enough, it was pretty busy. The good news was that it didn't take that long the bad news was that the starters and main came up at exactly the same time. A real shame. I would be happy to have a drink here, it's a lot livelier than it used to be and much cleaner and inviting. I doubt that I will return for food again. Never thought I'd hear myself saying this but I'd prefer to slum it in the 3 blackbirds for pub grub. 
Went for a drink on Saturday evening, the pub has just been done up and very nice it was just a shame about the service at the bar had to wait 10mins to be served as only two staff working behind bar in the end we left and so did a lot of other people all moaning about the wait at the bar for a drink will not be going back until they get more staff 
I have eaten here 3 times over the last few weeks as I work close by now and each time I have been sorely disappointed. Jacket potato with unmelted cheese and lots of cold butter. Club sandwich with dry cheap chicken and fatty bacon and the price is too expensive for the quality of food! 
I was treated to a birthday dinner at this place, and had a n unpleasant experience. We got our starters after 30mins from ordering and the main course took even longer. The service is terrible. Apparently, the main chef was not available that day!. The food including tikka came straight from the microwave and was not sizzling hot. There were other diners complaining as well. They really need to improve on service. 
Not bad, the food was ok but nothing special. The price is a little high for a station cafe, better service and decor can be enjoyed at other places in Uxbridge. 
Having been recommended by a work colleague to visit, a group of four of us went on Friday. It was very disappointing, 3 of us asked for the vegetarian vine leaves to be told they didn't think they had any but then to say had two so I had the vegetarian mousaka. The meat eater ate theirs all 3 of us vegetarians left it as it really was not fit for consumption. 
I used to come here a lot when this was Everest lounge. Last time I came here Masala Gallery were transitioning into their new restaurant so they had the same menu/chef as Everest. Now that Masala Gallery has their own menu it's not as good.  
Miserable staff no atmosphere food poor. Had a cheese omelette it was flat and dry. Would not visit again. 
I wanted to like Orpheus as it is a cozy looking restaurant. A bit twee and 60s looking but that is OK for a romantic couple. Unfortunately I was disappointed on my two visits.  
As is often the case I couldn't be bothered to cook this evening. I've visited this place before and really liked it the first time but in this occasion the food was just ok. I ordered 2 sausages a large chips for my husband and I to share for supper. The sausages were good but the large portion of chips they gave us was barely enough for one person never mind two people! I'm quite small in size and don't have a huge appetite and still thought the portion was considerably smaller than what I'm used to when I usually order. Large portion of chips from the local chippy.  
Where do I start, I try not to eat Kebabs etc but just had a craving for something spicy rather than having a fish dish. The service was very poor despite there being plenty of staff. I ordered a large Doner Kebab and was very disappointed. Virtually all of it went in the bin. The Doner meat was cold and it needed a couple of minutes in the microwave. It was very greasy, the paper it was wrapped in was drenched in grease. I also had a portion of chips which looked ok but tasted awful. Plenty of salt & vinegar needed to give any taste.  
Chicken was rubbery. At £19.50 for a chicken breast I'd expect better. Then had phone call at 11pm asking if I could come down to pay, as I didn't sign bill after my meal. They took room number so I assumed the bill would be to my room... So got dressed came to reception to pay bill only to be told I'd have to do it in the morning.  
It is a very ordinary restaurant of Hilton hotel, the quality of the food it is lower then medium accettabile standard, compliant with food it is the service. Not positive experience  
I had dinner with a work colleague at this restaurant earlier this week. We both had burger and chips which cost close to £20 each! Unfortunately the meal was poor considering what we paid. We had a business lunch there 2 weeks before which was also very poor but thought the restaurant was having a bad day. This restaurant let's down a very good hotel which has excellent staff. 
Good was ok to average. Nice atmosphere, but the service was shocking. Waiting over 40 minutes for main course. Couple next to us had been in the restaurant 1.5 hrs and still had nor recorded there mains! Value for money ok, if you are ok waiting.  
Arrived on 27 Mar 17 at 5:45. The pub was busy and stood around for 15 minutes waiting for a table. Finally a waitress told us it would be busy until 7:30, come back then and it would virtually be empty. Good advice, waited until 7:26 and returned and she was correct. Placed our order and had a drink. 39 minutes (thirty nine minutes) I asked the person who took the order (and my money) where our meal was. He asked what table we were at (even though he looked right at us as he was eating his meal) and the waitress, whom also walked by the table numerous times, said it would be right out. Shortly it arrived. I was curious, what happened? Stopped a staff member and thinking he was the manager but to find out the manager was not on site. This guy offered an excuse and said the message would be forwarded. Found out the guy who took our order was the acting manager. When he happened by I did try to talk to him. He infured 
Visited this restaurant for the first time and ordered their set mezze menu for 2 people, normally when a restaurant offers a single set menu, I take that as meaning the 'best of' or whatever they've selected as best. 
I am absolutely gutted to give it a poor review. I went after reading previous reviews and it is close to the Royal Albert Hall. It is a lovely setting and the atmosphere inside was buzzing that's the only reason I didn't give it less of a score. The steak was the chewy and fatty. Staff were friendly thoug. 
I've been here a few times now and it has always been very good. U unfortunately today I didn't have a very good I experience. 
After reading good reviews on trip advisor, we decided to try the pub for drinks and food. Nowhere to sit and no view to being seated soon. After bar staff ignored us and served everyone around us, we finally got a drink. We decided not to stay as atmosphere was not great. 
It is a part of the breakfast lounge of the Hilton hotel. I ate twice in it this week. I didn't enjoy the meals. The cook seems to be inefficient as I ate last year in the same restaurant and was better. The manager and the waiters are very nice but they don't cook. If you are staying in Hilton, you may be obliged to visit it. 
The mews location and charm also being so close to Royal Allbert hall is something they seem to be relying on. Atmosphere is good but the food is very mediocre. Choose menu food that they can't spoil too much! Sorry, I and many of my friends have been 3 to 4 times before but it has lost its appeal. 
Interior of restaurant needs a good clean as cob webs can be seen. Food basic and chicken was too dry but the service was impeccable. 
I only used the restaurant because we were meeting someone on a stop over. This restaurant will be busy purely because of location. There is no other reason to use it. It is grossly overpriced with small portions. I doubt they could make the steak any smaller.  
I was very disappointed with the food you serviced me,when ordering the chicken pie were told it was the last one.Well when it arrived the pastry was solid ,and inside the pie it was burnt and dry,it should not have been serviced to a customer.Your stafff apologised ,and offered another dish,so I choose the steak pie ,the meal was ok but not a lot of meat in the pie and chips were so hot they burnt my mouth.You were very busy on Saturday afternoon and your staff seemed pressized..The friends we were with were recommended to visit your pub, they were embassed that your food and service were not up to expectations 
The sausage and chips we had this afternoon were tepid and looked awful. they were covered in black eyes and had the look and texture of yesterdays left overs re warmed. The sausage in batter and the chips must have been in the warmer since they had ffirst opened is all I can think of. They on occasion have a good day and the chips are hot and fresh. When we discover a better chip shop will will be using that. I think todays offering was the last straw for Churchills 
Efficient, friendly and welcoming staff but the cod and chips I purchased was poor. I won't be going back. 
They are trying to be trendy and instead of offering attractive food are just not giving enough to satisfy basic hunger. Then add indifferent service and you have a perfect night to forget. 
I ate here whilst staying in the Hilton. Food is delicious and I had the Shepherd's Pie with wilted cabbage, which is superb! 
Great looking pub but would not recommend it for anything but a few drinks.  
We were visiting the onsite spa and were told we could go up to the gallery in our robes for a bite to eat. We arrived and were seated in an almost empty bar area. It quickly became clear some very unhappy customers were being dealt with further over in the same area. We could hear the whole discussion about argumentative staff and waiting times. We were hesitant to order but decided to go ahead. We had wanted afternoon tea but felt that at £25 it was too much. We both opted for sandwiches which came with salad. They were tasty but in my opinion they were expensive for what they were. We paid £6.50 for a large bowl of chips and 'garlic ' Mayo which tasted anything but garlicky!  
Very friendly staff, however the service was very slow and disorganised (we waited an hour to before we were even served bread, despite booking a table ahead), and the beers tasted very off - we guess they had been in the barrell too long over lockdown but they shouldn't be serving them. Also, half the dishes we ordered they had run out of, even though it was the beginning of the night, and what we were served was mainly below average especially considering the price (although the onion soup was good). 
Visited this restaurant for the first time today and although a couple of the starters were nice, overall I wasn’t impressed. The escargot and octopus (starters) were actually pretty good, but the beef tartare was over spiced with Tabasco and the mussels lacked seasoning or any kind of flavour. The accompanying chips looked like they had been cooked a while ago. 
The house wine and my starter (goats cheese with couchette) were very good. My crepe with lemon at the end was a bit dense but nice. However, the tuna with green curry and aubergine main course was raw, sinewy and tasted only of chili powder. My partner’s crab starter was so strange he thought he had been served steak tartare in error and the pork and sweet potato dish he had afterwards was nothing like the advertised caramellised delicacy described - it looked and tasted like a poor quality school dinner decorated with raw fat. Very, very disappointing. I know they have only just opened up again but they really should think about re-employing someone who is actually a chef. 
Had an unsatisfactory Saturday night at Gazette with long periods of inactivity and inattention mixed somehow mixed with a rushed meal. After we sat for about 15 minutes with menus and no-one asking if we wanted pre-dinner drinks, we finally had our order taken - 1 starter, 2 mains and 2 drinks. My wife's drink arrived a while after, with mine nowhere to be seen - I eventually collared a waiter who finally brought me it (and then another waiter tried to deliver the same drink a few minutes later). Almost immediately after that our mains arrived - no starter. I tried in vain to get someone's attention to get more drinks later on but failed completely - the waiting staff's inability to make eye contact is quite impressive. Finally giving up, we asked for the bill and then had to sit and wait another 10 mins before payment was taken. No-one bothered to ask how things were when we paid or left - at least they didn't try to charge us for the non-existent starter. Food was fine, but the experience was so poor we don't plan to go again - the staff should visit HomeSW15 to see how great service can enhance the dining experience. 
I've never been invisible in a restaurant before. We arrived at 7.30, well before people at the tables next to us. We ordered drinks, but then it appears we evaporated. Food orders were taken from the tables around us, and we finally decided to put our hands up and wave. In other words, we had to ask to be served - another first.  
Went at my daughter’s insistence. I have never found the food here exciting. Somehow the food here lacks something, perhaps more herbs needed.  
Food not great, serving staff overwhelmed, place was heaving on a saturday night - I wouldnt go again  
Things didn't get off to a great start when the next table was served before us despite arriving after us. 
Slow service, drinks were flat, no atmosphere here no candles lit on the tables . The place needs a total revamp the interior is extremely dated. Was giving a hot towel at the end of my meal which was torn and hanging in pieces.. Food only ok. Would not return here  
Stayed at the hotel on our return from Asia. After a 13 hour flight all we wanted was some food before getting some sleep. We ordered steak and was informed it would take 40 minutes to an hour to cook? Really?After complaining to the duty manager we were informed the kitchen was busy but they would do it as soon as possible. ( we could see about half a dozen people in the restaurant. We decided to order some starters to keep us going! When the food arrived it was very nice but very expensive. For 2 starters, 2 steaks and a drink each the bill came to just under £100 ! I suppose having been in Asia and eating much better food at a fraction of the cost spoiled us. This is a really nice hotel and would definitely stay here sgain but would choose to eat elsewhere. It's a shame that we just can't seem to offer quality food in a reasonable time at a reasonable cost in our hotels. Asia do it very well, we could learn a lot!! 
Set in a very pretty mews, this London pub looks very inviting. Inside was very loud & chaotic, we reserved a table for food & only 3 out of 6 got their food. We complained twice and then received the rest of the food after quite a while. Food not great - Disappointed!!  
Having lived in Kensal Rise my entire life I decided to try this restaurant for the first time in over 20 years.  
Oh dear! I am hoping this was just a bad day but it was hard to say anything positive other than that the staff were friendly and trying to do their best considering how much food from the menu was unavailable. My 12 year old ordered gammon with pineapple and egg but they didn't have any pineapple so was served two overcooked eggs. My son-in-law ordered a Cheese Ploughmans - the "mature cheddar wedge" was 1.5 slices, cut into triangles, of processed cheese and no apple (they didn't have any). The tile it was served on looked pitiful as the pickled items were served in tiny individual paper containers - they had tried to stretch out the processed cheese to make it look more, but it didn't. I ordered the fish from the "2 for £8.95 menu" to complement the gammon meal but the fish was overcooked and had a tan to be proud of!! The deserts were a joke except i wasn't laughing. They had no vanilla ice cream. The lemon meringue roulade was the only thing that was correct from the whole meal! my daughter's KitKat sundae was 2 fingers of Kitkat with a scoop of strawberry ice cream and chocolate sauce, The Strawberry Eton Mess lived up to it's name - a mess.I had no ice-cream at all - just a broken meringue nest, a squirt of aerosol cream, 2 cut up strawberries and a bit of red sauce, No apologies were given for the incomplete desserts or lunches other than "we haven't got any". This was a Friday lunchtime so I dread to think how they will cope with the weekend, especially as it is World Cup Season. I definitely will not be going back unless it is a complimentary meal with all ingredients being available. 
Went to the Anchor on Friday for lunch. Staff friendly, pub dead !! When my wrap arrived it had a long black hair in it, I couldn’t eat it! It really put me off my lunch. I was really looking forward to it but ended up starving!! Will not be going back due to this. 
Booked a table for 6 people online and the table was ready for us but that's about as far as the efficiency and accuracy extended.  
Nice pub tucked away on a mews & close to Royal Albert Hall. Unfortunately on my visit I was given incorrect change to the tune of a tenner. I had paid with a £20 note but was given change as if I'd only given him a tenner. Right afterwards he disappeared & I had to ask another bar man to give me the correct money. I wasn't impressed, esp as this is an up-market boozer. I felt very suspicious that the barman intentionally tried to fleece me. 
We ordered a take-away from Khas. Although the staff is lovely and the food arrived on time, sadly the food was disappointing. My prawn jalfrezi was very oily and the naan bread was chewy and tasteless.  
We ordered a take away from Khas this week. We've been trying out the different curry places on kensal rise for the past couple of months, and we all agreed (4 of us were eating) that this is the poorest yet.  
We had Sunday lunch here a couple of years ago and it was fantastic, sadly our food today did not live up to expectations. I had sirloin steak and French fries with watercress, Parmesan and salad. The steak was a bit chewy but I suppose that happens sometimes, the fries were pale and sad, there was no salad and the watercress had seen better days. If I had served this meal to a guest at home I would have been extremely embarrassed. My partner's burger was disappointing for similar reasons. At around £15 for each meal it was overpriced for what it was. On the positive, the beer was good and the bar staff are friendly. Unless we caught the kitchen on an off day I would say go for a drink but eat elsewhere. 
Went there today for sunday lunch with my partner, our daughter and grandson.I think there had been a christening party in the bar before we got there as most of the tables were dirty,my daughter cleaned our table with wipes before we could sit down. We asked about sunday lunch but was told they were not serving it today. We decided to try the steaks instead. We ordered 3 rump steaks and 1 steak and piri piri chicken combo. The first thing to go wrong after we had paid was we were told they did not have 4 normal sized rumps but we could have 1 large steak for a pound more.Had we know this at the time of ordering I think we may had cancelled the order and gone somewhere else. When the meals came they were cold and the steaks I felt had been cooked from frozen and not been allowed to rest. On previous visits the service and food had excellent it's a shame today was not to the same standard. 
TODAY as a treat as I have been working away we had a family meal and will never eat there again. I had the wings on the ultimate platter were dry as card. When I complained the manager ( i think ) was lovely took my meal away and said we will get some fresh made. my whole family had eaten and I then asked where the meal was it was just sat there on the hot counter in the kitchen. so I was completely forgotten about and by the time the plate came out the wedges had dried up and the wings were horrid anyway. the rest of the families meals were all good. but to top it off the fat chef kept coming to the door with a smirk or grin on his face. just felt that after the complaint I was not a priority. I am a store manager and give everyone the opportunity to redeem themselves, but even though I was not happy I could see that the manager was not bothered and we were sat in front of the kitchen doors, tills and in full view at all times so it wasn't even that they couldn't see us and forgot we don't eat out much but when we do it will not be there and I will tell all my friends that also. 
Stumbled upon this place on a Sunday night. First impression was great, but then I tried to order food... There was no pie, no steak, no roast... so I ended up with the the pork. I have to say that despite it being the fourth choice, it was really good. So I thought I'd see what dessert was like... but again they didn't have anything available. It was actually easier to list out what is available. I just gave up at that point and left. 
Phone on the wednesday to book a table for Easter Friday to be told quite bluntly " no don't take booking first come first served " ok not a problem so hubby got there at 1 o'clock and lots of empty tables so far so good. I was actually at work so looked at menus on line and gave him my choices not so good both starter and main choice not available, chose another main again not available third time (steak) lucky or not so lucky as it was very fatty and lost quite a bit due to gristle. The starter of fried mussels where practically inedible as they resembled bullets. Finished of with cheese board (cheddar, blue and Brie) both Brie and blue where 90 % rind so again not great. I know it's a pub but our total bill including 2 bottles of Pinot was just shy of £100 not at all worth it in my opinion I've had far better in a weatherspoons at less than half the price  
Bar staff friendly enough. Pub interior a bit dark & shabby but still felt welcoming nonetheless. That's the good news. Food was shocking. Asked for a granary sandwich - the bread (which was white) was very dry and the cheese filling minimal. The birds would have thrown it back. Jacket potato was marginally better despite the minimal cheese & baked bean filling. It was inexpensive -personally I'd rather pay a little more & get something rather more edible. Good if you're on a budget.  
I had octopus with chick peas purée, it was tasteless ! For the side salad ( big !) dressing was not good , equally tasteless! It’s like the chef hasn’t tasted his food! Not impressed at all!  
We found this place online and went Saturday Sept 21st. The set lunch time menu which I read online (and read well - I was already lining up the mallard main) wasn't available on Saturdays - this is not stated online. The space was completely empty at lunchtime on a Saturday!! (a couple with this school children eventually doubled the attendance) but for an hour or so there were more staff than customers - 4 waiting staff/management congregating at the bar and a brigade of 2 downstairs (you have to go past the kitchen for the long walk to the bathroom...through unlit corridors littered with boxes and packages in the main walkway). A bottle of cremant commands a very punchy price of £35 (note 10% is added to your bill to) - this pop is readily available in supermarkets for about £7 so a big big mark up and contributed to a bill well north of £200. Snails were okay (dozen for £9- a bit perfumed) and a crab coleslaw was okay. In the absence of a set menu I had the £17 (£2 more than 2 courses midweek) duck from their seasonal game menu - I asked for it rare (assuming it would be a duck breast with crisp skin) - it was presented very well overdone, cut in half with the bone in. Not great - perhaps the waitress hadn't heard my request. A steak tartar came with the theatrics of being prepared at the table, and although had notes of marie rose sauce the recipient was happy but at £17 is probably one of the more expensive versions in the city. The best main was the pork - a generous portion well cooked. The carafes of house red and white were serviceable table wines. I read that the space has recently be refurbed...it was in my opinion quite dark and dingy...dark woods and low lighting. It wasn't awful - but it was a lot of money for the experience, the service was a little sloppy (too many cooks spoil the broth) and some of the food was mediocre. I'd introduce the set menu for Saturday lunchtimes as its such a competitive time ...but currently it looks like people are voting with their feet as the restaurant was empty. I hope they turn things round as its a stonking location and I prefer sampling independent restaurants than average chains run by accountants. But for now it needs a bit of work - people generally wont pay £50 a head plus at lunchtime. As well as the sloppiness online they provide an end of bin wines menu - just a handful at a value price. None of the reds on this menu was available... 
I have been here more than once but not through my own choice. If you want a fish finger sandwich, you may enjoy your food if you order before they run out! Not overly friendly, not overly comfortable and not an overly nice menu... On the plus side, there is quite a large beer garden... 
I had reserved a table for a sunday lunch to celebrate my birthday. 
Sigh  
Really poor. Went tonight- friday the 25 th october. Starting with the local manager - we had problems with our meal , wrong orders, assumed he would sort it - no chance he charged us for everything, including a salad we never ordered, never apologised and did not even see us out the door. Steak i ordered was well over done, when i asked for medium rare got it back raw, rest of the family had finished..it was too late to send it back. Used to be a place where at least the quality of food was superior - . Service was a joke. We used to enjoy the wonderful service we got here - not any more. Poor service, still good (but not worth the price food..) how did this all happen? Such a shame this has descended to such a farce in such a short period of time. As a local putney resident i have always advertised Gazette to my local, now frankly i am hugely embarrassed. Will not be going back until the whole management / service quality has changed. 
I have been to this restaurant many times over many years and enjoyed fabulous food. I went this week and there was a change in menu and a significant change in the standard of the food. I've always had a steak here (I don't have it in many places but its always been great here) and been really happy with my meal but this week the steak was really poor - thin rib Eye, tasteless even on medium cook. My green salad was a bowl of what looked and tasted like little gem lettuce with just a table spoon of dressing plonked on top. The frites have changed and looked really badly presented in a horrible white bowl. The green beans were floating in butter - some butter is great but they were dripping in it. My friend had a salad but to be honest it was no better than going to a general chain restaurant. This is such a shame I uses to love this place. I won't be returning. 
First impressions here were very high and I was expecting great things from the menu (especially given the high cost!) Unfortunately, the service was not up to scratch, we waited 15 minutes for garlic bread and 20 for our drinks. We didn't mind too much because we were a big group celebrating and weren't in a hurry, so I could have overlooked, but this continued all evening. Not once were we asked if we would like more drinks/water I had to keep flagging down the waitress (please note this was a fairly empty Monday night and we were a group of 12). The steaks were asked for in a variety of ways, from rare to medium, however, they all came about the same. They brought the chips which were meant to be served with these but only brought 3 plates to share (I will remind you of our group size). I asked for another plate as I thought this was fairly stingy. Our waitress was not friendly at all, no "oh sure no problem" just a nod, every time I asked for anything. The final straw was when I ordered a (£5!) crepe for dessert and it was not fresh. I'm pretty certain it had been microwaved. 
Trying to watch the World Cup and the music completely ruins the experience as you can't hear anything going on, and the jukebox doesn't really communicate the relaxing pub feel. As the pub advertises that they will be showing the World Cup I feel that pub-goers can at least expect to watch the World Cup with some audio, and without obnoxious music being played at the same time. 
Not really! The pub garden was small and was more of a playground. The food was poor to satisfactory at best. I can understand the attraction for some especially with kids but shall not return. 
Lovely, ambiance, very friendly staff...unfortunately each time I have been here either the main course, the starter or sometimes both are drenched in salt making them almost inedible. 
When we arrived we were not given menus. I had to ask for them. We ordered the bread and olives to start. They came with the mains and we had to remind a waiter about the order. We brought a birthday cake with us which the staff kindly brought in however I also ordered a dessert which they did not bring until reminded. The restaurant was quiet on a Monday evening. There were sometimes more staff than customers, however they could not get the simple things right. Staff were chatting amongst themselves a lot of the time. Sometimes staff were overly attentive and at other times completely the opposite!! An odd experience. The food was good. 
Sat 2nd Feb we booked a table to celebrate my 40th. All our guests were looking forward to their meal as being locals we have been to Gazette many times before and have always raved about the food and service. Sadly this experience was the complete opposite.  
I was really looking forward to dinner at gazette. Menu looks very french but that’s where the parallel with a brasserie stops. Brasserie food is normally good quality ingredients, tight menu, well cooked. Unfortunately gazette is a bit like a placebo. It looks good but is really nothing special. I had the warm foie gras, which a super tiny portion where all the fat had melted and apples were soaking in it. I had the ribeye, again on small side, fries not particularly good. Pinot noir for £35 not great. Yes bit of a theme... Well be warned, very very average for £60 per head. 
Arranged to meet friends here for dinner before going to a concert at The Royal Albert Hall which it is very convenient for. Tried to book a table on line & got a reply to say they would text or call to confirm later which they never did. Undaunted we planned to arrive early to be informed by the barmaid that they don't take bookings on Fridays, it would be helpful if they put something on their website to that effect ! Still Undaunted we was able to find a table to wait for our friends, 15mins later the pub was full. The pub is "cosy" & the management have tried to fit in as many tables as possible whilst still allowing some standing room for those that just want a drink but this is not helped by the use of mismatched bench rather than normal chairs. Where we sat the bench couldn't be pushed back to the wall because it was too long & got in the way of the radiator also if either of us wanted get up the 2 people on the table next us had to get up as the bench they were sat on blocked us in, very inconvenient ! The menu looked quite appetising but unfortunately for us nearly half of the dishes were "off" when we queeried why this was so at 5 O'clock on a Friday we were told they had been busy at lunchtime ! Getting served at the bar was a lottery,with at times only 1 person serving at customers all vying to catch the bar man's attention. The food we had was good but by the time we had managed to successfully chose something they did have & place our order we already had wished we were somewhere else. Maybe we would have had a better experience if hadn't been a Friday evening but not sure that I will go back to find out, shame nice pub but disappointed  
We decided to drop in here before going to a show at the Royal Albert Hall on recommendation. After waiting more that 20 minutes to be served (it was busy, but the staff have no system, just whoever catches their narrow vision first) I finally got served - literally, 4 pints of ale and 2 burgers £45!!!! I know I am from out of town, but am well traveled in the UK. The burgers were good, but not that good, buyer beware. 
***We watched a steal be delivered to a table incorrectly instead of a burger..... it was taken away and sat on the bar for 5 minutes before the meal was delivered to another customer 5 minutes later...  
I had a cocotte meurette and was disheartened. It was surved in the cast iron pot it was cooked. It had three eggs (!!!) and the toast was in fact fried bread..... Not impressed. 
We went there for Christmas lunch (£55 for 3 courses). It looks tired and in need of a lick of paint. It felt stark and lacked atmosphere. There were many beer flies circling around the table which suggests they don't clean the bar properly. Food was so so, going downhill as the courses progressed. Staff were ok, but random service. An entirely flat experience, but we made our own fun. It's gone downhill. 
I had high expectations via my friend but what a disappointment.  
The smallest chateau briand I have ever seen came at £46 with nothing else. The roasted cod in soya source was far far too salty - almost sent it back. The staff were very attentive but the overall experience was very disappointing especially after reading good revues and looking forward to a good experience. This restaurant is not cutting it. My only recommendation is don’t waste your time and money. 
The plan was for a relaxed meal before a concert at the RAH. The outcome chaos. Despite booking a table we had to wait to be seated. Despite ordering our food some two hours before the concert was due to start, we only just made it. There seemed to be no structure or real concern over translating orders into food actually arriving at the table. As the pub filled up it was really not a pleasant environment to sit and wait for or eat food. When our order eventually arrived it felt like the product of an overworked and uncaring kitchen. I would not recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a pleasant carefree preamble to the Albert Hall 
I took my American cousins here on a Sunday as I wanted them to experience an English Sunday Roast and we were going to be in the area (I would have taken them somewhere I knew well otherwise). The meal was not pleasant and I was very embarrassed to have brought them here. 
My friend Sam’s duck was cold. It’s a quacking disgrace. So was the banger and mash. Which is bang out of order. and some other things weren’t great either. And the waiter was a bit of a misery guts. 
We went to the Queen's Arms on recommendations from friends, however we expect they haven't been there for quite some time. The service was unfriendly and rushed. There weren't many options actually available to choose from as they didn't have many of the dishes on the menu.  
As Putney residents we have supported this restaurant since it opened but in the last year it has gone seriously downhill in terms of customer service. Christmas Day lunch was disappointing in terms of service and quality of food but tonight we have experienced a meal that was rushed, cold and customer service that was poor and, worse still, our complaint was not taken seriously. After serious consideration we will not be frequenting this restaurant again despite its close proximity tour home. 
Had hot food and drink served to us by staff whose faces were completely uncovered. Quite reckless behaviour and I cannot go back until this changes. 
My partner and I are staying for a month just near and went there on a Monday for the 10£ burger+drink deal, hoping to find a regular pub to go to during this time. When we ordered, we were told the deal was not available anymore because the Becks was not available. So we took another drink on the same deal, it seemed annoying to them. We had to wait 50 minutes (yes, 50 minutes for 2 burgers) to have our food and some people at other table were served first. When I ordered another drink while waiting (no wonder why we had to wait 50 minutes...) someone ordering the burger deal was told he couldn't have it cause his drink wasn't available, as us, he picked to have another one : the Becks which was now available. The cider I wanted was obviously not in anymore and I had to have a bottle cider, more expensive. 
I came with my family on a Sunday for dinner, choosing to return here after our first good experience. This time things weren't as smooth: they had run out of beef burgers, during the weekend (in a pub it's like running out of beer, inacceptable!!). In the end we chose a chorizo burger, that was nice, and two chicken burgers, that were chicken breast steaks inside a bread bun. Overall always the same, nice atmosphere but without the good food. 
Four of us booked a 17:30 table for pre-Albert Theatre dinner as we'd visited last year and were looking forward to returning. Thank goodness we had booked a table as there were no free tables on arrival. Bar service was shocking - there were only two bar staff on duty, but getting service and a drink was taking between 10-15 minutes each time, not much fun when you have a table of thirsty friends.  
Me and my friends went to Urban M. to have a 3 courses meal (bought on Groupon) and we really enjoyed our food and the prosecco included. 
We ate here as it was close to the Royal Albert Hall and we were heading there for a matinee. It was rather disappointing. 
An hour after we arrived our main course hadn't. I asked the barman where our dishes were, after asking a second time, I was told they are being prepared and will be ready in twenty minutes. Too late, we had tickets to a show. Next time we go to RAH we'll find somewhere else. 
Heard really good reviews of this pub so thought we'd visit while we were in London at the weekend. Just short of £10 for a large glass of wine, for the one I wanted and it wasn't even nice - wow, I know it's London but you can get cheaper if you go further down the road. Husband's glass was dirty so they replaced for a nice sticky one - don't think I'd go back here - sorry not for me. 
My friend chose this place based on the location - we all wished she hadn't. Hugely over priced, food that ranged from average (crab starter) to terrible (caesar salad, virtually no dressing, thin slices of chicken that were straight out of the packet, a random overcooked poached egg on top), a very stroppy maitre d who didn't like us nicely asking for melted butter to replace the nasty dip that came with the artichoke. And filthy loos. There are so many better places, avoid. 
Our experience at the urban meadow cafe was horrible. We arrived and were greeted by the waiter which then told us we need to wait for the assistant manager to get a table. We were seated and then waited for 10 minutes to get assistance by someone. No menu was provided although we booked through Groupon. The order was taken by the assistant manager for Prosecco which took another 10 minutes to be delivered to our table in the front garden. Our food arrived although no PLAIN SCONES available!! We asked for more scones and sandwiches which cost 11£ extra for two scones and 4 sandwiches although there was no menu provided to prove this was the value of the extras. !!  
We went to the Gazette with a particular view to having a chateaubriand - do not do it! 
Although I had lived in the local area for nearly 20 years, I had only visited the Angel pub once before. 
We've been to this restaurant many times and always enjoyed it as it offers vegetarian options - however this time we asked questions about the ingredients used as one of our party was vegan - the staff lacked knowledge and we were totally confused - no itemised bill was provided as requested and we really didn't know what we were paying for. Overall a disappointing experience. 
Lived in Thames Ditton for over 20 years. Regular visitor of local pubs and restaurants. Unfortunately recent staff attitude within The Angel is more about them having fun than the diner experience. Five of us ate tonight with spend of circa £70 but one of the meals was very poor , swimming in dressing. When we complained the response was Oh!. when we raised it with another member of staff the response was again dismissive and uninterested. Shame great location but no interest in delivering an experience you would recommend . Won't eat there again. 
Food was excellent, and very good value. 
Unfortunately I can’t write a good review for this restaurant although it was highly recommended. It’s second time when we are going for launch and the greeting is: “we are closing at 2pm” and it was 12:55pm so enough time to have lunch.  
Our whole evening started with us standing in the door for at least 2 minutes waiting to be noticed by the floor staff in the quite empty restaurant. When after minutes he finally showed us our pre-booked table we had to wait at least 5 minutes for him to give us the menu in the still empty restaurant. Drink order has never been taken, even though we had a bottle of champagne included you would still expect the staff at least to ask if you want anything else to drink apart from that. When we finally got our wine he took the order, when it was ready he brought it to our table. After that he never bothered to come and check on us if everything was alright, when we needed something we were looking around in the restaurant hoping at least one of the waiting staff will look at us. Everybody was very unattentive, even after our meal nobody asked if we would like to have any coffee. I don't think that these are too high expectations looking at the fact that this restaurant belongs to Hilton. I would never go to this place again. 
Yeah don’t bother, bad potatoes, no carrots even though advertised on the menu. Super thick gravy, chewy beef not well cooked, but not the worse Iv had. Red cabbages tasted like it was cooked in sambuca. Over priced for what you had. Pub was nothing to shout about, looks a bit tired not well kept like the photos above. Yorkshire pudding was alright though, staff were alright, although advised us to get in contact with head office if we were t happy. Tbf the guy did say he would look into the carrot menu issue. 
I booked this for my husbands 50th Birthday using a red letter voucher I had exchanged. This is just a cafe which happens to do afternoon tea. The Champagne afternoon tea was £50 and it wasn’t worth the money. 
We have been to this Chinese restaurant many times and always had a good experience. Last night 11.2.2017 was busy but a good atmosphere. The food arrived, first two courses were fine. The main meal was nothing like the other courses. The waiter asked to clear the full plates of food and asked if everything was OK, we replied noodles too dry and hard, the rice was a starchy mass as we picked up the spoon the whole bowl of rice came out. We were told the items would be taken off the bill. During the night my husband who had eaten the meat dish that was orded, was up with stomach pains and running for the toilet.  
We last visited this restaurant about 8 years ago and decided to revisit it. We now remember why we don't dine there. Virtually empty when we arrived but slowly half filled. I wanted a glass of Prosecco but they only sell it by the bottle which was annoying as most restaurants offer Prosecco. We ordered the Seafood Set Menu. The stuffed Crab Claws and Squid in the starter was overcooked and chewy and this set the pattern for the whole of the meal. Overcooked, and one dish so spicy it was inedible. The Duck pancakes were the only good dish in our set menu. The service in the restaurant needs an overhaul too. 15 minutes waiting for coffee to be served just about finished off a very un-memorable meal. Most diners seated near us seemed happy with the food but in Hornchurch you are spoilt for choice so we won't be returning.  
This used to be a fantastic Chinese restaurant but has now gone so downhill. We used to be regulars but haven't been for a couple of years and what a disappointment going there tonight??  
We very rarely have a takeaway but my grandsons fancied a Chinese and we phoned what we thought would be one of the better Chinese restaurants in Hornchurch. It was a real disappointment the food was either swimming in a ubiquitous gravey or dry the crispy duck wasn't at all crispy and looked and tasted like it was cooked the week before. Overall quite expensive, a rude front of house (manager?) Who thought it funny to take the mikey out of my name. Not a place I would recommend or go to again 
Haven't been here for years, and a local couldn't remember as to why, so we decided to give it a go. Upon entering the restaurant could help but to notice how shabby it looked, a near thread bear carpet and tired looking upholstery didn't provide the welcome we had hoped for. Sitting down my backside very nearly fell through the chair (I`m only 9 stone) and my husbands chair was simply falling apart, honestly it was awful.  
I have been here a few times as the food is pretty good although when finding a hair in my chow mein I bought it up politely with the waitress only to have the owner come over and accusing me of placing the hair there myself ! I hadn't requested a new dish but simply a napkin in which to remove the hair ! Such a shame ! I won't be dining here again especially after many previous visits. For this I can't rate this any higher 
Have been to this restaurant on numerous occasions and always found the food and service to be very good, however this was not the case at the Sunday Buffet. Although we arrived at 13.30 the food appeared to be reheated, in fact I wondered if it was the leftovers from Saturday night. The staff did not appear at all happy, in fact everything seemed to be an effort for them. To top it all they charged £3.20 for a child's orange juice. Needless to say we will not be returning to the Buffet. 
When we arrived, we were promptly seated. Didn't see anyone that would serve us for a good 15-20 minutes after that? 
Meal was nothing to write home about. Over priced and for cheese board weighing scales were bought out. Charged by weight. Highly ungenerous in spirit and completely off putting. 
I really wanted to like this place. It started badly when we were told to sit in the corner at the back where we had to squeeze round another couple and because of the seating arrangement I ended up sitting at a strange angle on the table. When you spend a lot of money on a steak you expect it to be perfect, but unfortunately it was one of the toughest steaks I've ever had. We gave up on the desert because it took too long to arrive. To be fair they gave us a discount because of the poor experience 
Chinese cuisine is considered one of the best in the world, yet this place has been doing the same things for years, whereas look at the development of Chinese restaurants in the City and in Central London and beyond. I go to several every year, and although a bit pricier, the cooking technoques and flavours are really good. This restaurant is very established, but it needs change, and change is good. Chinese cuisine and techniques have really not been updated here and it shows. This area needs a good Chinese restaurant, and the usual pork and prawn dumplings, and microwave blasted duck and pancakes aint gonna be good enough anymore.>Times are changing, and this place needs to up its game. 
I went there with a friend for brunch on a Friday at midday. The restaurant was medium capacity. 
The Builders Arms is our local pub and we have eaten here a few times and thought the food was pretty average. Under the old management the food had been exceptional but since the new landlady (which was probably a few years back) took over the food has really gone downhill.  
I went with a friend here as we had heard about the specials that were on offer on a steak night. In all honesty to call what I received following ordering a steak is a bit rich to be perfectly honest! The waitresses were overly attentive, the wine over priced and the steak small, laced with fat and definitely not of a suitable weight to feed a small child. Over done and overtly disappointed. Raising the complaint with the waitress proved completely ineffective! 
I was interested to read the latest review, I have been recently and eaten the same meals apart from the bone marrow. 
My first course was a truffle risotto that honestly did not taste at all of truffle. After the waitress returned it to the chef, with an expression that left me in no doubt that I was wrong, returned it and it tasted exactly the same. My main was a tomato and pesto tart. This consisted of ready made roll out puff pastry with sliced tomatoes on top. The waitress took the dish off the bill after I returned it uneaten. 
I had dinner in Urban Meadow few day ago and I was really disappointed by the service. The restaurant was really quiet but the waiters were not attentive at all, everyone was too busy chatting with each other and checking their phones, which is not the nicest thing to see when you are expecting someone to take your order.The food was really good and the coffee as well but the service was VERY slow. Didn’t feel welcomed at all. I would recommend the food but with a different service.  
We had the set menu omg awful  
It kinda spoilt our appetite when you are met with a rude person.  
I came to this venue due to purchasing a Red Letter Day voucher for an 'Afternoon Tea for Two - A traditional English teatime treat', however my experience was anything but. 
Our lunch started badly, and rapidly went downhill. The sign at the door says "wait to be seated", which we did, and were ignored. We seated ourselves after a nod from the bar staff, and grabbed our own highchair. The menus, including a kids menu were brought out promptly, but we were left waiting to order for 10 minutes, despite having a toddler with us. The kids menu at £6.95 is horribly overpriced, with no starter, so little ones are left hanging around with no food. The food itself was fine, if over-salted and over-priced (£16 for an unremarkable burger, fries and soft drink - seriously!?). The kids menu is terrible. They only offer sugary juices, and brought out about 500 ml of apple juice for my 2-year-old in a thin glass cup. Her macaroni cheese was too salty and served in a ceramic dish with no side plate, which meant it was hotter than the sun. They forgot to bring me a spoon for my soup. They forgot to bring the icecream from the kids menu. After spending 5 minutes trying to request the bill, and about another 10 waiting to pay I got fed-up and paid at the bar. They didn't clear our plates in all this time, nor check how we were during service. The place then has the cheek to incorporate a service charge on the bill. In summary, mediocre over-priced food, and terrible terrible service. AVOID. 
Being invited for afternoon tea by a friend I had no idea what kind of place would it be but thought it would “hotel standard” 
Been comming here for some time but every time the food quality is dropping. Replacing home prepared food with out of the bottle products. Out of 5 dishes only 2 were passable the rice was a disaster using old sushi rice was stale and stoggy.  
Three course meal with wine very disappointed as it was a birthday gift. Table was sticky with glass rings , floor dirty with food . Food poor quality and limited choice on the menu we were given . Chairs decidedly uncomfortable. Considering this was Doubletree by Hilton, if you like nice food don't use this place for your evening dinner. 
Most people seem to end up here using a voucher that suggests afternoon tea at the 'Hilton'. 
We visited the urban meadow cafe with a dining experience voucher from Virgin Experience purchased by a family member for me as a birthday gift. As the voucher described the dining experience as a 3 course meal, with wine at the urban meadow cafe presented by double tree Hilton we booked this as we were due to stay at the Hilton Park Lane and we could use the gift for evening dinner. Also as the dining experience was presented by Hilton then we were expecting something of Hilton Quality. Upon arrival we were shocked at the overall appearance of the restaurant, it looked like a cheap cafe, the table was dirty, the floor was covered in food and the decor was tired and dull. The service was slow and annoying as the waiter was doubling up as a barman and waiter. As we had an experience voucher ( which by the way cost almost £100) we were presented with a very limited menu where most of the options attracted a surcharge. The only meat option available without a surcharge was Hamburger!!!!! Apparently the Chicken option was off the menu as they had run out!!!!! The wine was only a small glass of house wine which was bitter and un-palatable. Overall very disappointing, terrible value for money and certainly not worth dressing up for as most people who were in the cafe found out. We would certainly not recommend this place or visit again.  
Me husband and I went to your Kilburn brunch yesterday. The lady who served us was very very rude and bitchy. She was a short, dark hair darkish skin lady, around 25-28  
Took a very long time for a waiter to take our order. Staff were not pleasant, had no customer service. Our waitress (Leila) did not smile not really interested. The food was delicious, not really well presented.  
No one was interested in taking our order, the wait staff all walked past with their heads down. Another customer mentioned to a waitress that we had been waiting a while, she looked nonplussed and not at all interested in serving us. After taking our food order she almost walked off without taking a drinks order! After our meal my husband had to get up and go find someone so we could pay. The night was not busy at all and staff were either having a conversation with each other or wandering around. The food didn't take long to come and was quite nice!  
We went to Urban Meadow using a Wowcher, which suggested that the actual cost of our meal before discount would have been £90+. If we'd really paid that amount of money we would have been bitterly disappointed. The waiting staff were scruffy, which created a poor first impression, although, to be fair, our waiter was friendly and competent. Terrine of ham hock looked ok but tasted like cat food. The 'salt and pepper squid' did not taste of either salt or pepper and could have been from Tesco. When it came to the main course, the steak was perfect, although the Stilton sauce was distinctly watery. Burger was average, a bit on the greasy side. Nothing in the way of vegetables apart from the lettuce leaf in the burger. We were both pretty full, so we opted to take our desserts home and both desserts were actually very tasty.. Overall, it was a kind of sub-Nandos dining experience. By the number of bottles of Prosecco on the tables, I got the impression that most of the diners were on a Wowcher deal too. We had a nice night out, but kind of in spite of the restaurant. I don't think we'll go back 
This is the 2nd time we have visited this restaurant and it seems that the quality has dropped.  
We took advantage of a £28 Wowcher for afternoon tea for 2, which included 6 small finger sandwiches, 3 tiny cakes, a bottle of cheap prosecco, and a pot each of terribly bland herbal tea. 
I visited the place for a quick dinner on Sunday night. Staff do not speak or do not want to speak English so anything you try to explain to them is a challenge. They do not accept criticism and complaints. I only ordered 3 things: bibimbap (was just alright and nothing too wrong with it), kimchi pancake (one of the worst, tasteless and dry kimchi pancakes I ever had) and barley tea (was good). 3 pickled side dishes came with it and they were fine. I suspect the pancake was pre-made long ago or the mixture was old but after few bites and left it. I always order the same dishes when I go to Korean restaurants and so I know the taste of freshly made pancake and this definitely was not freshly made one. This place charge service charge so carefully check your bill. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. 
From my contact with the managers I thought it would be good but staff we rude and slow. Food is good  
We went as a group of 14 people and ordered a variety of dishes, but honestly none of the dishes were good. The first seafood pancake they brought tasted sour (prob something wrong with the dough), so we sent it back and they brought a new one which just tasted ok. The glass noodle and bbq dishes were really sweet. The most disappointing dish was the stew/hot pot which cost £35, but all they put in was just some processed meat i.e. loads of different sausages + ham / a little bit of pork belly / bean sprout and baked beans!! We think for that price, the dish is a total rip-off. The only positive thing is that the waiters and waitresses were friendly. 
Afternoon tea with my wife and daughters, a Mother's day treat on Saturday. Wowcher offer for £28, afternoon tea for two people with a bottle of Prosecco (was £72.50). 
I have had a business meeting here, so I thought to get breakfast only to realise it had been left under the heat light for so long it had gone dry! I will not be hosting any here for quite some time ... 
I have been going to Yami for years now and loved it but recently the food and service has been terrible. 
Rude staff rude manager slow service no coffee wrong food served although  
My first time visit here on Saturday 13th and I was impressed with the decor and ambiance. The menu offers a good range of Meat and Veg dishes and the food itself was flavorsome and a reasonable portion. 
Waste of time and money,food and wine took forever,food was well below standard,poor waiters running around trying to please a fully booked restaurant with orders on food and drinks coming at random time to random tables,food that was ordered never arrived together,sad really as previous visit had been a good experience. 
This place gets a poor review due to non existent service and a boring afternoon tea. I went with a group of friends and we had a bargain deal which included afternoon tea and a bottle of prosecco per couple. After waiting and being ignored we found our own table, the cafe was not busy and yet we still had to wait nearly ten minutes to be served. After being asked for our food order we waited about 15 minutes for the fizz to arrive, then (now gasping for a hot drink) we asked if we could please order our tea/coffee. The food arrived; unimaginative finger sandwiches, nothing else savoury (quiche etc.) and a few pastries which were nothing special. The scones were tasty though. The waiters basically left us to it and we had to try and catch someone's attention to request more hot drinks, The place was too cold, two of us put coats on. No members of staff says goodbye when we left. Rubbish!! 
Booked a table for Aunts Birthday for the Afternoon Tea Menu. The sandwiches and pastries were ok nothing special. However the customer service was terrible! The waitress was not attentive , and we asked several times for our drinks. There were other people not having the afternoon tea in our group and we got our food before they had even ordered from the menu!  
Booked a table of 9 with the family for a Birthday meal and I have to say overall it was very disappointing. We ordered a multitude of starters and the veg dishes were the only thing that was decent and authentic. The mix grill was terrible, the lamb chops were not French trimmed, So the excess lamb fat just covered the chop, the kebabs tasted like they were frozen as they were very hard and the wings were I kid you not raw and rubbery. I did call the waiter over and he was certainly apologetic and went to get some more wings for us. At this stage I didn't really want anymore and asked if he could take this off our bill but he didn't, he went and got some more wings (not what I asked for) Very disappointing, and RAW uncooked meat in really unacceptable. 
I was SO looking forward to this meal. This was my first visit (and possibly the last!?). However, the duck pancakes were excellent, but after that it was all downhill. Main courses were expensive, small in size and the taste was average. The service was terrible. My interpretation of service includes the staff smiling and making you feel welcome. We were made to feel like a nuisance. So much so, that at the end of the meal, I asked if the Service Tax could be removed. They answered, 'but we did serve you'??? The £1 charge for a slice of lemon was the icing on the cake. I did ask for a slice of lemon, but when I saw it detailed on the bill, I couldn't believe it! 
After many years as a GM diner. I am deeply felt cheated by it and if anyone have been there since (eat out help out scheme), you will noticed that all items has been marked up at least 30% !! Total shocked. The prices are much reasonable (before lockdown) also inc 20% VAT. As now 5% VAT prices are up so much??? Doesn't make sense. 
Visited this restaurant for the first time. I regret that it was a bit average. We had a burger and a beer for £9.99 which was good, a pulled pork burger which was lacking in barbecue flavour and a BLT sandwich which was not really a sandwich at all but bacon, tomatoes and lettuce on a slab of toast. The side of coleslaw was really tasteless. Another issue was that the prices on the menu are NOT the same as on the restaurants website - more expensive. Service was friendly. I will not be returning.  
I stopped here for a lunch after roaming around Kensington gardens. I had a burger and a drink. Halfway into eating my food, the waiter came and asked if I'm finished. That was just a terrible service and I lost my appetite. I asked for my bill and was surprised to find a compulsory service charge. For a burger and a drink, I paid more than £20. It's not worth it. I will not recommend this place! 
Visited with my family for our annual New Years dinner. Having high expectations after all these reviews.  
We stayed at this Hotel for 3 days in London. The Location was good for us to get around the parts we needed to, however we could not communicate in English with the people at the front desk. After being in 6 countries in 3 weeks we encountered many language barriers. We had thought that since we are in London, English would enable us to to find out about places and things for us to go see. They could not help because their English was so poor. Really aggravating, the Black Cab drivers were a great help not the hotel. 
Attached to our hotel and wanting to get out and explore London, we made the mistake of eating here. Rude staff to begin with. One server sat us by the window, then another staff member came over and made us feel like we committed a crime because we could only have tea by the window and moved us to another table closer to the center of the room. By the way, this table was dirty, missing some pieces of silverware and had a used coffee cup on it. Then yet another server came over and asked what we wanted? What do I want? Firstly, I want an apology for being treated like a vagrant, next, I'd like a CLEAN table with a full service set and lastly, I'd like to see a damn menu! As patrons of the hotel, we were offered a coupon to eat at this restaurant and receive reward member points also a choice of food at a discounted price. The server had no clue what we were talking about , even after showing him the voucher, then after discussing it with another server or manager, who knows, he returned to say that we had a choice of TWO items only! OKAY, there goes that "special". So we ordered the following: I ordered the BLT which was served with nothing, and a house salad. My friend ordered mac and cheese. My BLT came as an open faced sandwich which was dry and impossible to eat, my friends mac and cheese was the size of a grapefruit! My salad, although looking very fresh, had no dressing at all and the restaurant couldn't find any for me! NEVER would I eat here again, even for FREE nor would I recommend it to anyone! Horrible food, horrible service. 
We went there for Chinese Reunion dinner. Whilst the roast duck was delicious and succulent, the other dishes were mediocre. Peking duck was average, Chinese spinach with 3 eggs was average and the signature fried prawn was oily and disappointing. All 6 of us were squashed in a corner table and restaurant was noisy and busy. They also hurried us to finish the food for the next seating. Will not rush back.  
Given the long days of touring we tried the hotel resaurant twice but found the menu limited, the food ok at best and the service slow and not very friendly 
Appauling from start to finish. Ive never been to such a unorganised restaurant. Never again. 
We stayed at the Doubletree Hotel and this was the nearest restaurant upon arrival. My daughter was sick so only I ate here on the night of our arrival. The restaurant was located right off the hotel's lobby, nearly empty on a Friday night. I ate a ham and cheese sandwich on a thick slice of toasted bread with a beer. Service was very slow. The food was unremarkable. The bill was 15 pounds with a hotel coupon. The next morning we planned to eat breakfast before heading out for the day. Placed by a waitress at a large round hotel pouf with a table. We sat uncomfortable for twenty minutes with no one taking our order despite efforts to get their attention. We didn't even get water. We sat with menus in hand. Nearby tables were being serviced so after additional five minutes, we left. We would not like to think since we were Black Americans that we were being ignored. In any case, we never returned during our remaining stay at the hotel. Thank God other restaurants were nearby. 
Great food but get the bill it was in Chinese and English with no prices or tip was included. Just one total price for the food! Paying with card I was asked by staff if I would like add tip? Like a mug I did ! I worked out the bill when I got home Tip was included! So I paid twice! Be Warned ! Doggie Staff !  
Very poor service. Staff is unfriendly and not very communicative. The place completely lacks ambience. The entire time we felt as if we were being rushed to leave - the waitress even brought us the bill without wanting to know if we would like somethingh else. Food is tasteless and overprieced. Oh, and a "service tax" is charged. (If I'd have to guess, I'd say that their bad attitude towards customers results in no tips, and that's why they impose a service tax...). 
I booked afternoon tea with a Groupon Voucher one saturday afternoon. Very nice setting infront of Kensington Gardens and outdoor seating.  
A nice location for an outdoor drink but we've had awful service time after time. After 45 minutes waiting, orders are often wrong and the staff don't seem to care. 
I don't live that far from the Urban meadow and as it's not a bad central location with good outside space and pretty good food and drink they COULD have bagged me as a regular customer. However the staff are a dangerous combination of slow and rude. Any encouraging requests to be served a little faster are met with an eye roll and a sour look. If you don't mind waiting 15 minutes to get a menu and 45 minutes to be served a salad (while still being served the wrong order) then I'd highly recommend.  
The restaurant is usually packed, which I took to be a good sign. The dim sum looks good.  
They cancelled our reservation one (!) day before our dinner. The reservation was for Christmas Eve. So you can imagine how satisfied we were hearing that they dont have enough space for five persons. It was a horrible surprise and seemed not well-organised at all. 
A regular at Megan’s however very disappointed in the service and manager attitude. Got a croissant and it was burnt to a crisp when explaining that to the manager with picture proof was given excuse that it was crispy cheese and it was fine. Will not be back unfortunately.  
We like Megan's and stopped by (without a booking) at the weekend for lunch, but were dismayed at the lack of steps taken to protect customers from Covid. Inside the diners were packed-in as usual, with no apparent effort to increase the space between tables. Staff wore masks and there was hand sanitiser available only if you looked for it. There was no effort to take our contact details. We could see the our table being cleared from the previous diners, but it was not disinfected. The single toilet had sanitiser, but was pretty unpleasant and didn't look like it was being cleaned regularly. There were also no paper towels. If an infection is traced back to the restaurant, how are they supposed to trace walk-in diners? Should we have another lockdown and restaurants have to close again, Megan's can hardly complain. 
Staff rude and unwelcoming, despite numerous other reviews on here saying the same - they clearly don't care. 
The food was nice but the service was really slow. It took 25 minutes for us to manage to call someone over to take our drinks order. Understand when places are busy but it was not that busy. We had to then also call people down to order our food and get the bill. 
I went there with a group, three of us being vegetarians. Although there is a vegetarian menu, the green and red curries were not good, only having scraps of vegetables in them and no mushrooms at all. Very disappointed as expensive mistake. Won't be going there again. I don't usually give negative reviews, but this really was bad. 
The food was average, not too bad, was a ground 6 and each order our own food and food to share. 
When we arrived we were waiting in the reception to be seated. Three different members of staff greeted us and said we had to wait for the “host”. We had been waiting a while and it got super awkward as no one turned up to seat us. It seems that only ONE person can seat people on the table. I then overheard the waitress say that the host hadn’t turned up for work. But we were left standing in the reception for ages still. When we finally got to the table we asked for still water, they came over with a mix of still and sparkling but it even said “still”’on some bottles which then turned out to be sparkling? we all took notice that in the bathroom the toilet brush was FILTHY it was open for one and covered in brown. I hate to think what this was, completely unhygienic. Also the spacers are still left in the tiles. A basic small grouting job leaving it all unfinished and messy. We had bottomless brunch but EVERY time the waitress left people out and with empty glasses. We had to keep asking her to fill up one glass. After one time of missing it you would think she would remember the next time. Also - we wasn’t trying to judge people’s situations but our waitresses shoes were ripped to pieces and were very dirty. It didn’t give a good impression of the restaurant - either looks like they don’t get paid much or have terrible presentation. You can buy a smarter pair of plimsoles from primark for £1. Also when we finished our meal we was finishing up our drinks when they made us move from the table and didn’t even let us finish our drinks because some craft people wanted to use our table. Terribly bad manners when we hadn’t been finished our drink. We would have only been 10 more minutes as our cab was coming. The rude women kept giving us evils the whole time they was setting up clearly because they had no patience to wait for other paying guests. Very rude. & the waitresses clearly thought they had the right to be rude to us by making us leave the table. 
I live very close to the new Megans that opened up in Islington and am a student so when I saw that their gorgeous but cozy set-up and the laptops welcome sign, I thought I'd found my new study spot. I'm sad to say I was wrong.  
Booked a table of 6 with some other friends for dinner to celebrate a birthday. It was close to disaster. No sticky rice left (how does that happen?), the soft shell crab was black and a grease sponge, the pad thai was too saucy/thick and not fragrant and the seabass was so overpowered by the sauce we couldn't be sure which fish this was we were attempting to eat...it was drowning (no pun intended) in the broth it was fully submerged in. It all felt too rushed and it did actually spoil our evening. Wont be back for a long while...but will give it another go and hope i can come back and say it was a one off bad day. 
After reading so many good reviews about their roast duck, which some say has the best roast duck, I decided to try it out. We ordered some dim sum and a whole roast duck. The roast duck served was already little disappointed at first look, as it seemed burnt in many parts. It really proved total disappointment when the meat was dry and cold, the sauce has only the taste of soya sauce, which has no fragrance in it. They also forgot to put some chinese leaves under the roast duck, which we saw some were served with, as I particularly enjoy the leaves when I dine in other restaurants. We had steamed glutinuous rice, which turned out to be so salty, I had to drink alot of water. When we finished our food, a bill was immediately presented to us, fine, so we paid immediately. But after paying, we wished to use their toilet, and one manager commented : “Still haven’t left yet??” OMG I know there is queue out there but I don’t think I have dined in a budget place, food is not cheap, and no diner is deserved to be rushed off like this. Will not return. Will go back to my usual roast duck shop, which is a few doors away, where the duck will be served warm and the sauce is more fragrant and moist. 
We always liked coming here. But yesterday was just horrible. We ordered mapo-tofu that they served to the wrong table(which we didn’t know at first)- which is not great, but fine. They only realized their mistake when we were about to finish all our other dishes and asked whether our mapo tofu was coming. The horrible thing was that not only did the older male waiter take the mapo tofu from the other table, and served it to us, but he LIED to us that it was freshly made. Who does that. The dish was cold so there was no way they put the order in after we asked, had it freshly made and served it to us during those few minutes. That’s just unacceptable. It’s such a shame because everyone else works so hard in there, and that one waiter is ruining their reputation. I hope it gets better and he gets trained on common sense. 
While the decor and atmosphere are amazing. The drinks are small and the food is mighty average. I honestly rate your local kebab shop's food to be better value, more meat and a hell of a lot tastier. 
I have coeliacs disease which is essentially a very serious gluten allergy. Last week I went to Megan's and ordered the veggie brunch and specified (on two occasions) that it needed to be Gluten Free (it stated on the menu that GF was available). However when my food arrived the waiter said (whilst putting my plate in front of me) “is it an allergy or an intolerance?”, I specified I had an allergy and he said “then you can’t eat the mushrooms as they’re cooked in soy sauce”, as it had already been cooked and plated up, I accepted the plate gave my mushrooms to my friend and wiped my plate. 
Arranged a get together with few friends and family last weekend. Restaurant was very empty compared to previous visits. This may be because of the bland food and cold samosa's? Brilliant environment and very unique (5 stars), helpful friendly staff but no communication from manager. This is not acceptable from a frequent customer. Won't be visiting again. 
The food was absolutely horrible! Not so tasty food. One thing I did enjoy was the chops but that's it!!! I really wouldn't be thinking of going back ther again soon or recommending to my family or friends. I gave it 2 stars only cause I tried to give it 1 star but wasn't able to for som reason so yeh I rate pannas very poor I'm afraid sorry people. 
The duck with pancakes was dry and the sweet and sour shrimps was disappointing. The lady who served us was very nice though! Finally the bill is in Chinese which doesn’t help if u want to revise it. This place has changed unfortunately. 
Had a takeaway last weekend Thai Red Curry whilst the sauce was a lovely flavour the chicken was disgusting bot myself and my husband left all the chicken. 
Just visited after a break of about two years. Previously very happy with this restaurant. My Pad Thai was good though not spectacular. My aunt who was with me on holiday from Australia was really looking forward to this as she has often Visited Thailand. However her meal of yellow curry with prawns arrived 5 minutes after mine. After we left she admitted it was very disappointing and in her opinion not properly cooked. As she is a former owner of a fine dining restaurant I will defer to her opinion. 
I visited here to enjoy the bottomless lunch on offer. The restaurant has a really lovely atmosphere and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. We had a party of 6 and were given a lovely private room, however I believe this was a big disadvantage, it took 20 minutes (and One of us trying to find somebody to assist) for somebody to take our drink orders. When these arrived we ordered food which came 10 minutes afterwards. Once we had our food they seemed to be more tentative however unfortunately I wouldn’t rush back. There is also one toilet (for both men and women) which wasn’t ideal.  
Had a takeaway from this restaurant, not very nice at all. I like Thai food and the food from this place was not to my liking at all, maybe eating in would be better but we won't be finding out. 
Ordered food from Thaidine for collection. The starters were nice, yet the portions small for the price. The mains however were a different story, both the green and red thai curries had been reheated, they were bland and flavourless, the sauce was a coloured water. The mains ended up in the bin. Very upset as the meal for two cost £43 and food has been wasted. Don't mind paying if the food is enjoyable, sadly this experience has left me feeling ripped off. Alas, will not be eating from here again. 
We were a party of 5, including my 2 young daughters on Friday night, had made a reservation, when I got there at 6.30, I told the lady (Helen, who was very miserable) that I would like to sit downstairs, she replied that the tables were all arranged, I mentioned that we would not be long and would be out by 8.30, she made us wait for 10 mins while they added an extra chair to a table!!! In the meantime, all 5 of us were coughing like mad, because the cook had burned the chilli, and the aroma was permeating the air!!! There was no one else but us for about 30 mins. My aunty dropped water over the tablecloth, I called the lady, and she said 'oh it's ok, didn't dry it off or give us a new table cloth and left us to it!!! We ordered ribs, and no dip bowl to cleanse our fingers, again had to ask for this. To make matters worse, the waitress presented the bill at 8.00 without us having asked for it!!! Very disappointed, I did not tip and I won't be going back either!!! 
We booked a room here for my son's 18th birthday dinner last night - 14 people for a 3 course meal. We were very disappointed by the lack of service from the manager in particular. Trying to get the room sorted prior to the guests arrival was stressful and we felt no-one really wanted to help. The table had been set for the wrong number of people (when I had called earlier in the day to confirm this) and it took almost half an hour to sort this out. In fact we were told by the Manager that we couldn't have any champagne glasses as they were all being used by another party downstairs! This is not the level of service we expected from Megan's - and very different to how it used to be. 
I was very impressed by the whole decorative arts in this place. Service was good. Slightly slow at some points but the food looked wonderful. Only didn't taste good. All our dishes were made with one sauce and looked very similar. I'm Indian and have been to A LOT of Indians but this really let me down. We were all disappointed by the quality of food. Everything was thick and tomatoe based.the tikka pieces were dry and chewy. None the less at least we know not to come back.  
The placed seemed ok, waitreses/manager all seemed very grumpy. Slow service. We ordered food from the vegetarian menu, but honestly its a joke. Most of the things have shrimp paste / fish sause / oyster sauce. Where is the point in calling it vegetarian??? very disappointing. 
Came here for mums birthday dinner, service is appalling. Rude staff and no care attitude. Would not be returning any time soon. Food was medicore but lacks taste. Best part of the meal was the cake which was from CakeBox.  
I came her for my dad birthday and on my gosh has this place lost it rating!!! 
Very disappointed with the food, service and variety on the menu. The waiters ignore you, waiting over an hour for food, wrong order placed on table and then arguing with you. Customer service is not something they understand here. I don't think the food is of great quality and taste. Far better Indian restaurants around. 
I have frequented this restaurant a number of times and have found on each ocassion the service and quality of food declines each time. After my experience yesterday I am unlikely to return, on arrival we were informed buffet was available only to find the starters had completely run out and there was very little remaining of the mains with no sign of it being refilled (or any communication to suggest so) despite there being a couple of hours before the end of the buffet service. 
Went last night- friendly waitresses and nice interior. We ordered the weeping tiger dish but when it arrived the beef portion was far too small for the price we paid. Although it tasted nice it did not merit the price. Waitresses should have pointed out the small portion sizes so we could have ordered something else. Other than that food was ok but could really do with bigger portions. For that will not be recommending restaurant to friends. 
Having been here on many occasions over the years, this visit was very different. The food quality has changed in fact we all thought the chef had changed or there is a difference in the quality of ingredients 
Save Chislehurst, if this restaurant is crowned the best in Chislehurst... no doubt Chislehurst cannot compare to the likes of Blackheath or Bromley, but this restauant is NOT the best in 
I went with my friends to check out the restaurant and had a really bad experience. There were some young English teenagers at the entrance downstairs who must of been a little drunk, they said a few things to my friends which they didn't take to very well. The restaurant looks very nice but the food was not the greatest, we came on a weekday and it did not taste like it was fresh. Maybe we picked a bad day as my friends have been there before and have enjoyed it there before. 
I came here on the call of a close family member for a friend's Diwali dinner, with already a bad experience behind me here I was nervous going. My disappointment began at the bar. With around 4 people waiting to be served and only 1 lady technically attending I had to wait around 10mins to order my drink. It appears that all the staff tend to work around the bar manager who really appeared to be quite distant and unaware of myself and 2 others waiting for a drink. I wanted to order a particular cocktail for my wife following my own drink order and to my dismay the member of staff serving did not know how to make it. I asked what she did know and all she could suggest was a 'Cosmopolitan', so I settled for that. At this point I was already dreading the evening to come as this lack of knowledge and offering epitomises everything that is wrong with Panna's. 
I wouldn't rush here. They have a huge menu but the Thai dishes are on the back, typical take out Chinese prawn crackers (not Thai) with no dipping sauce and a pretty bland green curry with no kick and rubbery chicken.  
The beer is FLAT, the fried starters smell awfull looks like they don't change the oil the reason was the papadoms tasted the same as the mongo chips tasted like it was fried in prawn oil, the food was tasteless , saw a group paid cash no credit card payment I wonder where the cash went inland revenue please drop in......this must be the worst place I have been and mugged off. Supprisingly no comments to the bad reviews from the management only interested in cash and no service or good food , ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS as this place up 
Very slow service and we threatened to leave if they didn't take our order.Waited over 15 minutes to order. 
My husband and I ate here tonight. We were really looking forward to our meal based on other reviews. Unfortunately it was a disappointment. My sweetcorn fritters were very doughy and greasy, and the chilli sauce was overly sweet with no heat. My main was watery and unappetising to look at, think dirty dishwater with floating limp vegetables. The noodles were ok, the egg fried rice bland & tasteless. Maybe we caught them on a bad night, but we won't be going back.  
Just fancied an Indian meal on a Tuesday evening...but wish we had settled on our local takaway. The food was bland, especially the kormas...rather like licking a postage stamp, no taste, no flavour, no impact at all, the mushroom and onion bharjees were dry and bland. Certainly a meal not to remember...but sadly my stomach did about an hour later. The best part the lovely waiter so helpful. All overpriced £70 down the toilet...... 
Popped in for lunch at Gold Mine yesterday and can’t believe how much this place has deteriorated since our last visit a few years ago. We ordered a steamed pork dumpling, egg fried rice, and a portion each of the Cantonese roast duck and roast crispy pork. The meat is of suspect quality, the restaurant smells bad, waiters were super rude and staff don’t care. Our total bill for 2 was about £45. Never coming back. 
We usually go to “four seasons” which is 150 m away but it was full and we ended up here and the food wasn’t good.  
hi  
The staff were pleasant, patient and friendly. 
Visted Panna's on Saturday night 9th Feb with a party of 5. Quite a nice place but the service was so slow it spoilt the meal. Both food and drinks took ages to arrive, when we asked about our food we were told they were very busy. Such a pathetic excuse, they take bookings they know what to expect. We all agreed that we would probably never return, the owners should take note of such a lost opportunity to gain some new business. The only thing that arrived quickly was the bill. 
Visited the newly opened Megan’s in Wimbledon Village. Locals won’t put up with the bad service or average food sadly and I give it 6 months. Nice decor but thats about it.  
Came here on a Saturday for brunch as it looked nice outside as I drove past & it was busy. 
Went with my mum and 2 kids, we were given the worst table which I declined. The waiters were speaking their language and laughing, it was obvious they were talking about us. We ordered and our main course came before appetisers, we had almost finished eating before the appetisers came. I complained but they acted like it wasn’t a big deal. The bill came, it was not listed in English, so you don’t know what you’re paying for, later when I calculated our order, I realised we had been overcharged by £18-£22. 
This restaurant is very much aimed the local indian market. It is very much family orientated and caters, in a fairly disorganised way. to an Indian family market. The food is not very good and arrives at your table in a chaotic and untimely manner (sometimes cold). We had to ak five times for our bottle of wine (what is so difficult in pulling a cork?) 
Went while on a business trip and thought given how busy it was it’d be a good experience.....sadly I was mistaken 
I have Chinese food from 2 Chinese restaurant 2 days in the row which have the same main menu , Roast duck and chicken . So I realize that overall food are ok but price is expensive.  
I have been coming to Megan's for years, but I'm sad to say it really isn't what it used to be. Yes the food is good, but it has really lost its friendly, local atmosphere (especially since opening its new site). My latest experience was terrible- having called on Wednesday to try to book a table, I was told I couldn't book before 6pm. No problem there, I explained I would be coming with a heavily pregnant friend for Saturday brunch, so I would get there earlier to ensure we had a table. Turn up on Saturday and the restaurant is closed till 6pm! No mention of this several days before, and two very unhappy local customers. Plenty of other good options in the neighbourhood, which now far surpass the food and ambience that Megan's has to offer. 
We arrived at 1810hrs on a Sunday. Only one other table of diners at that point. Ordered our meal at no later than 1815hrs. Then the place started to fill up. Our "starter selection" was appalling over-priced at £6.95 for five tiny pieces of food. We then waited for AN HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES for our main course to arrive, during which time later arrivals were served their food, ate it and left, while we sat there. Several people came in for takeaways, all of whom were served while we continued to sit there. Eventually some plates and cutlery arrived, to be followed TEN MINUTES LATER by our food. No apology, no explanation. When the final bill arrived it was not itemised in any way so we had no idea whether we had been charged correctly. Service was generally charmless and offhand. We didn't leave a tip and won't be going back. 
Tried this restaurant after Four Season restaurant was long queue. This restaurant is bigger, service is faster which turn out to have lesser waiting time than their neighbor. I have read some good review on this hotel but turned out to be a big disappointment after tasting. Veg was poorly cooked and tasteless, sweet & sour pork is poor, and i have no idea why there are so many good review on the roast duck as the meat and skin was soggy. it is totally incomparable to those in Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong. 
I really wanted to go as it is always busy and chinese people waiting outside the door bit it was disappointing. The staff wasn't able to speak English - they didn't understand anything, so they just wrote down what we wanted and left. Really bad service, never asked if everything was fine, if we wanted to order more or have drinks. They took so long to serve us and the food quality isn't something impressive. Also is overpriced for what it is.  
Four of us visited here last week. We ordered four "fresh lemonades" from the menu and watched the bartender make these from cordial and water in front of us and bring them to the table. If it isn't fresh lemonade, it shouldn't be advertised as such. We paid £13.80 for cordial. We also asked for water for the table which never came. The food was ok, two of us ordered open sandwiches which were really difficult to cut through as the bread was quite tough. Overall, I was really disappointed and wouldn't recommend it. 
I'm gonna start by saying it's a shame I'm writing a bad review about this place because there's so much potential here,but it's totally wasted. We have been serve by 5 different people, none of them was professional or knew how to do their job properly. My drink has been spit all over the place twice. Drinks in general arrived 30 mins after we have ordered, after we finished our starters. One of the starters arrive 10 min after the drinks, so 40 mins after our order. I've ordered a chicken shawarma, whish was basic grilled chicken. Halloumi fries were good. Overpriced for what they serve and the amount of food. On top of the fact the service was not great, seeing a waitress carrying some leftover birthday cake to pack it for takeaway, sneezing, not washing her hands, and then touching the cake again was just the cherry on the cake. I mean this is disgusting just in general but during this particular times this is unacceptable and makes me wonder if their attention and cleaness is actually fine. The location is lovely thou. 
What a wonderful venue but this was spoilt by terrible service. The waitress forgot our drinks order, half of it arrived and then we needed to remind her of the other part. Food came at different times and none of the staff really knew what was going on. It was clear that there were a lot of frustrated customers. Lots of people walked out. What a shame. 
Our dinner was very tasty which was a shame because the service wasn't up to par. We tried a second night for drinks and the service was still lacking. As Diamond members, we were not impressed. 
I am working at the coffee shop so I was really disappointed in the service. First waiter just gave us table and bring us the teas and then went home and we've been waiting for 45 minutes to get our food. They didn't care if we called them, they didn't understand very much and they were really surprised when we finally told them, that we are still waiting for the food. Really? I know we've bought just the coupon on the wowcher but still some money and for me long wasting of the time. We had reservation so they could expect that we are coming and nobody didn't really care. I am sorry, the food at the end was pretty good and we got the prosecco but I don't like alcohol at all and don't want to go there anymore. Sorry. It looks as such a good place but for me it was just bad. 
We were taken here by Chinese friends, there was a massive queue outside, we had booked , the table wasn't ready. The place is a gold mine.....heaving with foreign chinese students and english students, they give a discount. The food is good, too rushed. The service is hit and miss, you cannot relax and we were glad to get out. Our friends had been to this restaurant for lunch.....apparently totally different 
Bought a groupon voucher for afternoon tea here for my mums 60th birthday and was superbly underwhelmed. The food was ok but nothing special, it wasn't very generous for £29 with a glass of champagne. The waitress was nice but the manageress had an unfortunate manner and was rather vocal about the businesses failings instead of trying to come up with solutions. I would not go back again. Its a shame as we were hoping for more and this place could potentially be amazing. 
Although had the opportunity to feast at the Nottinghill Carnival decided to go to a local Chinese restaurant recommended by trusty Google map!  
Were staying at the hotel and popped in for a coffee mid afternoon. Waited 10 minutes then to be given a menu and then was ignored for the next fifteen minutes. The place was not busy and the waiters still found time to laugh and mess around. 
This cafe/restaurant is part of the Hilton Doubletree (a chain I like - see my other reviews). 
I am afraid I have to agree with previous comments, was here 2 years ago and the food and service was great. Yesterday we came back from walking and sat on the terrace for 45 minutes before being served. Today we tried the restaurant, and the service started ok, but the food was mediocre at best. Then the service slowed down. The staff kept saying sorry for the slow service. Well; fix it then. 
Just had a takeaway from here, ordered on the door, didnt have to wait to long which was good, however food was cold when got home, missing a dish and well stir-fry leave a lot to be desired. The cost of 2 x spare ribs (only got 1 lot, only has 4 mini in a dish 2 x mini spring rolls, Tom yung soup and 1x stir fry (no noodles or bean shoots) £40 absolute rip off  
Came in for a lunch break and I would say it really was a mixed experience. Service was really friendly and attentive but the food was not up to scratch - my toasty was way over salted (couldn't finish it) and the portions were small for the price I was paying. Coffee was really good and as I said the service was friendly and helpful and the team seemed to get on well. (Good banter!) Will be back for a coffee but will skip the lunch next time I think. 
We have been to these restaurant several times for special occasions over the years, and we have always enjoyed the food and the dining experience. Today was however another story. On arrival, we were shown to the bar, and asked 3 times by 3 different people whether we had a reservation, during which time we were asked to enjoy a drink in the bar (for which we were of course charged). We were finally shown to our table 30m after we arrived, and when we received the menu, we were told 'it had changed' - so only 2 options were available, either game-mushroom-celeriac, or take the game out and you have the veggie option. The starter and the main tasted the same - both were covered in mushroom sauce, and the main was the size of a starter (a piece of guinea fowl 6cm long, and 1 wide), served with (I counted) 10 4mm square cubes of a root vegetable. Arrive petite 4 courtesy of the restaurant, and here we have 4 gellies coated in sugars. Now all of this would have been borderline acceptable had we not booked through a website a lunch deal, which included half a bottle of wine. The first bill to come included the wine charge - apparently when we were presented with the wine list and asked to pick (and we chose one of cheapest wines anyway) nobody thought to mention the wine included in our deal was not on the list. We were also charged £55 for a bottle of prosecco, most of which we took home (to the disgust and mockery of the staff, who thought us cheap), where a glass was £9. I will leave you to do the maths. All in all we paid over £170 for 2 dishes that had the same mushroom taste, and Prosecco I can find in Tesco for £10. So, the verdict is, we will not dine at this restaurant again, and if you are in the area, I suggest you avoid it too. 
This was a disappointing dining experience.  
My husband and I had dinner at the restaurant last week and ordered 4 dishes in total including rice. It was not a particularly remarkable meal but enjoyable enough. The service was brusque and perfunctory as typical of chinese restaurants but we did not expect any different as we often eat at a few of the other chinese restaurants in the area. The reason we are writing this review is because we are not happy at the way our bill was presented. They did not itemise the dishes and we were just given a figure of £95 to pay. It must surely be against trading standard regulations for an establishment not to itemise the bill and I definitely do think we were overcharged for our meal on this occasion as we had only drank tea with our meal and it seemed too much for an average meal. The waiter was not helpful when we questioned this. We paid up so as not to create a scene. In fact another friend of ours had the same experience when we mentioned this at a dinner party last week. I would strongly advise other customers to be more forthright when it comes to paying the bill and to make a note of the dishes ordered. 
I've been wanting to visit Megans for ages, as it's always full, always buzzing, and the pastries and sandwiches on display that you can see from the street looked amazing. So finally, we go on Sunday brunch. There is a queue, the staff are delightful, take our names and then call us when a table is empty in the garden. I cannot fault the staff for being the friendliest I've seen for a long time. 
This was a disappointing day. We love fish and have eaten at the most notable fish restaurants in London and England over the years, having driven past RNO (annoyingly closed when we were there) trying Mr Outlaw’s cuisine has been a long ambition. Having secured a table at the London outpost we were looking forward to a treat after Christmas. The restaurant is small and rather old fashioned, maybe to some people’s taste but not to ours although this should not be representative of the food. The tables looked like my parents furniture and the carpet is dreadful. Bread arrived with focaccia and sourdough offerings and butter, nothing remarkable and the butter bland. My starter of monkfish was very fresh but could have done with some more ginger/onion/seasoning as it was quite bland. My partners duck was ok but quite dry and so we looked forward to the main courses of John Dory and turbot. Both fresh and the fish well cooked but again bland without seasoning. The sides of potato and beetroot salad were ok but again no seasoning; I appreciate that chefs have to be careful these days, especially with the salt police on duty but come on, when you are spending over £300 for two you want flavour. Dessert was a meringue dish and for me cheese - both nice but not fantastic. The dessert wines however were phenomenal and the sommelier so knowledgable.  
Service was non existing. We waited ages before our food was delivered. I am not a big fan of cheap chain restaurant and you are getting what you are paying for.  
Myself and my 3 girl friends decided to go to Megans and sat downstairs outside. It was freezing cold and the staff were slow and serving us.  
Visited this restaurant at about 8-30pm on a Saturday night. We did not need a reservation and were seated quickly, in fact everything was done quickly! We ordered starters and had not even finished them before our main meal arrived, no apology and was just dumped on our table! However the food was very good and the mash potato was ace! Throughout the whole meal we felt very rushed and our plates were cleared before we had chance to swallow our last mouth full!  
Style over substance. Lots of beaming "hey guys!!" young, foreign, fresh-faced waiting staff give good service but unfortunately don't make up for the rubbish burgers they serve. Never mind the quality - you're in Chelsea, therefore you must be happy to spend a packet, so 5 beers and 3 burgers - seventy odd quid!! It wouldn't be so bad but the burgers were prepared with the minimum of effort - plain with no trimmings or sides, served with a small side of salty pre-frozen fries. Six quid at most. We were in a hurry so didn't complain. Sometimes it's just too much trouble to say "your food's rubbish", so we paid up and left feeling we'd been mugged. Avoid. 
A lot of customers come because Chinese New Year,but it doesn't mean the service should be bad,food is fine,cantonese style. 
I visited The Gold Mine Chinese restaurant 102 Queensway, London W2 3RR this evening. 03/01/17. It was empty at 18:00 and now I know why. The service was good, but it was rather overpriced. I will not be going back. It felt like a visit to the dentist's. Very disappointed. 
I'd say, providing you're eager for poultry, give this Particular branch detention in solitude. The chicken is dry, the corn quality is awful, the chips are under seasoned, the coleslaw is bland HOWEVER, the staff are are redeeming quality. They're convivial polite and attentive. So, if you desire to attend a restaurant that houses great people but mundane food, Nandos Richmond is a must  
Quite frankly, they should be embarrassed to serve this sandwich like this at 9 quid. The steak is too thick to eat in the flimsy bread so you're better off taking to a knife and fork, but just look at the picture to understand.  
Been here for tens of times previously and could not get into my usual before the CFC match , so thought I would come back, looks nice, new owners done up well, good feeling about the place 
There are quite a few reviews raving about the roast duck here, and they are mostly right. However, having been here a few times now, I definitely think the service needs to be improved massively.  
Me and my 3 friends were looking forward to visiting Megan's after hearing a fellow friend enjoying themselves recently there. So we arrived and was told there would be a 10 minute wait and if we could wait outside in the cold. Which I guess is fine, but just a peculiar thing to ask a customer to do. 
I have been here many times over the years and loved it so I was really excited for my friends birthday. Sadly I was extremely disappointed with the food and our horrendous service. It took over an hour for our starter (of cold meats) to arrive, the main course was cold and the "pavlova" was inedible. The whole meal took over 3.5 hours! The staff were non-responsive - they got our drinks wrong/took ages to serve us! The manager was extremely rude when we politely addressed the situation and refused to speak to any one else in the party. He only apologised to the birthday girl after telling one guest not to get "upset"/"annoyed"! We were far too polite about this overpriced and horrendous experience. Consequently we missed our evening entertainment despite telling the staff we had to leave by 10:30pm (we arrived at 7:30pm!). None of us will be going back to Megan's! 
Went for lunch with a friend and ordered quiche with a selection of salads. The quiche was all pastry. The salads were soggy, overdressed and too garlicky. The portions were enormous so we barely made a dent. I think there needs to be more focus on quality not quantity. Such a shame as it's a lovely local spot but won't be returning. 
We have been to several restaurants on this road in the past and noticing how busy this place was we thought the food should be great. There were still some 1/4 of tables free and a tall guy straight away asked us from some 4 metres away 'table for 2?' as we entered the restaurant. We thought this will be followed by a fast service, good food and efficiency and were very positive about this place. How wrong were we!!! 
Went here with some friends for a casual Sunday lunch. The menu had some nice dishes on it . . mainly salad. Food was delicious and well presented. Unfortunately service really let this quaint restaurant down. We had to ask for water 3 times until eventually it arrived. I ordered Lamb Kofta and our server came over and ask who had ordered meat balls which we advised no one had so he took the dish away only to return and advise that it was the Kofta. We opted not to pay the discretionary service charge as we felt the staff were not deserving of it. The waiter who was taking our payment, questioned why we didn't want to pay the service charge and got quiet hostile towards us, asking for justification. During mid payment, he then decided to take his phone out and use it which really annoyed us. We explained all the reasons which left us somewhat uncomfortable. He stormed off in the direction of the front of the restaurant. 
Ordered a takeaway portion of roast duck which is normally very tasty and good value. Seems that during lockdown they've hiked the prices and slashed the portion size. Maybe they think they can get away with it since most of their local competitors are temporarily closed but they seriously risk losing their regular customers if they continue this way. £14+ for a portion of breast and it was mostly skin and padded out with more vegetables than meat. Very disappointing. 
My wife and I booked a table for lunch a couple of days ago and have been generally disappointed with the experience. Let me explain - We decided to go to the Outlaw's since it's a one Michelin star. We went with their 3 courses meal lunch through their £34 menu as we thought this was a good deal for a Michelin star restaurant located a few yards away from Harrod's!  
Although the meat especially the steak is delicious the two occasions I have dined there have been spoilt by the arrogance of the senior staff and bungled bookings  
Dinner here was the only disappointing meal in a "gastro-week" in London. The fish was fresh - fortunately no longer unusual in London - but that is the sum total of our praise for this restaurant. 
We heard so much of the chinese food here. In particular, the roast meat and especially the roast duck.  
We arrived late (around 10.45pm) so we were lucky they would take us. However, we were unprepared for the rush we were put under. The waitress could not recommend a good wine from the menu (the one she did recommend was terrible).  
Staff were, against the reports on this site, not rude at all. They were pleasant, fun and welcoming. Not sure what's changed but they were fine. I was a bit surprised when the Spanish waiter man suggested that the tip wasn't enough, sorry pal, 12.5% is all you get! Be grateful! Next time ZERO amigo!  
The location of the cafe is very sweet and the vibe is nice!  
Sitting in a beautiful garden my hopes were high for my lunch, however the 40minute wait for my friends poached eggs was disappointing, and when we asked about this we were dismissed by rude staff. My tart was average but the roasted mediterranean vegetable salad I had with it was just roasted veg coated in mayonnaise, and not all cooked enough. Overall disappointing for such a lovely location! 
Decided to try this place as its near work and always looks nice from the outside. It was early evening and minimal customers so the service was a little slow but better than some of the other reviews suggested. Unfortunately the food was not. The food was either really bland(Dhal) or overly spicy(chicken wings). The lamb in my curry was so chewy and tough that I had to leave it. On the plus side the waiter did exchange my wife's meal for something else but it really wasn't what she wanted. Unfortunately disappointing. 
The venue was nice ,starters were good however the main was not , 2 of the mains we had to send back as they were burnt , I felt this place lacked atmosphere ,I wouldn’t go again ,nothing special  
After reading the reviews and being a fan of Indian food, I thought I'd give this place a try whilst working away. Being alone and away with work I do prefer a pub-style informal place to eat. The fact it serves mainly Indian food was a bonus. Unfortunately the overall experience was poor. For a starter I ordered one of the specials - Garlic Chilli Mushrooms, and a Desi Chicken Curry main with rice. The first issue was that all the food (starter and main) came together. Secondly my starter was basically cheap breaded mushrooms of the sort you can get in the freezer section at a supermarket for a quid - these came plonked ridiculously in a little presentation chip fryer for the price of £5!! When I queried the starter the waitress said she didn't realise I wanted the special. In all fairness she did eventually replace them - the 'special' was actually just the same cheap breaded mushrooms with some hot sauce poured over. Fair enough I wasn't charged the extra £1.50 for this special! Maybe it was me being naive but I was expecting the usual indian sizzler type dish and not something from the freezer. 
I tried visiting this place 10/5-2019, but got rejected by the man in the door because I had Sweatpants on, fair enough I thought. I came back the 12/7-19 with nicer pants.  
We went late, around 10+. The food was not great, the mix meat noodles had more sea food than actual meat! The fried sea weed seemed like pre-made and not so crispy . Overall, the other Chinese restaurants in the are seem better. 
Dirty plates given to us and food tasted like any microwaved meal and was almost certainly not fresh. The restaurant itself is extremely cute, but it's let down by the food. Two stars for a good espresso martini and Nutella cookie for dessert! Would not return.  
Was really looking forward to going to this place as the location is great and it looks so quaint on the outside, but was extremely disappointed by overall experience. The male waiter who was looking after us was so rude and stroppy and clearly did not want to be there, everything was a huge effort for him and even got sarcastic when we had to send a sandwich back because it contained an ingredient one of the party was allergic to. He made us feel extremely uncomfortable. We then had to chase the second half of our order twice and by the time it finally arrived we were finished! Do not waste your time going here there are so many nicer places walking distance away. 
Went for breakfast on a Sunday. Food was pretty good, standard brunch menu. The service however was awful. Food was extremely slow to arrive but still beat our drinks which we had to ask several times for before they arrived. The restaurant is clearly under staffed and those that do work there were not particularly competent and argued with each other in front of customers. Some of the food we ordered never arrived and then they tried to charge us for items we never ordered. Given the number of similar delis and cafes around West London, I would recommend saving yourself the stress and go elsewhere. 
We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning, not really knowing where to go.  
Ordered food and the order came in bits and pieces. The chicken Tikka was luke warm when it arrived on a slate and the rice never appeared. The staff were nice about it and took the food back for reheat. Also the Waygu burger which was on the menu was not available and the replacement burger was fatty and not nice. My advice is stick to the drink and stay away from food in this pub. 
Just been there for a family dinner. Food as good as usual but service very poor. They got our orders wrong 3 times. Order an Italicus Negroni and I got a standard Negroni (very different cocktails). Ordered half a litre of house white and we got a whole bottle. My wife ordered pasta (scialatielli) with swordfish and aubergine and she got pasta with salmon and tomato sauce (but we were charged for the former, more expensive). We didn’t even bother to complain but will not go there again. 
I have to admit that I am little bit disappointed! We got there on a Sunday afternoon for brunch and on our arrival the waitress informed us that they run out of chicken, mushrooms and haloumi; so basically-and literally- half of their recipes were out of the menu. When the time came to order they also didn't have sweet potatoes and I was just...... I mean how come, you can run out of supplies? A venue that only provides food and drinks? Then close it up and go home! And that during weekend that most of the people go out to chill and eat!?  
I've read some of the general negative reviews of this place (I had plenty of time to do this while waiting for service at my table) and I do agree with most of them but I want to be more specific. Primarily because I think, with some careful changes, this place could be GREAT. 
This was my third time at Megan's. It could be so good- the decor and food are good- but the service is ridiculously slow. I booked a table in advance but upon arrival the two waiters/ runners had no idea where to seat us despite the place being 2/3 empty. They said I should wait for the senior member of staff to seat us but she spent ages taking another order so we were left standing around- this really spoilt our visit. They really need to simplify their offering because I think one of the reasons for the slow order-taking is that people can't work out how the menu/ salad menu works. 
We stopped here for a quick bite before visiting festive panto at The Bull Theatre a short walk away and found the service very slow and the food of average quality and standard. It’s a shame because it’s a big place and has potential to be great in a nice spot in High Barnet. Garlic bread was of a lot of tomato sauce on dough. Same also can be said about children’s pizza. The spicy sausage with broccoli pizza was not a nice pizza and was so late that we ended up taking it home after the theatre visit.All in all not a pleasant experience, pricey for what we had and won’t be returning here. 
Overpriced (£240 for 4 adults 3children with couple glasses house wine and expensive alcohol free cocktails for children). 
"Is that it?"  
Not a very positive review I'm afraid. We were really looking forward to our lunch after watching Nathan on the great British menu. The place is tiny, outdated and the hotel lobby and bar felt a bit grubby. No air con so we were a bit hot and bothered. Drinks in the bar took forever to arrive. Staff weren't overly friendly. There were only two other tables besides us for lunch, so the atmosphere was rather strained, felt like we had to talk in whispers. As for the food, I wouldn't go as far to say it was bad, just very bland. To give the staff credit they offered to change the salmon starter on the tasting menu for the octopus, which was very tasty. It all went a bit downhill after that though. Every dish could have done with a bit of a lift - and definitely a carb here and there. We left feeling hungry, and a bit confused as to how this restaurant has ever been given it's Michelin star - would not return.  
We found the service and surroundings excellent. 
Stopped by for a quick brunch/light lunch as I have done a few time in past years (but not recently) and was very disappointed to see how poor this has become. The menu was lazy and the the service indifferent. It the only soup you are going to offer is tomato and basil at least make sure it is properly seasoned and the toast you serve it with is warm and crisp not damp and seemingly leftover from the morning. Only previous good experiences stop me from rating this a 1-Terrible and hoping this was a one-off. Shame i won't find out since i don't intend to visit here again. 
The standard of the food is simply not good enough for the extortionate prices. It is a shame because we wanted to like Megan's. The restaurant interior is really well done, but sadly the food is a total let down. No one is expecting it to be cheap but the prices they charge are unacceptable for the standard of food they produced, especially the high service charge which they include on the bill despite mistakes in our order and a lack of service. A real shame because we were excited about our meal when we sat down, but were left with a bitter taste in our mouths.. 
A friend of mine recently invited me to the Outlaw's Restaurant at the Capital Hotel. I looked forward to the visit as the Capital was always known as the place the trade ate. I was deeply disappointed. The food was the worst example of slovenly cooked, tasteless and over-priced Nouvelle Cuisine. The starter was an unappetizing meatball of lamb, tasting of nothing. The main course was a fillet of John Dory, something I normally like. In this case it was a tiny portion, almost raw and presented with nothing to enhance the flavour. The specially recommended wine gave me splitting headache. I suppose the restaurant chef's think that they can get away with this sort of rubbish based on the hotel traditions. Let's hope the customers have the courage to tell them how wrong they are., 
We booked this restaurant as a surprise for some guests. On arrival 15 mins before our booked table time we were shown to a bar and a small table with two seats but there were four of us and were told somebody would be with us. The bar was cluttered with dirty glasses, certainly not something we expected. A waitress arrived and took our order and we waited for our drinks. Whilst this was happening other guests were being ushered to their tables, we then experienced a heated discussion behind the bar over the drinks we had been given. We continued to sit in the bar. After about 30 mins somebody asked if they could help, we asked if our table was ready, they didn't know and went away to find out. Yes it was and we were seated. We were given the menu and wine list. after a further 15 mins somebody came to ask if we wanted water and that arrived, after yet another prolonged period the waiter asked if we were ready to order food, we told him we hadn't even ordered the wine yet. He took the wine order and disappeared, after yet another long wait somebody arrived a the table with the two bottles of wine but they weren't opened, he just asked if thats what we had ordered. After about another 5 mins the opened wine arrived. We were at this point thinking shall we just get up and go but alas we decided to stay put. The waiter came for the food order and i asked about the lamb starter, he advised it was slow cooked and dipped in batter, i asked if it was pink and his reply was " i just told you it had been slow cooked" rude or what! We continued to eat but found the service appalling and in all fairness we couldn't wait for the experience to be over. Then we asked for the bill only to find items listed that we had not had, which in fairness they did amend. 
This place is seriously below par.  
I reviewed this wine bar last year. My review at the time was glowing. I'm afraid my last trip was pretty awful. I'm a local and often visit here for wine nights with friends and family. The staff are usually helpful when it comes to selecting wine. I recently took my mum and some friends for Birthday drinks and nibbles. We ordered the mixed ham selection (called "Italian Greats" on the menu) and the cheese fondue. We waited over an hour for the food - which is a long time considering these were just bar snacks and not exactly 5 meals in a restaurant. 
Stopped for a bite to eat and a quick drink. Place looks scruffy and unloved. Food took an eternity to come out and their was no one else eating. Kids running around with parents not giving a damn. Shame as with its location it could be a nice place. 
We live local, and this was the 8th time we have come to the pub. We went for my birthday, for a table of 14. The food was actually ok and the chef was on her own so done a good job. However, the manager was so rude. He always has been at every visit but today was extra rude. We have been here a few times and always bring a nice crowd with us but he never even says hi, and is actually the opposite to make us feel welcome.  
I used to visit here quite often, however the food isnt as good as it once was and there is an uneasy tension in this venue which is not the most welcoming factor. Once came here and was rushed to move off the table once we had eaten which as you can imagine puts you off. 
Sadly after the reviews I thought it would be good. Had a curry that was swimming in oil and the rice was average maybe that's how the locals prefer it. It was mentioned to the friendly staff who re-iterated the chef would be told. No apology was made however, never mind, put it down to experience... no ales either doh. Was under refurbishment so perhaps the kitchen was 'similar'. 
Visited for dinner with friends on the strength of Nathan Outlaw's reputation. I have never been so disappointed by a meal in a high end restaurant. The service was lacklustre and I felt my dietary requirements were not taken into serious consideration. I have visited many Michelin starred establishments and am not a spud loving heathen, however I would like some form of carbs with my dinner. For me a plain piece of white fish with green veg is what I eat when I want to lose a few pounds, albeit not cooked in butter. Also my partner's mackerel did not have crispy skin. Those in our party who had the duck reported it to be dish of the day, which seems ludicrous for a restaurant famous for its fish cookery. For 100 pounds per head I would not expect to go home hungry and this was the most disappointing restaurant experience I've had since becoming interested in food and fine dining.Save your pennies and go somewhere your money will buy a decent meal with people who actually care if you have a good time.  
Used to the best mix grill in town, no longer the same quality. The chops barely had any meat on them, kebabs breaking up. 
They bill themselves as the best pizza in town; I don’t think so! I ordered the Marco Polo (olives, prosciutto, artichoke and mushrooms) which to their credit came out very quickly but it certainly didn’t live up to the billing. The rim of the pizza was too thick and whilst burnt on the outside the dough was undercooked. The base of the pizza was again burnt on the bottom but soft and undercooked because the tomoto sauce was to wet. The prosciutto looked and tasted like value ham from the local supermarket. The amount I ate was more testament to no lunch than taste and quality. 
Although I am quite a regular patron at this place and the food is delicious and the regulars are great, however the service has so much to be desired before. Despite having to remind staff to bring the starters first and then bring the main courses after, they don't listen to this and bring everything at once! I had another awful experience the other day. The food came (with no naan bread which was supposed to be included, although it came when we nearly finished!) but with no plates or any knives and forks. I had to remind staff to bring them over. I went up to order something else and demanded free naan bread due to the very poor service that I endured and to my surprise the staff I was speaking to, had a very bad attitude and started arguing! Not impressed with this place at all! 
We went for lunch today. The offer as advertised on the window was 50% off everthing subject to minimum £15 spend. We spent £32. A 50% discount was given but then a 20% service charge was added on the whole total amount of £32. I said that I had not seen any service charge shown on the menu put on the tables or shown on their advert in the window. The man at the till went away hurriedly downstairs without giving any explanation leaving a young new person who had just started work there at the counter. DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE. CHECK YOUR RECEIPTS BEFORE PAYING. 
Myself my mum and daughter came into Wembley to go to dosa express but unfortunately there was a huge queue outside. Looking around the other South Indian restaurant was busy too so we ended up going to this restaurant becuase it was windy and my mum is 70 and was unable to walk very far. On arrival the tables were occupied with customers waiting for their food. One staff approached us about 5-7 mins later and cleaned the table.  
Nice pub with Indian menu but the ignorant servers made the ecperience bad. They had no idea what they are doing 
I called for some food around 6pm one night. I ordered my food at the bar and tried to find a clean table. 1 had a nappy on it, quite a few others were cordoned off so eventually I got one in a corner. When my food came, it looked ok and was average at best. Then the music boomed out and the locals went into overdrive singing along around the pool table. Not a friendly environment at all 
The food was below average. 
Went on Saturday night 7 friends. Bit cramped, but that’s ok. Orders food but had to ask where a missing pizza was twice. When it eventually arrived it was the wrong one. Too fed up to argue. Desert time had to ask again where a missing desert was?? Bill came to just under £300.00. Ok bit pricey.  
Had mysore dosa and Punjabi food for dinner. Dosa was very oily and full of chilli. The taste wasn't great either. Staff was definitely polite and gentle and service was good. I find it but an expensive too. 
Veg Manchurian was burnt. Soup was below avarage. Pav Bhabhi was blunt. Other options may be good but didn’t tried them after initial experience.f 
We ordered 1 pizza and 1 pasta. The pizza dough was pretty average, soggy and bland, but the toppings were not so bad (mozzarella, Parma ham). 
Don’t be fooled people. This is just another Kailash Parbat chain. We thought it was totally separate from it otherwise no way we would have gone.  
The reviews and the Chef's name were the reason we made the booking. We waited for over half an hour for the menu to be brought to the table. Not even given a wine list and the waiter start clearing the glasses. Very slow service. Good fish, but too much sauce to my taste, overpowering the fish.  
Popped in to order food and was handed a menu by a young lady who seemed pleasant enough. We made our choices and tried to attract the attention of the two members of staff whilst we were standing at the bar. They seemed more interested in holding a conversation with other customers and we gave up and went elsewhere. The pub was quiet and there were only a couple of other people at the bar and we tried waving to get their attention. Will not be going back. 
Sadly the Indian food in this pub used to be very very good but has been decreasing in quality over time. Feels like they are trying to make cuts despite the food already being charged at a premium for a pub. 
Nothing special! And very expensive. Don’t recommend this place! Same quality pizzas are available for one third of the price! 
I booked this restaurant for lunch with a business associate, as the £29 set lunch seemed promising and was recommended. At the time of booking I asked if the set menu included vegetarian options, and I was assured yes.  
A pre-meal appetiser of taramasalata sprinkled with spicy pepper was just like it had be bought at Marks and Spencer's. Nothing wrong with that - it was pink, firmly smooth and exactly what I'd expect from a good supermarket pack of the smoked fish roe dip. I could have stayed at home to have this. I'm sure it would have been hand made in the kitchens of the restaurant, so I would have liked it to have been served something I could only experience in a Michelin starred restaurant - but it wasn't.  
We didn’t care for the attitude of the waitress. We ordered rosemary focaccia and received a large bit of pizza dough with a twig of rosemary sprinkled on top after it was cooked. We also ordered a spaghetti and got tagliatelle without being asked if that was ok. The pizzas have a lot of dough around them but under the fillings was soggy. The topping on one was tasty but the other only had five small blobs of what we expected to be the main ingredient. 
We thought we’d try the new lunch menu as advertised on Facebook. Firstly I was a bit disappointed that there’s only one real ale....it was ok but a bit tasteless compared to the Bexley Brewery beers which I always enjoy.  
Hungry and I went here for dinner with very high expectations based on having eaten a delicious meal at Nathan Outlaw's original and excellent restaurant back when that used to be in the St Enodoc hotel in Rock. With expectations set our meal at Outlaw's at The Capital started with a very nice amuse-bouche of cod roe dip with some Melba toast. Sadly it was down hill from here...  
Went for £55 three course menu after some average cocktails. Highlight was octopus braised in red wine. Cheese was good. Cod nothing special, brill came with a gloopy, creamy sauce - not great. Server mumbled us through the cheese, but had no real idea where it was from. I blame not the personnel but lack investment in training - come on Nathan Outlaw, must do better. Asked for a red wine with dessert, waiter recommended a glass which we later realised cost £20. Felt like we had been "had". You are paying for the name here, it really isn't anything special. 
I ordered sea bass only to be told after they had taken the order and gone away that they didn’t have any so they offered me salmon instead which I accepted.  
We visited a few weeks ago and arrived at 6pm as food is advertised outside, from 6 - 9pm in the evenings. We were told that the chef was having a rest and would probably come down to the kitchen at about 6.30pm. We ordered a drink and decided to wait, getting our meals about 7pm. The poor young bar staff were also getting flustered as there were problems with the larger barrel so my husband ended up having cider instead. No landlord / chef to help them sort this issue out. The food was tasty and plentiful so no complaints there. We decided to return today, arriving at 6pm and were told the chef was not starting to cook until 7pm. So twice now the pub has not kept to its advertised cooking hours making it it hard to see how we can take a chance and go back again, especially when on route to the cinema nearby.  
I have been there for a quick burger thanks to a Groupon offer for a meal+beer at £8.  
Visited this morning with a friend. We had been recommended by friends for its good food. We had intended to order coffee, full English breakfast each followed by a slice of what looked like delicious cake. It was very chilly this morning so we made our towards the back of the cafe in the belief that it would be warmer rather than a table for two next to the door. We were met by a lady who told us that we could not eat in the back area as they were tables of four and we had to take a table for two. Maybe reasonable if it was a busy lunchtime period and there were limited tables of four available but the area was almost empty and it was not lunchtime but 10.15am. We explained that we felt it would be too cold sitting at the available table for two next to the door. She wouldn't relent so rather than make a fuss we took the table near the door. Quite soon someone left the cafe and one person entered shortly afterwards and we quickly realised that this was going to prove to be a cold table! A pleasant young lady came to take our order. We explained that we were too cold and she replied that she would never seat anyone on our table as it would be too cold. We said that under the circumstances we would leave. She said she would ask if we could sit at a warmer table but that didn't happen and we left watched by the lady who had refused to let us use one of the available tables at the back. We were ready to spend money but they seem to not be interested if there is just two of you  
Having purchased drinks, I asked the Chef if I could order food, a very rude ‘No’ was the response. On asking why, he informed me that he will take the orders of a table of 12 people that were just arriving, before he takes other orders. I then asked if it was possible to place the order, even though we knew it would take sometime to arrive, again his reply was NO. I found his attitude very obnoxious. This man needs training in his interpersonal Skills and respect paying customers. I will not grace this establishment again. Shame!! 
Haven't had much luck here. Last visited in October and was woefully disappointed. Thought we would try again but failed to choose something they can cook. Asked for cheese omelette and got scrambled eggs with some cheese. 
My wife and I have eaten at the Walnuts on several occasions and have thoroughly enjoyed the food but today we were very disappointed. To save time we quickly chose the Traditional English Breakfast which in the past has been excellent but unfortunately, we cannot say the same about this choice today. The sauteed mushrooms and bacon were both undercooked and were flavourless. It was only when we were at the end of the meal were we asked whether about the food. 
very disappointing and rude waitress !!great testy food and well cooked but the service is pretty bad young waitress with bad attitude and very moody. 
Maybe harsh to judge a place based on having one drink there, but you'd think it'd be pretty tricky to mess up a pint of Foster's. It didn't taste great at all, and charged £4.45 for the privelige! Even by London standards that's a bit much. 
A small untidy pub. Ale not very good. Cramped conditions when more than 6 people at the bar. Only popped in for a quick beer whilst visiting Twickenham for rugby, will give it a miss in future. 
An ok cafe ruined by terrible service and a hot noisy dining area behind the few tables in the entrance. The waiters had little idea what they were doing and even less interest apart from one pleasant but lost boy. The staff behind the counter were equally unhelpful and disinterested. 
There was mould or mildew on the seat cushions. This kind of put me off so I finished my pint a left. 
Having visited the Sidcup branch many times I thought it would be nice to try this one having driven past recently.  
Waiter couldn't remember remember the names of basic food stuff (couldn't remember the name of a ciabatta) waitress handed out the food calling it by the wrong names..... Panini's were cold and took ages, no apologies. We waited ages for drinks, chef used tongs to pick up the paper food order which he then put in his mouth then used the same tongs to serve spaghetti...  
Me and friend went to Scarlett green with the intention of spoiling ourselves to a nice brunch on a Sunday, unfortunately we did not feel spoilt but more hard done by, as if we just wasted our money. 
Visited here with my wife for a spur of the moment treat. We opted for a new place to try.  
We read multiple favourable reviews on trip advisor. And we’re excited to try the food. However we arrived to a practically empty restaurant, we waited half an hour for starters to arrive. The quality of the food was good however not authentically Malaysian. Melur in Edgware Road and Roti king in Euston are far better and more affordable.  
Service was OK, but unfortunately no check backs, so any issues and you have to flag down a waiter. Half of the staff don't speak English, so that's quite an issue too. I asked to speak to the manager about the issue I had with my main course, I was just given the bill. I had to point in the direction of the man who looked like he was in charge and wave frantically to be understood, ugh.  
The food was cooked fast, but the curry was really oily and watery, not like a normal thick creamy curry. Was very unappealing and didn’t taste nice  
Arrived at restaurant at 2.15pm with 2 children it was not to busy shown to our table and then waited and waited for waiter to take our order. The food we asked for was not complicated Chicken wings Carbonara and a childs meal. It then took until 3pm for the childs stareter to arrive which was sticks of cucumber and tomatoes. I chased up various members of staff regarding this order but there response was very a matter of fact. No urgency at all. In the end we didnt even wait for the childs pudding of ice cream which was included in the price. Food when it did arrive was good. Dont go if you have any where else to go afterwards 
Not a lot on the menu .over priced you have to add any form of side ..ie veg potatoes. Salad .extra price!! .I orders lemon some not good hardly anything of it ..so really I just had mash potato and 2 tiny forkful of fish...all deserts come only with ice cream ...I mean sticky toffee pudding should come with custard ..have to pay extortionate bill and go find something else to eat !! Not happy  
Called in because this restaurant was close to our hotel, oh dear it was a bit like a Malay Fawlty Towers. We asked to see the wine list so they said they had red and white and brought some little bottles to us. My wife's vegetarian, always thought Malay food would cater well for vegetarians, she ended up with a greasy plate of vegetables. The young girl serving did her best but overall this is one place we'll put down to experience! Truly awful! 
The reviews doesn't reflect the real. Perhaps the management or the chef changed. The food was average but very pricey for the portion offered. Perhaps the reviews were manipulated. We never visit again or recommend. 
This place was very disappointing and does not match up to the description at all! The service was enigmatic and the food was very uninspiring. It may have been a good restaurant at one stage but we found a place with all the hallmarks of an ownership that just does not care! No way was it worth what we paid! 
We were very happy to go there with our own drinks. But when I spilled on the floor a few drops of beer, the waiter came to clean with such a face expressing upset and annoyance that it made me feel guilty.  
So my husband and I brought our 3 children here before a game of bowling and some shopping for some lunch. Feeling optimistic by the service we received from Joe was so so friendly, helpful and lovely throughout, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the menu I thought we couldn’t go wrong.  
I ordered a half roast chicken and paid extra for a side of chunky chips. The chicken was very dry and the chips were not chunky.This cost over £20 all in an I would have expected better. I did have breakfast here the next morning however, and that was very good. On the plus side, the staff were very friendly. 
Nothing outstanding about this restaurant. Food was bland , and tasted just like home frozen food, only the bill at the end reminded you that you expected much more for your money. Staff seemed more interested in socialising with each other than serving customers. Although it was not particularly busy , food was slow and one of the meals had to be returned due to being cold in the middle. It lacks atmosphere and would definitely not put it on the level of Pato lounge round the corner. This restaurant and its staff and management really need to pull up their game if they want to survive 
While staying in London we found this restaurant using my Tastecard App. It was just round the corner from our hotel and we wanted a relaxed night. 
Quiet pricey, the taste of food is so ordinary, even below ordinary, but what can I say? A combination of London and far-easternian food = expensive. The nasi lemak was so so, but nasi goreng was quiet good. 
We were a group of 14 and the restaurant was perhaps 25% full. Service took ages. Beverages were brought over from the bar by the glass. The steaks were consistently overcooked (ordered medium arrived as very well done). One steak didn't make it to the table at all. Side orders came 5 minutes after or before the main dish. They didn't have the wine that we chose from the wine list. 
Popped in with my friend and baby on 7th of November 2019. We ordered food and drink for ourselves and a kids meal for £5.99. We were charged separately for all the kids items even though we clarified that everything we ordered for the baby were apart of the deal ( that was from the waitress and the manager by the way). The first bill we were given came to £61.77, I bought a voucher on my work portal for £62, when my friend looked at the bill ( mother of the child ) she noticed that we were charged incorrectly for the kids meal the waitress immediately changed the bill (as she had made a mistake). When I notified the waitress of my other issue as I had bought a voucher for the wrong price she was very snappy and quick to say there was nothing to do, I work in the same line of work myself so I asked for the manager, but she seemed to take it personally and was hesitant to do so, and became defensive by saying it would come out of her own pocket, to be very honest with you, if it’s your fault, it should come out of your pocket. Before going to grab the manager she decided to talk with another member of staff about the situation in a very aggressive tone before talking to the manager involved. He came out with full knowledge of the situation from her perspective, this is NOT professional. You should discuss matters like this with all involved present, the waitress ran to the back and clearly tried to explain her side to the manager before we could get to speak with him. Also to mention she gave us poor service the whole time, we received our mains and she rolled her eyes when her manager was talking to us. We were waiting for our bill for a very long time while she was having a chat with another colleague, just to come back and say she thought Ben (the manager) had already given us our bill. Maybe if one person dealt with one table there wouldn’t be such a problem. While I was discussing with the manager about the situation she decided to pace around our space! She hadn’t moved so fast the whole time we were there, glad we gave you back your energy! Don’t recommend this place, food was basic as hell. Staff have a can’t be bothered attitude but when they mess up they have all the attitude in the world. Everyone can have bad days but don’t take it out on others! Either get new staff or tell the older lady with mousey/grey hair to fix her attitude, because it stinks. 
Came here for the first time service was very slow when food came the order was mixed up we had shells in pasta from prawns a hair in the other and pasta was undercooked when we told the waitress she looked so miserable and they offered to take the fries off the bill. 
Often the problem with airport hotels is that the restaurant in the evening is also the location for breakfast. Not a great start and this is more like a cafe than a restaurant 
Well having stayed here a few times its always a toss up between the on site Indian or more expensive contemporary restaurants. Sadly, Orwell's has now falling into the over priced for average quality.  
Ate here with family as kids had offer of eating for £1. I ordered the pollo alla crema - well I think I had just 2 bits of chicken in my dish!! Pasta was overcooked and was more like macaroni cheese with a few onions and peppers.  
We booked a table for 4 at the Mulberry Restaurant in early December, wanting to have the festive menu. 
At the end of the day I look forward to a relaxing, soothing ambiance and meal. The meal was okay, but the music was "weird" and distracting, bordering on stressful. 
The food was not at all worth the £60 we paid. I kno they have you "captive" so will overcharge but the quality was just not acceptable. 
My wife and I were here the other night for dinner. 
For my birthday my mother and I when we were in the same country go out to lunch. We decided as it was a big birthday to go somewhere nice. It was a lovely day and we thought we would get to sit outside. Not only were we refused permission to even have a drink outside we were plonked in the middle of a huge empty restaurant the waiters made us feel very unwelcome as if we had ruined the chance of them getting off early. Our order was wrong and the food was terrible the service diabolical. No offer of bread or toast with mothers trout mousse and what was supposed to be a beautiful lobster main course was the worst I have ever had. We have spent our whole lives in the catering industry and this was so bad, so unbelievably bad it actually made us laugh. 
Nice place, good beers, decent garden, friendly barstsff and liked the food when I've eaten there .... but during a pandemic I don't want to see lipstick on my pint glsss ... if you're not removing that you're not removing anything!! 
Waited patiently outside for 25 minutes before our two coffees were finally brought out despite there being hardly anyone there. Ended up with two small, warm coffees which I would never have ordered and despite emailing twice since querying the cost I am still waiting for a response. Not really very happy with this. 
Well, that was disappointing @WalnutsCafe I asked for a Vegan Breakfast you firstly bring me a full MEAT breakfast, after I get the "correct" breakfast it was still wrong.. after specifying I need a vegan breakfast (due to allergies) you gave me halloumi cheese and forgot my Veggie sausage, this was brought to me AFTER I had finished my breakfast, the only thing on my plate that was hot was your microwaved beans.. I'm sure the veggie sausage had cheese in? I informed a staff member and her response was to tell a manager earlier surely I should be asked if my food is OK? It would have been nice to tell someone about my food but unfortunately all your members of staff stand around talking to one another and regular customers. Pettswood Walnuts was so much better, at least they cater for Vegans. 
We have dined at the Capital frequently in the past. Always excellent. Went with my wife as birthday treat and it was disappointing. The food was great but the service needed help. We had to ask for water and drinks after we ordered. We opted for the tasting menu with the accompanying wine flight, food was up to the standard however the service was poor. We had to ask for cutlery to eat and from the offset the waiter unnecessarily rushed. Wine expensive and served way to warm. We will definitely not go back. 
I ordered a vegan pizza due to my lactose intolerance, I started eating the pizza and at first thought WOW this is some amazing vegan cheese. Until my stomach started have knotting pains and I began to felt very bloated, so I thought I'd double check with the waitress. She then checked with the kitchen and came back looking very scared. Alas, they had given me a dairy pizza. They gave us our meal for free but that was it. Would not eat here again as clearly they do not take intolerances seriously. 
Two sheets of pasta, the most meagre helping of sauce, was there any beef in it? I'm honestly not sure. I'm not sure how this qualifies as an adult main course portion, you could serve this to a 4 year old and they'd still be hungry. 
Kids food was just about food ok. They had burger and the tomato pasta, but left most as pretty bland. 
booked and selected the opentable offer spring menu+sparkling wine, what we got was not the nice looking spring menu but a very inferior substitute(spring menu still posted at the door) that was mediocre at best. feel we were cheated 
I came for brunch. The service was slightly slow in that I had been sat down for about 15 minutes before I was given a menu. I ordered the Eggs Royale. Every component of the dish was delicious, except for the muffin part, which was without exaggeration stale and hard. It was otherwise a very pleasant meal but the bread should not have been served. 
We have dined at the Capital frequently in the past. Always excellent. We were looking forward to lovely seafood. Nothing appealed to us in the starters. We went for the oysters : they were not served chilled and came with a sweet cucumber relish. When we asked for shallot and red wine vinegar the shallots were sweet too. The main course (John dory and brill) were also disappointing : tasteless and way too much butter used. It ended up a very heavy meal despite. The wine list is good. Unfortunately they do not bother to mention whether wines are organic or biodynamic.  
Previous visits have been superb but unfortunately this visit will be our last. Staff were nice enough but service extremely slow (not helpful with two young children), the chips were cold and the burgers so overcooked my granddaughter couldn't bite into hers. I'm sure I was overcharged for the child's meal but I didn't query it because I just wanted to get out of there. Not once were we asked 'is everything okay?'. We unanimously decided, next time - Nandos! 
I wanted to go out locally and to try Wet fish as it had so many good reviews. I was very disappointed on all fronts and found it all so bland. Not a very big nod to COVID 19 even though the literature suggested otherwise : tables too close together , staff not wearing masks and too close to us And no track and trace in place . I found the place dull and lacking in character the service was friendly enough but not very professional the waitresses constantly asking us «  are you alright ladies «  and «  no worries ladies «  it felt patronising after a while - the food was very bland and not very imaginative - I had razor clams with a carrot purée which I felt just didn’t go with the clams and it wasn’t hot. Followed by the monk fish on a bed of risotto Now the risotto was perfect but the monkfish a bit hard and a tiny portion about 3 oz of fish if that it did not look right in the plate  
We are from the US and have visited this place every 3 months. We last ate in October and decided to skip it in January because it was so bad. We tried it again tonight and it was worse. Everything was bland and other than salt, had no seasoning. This is a big change from what we remember the past 6-7 times. And the service was terrible. 
Interesting visit ! Had a pre rugby table booked for 12 noon - some of us arrived a little early and thought we may have a drink before - we were told ‘Not Open’ and come back at 12. We came back at 12 but still waited along with others outside until called in.  
We wanted to like this restaurant but just couldn't. The smell inside was like a dirty bathroom in the heat of summer which makes it hard to enjoy your mediocre dinner. 
This place used to be the jewel in Wandsworth's crown but it is a sad reflection of what it once was. The packed diners meant the room was hot and stuffy and very noisy making conversation difficult. Aside from one waitress who did smile we were served by grumpy staff supervised by a scowling head waiter who spent most of the evening looking at his watch, talking to other sullen staff and generally exiuding an air of hostility aimed at the customers. It was clear he and the wine waiter wanted to be somewhere else.  
Really handy for the cinema but sadly not up to the, generally very good, standards of other Bella Italia restaurants. The staff are pretty good but the standard of food is lacking which is a shame. 
Visited here with my two children and ordered 3 thin based pizzas, they were undercooked and did not look very nice. Very expensive for a bit of dough and a couple of cheap ingredients thrown on top. 
Wanted to try Chez Bruce for a while as moved to Wandsworth a few years ago. Went and was very disappointed, food isn’t to much of a high standard and definitely won’t be returning. 
About a year ago I visited Bella Pasta. The service was poor. But I thought I'd give them another chance. I went with my wife on Saturday lunchtime. It took a good 5 minutes before they acknowledged our presenxe and seated us. 
Well well well. Where do i start. World's slowest service. Had to wait 20 minutes to be offered a drink. It took my 4 year old child to keep saying " mummy they haven't asked us if we want a drink " for them to come over and ask. An eternity later, starter and main finished. Waiting for another drink, have to holler over to a lady behind the bar as no staff around. Eventually come and ask if we want desserts. One of us wanted a cappuccino. Alas, it never arrived. The bill did however - very swiftly. 
I've eaten here before and the food is usually fine but on this occasion they served a pork dish - not to me I add - covered in clingfilm and then dealt with the situation really badly charging full price for the meal and hardly apologising. Beware. 
The menu has a lot of options and the food was good, but our waitress was awful, there was two people on the floor which is understandable as we were the only table in the restaurant (quiet) there was a blonde lady that was quite rude when she sat as, we was told that a waitress will come over, we waited about 10 minutes, a young woman with brown hair came over and took out drink order and asked to take our food order, we said will wait for the drinks to come first (which took 20 minutes) she then forget our while you waits with came out after the mains. She didn’t apologise and really wasn’t good at all, really should be a KP or something.... not good. Another girl who just started apologised about the waitress, which she didn’t have too. AWFUL SERVICE  
Went here for a bite to eat after work on Friday. Service was really slow despite the restaurant being virtually empty. Starter (mushrooms) was ok. My main course of ribs and chicken was dreadful. The ribs were like rubber, the chicken was dry and chewy and even the coleslaw looked like it had been standing around for hours. Had a cheesecake dessert as thought that might make up for things but even that was a stingey portion of something that just tasted of sugar. Should have sent it all back but was too hungry and tired to bother. My wife's meal was distinctly average so a relative improvement. Very disappointing 
Went yesterday for lunch and suffered the worst service possible. We were seated promptly enough but then left to wait. Two young servers were busy and dashing around and a third person who I assume was in charge was preparing drinks. This person eventually came over and took our order and then returned with our drinks. So far so good. We waited a good half hour for our starters to arrive and then he disappeared, no sign of him anywhere in the building. Our table was not cleared and it was another hour before another server brought our mains. When he realised our table had not been cleared he had to put the mains down on another table and clear our table, which he did by piling it onto an adjoining table and leaving it there. Another party that arrived just after us and were seated by the same "manager" never did receive their food and left after an hour complaining bitterly. The starters were quite good but the mains were at best average. In summary the two young servers were trying hard and clearly needed help. The service was terrible due to the disappearance of this "manager" and I would love to know where he went. 
We only are here because we had a money off voucher from the cinema. I had chicken burger and chips and my partner had chicken & chips. His chicken was dry and burnt. The bottom of my bun crumbled while I was eating it and my very small portion of chips went cold before I got to finish them.the young lady that served us was great but very busy as she was the only one serving us in our section of the restaurant. 
Rather boring menu, nothing special. My chicken dish was tasteless. Servers not very friendly. The only positive comment I could make is that the decor is great.  
Our previous visits have been great but I think it relies on previous glory and there are now so many better places to eat. Food was mediocre at best ( in a couple of instances poor) and the decor could do with smartening up. Hugely disappointing for the money. 
I try my hardest not to negatively review anything, but today was a real disappointment. We regularly visit Bella in Bexleyheath, and were in Orpington so we thought we'd give it a go. The two members of staff that were on were friendly enough, but the service was so slow it was almost unbearable. Another table walked out cancelling their order, and other tables were complaining all around us. Needs more staff on maybe? Such a shame. We'll stick to Bexleyheath in future. 
Being fans of Bella Italia in general, we were so excited to get a local branch in Orpington that we've now given this restaurant four chances - unfortunately each time is as poor as the last and we won't be going back again. The service is glacially slow, there is no attentiveness or urgency and the atmosphere was non-existent. There were only three staff working, but on a quiet lunchtime that should have been enough - I've worked in a restaurant and when we were understaffed we worked quicker, not slower. The staff today weren't unfriendly, they just didn't pay much attention and didn't seem interested in the place being a success. The air con was too high and the music was too low, which resulted in a cold restaurant that lacked any atmosphere. When the food came it was fine, although my son's pasta was so hot that it burnt my mouth when I tested it for him and my wife's chicken was lukewarm - surely it should be the other way round? As others have noted we've previously waited so long for desserts that we've had to cancel them and leave for the cinema - today we waited so long to order desserts that the adults didn't bother, but we still waited at least ten minutes for one scoop of plain kids ice cream. Anyway, I hardly ever complain but I'm so disappointed by the experience and I want to see it improve so they stay in business! 
We went here last week and were not at all pleased with our visit. Firstly the service was very slow as we waited half hour for our starters to be served and a further hour fit out main course. In that time that we were sat there we were not even asked if we wanted another drink. When we were waiting we noticed a bowl of pasta sat on the side for around 40 minutes and then I found out that that was mine. By this time it had become cold and crusty on the top. Our food was not even to the standard we expected so we will not be going back soon. 
Having heard good things about the Wet Fish Cafe we were disappointed with our visit. First off, the service was poor and unattentive. They suggested to get the hangover cure but forgot half of the cure and didn't bring our coffee until we asked them (after they had bought our bill).  
Went as a party of 4 . Put on a tiny crapped table that backed onto the next set of diners. I cant fault the food. The cooking is good but when the bill approaches £100 per head you can get much better value elsewhere in London. General sense of tiredness in the staff and the look of the place. 
It was my partners birthday, so thought we'd go somewhere new for lunch, wish we hadn't bothered. He asked for medium/ well done steak, got medium/rare; sent it back, and was still undercooked when it came back. 
After one disappointing visit to Bella Italia we gave it another chance only to find it wasn't a one off. The food was actually not bad (both times) but the service and wait time was horrendous. There is little to no atmosphere and on both visits the restaurant had more than a few fed up customers. Food arrived (eventually) in dribs and drabs and you really need to take your chance when they deliver it and request anything and everything you might need - including the bill - as goodness knows when the staff might reappear. Staff were not rude at all but they didn't seem to have a clue, it was as if we had dropped in to their house unannounced and requested feeding. The first time we complained (wait / service and overcharge) we were met with a blank face, followed by a revised bill. The end! A real shame. Other Bella Italias are very good. What a waste of a great opportunity for this chain. We won't be returning for another torturous try and I will advise friends and family to steer clear. 
Popped in for lunch with the family. Waited for 15 mins to order, then took to going up to the bar to try and retrieve our drinks order which had sat there for another 10 mins. Food eventually arrived, starters good, however to say you could sole your shoe with the chicken breast is an understatement! Note to the management ... be honest when you seat people when you are under staffed. In the restaurant's defence, they did not charge us at all. Will give them another chance one day, maybe. 
Food was overpriced and not of great quality, service lacklustre- noone asked how our meal was, i wonder why! 
The service was very poor & the food was not much better! My husband had a chicken lasagne, but they had forgotten most of the meat & sauce so it was really just a couple of sheets of pasta! While waiting for our food, the lady on the next table said her carbanara was the worst she had ever had! We won't be going back!  
Wanted to like this restaurant but it wasn't great. They are trying too hard with the food sometimes things are better just nice and simple. Blue cheese salad does not need grapefruit! Really rushed had just finished starters and the main arrived it feels like they want you in and out. 
Me and my husband visited this restaurant on a Sunday a couple of weeks ago. Our table was booked for 7 and when we got there there was only about 4 tables. We got shown to our table by friendly enough staff however waited a while before they even offered us drinks. When we got our starter they were pleasant however my husband ordered the king prawns in tempura £7.50 for about six or seven prans maximum that is an outrageous price. For mains I had the risotto and my husband had the pizza which was nice enough but no one came over at any point to ask us how the food was. The ladies toilets were disgusting no toilet rolls toilet paper over the floor obviously not been checked for a while and when i went again two hours later they were exactly the same. There were table that were unoccupied that had not been cleared away I could understand this on a busy night but by this time there were only a couple of tables in there. To end the night on another low we ordered pudding and half an hour later complained asking where it was after speaking to the chef the young bar man said he was really sorry he was just going to do it at this point we told them not to bother. and to have the bill. We visited bella italia in lakeside and it was amazing this could be such a good restuarant if they got proper management in there and reviewed their prices. I would not go back to this one 
Our party of seven dined at this restaurant on a Wednesday evening at 18:00. The restaurant was not very busy when we arrived. There were several waiting staff and we were seated quickly in a booth close to the bar. Our orders were taken quickly however it took an hour for our food to arrive at the table. Some of the meals delivered to our table were very disappointing. Two of us had the Burger Americano the bun was hard an inedible. The burger was over cooked and dry. Two of our party had the Pollo Burger which was the same with an inedible bun and the chicken overlooked and dry. All burgers were served with fries which were all cold on reaching the table.Our young guest had the kids pizza which was very average. The Kids Pink OJ was lacking in black current and when mixed at the table the orange did not even turn pink. We only had two meals out of seven that were satisfactory, these were the Diavola Calzone & Pasta Gamberonil. During our v meal the staff were less than attentive, they were general chatting behind the bar or nowhere to be seen. I noted people coming to the bar to ask for there bills. Not once were we asked how our meals were, staff were not readily available. After struggling to get someone to produce our bill. We decided not to have desert as who knows how long it would take to be served, and decided to go to the desert restaurant just a few feet away. 
Visited for the first time this evening, waited 30 mins for a drink. Could see our drinks sitting at the bar, I eventually walked up to get them myself! 
Went here for valentines as we enjoy Italian food. First time at this venue, never again! Although the food was very tasty I had to request more pancetta as had a measly 6 thin pieces in my carbonara!!! Felt like I was on a treasure hunt. The waiter was happy to supply me more in a little jug with no argument. Although the staff were friendly and attentive we had 3 asking us the same questions 3 times??!! Pudding menu was given to us we admitted defeat and went to Kremes opposite 
My Mrs and I went here for Valentine's night. We were promptly and politely show to our table, but it went downhill fast from there. I fancied a pint of Italian beer, was told that the draught beer had run out !!! Had to buy over priced bottle of Stella. Ordered two mains, a carbonara and a pizza. My Mrs carbonara was so stingy on the pancetta, she had to send out a search party. My pizza was rolled so thin, you could almost see through it. We are not tight, but insist on value for money, and for two drinks and two poor mains, nearly £35 was very strong. The best part of the meal was crossing the road to Creams for a lovely desert... sorry Bella , you really let yourself down, we won't be returning.. 
From the moment we sat down and our waitress arrived - not to welcome us, but to ask if we wanted a glass of champagne or a cocktail, and then came back and asked again about two minutes later - we had an inkling that all might not be right. We said please give us time to look over the menu and wine list - so she then ignored us for a very long time even though we were finally looking expectantly as she walked by us several times. But then, to her credit, when she did take our order she attended well to my dining partner's allergy. We also wanted a wine recommendation and were pleased when the sommelier came over promptly, and we were happy with the resulting bottle of wine. But the food - oh dear! -and there was no nice "presentation"at all of the food as it was served. I'll start with the good: the ravioli stuffed with seafood in a bisque sauce (starter) was very good. The bread was very good. The cod (main) was quite good. But the hare with spatzle (starter) was disagreeable, although the pieces of hare themselves were pleasant. The dish had way too big a quantity of crunchy crumbs mixed in throughout, and way too much spätzle compared with hare, and the dish was too big and heavy to be a starter. It was not a good dish. As for the really bad: stuffed chicken (stuffed with sausage I think) did not have a fresh and appealing look, and tasted unpleasant (I doubt there was anything "wrong" with it - it just was disagreeable, not just the stuffing, but the chicken too). I took 2 bites - one to try, and that 2nd to confirm - that it was dreadful. My dining companion felt the same. Then we had 2 desserts - a ginger cake with pineapple and ice cream - this was very good. The other dessert - really, we should have taken a photo of it! It was pumpkin pie with grated Gouda, but had obviously completely fallen apart when serving it, and should not have been brought to the table at all. It had the appearance of having been hastily swept up and dumped on a plate with extra cheese grated on top to try and disguise that it was a complete mess. I've never seen anything like it in all my long dining experience. It unfortunately tasted as bad as it looked - dreadful. 
My friend and I popped in for a late lunch. We had a nice window table. The menu didn't inspire me in the first place but he settled on the 'West Hampstead Eggs' and I ordered a goat's cheese, beetroot, walnut and asparagus salad. The salad was a range of raw beetroot slices, with no dressing and practically no cheese. It was impossible to get the staff's attention to ask for some dressing and more cheese. When the bill came we had been charged double for the egg dish and when we pointed out the error the apology was insincere. Not going back to this cafe any time soon. 
This is the kind of place you want to love. It’s family owned, clean inside and has all the possibilities of being somewhere good to eat and have a good evening. Unfortunately, despite the best efforts of the staff (who are genuinely lovely) it falls far short of expectations. The past three times visiting, they have run out of key ingredients (salmon or sushi rice) which means the menu is considerably reduced in size and leads to disappointment when order after order is rejected. The other disappointment this time was the wrong food was delivered, the wrong order had been written down (chicken katsu simple rather than with yakki udon). The pile of rice lacked flavour and stuck in the mouth, without any sauce to save it. The chicken was pleasant though. Unfortunately for a Valentine’s Day evening this was incredibly disappointing and we ended up very disappointed on what should have been a lovely evening. It’s a shame as this is the nearest place to where we live and we want to love it but unfortunately I don’t think we’ll be back as it ends up being a disappointment every time.  
We have been coming to Chez Bruce for well over a decade, unfortunately last night will be our last. 
Over rated, living on reputation. Restaurant was over crowded and an income generator rather than a dining experience. Food was nothing special, starter was confused lacked texture and had no particular taste quality. Two courses shared the same sauce base, beef was tough. Peanut butter dessert was tasty but a hammer and chisel would have helped to tackle the biscuit base. The food courses were delivered in batches and the traditional explanation of the course prevalent in all good restaurants was absent. Wine was expensive. Waited to pay the bill, won't go back and would recommend proper foodies go somewhere else. 
Have been going to this restaurant off and on for a few years 
1st time of visiting whilst with a friend. Restaurant looked very nice not too busy but they seemed to be short of staff this is a Saturday at 1pm. Waited 45 mins for food to be served. Had to ask them to chase the order.  
This was our first take away and was very disappointed, not very nice, tuff dry chicken and poppadoms tasted of fat, would not use again 
Chiswick fire station is an absolutely stunning venue BUT, after my third sub-par visit to the restaurant I sadly have to say that it was not third time lucky.  
We did it again and visited this restaurant during lunchtime and again was very disappointed. The service was extremely slow and we would wait about half an hour for our food. The food is hit and miss with some dishes better made than others. 
Went here after a long day in London as we were living in the hotel across the street. There were 3 other tables occupied when we got in, many waiters were at work yet it took a long time for anyone to take our order and a long time after that for it to arrive. Our pizzas were cold, the mozzarella on mine was not even melted. No one asked if we were doing okay or offered to get us more drinks. Then we had to wait another 10-15 minutes for a waiter to notice that we wanted to pay. Asked to speak to the manager and got a discount on our total for the bad food and service as well as vouchers for free meals which helped a little. Went back to the hotel and ate snacks to feel full. 
We had a very average meal and absolutely dreadful service. The waitress was very rude and, upon complaining politely, the so called manager was even worse. It wasn't cheap and in an area with a vast amount of choice, they should do better and be more mindful of treating their customers with courtesy. Quite frankly I can think of several better restaurants in the area to spend my money. I wouldn't recommend and I certainly won't be going back. 
This place use to be good for their Sunday buffets but our recent visit was bad! 
The Wet Fish Cafe is know or should I say has been know as an institution in West Hampstead. But in fact it has lost its mojo, what was special 5 years ago is no more today and one has to move with pace of times. 
Decided to eat here for the first time before our film started at the Odeon. My friend and I with our 2 children waited over an hour and a half for our meal, the restaurant wasn't particularly busy, so I couldn't understand why it was taking so long! Plus the manager came out to clear a table and people were coming in and he was muttering to himself and swearing because they were in his way! He looked at us and said oh you didn't hear that did you!!!! I had to go into the cinema and luckily they refunded our tickets and we got other tickets for a later showing! When I came back our food was there and once I'd sat down to eat it was cold! Also I had the spirilized vegetables in a tomato sauce. Total rip off asked for chilli to be added, which was an extra £1:75! Should be cheaper than the pasta dish, for what it is it's not worth the money! 
went here on Saturday 26/11/16 with my wife and grand daughters tje meals had no flavor the service was bad we used taste card it says on the web site 2-1 it not no sonner han we finished i meal the bill was put in front of us no chance to sit and relex it was not the busy so why we where rushed i not know will never go back he again 
The food was nice, however the service was very poor. 
Had the eggs florentine on a ‘handmade muffin’. Translation, a tiny piece of bread consisting of sun-dried tomatoes and olives ???? Very odd combination that didn’t work - maybe personal taste but did find the comments from the adjacent table pretty funny. 
Fantastic building and beautiful decor. Sadly, it looks like management are trying to appeal to a certain type of crowd. My friend and I both middle aged were practically ignored during our visit. We left feeling invisible, the staff were not rude as such but did not engage or have any interest in us at all.. I should add it was noticeable that they viewed younger customers regardless of sex differently. It;s a shame because they have now lost our custom. 
Slow is an under statement. Waited an hour from sitting down to food arriving - drinks took over 1/2 hour. Cucumber on child's starter was soggy and old, told the waitress who did or said nothing. My child's meal was the same size as mind except mine was double the price and not one apology for late service. The bar was also covered in dirty used glasses that were there the whole time. Really poor. Won't go again.  
I booked by phone the previous day, but when we arrived the girl at the desk could find no booking! The alternative was to sit next to a noisy kids party which we declined! When I pointed out that there was an empty table that had not been cleared away next to us she reluctantly said we could have that and slowly started to clear it , eventually I helped to clear the table of glasses myself rather than wait all night. Someone should shake up the staff in this place as it could be good! 
had a meal here when first opened decided to give sunday buffet a try was very disappointed with service food only warm poor choice  
Visited Bella Italia on a Saturday night after the cinema. The length of time the meal took I'm pleased it was after and not before! The restaurant itself looks great and was very buzzy. Upon arriving we were told there was a 30 minute delay on food not really acceptable but we were happy to give them the benefit of the doubt. We were sat on a table that was a bit too close for comfort to the next one. Our drinks order was taken quickly so I thought this is a good start and perhaps the reports of bad service I'd heard had been sorted. Unfortunately not. My Prosecco arrived and was warm! After waiting a while for our starter, cheesy garlic bread nothing complicated we were told our waitress had forgot to put our order in! We were given a pot of bread sticks as an apology! Finally it arrived and was actually very nice. We then waited an age for our main course (along with everybody around us) definitely more than half an hour! They made more money out of us as we had to order more drinks as we were waiting so long - I asked for a cordial and was bought a child size and the server didn't query in fact she went back and bought me a straw! Again it was warm! When the waitress passed by she noticed this and bought me an adult size and this time it was cold thank god! When the food finally arrived mine was nice but unfortunately my mums was very disappointing she had the special but it only had a handful of mushrooms in it and a couple of bits of chicken - she left half. Throughout the evening we saw food just being left on the pass for ages until the other food for the table was ready or the staff stopped talking by the kitchen long enough to serve it at one point I think we counted the manager and 5 waiting staff just standing there chatting and looking at the food going cold. All in all the meal took an hour and 45 minutes for basically a bowl of pasta - fine if we had chosen to have a leisurely dinner but that's us leaving practically as we had just finished our mains. This could be a great place and a fab addition to Orpington but at the moment it's a bit of a shambles! The kitchen, staff and management need to improve before I would consider going back.  
Visited here with 2 friends a table booked for 12.30 lunchtime on arrival we waited at the desk for 20 minutes to be shown our table I say the restaurant was a 1/3rd full if that. ok so told to sit wherever we wished ..fine  
The coffee is pretty bad. Watery and tasteless, like a Starbucks. I also ordered cake which was dry and inedible. Waiting staff were really nice though and I can't speak for the food as I didn't have any. The whole place, as you might imagine, smelled strongly of wet fish. Not sure if this was a good thing! 
Tried it twice, both times showed the same: Food wasn't good, salmon was dry, portions were too small. 
Our experience at The Wet Fish Cafe was disappointing and it is a shame because small things could have been done to make it an enjoyable experience.  
Went to Bella Italia in Orpington as a family party of 7 on Friday evening, having booked a couple of days earlier. Briefly, the food was good, although the pepperoni pizza was very cheesy and the pepperoni and chilli topping was a bit sparse, and quite a few of the menu choices were unavailable, but the service was a disappointment. 3 hours for a 3 course meal (didn't stay for coffee), is not acceptable, and the service staff seemed more intent to chat with each other and friends eating at the Restaurant than serving customers. First time visit to a Bella Italia restaurant, and probably the last. This was the first time in about 5 years I haven't left a gratuity. There are far better independent Italian restaurants in the area, with excellent service, good food and cheaper prices.  
We've given this branch the benefit of doubt twice now hoping that issues on previously occasions have been a one off. The waiting staff are very friendly and helpful however they are let down by a poor kitchen and an awful manager. The same problems each time. 
3rd visit this evening and once again shocked by the slowness of the service . We d let it go the first time as we were a big party and it had just opened but both subsequent visits have been the same . Food is good and staff are friendly but there seems to be some kind of chaos in the kitchen and like another reviewer my daughter and I could see our food sitting on the counter for a good 15 minutes before being served , I felt like going up and getting it myself . Given the volume of poor reviews on here why aren't the management addressing this ? 
I hadn't been to the Wet Fish Café for 6 months but since my last visit, the food quality has definitely declined. I went with my sister and got the early bird menu (leave by 8pm) which is great value on paper but having eaten, I would have been very disappointed if I'd paid full price. The waitress was absolutely lovely and the atmosphere is great, nice wine list but food was average/poor. Don't order the crispy squid, extremely overcooked and nothing crispy about the batter. The salmon was overcooked. The Chilli pasta special wasn't spicy.Considering the place specialises in fish, I would expect more. Breakfast is still great there though and a little more reasonable. Expensive overall for what it is. 
I usually love Bella Italia, but my first visit to the new Orpington restaurant wasn't a good one! Untidy, no staff and very bad food. Small portions and came out stone cold. Sent it back and instead of a new one it had defiantly been microwaved! 
Six of us went for dinner to the Wet Fish Café in West Hampstead, London. It was a truly disappointing experience! 
My girlfriend and I went for pre-theatre dinner here yesterday and it was alright up until the bill arrived.  
Decent food and interesting menu but outrageously noisy. Don't go if you intend holding a conversation with anyone. Also, not greatest value and portions felt stingy. 
I don't want to be a Wet Fish on this cute little cafe, but overall, the experience was really disappointing. The staff were abrupt and difficult to catch. The easiest, most timely part of the meal? It was requesting the bill, presumably as to seat the ever growing queue at the door! The portions were incredibly small and the food on the plate was nothing special. It's a shame that the avocado wasn't ripe but the biggest let down - the cappuccino was watery. 
Visited with a party of 20 mid week so it wasnt busy which was just as well as it was pretty disorganised. Once we had been seated and orders taken it settled down. The staff were attentative but a little disorganised - taking drinks orders but not delivering them things like that. 
I was not impressed by this restaurant. The lighting and the decor left much to be desired and the food was mediocre. The staff were verging on arrogant in their attitude towards customers and we felt like an inconvenience to them.  
I don’t know why I bother coming back here; I am constantly disappointed. Lukewarm coffee, barely a server in sight and terrible, terrible service. I have finally decided to write a review on here because as a local it really is a shame that the management of this establishment are not present enough to notice or care about what customers are experiencing. Such a great venue let down by lazy management. I don’t plan on coming back here now - another regular customer lost. Eventually you guys will wake up! 
I really wanted to try this place as it looks lovely and booked myself and my friends in for lunch. After waiting sometime for someone to seat us, I had to go looking for a waiter. He were brought to our seats, however we weren't given any menus and it took us at least 20 mins to get someone's attention to do so. There were plenty of staff working, they just seemed to have no interest in actually being there. One of our orders were incorrect and again took 10 minutes to get someone's attention to rectify it. The food was ok, but the lack of attention from the staff just let the whole experience down, which is a real pity as the venue itself is lovely. 
Very trendy place for drinks and reasonably priced. However the food is below average. They have some serious improvement to make. 
Visited with my wife and two adult sons at 16:30 Hrs for the Sunday Buffet, We had made a reservation, There was a table of eight and a table of two already eating,  
A rather boring meal was had here unfortunately. They have also removed all menus due to Covid which is understandable but ordering on the app was not user friendly or convenient and definitely takes away the pleasure of being in a restaurant. The food was very average and uninspiring (we had a half chicken which was mostly breast meat and dry, as well as a sweet potato, beetroot, quinoa salad which was fine). Without Rishi’s discount it would have been a very expensive meal! 
Went there for a special occasion, however averagely disappointed. 
Don’t get me wrong- I like this place...for drinks. Have come here several time for drinks; it’s got nice decor, nice atmosphere and good selection of drinks. Having said that, today was the first time I’ve eaten here, and I won’t be repeating. First red flag: starter and mains came together (before drinks arrived). Starter: Falafel was decent, nothing special. Main: avocado and halloumi burger with skin on fries. Burger was okay but deep fried halloumi and not much avocado. Chips were the worst I’d had in London. They were clearly pre-cooked, flavourless and horrible texture. Had to ask for ketchup and salt 3 times before we got it.  
I'm afraid Chez Bruce has gone a bit Coldplay. Like the band, ten years or so ago, it used to serve up something made with love that connected with you, all delivered with discreet warmth. My much delayed 50th-birthday visit was sadly a bit of a clinic of just missing, and success and expansion has resulted in 'product' served up anonymously in an environment without personal connection.  
Absolutely poor and unprofessional service. Looks like the waiters are so tired they cant take simple instructions, keep forgetting simple things.  
Amazing decor friendly staff but it is not enough to give a great service as there is no eye contact when you need something you need to chase them. It was my friends birthday and menu looked good so we sat there but even the app to order and register took ages not user friendly. Sadly food quality is bad. My friend has club sandwich which looked like chef throw things on plate randomly. Chicken meat they used was something you would not give to anyone. Such a shame as the place looks promising. And I ordered the choc mousse with my coffee but never arrived so after 20 min i had to ask if my dessert is on its way but they forgot about it and to be honest i wish i didnt remind them it was tasteless. If you have 2 puds on the menu you think it must be good  
Indian restaurants are funny things. You try a few. You find the best. It stays that way for a year or maybe a little more. Then it goes downhill. Why? A deliberate ploy to improve profits hoping the loyal will keep coming back for one last "let's try it again. It can't be bad 4 times in a row" meal? Or do they just suffer from a general jading of customers as new entrants appear and they have to cheapen their offering? 
We have lived in the area for more than five years and visited CB for lunch and dinner several times. They have recently increased the coat of their set menu (it is still reasonable), but gosh the service has really gone down. Not proactive at all, we had to ask for water, the sommelier, coffees etc. Really irritating. Three courses took us about 2.5 hours, the wait was ridiculous and there was no logic to the order in which they were serving tables. They did proactively take off the service charge realising they failed. Food was fine, but not great. I found everything a bit too salty, or actually more like they use MSG because it had that deep umami coated flavour across the meat, sides and sauces. Oh yes, when we asked some questions about the dessert wines we were educated that they are all sweet wines. I mean what on earth would they be otherwise... They have got rid of their bread tongs so it's all germy hands in the basket now! 
should not be allowed into Michelin Star restaurants. The couple with their 4 year old , who had a dummy in his mouth, were moved away to the back of the room eventually. An otherwise good lunch was wreaked 
Nicely presented drinks, and patio out back is an oasis in summer but waaaay overpriced. The food is OK but not special, and that too is terrifically overpriced. 
Somehow the art (photographs and ceramic books) displayed in the restaurant failed to justify its high prices for me. Nicely presented, but, when viewed critically, not really that special. The same goes for the food. After a fairly long wait, my overcooked salmon was definitely not a wet fish anymore. Thus, toning down the style and presentation and focussing more on taste and preparation would have benefited my dish, which is hopefully not representative for this restaurant. After that, the bill could ony be a further disappointment. If you look up what the word "bistro" means, then this restaurant, with its pomp and circumstance, definitely isn't one; however, it may still be a (good?) London Bistro; I lack sufficient London Bistro eating experience to assess that. 
Came for some food. Got quarter rotisserie chicken and chips and friend got the burger. Firstly they got my order wrong the rectified it wrong but the Chicken looked like it was steamed skin wasn’t even crispy. Chips were mostly hard. Burger tasted raw and didn’t taste that nice. Staff were lovely and cocktails were good so they should stick to drinks only. As that’s all I’ll come for next time.  
I’ve had drinks here before and the setting is lovely, however on Sunday decided to try their food. My fiancé and I didn’t want a full on roast so opted for the club sandwich and we were informed it was good and also a sizeable portion so we didn’t need to share any fries. The Bloody Mary’s were good and then the food arrived. A deconstructed club sandwich which two bits of chicken (including bones), 1.5 tiny rashers of streaky bacon and chewy oily sourdough bread, a couple of halves of warmed tomato and some avocado. For the bargain price of £15 each with no fries. It was such a disappointing club sandwich, especially as you had to assemble it yourself. I’m all for clever and artistic food plating but it’s a club sandwich in a gastro pub not a dish served in Alain Ducasse at The Dorchester... 
We visited the Chiswick Fire Station mid-week as a group of work colleagues.  
Shared a bottle of wine with a friend that led on to cocktails and a snack, and a hefty bill for what it was. Its all front and no substance. Wont be going again.Better places nearby. 
Nice decor, but sadly that's where it ends for me. Cold coffee in small cups, mediocre English Breakfast, again not too hot, All this at extortionate cost.Hidden service charge of 12.5% on top of inflated prices. Food and service need improving, staff better informed and notice that service charge will be added needs to be shown on all menus and drinks menus, which currently it is not. Over £40 for 2 below average English Breakfasts and 3 coffees is criminal, even in Chiswick. Better available elsewhere on the High Road. 
I have eaten here before. I actually had coffee and cake last night. BUT tonight was different. I ordered the 'special'. It was Sea Bream with lots of vegetables..apparently. It sounded nice. 
Apparently a glutton for punishment. I continue to come here and continue to be disappointed by the service. It is always terrible. The food is quite good and if you have all the time and don’t mind your order being forgotten or taking an age it’s fine but if like me it’s not the only thing you have to do in a day, I recommend one of the many other good restaurants in Chiswick that are able to serve great food in a reasonable time. 
Let me keep this simple- 
Honestly the food was tasteless and we had to ask about our mains because they took so long. All round a meh experience, won’t be going again.  
This little hipster bistro always seems to be busy any time we venture by and the seafood heavy menu (as you would expect from the name) sounds genuinely delicious, if not slightly limited. The décor is modern-retro – retaining much of the original fishmonger fittings while catering to the hipster crowd with the local artwork and relaxed dining style. 
This place has a great vibe, and lovely decor. However it's really let down on value for money food-wise. I had an Avocado and Taleggio toastie - well presented but with the measliest scraping of avo and a tiny amount of cheese. And that was it. Not even a rocket leaf to bolster.  
This was my second visit to this bar, although the staff are pleasant and it’s a clean environment with a good atmosphere.  
I want to say, I have been to this establishment on a few occasions mainly for just drinks. I’m writing this review after my second attempt at food and I wouldn’t go again. 
Went for birthday lunch. Was disappointed from the begging to end. Cold staff, hard to feel welcoming. Not good wine recommendation. Food was so bland. Not going back.  
my partner and I have been devoted fans of the wet fish, going there for brunch pretty much every other weekend. The last 3 times we've been there have been very disappointing, with portions shrinking to half of what they were, and some recipes being changed to be replaced with cheaper ingredients, yet prices have stayed the same. 
We went with friends expecting a good selection of fish but were disappointed with the limited menu. my starter of gravadlax was tiny bulked out with potato. My cod was good but also with a pile of potato. 
Poor service overall. It just took a long time to be served and then no one bothered to come and take the dessert order. The seabass was tiny and expensive for such a paltry portion. I had the chicken schnitzel, again on the small size and the fries were pale and needed more cooking. Just not good enough. Cramped table.Second visit but shan't bother again. 
We've enjoyed a couple of brunches at No. 197, and felt it was a good choice to take my parents out, however today was a real let down.  
We went one evening and it was only about a quarter full of that & they took 15 mins before they let us sit down then wanted to move us, took 20 mins to take our order and our food then came before our drinks - the food was good & tasty. We asked for our bill and got given someone else's & then finally got our own but they were really slow despite the fact the place was mainly empty! Majorly need to improve this!  
Two adults and two children had lunch in the half term. Children had kids grown up menu. When the mains finally arrived One had burgers which were burnt. I had the chicken with pasta which contained 3 small pieces of chicken it was also cold when it arrived but We were in a rush as had to be elsewhere so didn't complain. There weren't many people in there the staff just couldn't seem to cope. When the bill came they had over charged us by £7 which they quickly changed. I won't be eating there again.  
I ordered the breakfast and it was truly awful. Streaky bacon should be well cooked and crispy this was barely cooked and fatty. The mushrooms and the tomatoes tasted of something sour and indescript, the toast was not properly toasted. Breakfast is simple and tasty good food cooked well, this was poor and expensive, over £20 for this and 2 coffees, never again! 
Thought we would try here for breakfast on a Sunday, first in at 9am. Waited half an hour to be served as staff more concerned with setting up. Ordered bacon & eggs on gluten free toast, given sourdough, had to be changed! Waited longer as gluten free had to be oven baked despite the waitress writing this on the ticket clearly for the kitchen first time round! Partner finished half his breakfast by time I got mine. Arrived with some horrid lardy fat slimy chunks of fat more than bacon, apparently bacon belly which I did not ask for as I wanted crispy bacon and a horrid bit off cheese with rind on toast. 1 out of 3 items ok, the eggs! Offered a free coffee, whoop whoop for the muck-ups. Also took ages to get our drinks at beginning again more interested in setting up rather than customer focused. Expensive mediocre experience. Won't be returning here for breakfast, far better in Bill's opposite! Shame as this could be a great place if they get their act together. I see not alone in these reviews. 
The decor and ambience was quite nice however the food was certainly not value for money nor the service. 
We are trying very hard to love this restaurant and make it our local but it's not possible . We dined yesterday (Friday evening) and once again the food was cold and the service below average . The concept is good and the idea of trying to make a French brasseroe ( I am Fremch by the way ) is also good . The menu is Anglo French brasseroe style and good . But the service was again terrible . The servers are not passionate about service and food . We had 3 different servers and they where all very average . No passion , No attention to details , they give the impression they are there as an inbetween job and they have " No metier" . We ordered bred it never came , we ordered extra tartare sauce it never came and as the man was pouring the wine half of it hand up on the table ! As for the food it's good but I am fed up having hot food on a cold plate . It's probably an OK restaurant for someone with low expectations or with little knowledge of the making of a real brasserie . Cote is a pseudo brasserie , it's not much more then a cafeteria pretending to be something else . We will not go back and I recommend you don't it's a fake ! 
The waiter did not write down our order and of course the steak sauce was forgotten. 
To be ignored by the wait staff (no greeter was visible) as we stood in the reception area set the tone for the evening. Seated, eventually, we often felt abandoned as a series of waitresses seemed indifferent to our wish to order or, later, to pay the bill. One waitress said she'd worked there for only three weeks. The others, one presumes, had hardly begun their training. The food was quite acceptable and Cote's location is highly attractive -- so it's a shame that the restaurant is ill-served by the incompetence of its staff. 
We have dined here on numerous occasions & had fantastic food & exceptional service! Sadly this was not the case last night! Maybe a new FOH team in place- service rather slap dash & lacking attention to detail! Waiter were unsure as to mine & my friends main course & hence served us the wrong dish! A disappointing Easter Subday evening. Was not made clear on the menu that you could opt for 2 courses- only 3 courses advertised. 
They were four of us (+ a little kid) on a Sunday lunch. The restaurant was half full. Three cooks were in the open kitchen. In a nutshell you have to wait a lot (about 50mns) before you can eat. This place is full of kids and they offer two kids menus of the most unhealthy type: French fries with fried chicken and some type of cheesy pasta. 
Restaurant looks great  
Hi ate here on my own. If I had an issue with that I was reminded of it three times by three members of staff ' just you dining tonight Madame ?' Luckily I didn't !  
Extremely disappointed in my first visit! An early dinner at 7pm with older children ended up due to slow service a late night! "Littleones" menu is terrible do not order the fishfingers a complete waste of money - chicken skewers from main menu not what you expect either! The description of food is misleading too! This place needs to review how it treats people and the food they serve more staff are needed if they wish to continue charging the amount that they do! 
Whilst the food is reasonably priced, there was no vegan option and my daughter was given a bowl of spaghetti with chopped tomatoes. Needless to say it was bland and stodgy. We commented to the waiters and owners on the lack of options and was told vegans don't come here with a shrug. They also missed my fathers meal arriving late with a toasted sandwich saying the forgot it! Glasses of water were also forgotten. 
Had been looking forward to going here for a while. Lovely interior, but service was shockingly poor. We had one very helpful waiter who went through the allergens, and what foods would be OK for a vegan - which sadly was seriously limited.After that we were left alone for about 30 minutes before our order was taken. The food then took ages to arrive, even though the place was pretty empty. We only ordered a sandwich and a salad which with 3 chefs on duty should have been quick. 
Food was nice, although a bit expensive for what you get.  
Chez Bruce..time for a reality check. I've got to admit this review is a bit late as I'm referring to a lunch a while ago but the fact that I'm bothering tells you the experience was negative enough to have stuck with me. It's a very small thing. My broccoli was soft, limp and overcooked. I told the waiter. The waiter told the chef. The chef told the waiter it was perfectly cooked. The chef told the waiter to tell me that the broccoli was perfectly cooked. I'm telling the waiter, the chef, the manager and any other twit who buys into the 'reverence for 'Chef' that limp broccoli that's overcooked isn't acceptable. Even when your Michelin start has gone to your head. 
Went for lunch on a friday & it wasn't too busy. Looked like a great place, cool interior etc .Very disappointed however - the staff were pretty slow, the food took a while, and when it did come out, even just the look of it was bland. The pulled pork tacos were completely flavourless - raw & soggy taco base, tiny amount of pork and a couple of grated bits of chili & apple - all i could taste was the lime i added on. Chilli squid lost all flavour & goodness with the ridiculous amount of thick oily fried batter around it, & the truffle macaroni cheese had nothing but extremely overwhelming truffle taste - not cheesy just milky truffle. the chicken skweres were ok, and the wine was nice but definitely a below average & very pricey lunch for what it was !!! manager on duty seemed to just say oh sorry it didnt meet your expectations. hmm, definitely wont be going back & don't recommend it, unfortunately as it has the potential to be a really funky amazing place !!  
Hugely overpriced for mediocre food and service. Lovely surroundings. Airy, bright and although busy not too noisy. However the servers though friendly aren't as attentive as one would expect in a place like this.  
I know this place and go quite a lot but normally just for drinks. The venue is great and the staff are super friendly. I would advise people to stick to just drinks and avoid the food like the plague. I took 7 employees there last week. The food that came was fridge cold, like it had been cooked in the afternoon and left on the plate in a fridge. We complained and they took the plates back, zapped the plate in the microwave but then we had to work out who had started eating from which plate etc. It didn't really improve the taste. Really poor. One of our team starting feeling sick towards the end of the night which didn't surprise me as either the food had been left out for ages or wasn't properly cooked to start with. Either way, the chef there does not care about the food they serve up. This place is good for Chiswick so I do hope it survives. I would just recommend you go for drinks only. 
The only reason I have given 2 stars and not 1 is because the restaurant and bar area are absolutely stunning. This is where unfortunately the positive comments stop. Upon entering the restaurant on a quiet evening myself and my parents waited at the bar trying to get the attention of the bar staff or waiting staff. No one came over to us to offer any assistance. We then went up to a group of staff simply chatting near the end of the bar and asked for a table for dinner. The whole place was empty. We were pointed out a large shared table with flip type seats and a breeze block underneath which made it very difficult to put your feet under. My mother and father both in their 60's found it difficult to slide in and also my father has difficulty walking and needs to out stretch his legs. I told the waiter that this table was a bit difficult for them and he said that's all we have, or the bar. Again very bar stools are a bit difficult for a 67 year old to eat a dinner. There was a booth table I asked if we could sit on. The waiter said it was booked. As I work in the industry I asked what time it was booked for, we only needed a short time for a glass of wine and 1 course. He said it doesn't really matter but it's booked at 8pm. was only 5.45pm?!? By the time we left the table was still unoccupied. We say at the uncomfortable table as my parents where tired and just wanted to eat food. No menus given. I went to the bar and picked up menus and sat down. With again 3 members of staff watching me. We sat there for 15 minutes and no one came over. I went to the bar to order food and drinks again with no apology or offer to come over to the table. From our table we could see our drinks sat at the end of the bar, with staff just walking past them. By this point 10 mins later I stood up and picked the drinks up myself. Food was very average, dads burger was cold, but and mothers gnocchi smothered with truffle oil after I specifically requested none on the dish, she really dislikes it but loves gnocchi. No one checked on our food the whole time. By the time everything finally came we just wanted to eat and get out of there. I think after everything the 12.5% service is a bit of a joke don't you? It's a shame as we have just moved to the area and really wanted to love this place.  
Lousy service not to say rude. In any port, you would get better mannered staff. The ambiente seems nice at first, then you realise it is simply with no soul. And the coaches are very uncomfortable. The place has undergone several refurbishment and still is a no-go. Food is also quite ordinary.  
Booked for a Birthday dinner, lovely setting, great cocktails and great service,but food was very bland, ordered lots of sharing plates to enjoy as a couple and wasn't impressed with any of them, under seasoned and overly fatty. The cheese for the cheese board had clearly been pre-sliced and so had dried out and was cracked and chewy. 
I visited the restaurant last weekend with 2 friends. Firstly they messed up my reservation. I booked the table for 3 people but I got an email confirming the booking for 2 people only. When I called to speak to someone regarding this the guy was so rude. We still went to eat,the restaurant was packed and they didn't have the staff to handle this which is silly as it was a Friday night. Our waitress was no where to be seen most of the time, she seemed irritated whenever we asked for anything, like simple things a cocktail, our food!!! We orders truffle mac and cheese but they forgot the truffle oil! When we complained we were given a side bowl of truffle oil to pour over the mac & cheese!! Our waitress at one point just stopped coming over to or table she just disappeared! The table next to us was a birthday dinner which then broke out into a party right near our table where we were trying to have a conversation and enjoy our meal! Which was hard with people dancing over our shoulder! The cocktails are over priced and the main menu is boring! I won't be visiting this place again! 
So we visited on a Sunday, the place had a few people in it and is decked out impressively. The waiter came over and told us before we had barely stepped in the door that it would be a half hour wait for food. We said that would be acceptable and then he said he had to check he could seat us! The place was a quarter full! Anyway we sat down with the menus, waited a while and had our order taken, not 2 minutes later another member of staff tried to take our order. Food came as was lovely, all enjoyed it throughly. No one checked if the food was ok for us and we wanted another round of drinks but staff seemed to be more interested in hanging out with each other loitering around the bar to worry about customers. Anyway we paid up and went to a pub down the road for another drink instead. So foods good just don't expect service to go with it, could be why everywhere else in Chiswick was rammed and this place wasn't, lesson learned! 
The setting is lovely and there is so much potential here. However this restaurant doesn't look like it has been updated since it opened about 30 years ago. Most of the staff seemed to be training - they were trying their best, but for the price you pay, it should be much more professional. The bar was appalling - limited choice and terrible decor. The food was nice, but overpriced. Not surprised that it was barely half full on a lovely sunny Friday evening, when they should have been full. Such a shame. 
I booked a table well in advance on opentable.com for 3 adults and was seated on one single table with 3 chairs, which is unacceptable. There was no room to put our food or drinks. 
....Staff do not seem to mind if you come or go and seem to be thinking of something other than service. The place was by no means full at lunch time - not a busy service. We were given a dish ordered by another table as we waited quite a long time for our order.  
As the title says really. You go and the place is really cool, white washed walls, quirky furniture. So great first impression but sadly that's where it stops. 
I visited this evening with a work colleague, after the initial mix up with our booking, we ordered...they had run out of steak, lamb and the nectarine crumble. Also, my coffee cup was dirty and had to be replaced. The service was reasonable but they really need to increase the availability of their menu or change it! Good atmosphere but improvement needed where the menu is concerned. 
This was our third visit to the Michelin starred restaurant-the first was a delightful surprise (but that was some years ago), the second, a brief lunch, was good and this latest-a celebratory dinner was more than a bit disappointing. 
Went here for a social get-together with several other couples; right from the start when the waitress didn't offer to take our coats I felt we had made a mistake ... plastic plants in the restaurant, unmatched furniture, cold dishes obviously straight out of the fridge as they were too cold (including a horrid - presumably bought in - lemon meringue pie), cold plates for the hot food, and the only tea, for non coffee drinkers, was standard "breakfast". The main fish dish was good, but the meat options very mediocre as were the starters and puds. Lovely setting overlooking the fishing lake but not somewhere I could recommend to eat. 
went here last Thursday evening, usually always go for drinks and its great. this time I went with a friend( without booking) for dinner, we were not greeted at the entrance and the manager gave us a dirty look (bald guy) when we asked for a table he seemed very fussy and not bothered, it was like he wanted us to not be there.  
My husband and myself only dined at Barracuda once, that was enough! The food was really poor and of bad quality and the wine was some of the worse I have tasted. Service and cost was ok, but we are big foodies and eat out a lot so are used to decent food and wine, we would never return to this restaurant. 
I have eaten many times at this restaurant and normally the good is very good however my last visit with a friend was really embarrassing as meat was chewy and tough with more fat on that normal. The staff are very good in this restaurant but they were busy this evening so difficult to get attention to speak to them. I was embarrassed as my friend had never been to this restaurant before and I had been raving about the food and staff. 
Having lived in Chiswick for over 35 years we have seen a great number of restaurants open. We can say that we now have a fantastic variety of different eateries in our area. Because of the competition in the area No 197 Chiswick Fire Station will really need to up its game to survive here. The decor is great, the atmosphere lively but the food is not commensurate with environment. I chose the Burger with a blue cheese sauce as did a friend, neither if us could taste any blue cheese on the burger and when we pointed this out to the manager he told us it was definitely there and it must have been our taste buds at fault. No plans to return anytime soon unless I hear that they have massively upped their food levels. 
It appears the waiters are doing on the job training. Slow to come to table, give flatware, water, take order, etc. They are figuring out right here with the client. There are a lot of them but they get distracted talking to each other. Once they come they are trying to figure out how to use the device to enter the order. Had to repeat a few times. Not only are they learning but are not pleasant at all. Food was good once it arrives. Had the fish which was moist and tender. At end of meal had to get up to get the server in order to get the bill. Experience has been the same the 3 times I have been there. At night very loud hard to hold a conversation so if you want to go on a date choose another place that you can actually talk and not scream at each other.  
Our high hopes of a special Sunday lunch in the autumn sun simply didn't happen. 
After several attempts to book a table my partner finally managed to reserve one for a recent Saturday evening. She had an odd conversation with a male, who we think may have been the proprietor, on the telephone who seemed uninterested in taking a reservation. 
Arrived for drinks at 8.30 with table reserved, 3 of us - our friends arrived early at 8.15 when joined them in waiting area was not offered a drink even though the place was almost empty and there was plenty of staff. When shown to the reserved table was not offered any food so asked for some - was then told the kitchen had been closed since Friday!? Ended up going to Franca Manca and picking up some pizzas and bringing them in. Service was very casual and reactive - really shocked, bring back All Bar One! 
I recently went here for our Christmas night out. The lake and surroundings were lovely however the food was a big let down. I thought the coke was over priced at the bar considering it just gets poured from a bottle and was on the flat side. I had the prawn starter which was edible but was like it had come from a party food selection from a supermarket! I then had the pork which sadly had no crisp to the outside of it, it was just soft and fatty. One roast potato was served and a mountain of over cooked carrots which were clearly from the frozen veg range, were thrown all over. I then had profiteroles for pudding of which you got two and then they were covered in some thick chocolate mouse not at all pleasant. The waitresses also didn't seem to know what they were serving as a friend who had ordered the turkey asked for the bread sauce which it stated came with it on the menu. The waitress bought her gravy. We further explained what bread sauce was and showed her on the menu. After a long wait the bread sauce finally arrived but my friend had finished by then (of what was edible). When the waitresses were bringing out desert they were asking who was having the souffle which wasn't even on the menu and we had to explain that what she was indeed holding in her hand and serving was Christmas pudding! Seriously how could anyone get that wrong! It was a real shame as the location was lovely and the disco lights and music after was great but the food was a massive let down and some of the worst food I have ever been served and not cheap at 25.00/head! I would not recommend this place and will not be returning.  
Don't want to say to much and it was someone's birthday .... Lovely setting and atmosphere but the food was a real let down.. buffet style beef caserole or chicken with mash which was served from a massive stainless steel pot it was cooked in. Felt like I was in a prison queue for slops. Not a vegetable in sight which for 25 quid you think they could manage. Cold plates which really is something that I don't like with hot food.. very poor value for money and left with the impression that it's all about making maximum profit from the meal and not enticing the customer to come back which is not really how any good food place is going to survive.. Lovely evening but would never pay 25 quid for something I could serve up at home for a couple of quid and make it look nicer.. shame as it's a lovely venue and maybe just needs a change of attitude from the person running the place.  
Having arranged to meet friends for a Christmas gathering, drove to the Halliford Mere Lakes and it was a pleasant welcome by the surroundings. Then parked in an adequate car parking area. Then entered the building which was well decorated and had a warm European feel. Was greeted by the manager and shown to the bar area. Having bought an over priced glass of Coca cola (which had no ice or lemon and not even filled to the 1/2 pint level), found that there was only one table and chairs (already occupied) for those in the bar as the remaining were for dining. Our group was eventually shown to the table (well, it was split separately in 4 which meant couldnt sit together) and the bread was served. Starters were arriving and i got mine which was Duck salad - duck on a bed of rocket and leaves. It was mainly fat and a thin covering of leaves......was not impressed. Hungry and eager to have main course, i waited patiently. Main course arrives and my expectations were quickly crushed. The processed sliced turkey was just warm, along with very over cooked sweet potatoes and carrots and the tiny piece of roast potato which amounted to approx 1/2 average sized Maris Piper. Main course was soon cleared by a few waiting staff who stacked the plates as if i was sitting in a local average cafe....... The lack of general ambiance and atmosphere we were all trying to enjoy the company of friends, were constantly interupted by staff attempting to take glassware and other things from the tables. Dessert arrived. Profiteroles - pastry was more than covered in a sickly thick chocolate and toffee sauce so wouldnt know it to be a profiterole! Coffee came on a tray but only 1/4 got the coffee as the rest of us were not offered. So a very expensive dinner (£25/person) for something that would have cost no more than £6/person to produce (food, labour and overhead) as a total 3 course meal. What a real shame as the potential is massive but no where near lives up to expectations of many people. Hope that some big improvements are made for the good of the business.  
I have been here twice now, both times have been really poor. The space has been decked out nicely, although it's rather like an airport lounge. I attempted to sit outside in the sun when I visited this week and the concrete walls outside which were filthy and not very inviting. 
So, we couldn't reserve a table in advance - "come along and we'll see if there's a table". We did, and were told there were no tables but that we could have a drink at the bar and there'd be a table in 20-30 minutes. We looked unimpressed and made to move - and, magically, the young chap dealing with us remembered that there was a table. My food was alright - gnocchi was generously mixed with green veg - but my partner found her sea bass under-seasoned and the dish tasteless. The music was too loud, not relaxing. For four of us, mains and desserts and two bottles of wine, £36 per head (including 12.5% service), which felt steep. Frankly I'd rather pay an extra fiver or tenner and go to Charlotte's Bistro or La Trompette - better quality food, better service, better atmosphere. Given the range of options in Chiswick, I won't be rushing back to 197CFS. 
My first comment about this venue is 'what a tranquil and beautiful setting'. Regrettably, it's downhill from here.  
Went for lunch on Sunday and wish we hadn't bothered,Draught lager was completely flat and tasted unpleasant,changed twice but didn't improve so ordered wine instead. We were given one tiny piece of roll and two blobs of butter to share,very mean! Starter ok but nothing I couldn't have done better myself and I'm no cook. Main course so small It could pass for a starter, very small piece of lamb ( overcooked),four cubes of potato and a small spoonful of mushy veg all sat in a watery tasteless sauce or gravy,not sure which it was meant to be. It is such a shame to have such a beautiful setting so massively let down by such mediocre food. We as a couple eat out every Sunday and midweek and always like to support our local restaurants but this is one we could never consider returning to. There are a number of pubs and restaurants locally turning out far superior food to here at a lower price. 
Went there on 2/8/2014 just before it close 
When this opened, my family were very excited about having a new, buzzy bar/restaurant in Chiswick. From the outside it looks stylish and sophisticated, better than anything else in Chiswick it seemed. Peering inside, the decor is stunning, adorned with industrial looking concrete and brick and white washed walls with funky furniture. 10/10 on appearances which is why I have offered them 2 stars.  
We came here at the opening week a month ago, when they were offering 50% off the food bill. I must say that my review is primarily on the service and not the food.  
Service was ok, but not personal at all just automated  
No 197 Chiswick Firehouse Station the new kid on the block for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. The decor is clean and modern but every visit I can't help find there is an unpleasant kitchen smell filling the place. The service is very attentive but when you look at the prices you expect nothing less. What seriously let's the place down is the food. 
My friend and I booked a table here last Thursday evening for dinner. Not a good experience. The restaurant is actually really nicely designed (bar the seating – see below) and gives the impression that you’re in for a great dining experience. Not the case. 
Went with friends for casual Thursday evening drinks and dinner. Love the decor and the outside space in the back. Shame the garden isn't usable after 7pm as its a residential area but there's little they can do about that. I appreciate the staff are trying to be helpful but having 5 different peoplr remind us that the garden closes at 7pm reflects that "zone serving" doesn't work unless there's great communication amongst team members, however nice and helpful they try to be. Each time, our response was "we know, we have a reservation at 7pm for dinner here". One or two even asked the name of the reservation.  
Beautiful view and friendly staff rest was very disappointing. Place was very cold and drafty. No beers on tap, (although they do serve them) no ciders, very limited choose of can beers. Although place was almost empty they had only one serving of calf's liver left, which came out quite rare(they did say they would recook it, but our friend didn't want to hold up the meal).Choice of rice, polenta or new pots only, vegetables same for every dish. 
My boyfriend and I went to the Watford branch for some lunch today. The food was nice and good value for the price but sadly the same cannot be said about the customer service. We asked for a milkshake and were told by our waiter that there were not milkshakes in and they had sold out. We then asked for a smoothie but were told there was only 1 smoothie type left. It was a hot day so I agreed and got this smoothie. About 20 minutes later, the ladies sitting next to us had got 2 milkshakes! Then, a family of 6 opposite us were also brought out milkshakes! I asked another waitress about the situation and she told us that sometimes the waiters can’t be bothered to make the milkshakes as they take too long so they lie to the customers! It was really rude to see the milkshakes being brought out to others next to us when they were refused to us. Couldn’t believe the service. Really bad. 
Really want to give this place the benefit of the doubt what with it being New Years Day but if I did my job as apathetically as this at any time just because I had been busy / drunk the day before I wouldn't be able to afford to drink there. 
We were disappointed with out visit this week.  
We were welcomed really friendly. Some of my party come there regularly and they were recognized. The layout of the menu is not friendly to read. But the majority tried the day special of slices sirloin marinated. We should have known better. It tasted like they had too many steaks leeft over from the last days and to sell them they made a special. The meat was not tender at all. Tough to chew. 
Used to be a regular for dinner with friends and it was always enjoyable but maybe popularity has been it's downfall. The place is not big and it's very noisy if there's a party and you are sitting in the sound trap by the window. The menu is tired and predictable, it needs changing and the food quality is highly variable; disappointing on the last 2-3 visits... Service too is highly variable and having a loud over-familiar prima-donna of a head waiter (who seem to forget he is NOT the owner) is no help if you actually want to enjoy what might have been a decent meal in good company. The last straw is that on the last two occasions they claim the card machine is not working..... leading to all sorts of embarrassments which they seem to think is your fault. They don't tell you before you eat either so I wonder what they are playing at. Never again for me but others enjoy it. 
Love the food and setting here, but often times we go and it’s closed!!!! Even though it says online that it’s open. Very frustrating- at least update your opening hours, especially when closing randomly! 
Lovely location very clean and well laid out with ample outside seating area , 
Big thumbs down I'm afraid. Upon ordering the £9.95 Banqueting meal we were told we MUST purchase a drink and its is compulsory, even having made enwuireis a week earlier.. they never mentioned it.. This makes the cost £9.95 + £3.00.. The portions were very small. The sheek kebab was exactly the same size as my forefinger. There is a wall half way through the restaurant so you don't see any waiters and they don't see you for service. You could be waiting 5 min for a serviette. 
Having been to the Verdict a couple of times, I have never been impressed with their soft drink selection (it is very limited and most are purely sugar), or their pastry selection which is extremely limited, so have never really wanted to return.  
Ate here on Sat 8 Nov. Atmosphere was nice, quite buzzy, service was good. No breadsticks or olives for the table whilst we were waiting for our group to arrive, had to order garlic bread instead, which was a little embarrassing as they could have asked if the rest of the table would have liked bread too. A couple of us had risotto, what a shame Arborio rice wasn't used, the long grain rice was very dry as was the 'creamy' sauce, disappointing - the chicken was cubed which begs the question, was it fresh and neither of the risotto's were seasoned? Three of the ladies had dishes served with mashed potato that was not fresh, they thought it was 'instant smash'. Its a small restaurant and every seat was taken. Wouldn't go again. 
Cafe is well located and we have enjoyed previous visits but service today was very poor and other customers were clearly complaining. Staff wonderng about with little urgency. Wife ordered pasta but cutlery seems to be an optional extra so had to go back to bar and ask. God order wrong with bacon sandwich 
Took my wife for a mid afternoon coffee and cake. The service was okay but the coffee was awful, we each had a slice of cake. When the bill arrived they charged £4.50 for a slice of mediocre carrot cake! More than you would pay in a restaurant in Knightsbridge! Woulld certainly not go again 
I ordered the Seafood Risotto which resembled a paella instead. It was ok, nothing to write home about. The wait staff was a bit stand-offish. I was surprised since most restaurants in that area have friendly wait staff. Don't have to worry about me returning! 
Have been several times but certainly with my recent visit that will be my last! Ordered a personal favourite, Tandoori mixed grill and was left astounded by the very small portion. For £13 I got one piece of chicken, one piece of lamb, half a sheek kebab, a dry chicken leg and a measly lamb chop! Pathetic, poor food poor quality 2/10 
Food OK, except for inedible mint cream desserts. When challenged, the waiter said 'Yeah, they're not good: in fact, they're our last two and we won't be having any more'. No apology, or offer of refund to a friendly, free-spending [£115], party of two adults and three children. 
I have been to this restaurant quite a few times.. And to be fair the food and service has been quite good, however I went in there last night with friends, all started well.. Everyone had a starter (except me) they looked nice.. Then our mains came up.. I don't eat meat.. So I ordered a king prawn dansak... First two mouthfuls were fine.. Third mouthful was a piece of meat.. (I think lamb??) YUCK YUCK YUCK.. They offered me a replacement.. I declined.. It just put me off. When I showed the waiter he couldn't take it off me quick enough!!! 
Coffees, cakes and sandwiches to take away are decent enough. My partner and I have been disappointed each time we have sat in the restaurant for breakfast and the standards have definitely dropped, as we have been about 5 times since opening. Guilty breakfast: Overcooked eggs, tepid and too many baked beans. Eggs Benedict: Again overcooked eggs and hollandaise sauce not great and tepid. Omelette: Over cooked and really salty. Final straw was the ham & cheese toasty: 2 bits of dry bread, with sub standard quality ham and cheese. There wasn't a single ounce of butter inside or outside and it wasn't toasted, so more like warm, stale sandwich. I would have been embarrassed to serve this without charging, we were actually speechless. When we came to pay, we were not asked how the food was, which should be standard practice in any food establishment. Had we been asked we would have been honest. My partner had decided he would vote with his feet, having been disappointed every time he has been. 
Food was acceptable - nothing outstanding or poor. Service was good until we asked the restaurant to honour their 50% off food discount. The bill came back with a 30% discount so I had to ask a second time to honour what they advertised. Simply don't advertise deals you won't honour!!  It was super cringey and embarrassing to have to beg for the discount from a begrudding waiter.  He then asked where I saw the deal which I told him but it's not really my job to manage their advertising and promotion.  Very disappointing and unprofessional to try and sneak the 30% discount past me when I showed the 50% deal on my phone. What a shame as I would probably go back if it wasn't for the blatant attempt to mug me off. :( 
I have given this restaurant/deli (which is it?) a low score for two reasons. First - it has no individual website so you have no idea what they offer. It looks like a deli. They do some meals but when and what is a mystery. Reviews mention tapas so we booked expecting to be able to share interesting nibbles. It turned out Tuesday was burger night. Nothing else on offer. We also mentioned their restricted opening hours and discovered that local rumour apparently has it wrong. They are, for example and contrary to public information, open on Sunday afternoon when the Farmers' Market is open. Second - We thought the bill was on the high side for a burger meal with a bottle of generically labelled Merlot. Come on Verdict. Get your act together or you aren't going to last very long. Most customers won't arrange their diaries to fit in with your menu plans. They will expect you to fit in with theirs. 
I went here with a friend of mine for Sunday Brunch. The menu looks inviting, offering not just the stardard brunch fare but also a couple of full english options as well. 
Food is nice but the service is terrible. Seems to be a pace where no one is in charge. Loads of kids working there casual cloths just chatting, not listening to orders and keep forgetting what they’ve been asked for. 
Very very expensive for what it is . Place is basically just one room of a house with only a few tables for customers . Went in June and had vegetable spring rolls for a starter which comes with lettuce, lifted up the lettuce and there was a great big slug sliding across the plate . 
Pleasant surroundings and passable service does not make up for a poor standard of cooking. Three of our four dishes were overcooked and seriously lacking in flavor. Chefs need to do better. 
Nobody answers the phone! 
First time I’ve ever been. Ordered a plaice and chips to takeaway. Got home to tuck in and the fish had a cold bottom! Oddly enough, when they took the plaice out and called our order out I did say to my sister that seemed too quick to cook that plaice but I assumed the guy knew what he was doing although I reckon he was too concerned about the queue of people waiting so rushed the fish! The chips were really nice no issues there but really disappointed in the fish! Paid £5 for a fish i had to microwave and ate less than half of and threw away. 
Stopped in for a pint before the rugby as we were both big fans of Fullers beer. Unfortunately most if the beers were off, so with limited choice we chose london pride thinking we couldn't go wrong. We were however wrong, as the beer was warm as if it had been sat in the sun all day. I dont think it's too much to expect beer to be well kept if you're charging £4.70 for ale. On the positive side, it is a really nice pub inside with a nice atmosphere.  
Visited on Saturday with friends , was ok very cold inside so kept coats on . Very dark and only one waitress . Menu had loads to,offer but the food wasn't that good , warm not hot and very small portions . The place feels like it's gone back in time ? Maybe needs a make over , been and won't return !  
When i go to somewhere new i always like to give them a chance to improve on something that i didn't think was quite right from the first visit. Unfortunately things hadn't improved or feedback taken on board. The service is very friendly and a lovely pub however the vegetables that come with the Sunday dinner are questionable, after informing the server of my previous experience and concerns what we were served was a disgrace. The couliflower cheese was mushed up and didn't even taste like it should have, the roast potatoes were either old or had been re-roasted and the sweed was just horrific. All served directly from the microwave. I dont mind paying for good food but these are simple things that just aren't being done right. 
It's been a while since we last came to the Temple. The food was excellent as I remember it. Unfortunately, we didn't get to try any this time around, Although the menu states 'speak to the waiter about allergies', our waiter (and person who took our initial booking) picked out some dishes that my dairy/nut allergic son could have, some with minor modifications. We knew tikka and tandoori were marinated in yoghurt, so these would not be available to him. Neither would the items clearly marked with an 'N' for nuts. After we had ordered our drinks we were told that the chef pre-makes the sauces with ghee and therefore nothing on the menu was suitable for anyone with dairy intolerance/allergy. They did offer to make him a piece of chicken and rice, but our conscience would not allow us to sit and watch him eat this basic offering while we had a smorgasbord to choose from. Not sure how other Indian restaurants manage to cater for those with dairy allergies, so reluctantly, we will never return to the Temple again. Advice to Temple: Please change the wording on your menus that people with dairy allergies are not welcome and should go elsewhere. 
I do not recommend this restaurant. 
We had a beef and lamb Sunday lunch but very disappointed it was not served hot. As we were very hungry and had waited quite some time we didn’t send back but also no one came along during our meal to ask if everything was ok. When they cleared the plates I told them about the lack of heat and got the response thanks for the feedback, we will tell chef. Then we went to pay I was told they would take 20% off the food bill, I said that I had a voucher for 20% off so this wasn’t giving me anything. The response was I could use that voucher on my next visit.  
This was always a really special restaurant to visit, the food was always exquisite and although slightly more pricey than other places it was well worth it. 
We have used this restaurant many times, but yesterday would be our last visit. 
Everyone needs a good local curry house. This is not it. Every dish we ordered was absolutely swimming in oil to the point where it was making me feel queasy - this included Chicken Korai, Chana Masala, Cauliflower ... the peshwari naan had a pool of oil sitting on top. The chicken tasted processed. We won't be back.  
Previously ordered a takeaway from there with no worries, now second time round am told that lots of the food [that I ordered last time] is cooked with ghee.  
We went to the King and I for dinner during January. The restaurant was very busy - full tables and lots of take away orders coming through on the phone.  
The last time we went to this place for a takeaway which was a month ago now will probably be the last for a while as when we got the food home tha sausage and sausage in battwer qere cold which spoilt the whole meal. 
We'd booked this hotel for a Saturday night stay, as our 1st choice (the Eton Mess) had cancelled our booking due to an overbooking glitch at their end. We paid £130 in advance through Booking.com, for a superior double room with breakfast included in the tariff.  
Gone completely down hill. By the time I take the best chip's out of bag I'm left with about 10 edible chip's. Trying to find a decent chip shop. 
Jacks sadly food has always been greasy. 
We visited here a few weeks back in late March / early April can't remember the exact date but we have only just got round to writing this review. I felt it was important I let others know and the outlet gets done feedback.  
My wife and I spent 2 nights here . The bar area is quite nice , we didn't use the grill as it was completely empty each time we looked. We found the room very tired and now of a poor standard . Ideal location but we would not use again as it needs tidying up now. 
We called into this place on the way back from Thorpe Park (not worth the money). The sign said something it being a famous chip shop. 
A Sunday lunchtime visit was disappointing. Slow service and the short menu was expensive by local standards. 
Only went here to try the take away for a change, so glad we didn't eat in as the restaurant looks like an old junk shop inside. However the take away was an absolute rip of, we did not over order, the meal was for four of us, one small bag with approx 7 dishes came to £75 !!!! If once we got home the food was fantastic then perhaps we would have said "oh well" at least it was quality food, the food was mediocre, no real flavour & I am still try to work out what animal the spare rib in the mixed starters came from !! They also had the front to tell me they do not takes cards & I could pay cash only. Perhaps the inland revenue should take a visit. Moral of the story, do NOT get ripped off by this rubbish little restaurant that's run by tax evaders !!! 
Booked through legoland and part of a package. Obviously this means I'd be bringing kids. On the face of it, the hotel is nice and homely. But when i was faced with trying to get a 2yr and 4yr old up two narrow winding steep staircases, plus our luggage, to access your room which they've decided is on the second floor, I knew I was on to a looser. Rooms look good and well appointed on first glance, but to my horror, the family room I'd booked for 2 adults and 2 kids comprised of a large double and a small double pull out sofa bed with a mattress which was no thicker than a duvet. Absolutely discussing how they can expect anyone to sleep on that, plus expect two kids to share it.  
We booked this last minute and thought mistakenly that we had booked the Christopher Wren (where we have stayed before), it looked like a good deal.  
Visited on a Tuesday night and ordered a burger & chips and fish & chips. My chips were hard in the middle and so awful I had to send them back.  
With the closure of the other pub at the end of the lane we were one of the many dozens of people who decided to Make the Kent our new local. 
The problem with the Kent has always been that their huge garden gets packed and the kitchen is unable to cope with the demand. The new garden is fantastic but on a very busy Sunday the service was slow (long wait for food) and when it came out it was under-whelming to put it mildly. Roast (for £16) was lukewarm, congealed gravy and generally extremely mediocre - had to ask for extra roast potatoes as they were very stingy. Chips were over-fried and greasy and my daughter's meal came out ten minutes after everyone else's. The waitress was lovely and very understanding and did take off a round of drinks but I definitely will just stick to drinking there from now on and find somewhere else to eat. 
A disappointing lunch with forgotten food, slow service and a broken coffee machine. Not up to their usual high standard 
Great location near Windsor 
Not nice at all, food in Sainsbury's tastes similar. Look elsewhere, not worth it here. Poorly organised restaurant too and food takes ages. 
Whilst the pub garden has been redesigned and brightened up, the food was disappointing. 
Hadn’t been here for several months and was immediately struck by how empty the place was. Previously, at lunchtime it was heaving with customers, we went expecting to have difficulty in finding a table but we could take our pick.  
Not a good experience. I tried this place for Sunday lunch back in April and was not hugely impressed.The food was OK, no more, and the service slow. I didn't review then since I felt that this might have been a one off and I was prepared to give them the benefit of the doubt. I returned in September to give them a second chance, which they failed miserably. Booked for lunch at 12.30. Got there 5 minutes early. Waited 10 minutes to be served at the bar. Finally got our drinks and sat down and only then were we told that it was a 40 minute wait for food (why? at 12.45 and not overly busy). Food actually took over an hour, with no apology, explanation or update in between. Roast beef was dry as a bone and over cooked (or had been waiting for service maybe). Other mains were uninspiring.No waitress service offered for drinks, so during the long wait for the food we were constantly having to queue up again and again with others at the bar. 
I'd love to like this place: it's a pleasant walk from where we live and it's an attractive setting: feels like an old-fashioned pub. However, yet again the kitchen got our order wrong: two orders arrived first, then there was a delay for the other two and one of these was wrong, which meant the fourth person ate her meal when the other three had finished theirs. This has happened before and I feel sorry for the waiting staff who tried to sort it and did reduce the bill without being asked. However, it is clear the kitchen can't cope when the restaurant is busy and the food is just not good enough to compensate for that. Last time we go there until we hear it's improved. 
Really enjoyed my visit to see Shakespeare in the Garden a couple of months ago- terrific atmosphere and the barbeque looked good although we didn't eat. Brought a friend for lunch yesterday and was dismayed to find that there were no bar snacks and the food seemed unreasonably pricey. We stayed as my friend has problems walking and at least I was able to park close by. The food, when it came, was really disappointing. and definitely not worth the price. My friend's fish seemed to have come out of the freezer and just been heated in the microwave- she would have got a much better deal at the local chippy. My soup was okay, but nothing special and also very overpriced. I would come for a drink but won't be eating here again. 
The food is very good and the reason why we've been coming back despite the long waiting times (up to an hour). Also, always check the bill, because at least on one occasion several items ended up on our bill which we neither ordered, nor were the staff even able to tell us what they were... 
A quick call to the pub to check what Sunday roasts were left and we were delighted, that all were available. Just bad timing I guess that the chicken ran out as we got there. 
Nice bar, but to call it a wine bar and they don't even sell a single variety of Chardonnay isn't good enough. See photo of wine selection. Otherwise would have given it higher rating. nice sofa as well. 
A generic product but can provide a basic cup of coffee whilst the electric car charges. Car charger takes contactless cards but won’t work with all models. 
I have been going to the Duke of Kent for many years as it is local to me. My last 2 trips the food was poor, cold, felt like it was old food reheated. The first poorer experience I put to a bad day but when I went back again with friends it was worse. The chef needs to be changed to get back to the standard it was which I would have put as 'good' - last year 
We were shown into an empty restaurant and told to sit anywhere. There was a dreadful smell of damp! Three other customers arrived, they were seated, given menus, drinks brought and orders taken, all before us! We left. Just dont bother 
Been here few many times for drinks , a good selection food??? Very little choice  
We went for a family birthday meal to this restaurant which had previously never disappointed. The service was very slow by a rather surly waitress. The children's meal of macroni cheese smelled good but left an unpleasant after taste. It was replaced by a satisfactory plate of sausage and chips, but the pudding requested never appeared. To be fair, this meal was not charged for. My expensive steak was full of gristle, tough and not properly cooked. Most of the other meals were satisfactory. I would hesitate to go there again. 
There was 3 of us and baby coming for dinner, it did look really busy, so we then got told that it be up to an hour wait to be able to sit in the restaurant and if we wanted to wait that was fine or we could sit in the bar area but we would have to go to the bar and order our drinks and food ourselves, so we said that’s cool, so the man gave us menus and was like if you want to take a seat and I get someone for you, but there was no where for us to sit has all the tables in the bar area had got all plates and glasses on them where they haven’t Been cleared so I had to go back to the man and ask him can you wipe a table please so we can sit at one, he said yes he get someone then he went complete different direction and seated other people. Still no1 cleared a table for us so I asked another lady if she can clear a table so we can sit at one she yeah that’s fine, she cleared and wiped it down but left all the other tables that had plates bowels and glasses on them. We went to the bar to order our food and drinks. The food came but with no knifes or forks so I ask the lady can we have some cutlery please and her response was there at the end of the bar but if we was told this before hand we would of got them, so went to the end of the bar there is no cutlery so I ask another woman if we could have some she had to go to the kitchen to get me some. Food was ok not the best me and my sister had to change our chips because they were still hard like they weren't cooked long enough. We didn’t even get no one come to our table to ask us was if everything was ok or would we like anything else not even ask if we wanted any salt and pepper until I ask myself. My mum fish batter was soggy. Then has other people were walking in they was getting a table straight away but we got told a table was going to be an hour??? Was quite disappointing has we was always coming in here because the food was good but don’t think we be coming back in a very long time. 
We live very nearby and used to visit nearly every week, midweek. It was the perfect location for us as food was tasty with plenty of voice for me as a vegetarian, service excellent and their tastecard offer made the food very reasonable. Then suddenly everything changed: new menu introduced overnight with few veggie options, and tastecard no longer accepted. A real shame, and we miss our visits but this place just doesn't work for us anymore sadly. 
We visited last week for a quick drink and decided th have a bowl of chips. Wish we hadn't bothered. Now we are both very seasoned travellers but have never seen such miserable chips before.A few blackened chips in a mug! My husband called them shrapnel . Any reputable cook should never send a portion of chops like that to guests. 
first time attending an event at Palmer arms, when purchasing tickets was told there would be food and reserved tables on this occasion as the year before was manic. when arriving one of the workers said we only need the ticket for food... this means anyone of the public not purchasing an £11 ticket can watch the fire work display too. when we got inside... there was no reserved tables .... we had numbers on our tickets which we was told are the number of our tables on the night, as you can see the information sold on this night was very miss leading and disappointing as i have heard great things from friends of the food and service here. in the end we manged to find a cold wet unreserved seat outside. the food served was a poor choice. and seems to be completely off to there actual food pub menu. which is very odd. as the food severed was like a buffet style outside everything was completely cold. i was expecting a set menu with a couple of dishes you could chose from or  
The Kent is my 'when in Ealing' local, grew up in Ealing, love Ealing... but guys this is not the West-end!  
Poor food - Christmas dinner was potatoes cooked the day before, turkey roll, hardly any veg. New inn in South Ealing road a much nicer environment and bar far better food. 
Had drinks with friends then ordered some nibbles, waiter bought them and frankly just dumped them on the table (Calamari, Fries and Bread with oil and balsamic), we had to ask for plates (which another member of staff had to finally bring), we had to ask for serviettes too, this was quite a let down compared to previous visits. The waiter was an older chap with a balding head and really seemed as if he did not want to be there! 
We were in Eton and saw the attractive facade of the pub/grill/hotel. 
To have no Gluten Free options on the menu in 2018 with all of the publicity around allergen awareness is unacceptable. To have to troll through an A4 folder to try and pick something out to eat is ridiculous. 
On the plus side the service was friendly; the salad was well stocked & fresh; and the whole meal (mains, desserts, and drinks) was cheap at under £60 for 4. However all the mains were overcooked (dry chicken, rubbery ribs) and the restaurant itself is looking very tired (& not particularly clean). Wouldn't rush back. 
We went to the harvester for my mum brithday meal any thinks went wrong but the nices men call mirel fixs it for us and made sure we all happy ask if we was ok and the end of the night give him a tip all his hard work thank you so much mirel for turn it around for us we all not going back to the harvester again 
No scampi 
We visited this place in the evening and it was quite busy. We wasn’t waiting long for a service and we also got our food pretty fast but we got very disappointed by the quality and taste of it. Meanwhile we could take some salads from a salad bar. At first we got nachos starter with very little amount of cheese and sauces which were definitely without any taste. Later we got main meals which seemed to be made on an old oil what made our fries and halloumi taste bad. Also we got a very wet burger which I was not even able to grab. When we asked for the bill we were waiting for it longer than for our food.  
First and last visit. Frosty reception. Luke warm tea and coffee. 
Have eaten here on a number of occasions, having always made the point of giving this restaurant a number of chances. On first impression the menu is pretty appealing. Expensive for what it is but assuming the quality lives up to the description then you think fair enough. However sadly that is not the case. While the food is nice, it is very slow to arrive and often comes in dribs and drabs. The major weakness however is the service of the bar and serving staff. It doesn't seem that they have been properly trained in any way and are quite frankly rude and neither welcoming nor attentive. With a bit of effort I'm sure this could be nice however after too many bad experiences here, especially with the staff I would look elsewhere as there is plenty of choice in the area. 
I love Pub lunches: the improvements in choice and quality, has, over the years, in general, been amazing. The poor old Duke of Kent got a little left behind. We wondered around like lost souls for 15 mins looking for someone to point us to our (booked) table. The tables were so close together it was impossible to get into our table without disturbing a number of people. 
This is one of my two locals and for the 3rd consecutive year, my dance class has come here for our Christmas party. An error in booking led to us being accommodated in the smaller private room and not the larger room originally booked. We had hoped to have some music at our gathering but this is not, apparently, allowed in the smaller room . Fair enough. Our teacher, who had organized the party, offered to lower the music considerably but this offer was refused in a shockingly rude and patronizing fashion by Del, the manager. This could be a fine pub with big but still cosily attractive rooms, an appealing menu and large gardens but the rudeness of one employee spoiled a party. We won't be back which seems a shame, given that our previous Christmas parties here had been enjoyable. 
Went here for Xmas lunch. Booked well in advance. Good points: service, facilities, beer and generous servings. Bad points: several isolated tables located in public bar area adjacent to noisy customers including children and dogs. Crammed in. Won't be eating here again! 
We phoned up very shortly before visiting at which point we were told they were running short on roasts. However, when we got there they had run out of fish and chips completely and had only one salmon left, which didn't leave us (pescatarians) with much choice. In fact, there wasn't a single main that I could eat. They really were not apologetic about it. 
Stopped here for lunch, arriving at 12, with my partner and our 2 sons.  
Having booked a table prior to our visit, when we arrived there was nothing ready for us. The waitress didn’t even bother to look at us in the face and was extremely rude to all us. It seemed like she didn’t want us to be there. We all sensed the bad atmosphere, almost felt discriminated against.  
Our seats were patched with duct tape. The music is for adolescents. Yet .... the tides of diners flow like ebb and flood. There is the "Famous Salad Bar"; where the claim comes from is a mystery. I had ribs, good. My companions had chicken, good. Go here for good food value, not for ambiance. 
Half empty. Stood at the door for some time without even being acknowledged, despite staff walking past regularly. 
Came here for a Sunday roast dinner.  
Booked a table for four and were seated next to an empty table that wasn’t cleared if of dirty plates fir over half an hour. Staff kept stepping over food and dirty napkins on the floor rather than picking them up so in the end I did it myself. The food itself was lovely but two of the four meals we received were wrong. We got triple chicken instead of chicken and ribs and kids chicken breast instead of chicken strips. The side order of veg sticks on the kids meal consisted of one extremely thin slice of cucumber and a few carrots that were way past their sell by date. 
I visited Langley Harvester on Tuesday Lunchtime and I only ate a very small amount of my meal. It tasted very bland and under cooked. My companion had ordered something entirely different to me and their meal was the same. The couple sitting on the table next to us left most of their meal also. Very poor quality food. Won't be eating there again!! 
We booked a table for four and were seated at the farthest table in the restaurant, and that's not a complaint at all, but what is a complaint is that this meant we would have to walk the entire length of the restaurant to get to and from our table and the amount of pushchairs & buggies that are blocking the way to and from the table, along with people seated in aisles that are meant to be walkways is without doubt a hazard for both customers and staff (carrying hot food and drinks!!) This needs to be addressed immediately and with some degree of urgency. I've also noticed over time how the portions are becoming smaller and the wording on the menus prove to be somewhat ambiguous, what is described as a "chicken breast" turned out to be a piece of flattened chicken that had no resemblance to a chicken breast whatsoever, the measly amount of salad, 7 leaves of rocket & baby leaf/endive and rice that seemed to be rationed along with some miniature gravy boat containing a mixture of peas and liquid. We had an attentive waiter who done his best to get us to order more food but neglected to supply the right amount of cutlery for our table and If it were not for the salad cart we would still be hungry after eating dinner. BTW, do you think you could make the rolls any smaller? 
Went here on a Friday evening, staying locally prior to flight from Heathrow. on arrival sat at a table in a quite grubby looking restraunt. Start with positive included salad bar was ok, little bit messy but probably customers fault. Free refills on fountain drinks is bonus. Ice machine was broken and when I went for second drink machine had run out. So food,son got burger, chips and onion rings. He thought it was ok but only ate one onion ring as they were cold. Wife got scampi and said that it was nice but didn't eat the chips. I got classic combo and let me assure you there was nothing classic. Chicken was tiny and look warm, 'famous' gravy was also look warm but the highlight was the half (quarter) rack of ribs. They were cold, stone cold. I informed a member of staff and she asked me what I wanted her to do. I said I wanted hot ribs. She went and got a salad bowl and asked me to scoop them into that. Within 5 minutes the same ribs returned with a little bit more heat and a little more sauce. Appalling, no apology at all. I would certainly not be back. 
I have eaten here on many occasions, but will not be doing so again. The beer is generally good and the service usually friendly.  
I went to this pub after a friend's recommendation. We went there on a bank holiday and it was also a nice day, the pub has a huge outdoor garden at the back with lots of tables. 
Having searched for a place for a beer prior to watching Hanwell Town this was a such over priced place for beer and food. I was astonished that 4 beers came to well over £16, how can this be justified in a Fullers pub. Having asked and looked at the menu we decided not to as these prices for a Burger was £11 with some additions. I would not recommend for the average person who wishes value for money. Perhaps Fullers need to look into their profits and put the customer first as opposed to making a fortune at others expense. Would not recommend 
Booked a table for 6 adults, 2 high chairs and extra seat for baby car seat 2 days prior to booking. Arrived and told table only booked for 6 people and the larger table was booked today for 9 people at the same time!! (On my reckoning we were a party of nine) Given a table which barely fitted all of us. After pointing out there were 9 of us the Manager (!?) apologised but nothing he could do, then by chance he offered us another table which was far roomier than originally offered. However the large round table I had booked 2 days previous was then empty until we left!!!  
So many times I have been in here and they have run out of this, or run out of that. 
Used to be great but place is run down food and service gone down hill would not be going back with family food was cold and service slow  
we visit this restaurant regular, and the food is really good...but the service is really poor, we have noticed this everytime, but thought oh maybe they are just short staffed but no absolute terrible service and never friendly, tonight yet again good food but the worst service the staff have no time for the customers at all, and then expect a 10% tip well they just do not deserve it...just rude 
I visited today with my 18 month old son for breakfast.  
Service poor- waited 8 mins for anyone to acknowledge us and then show us to our pre booked seats. Waited another 12 mins for a menu. Food ok, but lacking the ‘intense’ Thai flavour I was craving after days of traditional Christmas food, plus my coconut rice was burnt (the scrapings from the bottom of a rice cooker). Hugely disappointed by the dirty walls in this restaurant with lots of food spillages and splashes- yuck. Put me off my food!  
Having won a voucher we booked a table for Sunday night. Food was poor and cold service was slow and had to kept going to bar to get drinks. The person who served us wasn’t friendly wouldn’t return  
I live in the area for more then twenty years. This is my local pub and I used to pop in for pint from time to time. After last refurbishment new management tried to convert this pub to more exclusive dining place rather then pub it use to be. Drinking space has been reduced to a few areas only. Garden, and among others - former WC's with tiny little windows converted to drinking area. It wasn't really pleasant autumn or winter experience. During week time Duke of Kent always only rely on locals only treating this place as a pub not a restaurant, so with time this arrangement had to adopt. Weekends however locals like me, who came to have drink only are still treated as a second class customers. This evening, on Saturday I had a pint in the garden. After half an hour I was chased away because it appeared garden has been hired for some sort theatrical entertainment. I felt humiliated as it was no notice or previous information related whatsoever. Lesson to learn: - spend your money wherever you are welcome only.  
If you are using your tastecard, you will receive special tastecard portions. Do not bother coming here. 
Ate twice here ,food is good but 45mins first then 1 hour second time waiting for it to arrive ,too long to have kids waiting .1st night was busy so we have benefit of doubt 2nd night pretty quiet & food took longer . No special orders just normal menu stuff . Kids were starving....Won't be going back.sorry. 
Group of 9, haphazard service, hour plus wait for main course. Personally disappointed with service and price.  
The pub itself is nice, and the range of drinks and beers good. Wasn't impressed with the Sunday lunch though, tasteless veg, non crispy roast spuds and small portions for the money. 
This place has all the ingredients to be a fantastic pub- huge garden, interesting layout, tons of space, real fire. a variety of ales and beers the list goes on. After coming here the first time, i decided that the below average food and slow service was probably a one off and so have come back twice since as i live just up the road. It turns out however that the management at this place have no idea of how to run a pub or restaurant and that the problems here are not just a one off. After hearing somebody else complaining about the slow service whilst at the bar i saw for myself how out of control things had gotten when i got outside. Kids running riot everywhere and more or less every table had yet to be cleared. Drank our pints surrounded by dirty plates and beer flies without seeing one member of staff even come outside. Wouldn't have minded so much if it was exceptionally busy but it wasn't. Head down the road to the village inn which is neither a playground, kennel nor waste tip. 
Went for a book club Christmas dinner. Had pre ordered from the menu weeks in advance.They rang our co ordinator to say the computer had lost the order - luckily she had a record. Kindly they said there would be a bottle of Prosecco to compensate for the inconvenience. So far so good. The starter arrived and was presented well - carpaccio of venison, ravioli and mushroom soup all excellent. Had to wait quite some time for the mains, The turkey dinner arrived with the slab of turkey and some roast potatoes swimming in a red wine gravy which was overpowering,The veg served separately were a disaster - broccoli and sprouts rock hard undercooked and the carrots al dente just!!! When we mentioned this to the waitress who cleared she did not acknowledge the complaint, When we again mentioned it to the party planner she said no one had told her and was apologetic and again gave us free bottle of prosecco as compensation and complimentary tea and coffee. However we would have preferred to have an edible dinner and pay for it. Will not be in a hurry to return. Toilets are a real trek away - could do with more for the size of pub. Generally the staff are helpful. 
Been here couple of times for lunch and dinner.Was never happy with service.I do like some other branches of harvester compared to this one. 
My friends and I visited today for lunch. The service was very slow which we couldn't understand as the place wasn't as full as it normally is. We have never waited the 45 minutes we did today to be served our food. The staff were inattentive as we had to ask to have our menu choices taken, ask for the pudding menu and ask to pay the bill (on this occasion the young man was looking at his iphone). The temperature was cold as a result of the heating not being switched on. Despite the food being excellent it was not a happy experience and we will not return.  
Went to have dinner on Thursday evening. Went for the festive menu however they did not give this to us which I thought was odd. Two course for £12.99 seemed like a great bargain. We have a turkey roast dinner and the turkey bap. The roast dinner - veg really sweet and definitely frozen, sausage raw, really not great. Turkey bap - bap itself was ok, as were chips but the corn was cold when I got it and was too scared to each the sausage as didn't looked cooked either. The cheese cake was really nice and the Christmas pudding ok. I have been told my others this place has been nice for the normal menu, which is what I will try the next time. The staff are really nice and cheese cake was good so below average but could be much better 
This place is only good for a cheap meal. There is an atmosphere of menace in the air at all times, mainly due to some of the less desirable punters that seem to eat here (no, tracksuit bottoms are not suitable restaurant attire). 
I thought, I would be adventurous and give this public house a try! Now I wish I had stayed in and not bothered! If you don't mind waiting 10 minutes to be served a drink, or getting into confrontation with the bar staff, because you express your annoyance at the fact they walk past you and go and serve someone else, who was behind you, if you go by the order of first come first served, like myself. Then this isn't the pub for you. Yes I still believe in this system, I guess they don't at this pub, so I wont be going again. I can't rate the food because the staff and service put me off spending any more money in this establishment. 
Food was cold, made to feel like we wasnt good enough to be in there, person serving behind the bar was relly rude aswell, definitely wont be going back 
Service was the best thing about this place food was awfull had steak not cooked correctly barely warm food beer served in dirty glass not returning anytime soon 
This used to be (and still is, technically) our local, and we were looking forward to the re-opening following the re-furbishment. The first visit (a week or so after the re-opening) was promising, but as time has gone on, it has really dived. It is family orientated in every area of the pub, and seems to be trying to be a gastropub, to the point that it is quite a difficult place to just enjoy a beer in. The staff do the bare minimum possible, and neither look like they are enjoying their jobs nor like they have received sufficient training. The food has also gone downhill, and selection of draught has diminished. Really disappointed as this used to be such a great pub and we have all but stopped going. 
The setting and location of the pub as well as the decor is great however the quality & quantity of the food compared to the price charged did not match.  
We visited the newly refurbished Duke of Kent yesterday for a celebration lunch, hopeful that much had improved since its closure for refurbishment. Clearly the Kent had overbooked, or at least had insufficient waitressing staff to cope with the number of covers. Two of our party had the squid, prawn and mango salad to start. The presentation was good but the salad was not properly dressed and the flavours did not pull together. Simply it did not deliver for a starter at over £7.00 a head. Dipping bread was good so no complaints there. However, we had to ask several times for the plates to be cleared - no one at all bothered - we asked at least 4 times when our main meal would arrive - Sunday roast so should not have been too much of a problem. Told there was an hour wait! A table behind us said this was the third time this had happened to them! When the food did arrive, it was fair but not exceptional. We asked 3 times for serving spoons for the vegetables before we again had to leave the table and go and find waitressing staff. A large party arrived after us and were seated on the adjoining table. It was very cramped one end and we all had to keep moving to accommodate the other. By the time we left they had received none of their food. Children were screaming and crying - there was an air of indifference and tension. No attempt was made to address a very simple situation - the Kent had customers who were not happy! 
I have been coming here for several weeks a year for the past 5 plus years. A few years ago the food was fantastic for the money, the waitresses were fantastic and very hard working and I loved my visits. The place was always very busy. 
This is a huge pub and restaurant which has recently been refurbished. I visited with a group of friends, the restaurant was huge and very comfortable, but I was very disappointed with the food. My first course (squid, prawn and mango salad) was okay, but really tiny and as a previous reviewer has said a strange and not entirely happy juxtaposition of ingredients and my main course (allegedly a salad nicoise) was grim. Imagine a bowl of cold boiled potatoes with a couple of boiled quails eggs and a slab of overcooked tuna and you'll be getting the picture - nasty. Its the closest i have ever come to sending a meal back in a restaurant. My companions were slightly happier with their food, but it came in relays with long gaps between. The vege burger was huge and came as is now increasingly popular in restaurants on a plank - I will be really pleased when this particular restaurant trend ends. Our side order of chips were welcome, given that most of my salad was inedible, but also subject to whimsical presentation - this time in a mini galvanised bucket wrapped in pretend news paper (my how we laughed). We were puzzled as to why chips served with meals were the stringy variety and the ones served as a side order were the fat ones - not a complaint just an observation. The wine was according to my companions, great (they were the designated drunks for the evening - while I was the driver!). One final observation - if they paid more attention to the quality and service of the food, and less to whimsical plating and presentation ideas this would be a very much better restaurant. 
We ate at this place on Friday, 3rd May. Whilst the place has had an upgrade, its bar area was not clean and tidy. It was not very well maintained at all as we had to ask for it to be wiped down before leaning on the counter. My partner ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the halloumi and bellini's. His chips were not triple cooked as stated, they were if anything only half cooked as some of the chips were not even cooked through. When we complained the staff ordered some more, but sadly they were still definitely not triple cooked. They were limp and not very nice at all. My halloumi and bellini meal was like eating cardboard....we have eating here twice before and were very disappointed and will definitely not be eating there again.  
We used to love this place and could rely on good service, great food and atmosphere. This time however was a real let down. The staff sat us in one of the tables behind the bar area and then seemed to forget we would like drinks, food, our bill. The wait to be served even though we asked twice was painful and a manager floating around the floor who we asked for service instead of addressing it prolonged it by going to get another member of staff to serve us. Then we went to the bar as having asked for the bill it seemed beyond ridiculous once given it on the way from bathroom to table to sit and wait beyond fifteen minutes. The food was ok, arrived hot etc but the choice used to be so much better! I wouldn't visit again!  
I paid over £10.00 for a 'Greek Salad' on the mains menu. the meal was made up of 5 small pickled onions, 5 small gherkins, humous, olives, sundried tomato and instead of flat bread as mentioned on the menu, 3 pieces of stale bread - no salad - and I do not understand how pickled onions, gherkins and sundried tomato is Greek. How this meal is associated with Greek salad is a mystery. 
We have been here before for food and it's been very good however, the food this time was poor. 
Having visited previously it was not as good as it used to be. It was all very greasy and the ham was grisly. The creme brûlée was really thick and heavy. The choice of desserts were all very stodgy except the ice cream! 
I never expect too much from a Harvester but this is, as they go, one of the worst. The waiting staff are pleasant if not particularly competent but the food is just so poor. A medium steak that looked as if it had been cooked over a high heat for 30 minutes. A burger that tasted like an Asda Value burger. Pay extra for chilli seasoned fries which turn out to be the ordinary fries with a light sprinkling of peri-peri salt. Stale bread, both at the salad bar and with the burger. Dirty floors, dirty walls, sticky tables and toilets from the 1980s. Very noisy, possibly just bad acoustics.  
Came here while we where on holiday. Glad it not my local, The toilet where dirty, kids where throwing ice everywhere, over people and on the floor, The staff where friendly and helpful but they where short staff and we waited a long time for food. my jacket potato was not cook well but did not speak to anyone because I ended up leaving with my 9 month old tired baby and my husband stay with our 4 year old.  
Two weeks earlier we had a great breakfast meeting here. 
We visited this restauraunt 2 days in a row while staying in a nearby hotel. 
i had heard very good things about this restaraunt prior to my visit but sadly i left feeling very dissapointed, my mother had an omellette which she said was fine but nothing special whilst i had a chicken burger with cheese, when i recieved my order i found that i had a very large bun with a very small, very cheap looking burger with 2 slices of unmelted cheese on it..two bites was enough to convince me of my mistake! suffice to say i will not be returning. 
I decided to come here for a pre-work meal while I was in Maidenhead as I was in the mood for pub food and, having not visited here before, I wanted to try somewhere new. Located approximately four miles outside of the town centre in the village of Dorney, this place was definitely not worth the trip as I was met with nothing but disappointment. At best the food here was average, but a lot of it was worse as it either lacked flavour or wasn't prepared correctly. Given that this pub seems to be more for eating than it is drinking, this was not good at all. The prices are mostly average for gastropub meals here, although they do charge more than average for some dishes. Based on my order, I didn't see anything to justify this. The service isn't the best here either as the staff are slow to take orders and the food arrives so quickly out of the kitchen that I doubt it is cooked to order. Furthermore, while the staff ask how the food was, they don't care if there is a problem, which makes telling them anything rather pointless. 
We were travelling to the O2 and decided to detour using Sat Nav and try a Harvester as we had heard good reports but never tried one. We finally found one. It was busy and we were given what was a pager as it was very busy. When the pager goes that means a table is free, we were advised about 20 mins wait which seemed fine so we sat outside with a drink 20 mins came and went, 30 mins, 40 mins. Eventually we got the beeps and in we went. We were just about to sit down at a table when another family was given it instead so back outside we went again. Ten minutess later we get another beep and with an apology we are shown to a table. So we sit and look over the menu and wait, and wait and wait. Eventually after several requests for service we decide to attack the salad bar and grab a few rolls while we wait. After 30 mins and telling a member of staff three times we were on a schedule we finally got our order taken. Another 25 minutes pass and we note that several people have ordered and received their food well before us. In fact some had eaten and finished! I was not amused to discover that my chosen chicken meal wasn't available and I ended up having a burger instead. The waitress was a lovely lady but you could tell that her and the other staff were being over worked. This was a weekend for goodness sake why were there not more staff on??? I kid you not we were waiting over an hour and a half from walking in to actually receiving our order! Were they serving locals or regulars first? The only reason we did not leave was because everyone was hungry and we prayed that we would soon get served. The cost of the food was more than I expected for the public Inn kind of place - Eaten sooner and better at Toby and Crown. Everyone seemed harassed and I felt guilty asking when we would be served, how long would the food be. When we were asked if we wanted deserts after I didn't know weather to laugh or cry!! I could not take the chance of sweets taking another hour to appear. In short - Pretty place, stressed staff, long wait, average food, not particularly good value. We will do toby next time. 
Ate here for lunch in May 2016. Food to be fair was not too bad. However the staff were poorly turned out. Our server, whilst pleasent enough, was dressed in a pair of black trainers with laces undone. Another member of staff seemed more concerned in discussing her personal life than doing any work. And the toilets (gents) were awful. Stank of urine and damp. I see this was noted in another recent review which management have commented on, therefore presumably the company do not intend on rectifying this issue. 
I love the general feel of pubs in the Antic group - they tend to favour the original shabby without much chic, but it works. Have lunched in The Railway Tavern a few times and although not the best of the Antic pubs it has still been decent. Sunday lunch recently, however, did not hit the spot. Possibly my own fault for not checking the menu more carefully before ordering. Organic roast chicken and the trimmings. I expected chicken breast or sliced chicken - maybe my expectation set this up to be a wrong 'un as the menu didn't actually say that when I later double checked it. The chicken turned out to be a drumstick and the bony end of the breast joint with a wing. The most meat to be found was on the drumstick. Two small roast potatoes, a Yorkshire pudding, a few carrots and some broccoli, very thin gravy. And very tepid. Not hot, definitely off cold. Back it went to be replaced with the same but hotter. A real disappointment. Certainly not the best Antic food I've experienced. 
Terrible service on this visit, all the wrong starters were delivered and service was virtually non existent. It was busy but poor service ruined the experience and what should have been a great night out at Christmas. Food was fine. 
Used to serve the best burger in Bromley. Food menu has been reduced just as food quality has decreased - nice touches are still to be found (great tomato salsa), but their signature burger has gone from amazing to underseasoned and tough; mediocre at best. And I say that after several which confirmed the trend. What a pity as the food was great when the pub reopened last year.  
This is a lovely pub to have a drink in, there is a beer garden, good range of wines available and lots going on but... 
After a wonderful walk by the Thames and on our way back to Dorney Court we popped into the Palmer Arms for a drink. The pub was nicely busy and as the sun was shining we sat outside in their rear garden. The outside eating area is well designed but the condition of the wooden tables are very poor.  
We hadn’t been to Wildwood for over 6 months so thought we’d go on Sunday evening. Afraid to say it wasn’t as good as last time. Chicken was very over cooked and dry and the fish cakes were swimming in a bowl of cheese sauce. Staff didn’t seem very happy to be there. Won’t be going again for a long time. 
I went there to meet friends for drinks, (not my choice). I hadn't had dinner so I chose one of the cheapest thing on the menu, a cheeseburger at £11.65. When it arrived, I was surprised to see that it was a single burger. I would have expected a double burger at that price. I also expected quite a few chunky chips, what a got was a small portion of fries and sliced gherkin. The burger was dry and so was the bun. I had a better burger in MacDonald's a few days before. With a soda and lime, the bill came to £13.60 !!!  
After enjoying a dayout at Legoland and wanting to give our children something different for dinner than eating in overpriced eateries within the park and armed with a family of 4 eats for £30 voucher we decided to head to a Harvester en-route to the M4 in Slough. 
Since my last visit gone upmarket and increased prices trying to be upmarket restaurant will not be visiting in the near future  
Quite disappointed with this place. Although staff were very friendly. Food very tasteless and boring. Wouldn’t visit again. 
Went for a meal before flying from Heathrow. We both had steak medium done. It came out rare so we sent it back which wasn't much better and they didn't keep the veg hot while they recooked the steak. The steak was so tough and gristly that nearly half of it was unedible. Asked to speak to the manager who apparently was too busy to speak to us but sent the poor waitress to apologise. He did take the steaks off the bill however wow!!!!!! 
Had work xmas meal last week. Starters and desert were nice but main was poor. Turkey was dry, potato's were under cooked and it was smothered with gravy. Portions were small and was not a traditional xmas dinner. Biggest problem was how long we had to wait between starters and main. They were not overly busy so couldn't work out why they were so slow. 
My husband and I have been to this restaurant several times and have enjoyed our visits until recently. We went last week for lunch and did not enjoy it as it was full of fruit flies which was very off putting when they were flying around and perched on the wood above our table. The manager was fully aware of the problem and said they were calling in pest control. Had we been told of this problem before ordering our food we would never have eaten in there. Why don't they close the restaurant until they eradicate the fly problem, it's disgusting to expect people to eat in that condition. 
Air conditioning broken so very hot. Food never a wow factor but ok. Waitress not the most friendly tbh a 5 out of 10 
Have been to this restaurant many times, and it's always been good food with good service. after last Sunday's experience I won't be going back. The steak was so over cooked I could have worn in on the sole of my shoe, but far more offensive was the attitude of the two female waitresses - hostile doesn't describe them, to the point of being laughable. Didn't complain about the food, as it wasn't that important, but after getting our drinks order wrong three times, and acting like it was our fault and she was doing us a favour by bringing the drinks to our table it became offensive. Their customer service was awful ....... 
Four of us ate at Wildwood. Starters were ok but no sign of hazelnuts on the baked Brie as advertised. The mains came up in stages so we didn't eat at the same time. Mine was just above warm but I would have been eating alone if I'd sent it back at that stage! Manager very apologetic but there are clearly problems with the kitchen coping when there is a crowd in. It was busy but not rammed. Really disappointed. 
On arrival we waited at least 10 minutes to be seated, staff just seemed to walk past us. Finally we were seated, most of the tables around us were dirty. The waitress finally took our order and we went to the salad bar, the salad looked tired and uninviting. Both of us decided to leave the salad and wait for mains. The main course and dessert was ok but generally the experience was dissapointing. 
We were part of a group of 18 people who were there for lunch on Wednesday 19th November. About half of us said the food was just ok, however those that had "Ham, Egg & Chips" all said the eggs were very hard and almost cold, I actually made a complaint about the eggs and the waitress said she would inform the Chef and get replacements. I timed the period it took for her to return at 22 minutes by which time I had long finished the rest of my meal, I told her to take them away. The group then discussed all the meals served that day and everyone said there was something wrong with the meals they had. The Chicken in the Chicken Pie was overcooked and those that had the Fish & Chips said the Fish was not up to the standard they expected and the mushy Peas were horrible. The Palmer Arms really needs a Chef who knows how to cook and cope with busy times, there is no excuse for bad food. Perhaps he should go on a course. 
Lovely location but use very cheap meat and frozen veg. The sprouts are tougher than I have ever eaten...shame they don't use fresh veg ang good meat! All in all disappointing. Very expensive for cheap meat and frozen veg!!! 
Visited our regular 'Harvester ' after the recent refurbishment....what a dissapointment. 
I have always enjoyed this pub, the service and the atmosphere, but unfortunately not on this occasion. 
Food was nice enough, good vegetarian options. Decor is nice. This could be a great Ealing pub to go to with friends, BUT the service ....... 
Disappointing lunch. Portions very small despite high price average £15. I ordered vegetarian option of squash spinach and tomato. It was tasty but cold and could have done with slice of garlic bread on side. My husbands fish was tiny with small swirl of cold mash and couple of cauliflower florets and my son had burger small small small and cold.  
i recommended this restaurant to business colleagues and friends and yesterday a friend placed an order and found the chicken in the dishes too hard and unedible so much so that they decided to have popcorn chicken and oven chips home made. they are too embarrased tp write the review and i was about to order something yesterday for a friend and glad i didnt. 
I went to the palmers last week, was fairly busy but service was great, food was lovely, big portions, not too much of a wait.. was really looking forward to going back so came back tonight. Was like a totally different place, not a very friendly welcome..staff didn't seem interested in providing any kind of service. Wasn't busy at all but still didn't receive table service, food came fairly quickly but was extremely disappointing. Is ordered ham egg & chips... The ham was ok not great very watery and the 3 times cooked chips were rock hard and horrible. Not to mention there was only 9 of them!!! Not 1 member of staff came to see if everything was ok and we got up to leave without the plates even being cleared from our table (we had been finished a good 15 minutes) as we were leaving I saw some kind of bug on the floor in the area between the bar and restaurant area... I looked closer to find it was what looked like a cockroach! Was mortified so will NOT be returning to the palmers... Shame as first visit was outstanding.  
Went here after a day in Legoland (14/7/15), greeting was good, was told there was a 20min wait for a table, but only waited 10. Went to the bar, service was awful, one bar person poured the first drink, to his colleague that he was meant to be on a break and walked off and the other bar person finished the drinks off 10mins later. Sat at our table, I don't know if it was because we had children with us, but our waitress didn't seem bothered. When my wife ordered her meal and asked the the BBQ sauce that was offered on the menu,mother waitress rudely cut her off mid sentence to tell her there was BBQ sauce on the table, my wife said she wanted the one off the menu, the waitress pointed at the BBQ on the table and said "there's one right there". So my wife asked for Jack Daniels sauce instead which was met with a huff and roll of eyes. Food arrived and was ok but not as good as the other Harvesters we've been to. The waitress never checked on us, offered more drinks, cleared plates or offered desserts.p, much more interested in flirting with the male contractors. So we decided to leave and found another waitress who was friendly. I explained what had happened, she apologised and I said it was a shame she hadn't served us. Next time I'm visiting the area, I'll make sure I avoid this place. 
The food was poor and the toilets were disgusting. The salad bar was basic and running low. My daughter had a kids meal, one of the three new potatoes was obviously rotten and hidden under the others. The other meals had very small portions of chips and were supposed to come with BBQ sauce, they didn't and all we had was the squeeze bottle on the table. All the meals and deserts were very poorly presented, my desert was served in what looked like a big cup and had ice cream and a chocolate brownie thing all covered in squirty cream with a cherry on top, this could have been easily put in a small plate to look better. The male toilets absolutely stank of urine and obviously hadn't been cleaned for a long time, they were also in poor repair with moldy pipes and tiles missing. However the most disgusting place was the disable/baby changing toilet, my wife went to change our baby son and found the floor was soaked, toilet full and filthy and sink full of vomit. When we left we saw an advert outside for a £9.99 meal deal, however I didn't see any mention of this on the menu or inside. The restaurant decor is tired, however this should not have affected our experience. I only picked this place as we were visiting Legoland and Harvesters are normally OK. It would have got one star but the staff were pleasant and service was swift even though it was quite busy. 
Went in for a drink on Wednesday night at 20:00 whilst waiting for a friend. One inexperienced member of staff at the bar, and delivering bottles from cellar. Counted 12 people waiting to be served - for a drink. Mine took 20 mins to get served. Don't go when busy, no tables. 
bar is always stacked out with empty glasses,one barperson ,with upto two dozen wiating to be served,not enough staff in eating areas,sometimes areas are not used as not enough staff to cover the tables,so you have to wait for a table to become free.the food is overpriced,not enough variety with the salad items.harvesters were a lot better a few years back,but i think cost cutting as seen them go down market.beer garden is also a mess wonky tables shabby grassed area,rubbish,skips piled high with beds,outside of building could do with lick of paint. 
Popped in for a quick drink after a meal elsewhere. Quick and efficient service which was great. Decided to sit outside and clearly the place had been busy earlier on but the tables and garden were a mess. Dirty cutlery, dishes, glasses etc were on every single table and in the hour that I spent there not one item had been tidied away. I braved the loos and wished I hadn't, not nice. No lock on 1 door and just not a pleasant experience full stop. Unfortunately due to the lack of care in keeping the place tidy I would not recommend a visit to this place. :(. Staff were friendly and welcoming though. 
I ate in Wildwood twice in December and unfortunately felt like to wasn't very good anymore. 
I have been to Wildwood on numerous occasions over the last few years and enjoyed the experience each time pretty much. 
My wife and I planned to have an evening meal at the Greene Oak in windsor this Easter Sunday but they closed At 5pm. Someone just leaving recommended the Palmer Arms as an alternative which we thought a good idea as it was recommended. 
Not being rude but the food is not good in wildwood the burger buns are not nice , only have mint ice cream to go with the fudge cake I wanted vannilla which was a let down, Staff are lovely though but the food lets the restaurant down. 
My husband had chicken pie with mash which he said was ok. I had ham egg and chips which is beyond me how you can mess it up! The eggs were well undercooked but they sorted it however, the ham had blue marks on it. When the waitress asked if everything was ok, I pointed out that I had put the ham aside as it had blue marks on it. She said "oh thats because of the print on the packaging" wrong answer! I then watched her skills on other customers but was not impressed. The point being that having been asked if my meal was ok and pointing out that it wasn't, and then doing nothing about it, this organisation deserves a negative posting. Over priced food, and poor quality, albeit the first waitress was polite, won't go again and we eat out a lot. 
We have visited The Palmer arms on several occasions and each time the quality has been different. On this occasion it was a Wednesday night, I ordered Pork chop and mash, the pork was over cooked, the mash was lumpy, my partner had Cajun chicken salad, again the chicken was over cooked. For the price I would expect better, I'm unsure why the quality varies on different nights, maybe a different chef? This is a great pub in a nice location, but due to the inconsistency of the food we will stick to having a drink here in future and save the food for somewhere else. 
Thought I give this place a go having never been. Lovely food... nice juicy flavour sum steaks.  
Watch out for the car park! It’s a tariff ‘euro car park’ and will sting you for £85 even if you go in and have lunch. Madness 
Came for a special lunch with family yesterday. I’m afraid I don’t understand how this place has 4.5 stars on tripadvisor, goes to show it isn’t always a helpful way to pick a restaurant. 
my son an his girlfriend took my daughter and I for a 5o clock dinner at wildwood Hornchurch . "Chaos "is the only word to describe it . We waited 25 minutes to get a drink and then our table was half an hour late ( an hour an 20 mins. For the people waiting when we left ) our waiter Marious was excellent , although clearly rushed off his feet . The overall experience was poor . They clearly took too many bookings and did not have enough staff ... Pure greed on their part . I feel sorry for the staff , obviously trying to do their best ...an taking all the flack ... VERY POOR MANGEMENT !!!! 
A sweet shop but much smaller than website pics appear. Food was quite nice but terrible service, plates weren’t cleared from the small table we were on after we’d finished for a long time, so I cleared them myself.  
7 of us went there for a family birthday it was busy but our booked table was on time.the waiter serving the drinks couldn't understand English at all. the food was nice but OMG the prices for the portions was a joke at £25 per head & hit with nearly £20 service charges ontop, I would never recommended this place  
Wouldn't return very rude waitress come here with a couple of friends was given a table right at the back in the corner of the restaurant next to two big tables having birthday meal/party would have been nice to be somewhere where we could actually here each other talk. we wasn't shown to our tables just told where to go. The waitress kept getting our order wrong gave us to many drinks we told her but we still had to pay for them when asking for the bill took longer then half hour we had to keep asking for it, then to get our change waited at least 20 minutes then when we asked her where it was she said it was on the bar definitely wouldn't return and wouldn't recommend although the food was very nice so is a shame really  
me and my fiancé dined here last week after we had a very good meal last year. 
As I live very close to it I used to go there quite alot. 
We just went for food with two four others and everything was rushed, including when he asked if we wanted desserts and said “there is actually on you and me in the restaurant now soooo” then we said we’d like to see it and then he said “well we normally close earlier since covid” so then he printed out the receipt and we paid whilst still 
I went to this Harvester on Tuesday, 18th August. Ordered 'The Pitmaster' from the Grill section. DO NOT I repeat DO NOT bother ordering this option. Even though it was a Eat Out To Help Out night. This option was no where near worth the price at £19.99. One of the more expensive options to select. Not only was the portion akin to a child portion the Mac & Cheese was poor and I felt embarrassed for a Harvester to have that at that price on their menu. Total rip off.. 
Staff pleasant, tables and menus sticky to touch. Chips were soggy !!! Ate food in about 20 mins and quickly left, should have gone to the Toby Carvery across the road !!!  
Visited this chip shop and ordered 2x cod and chips during one lunchtime. 
Awful, sticky, in need of a refurbishment and new chefs that can cook! Terrible over all. Salad bar was old food, chips looked and tasted as if they had been fried at least 3 times. We practically left our entire meals. Chicken was pink!! What a waste of time and money! 
I pre ordered online selecting a specific time and then got an email saying it would be ready in half an hour, not what I'd requested. I called and sorted this, although the staff weren't overly polite. I then turned up at the requested time and had to queue for 40 minutes to get in to collect my order, and it wasn't even ready. If they're going to offer pre ordering then they should have a separate queue for this, otherwise what's the point? I explained this and the staff member said that wouldn't be fair on everyone else, which I don't agree with as it should be a quick collection which is the whole point of ordering in advance. The numerous Uber Eats and Deliveroo drivers skipped the queue (causing the wait to be much longer) so what's the difference? The food was pleasant but the experience and lack of decent customer service put me off so I wont be returning. 
Have been here several times before and was. I’ve so decided to go back for my birthday with family. 6 out of 7 of us felt food was poor quality. 4 of us had the steak which was very gristly, mine in particular was most of it, I literally only had about six mouthfuls and 3/4 was gristle and flavour wasn’t good either for all of them, staff all looked miserable not one smile from any of them, walked around and served like robots, sorry to say will not be going back again! 
We ordered via Deliveroo, the delivery driver collected the order at around 6.45 pm and we didn’t receive it until 7.15 pm we probably live a 10-15 minute walk I think it would have been easier to have done that. The food was stone cold and we had to re-heat it all to get some warmth through it bearing in mind that driving from the restaurant to us would only be about 2 minutes. 
Nothing outstanding.pricey..had the afternoon tea set.staff were very friendly and helpful though.Tea was ok....had the russian lavender..and morrocan mint. Portions were small.really bite sized sandwiches..presentation was nothing to shout at.ambience,quiant. 
This was non existent. All squashed in and not one member of staff wearing protective face masks. I am a vulnerable pensioner and would never have gone there had I known why " break the rules"They are there to help your customers 
No social distancing at all, made me feel very edgy. We live in Devon and haven’t experienced anything like it, waiting staff unmasked, which is recommended, but not compulsory. Tables very close impossible to social distance. There was no clear marking for entrance and exit. Toilets open for all, no one in one out system. Only evidence of COVID was the hand sanitiser on entry.  
My boyfriend and I visited for dinner on Saturday evening, we booked a table and when we turned up they took us over to a table in the corner covered in bits of food. someone then came over to give it a wipe with a damp cloth. We waited twenty minutes to be brought our drinks, starters came shortly after - I had the homemade fish cakes which were bizarre, a really rubbery texture that I did not enjoy. We then waited over an hour for our main. I constantly tried to make eye contact with a waitress and even called out a couple of times but was ignored. After an hour and a half, where we had seen all the people who arrived after us having their meals served, I went over to ask about ours. The lady just looked at me and walked off. We asked for a couple more drinks while we waited for our food, again these took 15 mins and only seemed to arrive once another couple had ordered drinks which maybe prompted the waitress. So then our food arrives, the waitress comes over and just dumps the plates on our table without a word. I had ordered a red curry and when asked if I would like mild medium or spicy I chose spicy (which the waiter scoffed at) - there was not a hint of spice in this curry. The food was really bland which was so disappointing as we’d waited so long. Seriously don’t waste your time here - we were here for HOURS and not even for decent food. 
Visited approximately 6 months ago, really enjoyed the food, very tasty and good portion sizes. Revisited recently but unfortunately I did not have the same experience. Service was very slow, portion sizes seem to be smaller, and I didn't enjoy the meal as much as I did the first time round, I had exactly the same dishes on both visits. 
As a family pub its wonderful, the food is lovely, the decor is lovely, always kept clean. My concerns are, language and vulgarity of customers, the use of drug paraphernalia used on the premises, which I noticed inside/outside of the building, and drug paraphernalia being sold outside and marijuana being smoked, which i noticed when taking my family home. Didn't need to see that after consuming a lovely meal. Bar staff are lovely, management are lovely, just need to keep an eye out. 
Im sure we must have visited on a bad day. The drab surrounding, no talbe clothes and lack of atmosphere was a prelude of what was to follow. 
Picked up a take away tonight and it smelt fab. However, disappointed as although the flavours were spot on in terms of spice, both the dhansak and pathia were far too sweet - such a shame as otherwise was nice 
We were very disappointed with both the quality of the meal and the service. We thought it was almost all factory produced and re-heated food. We found it bland and uninteresting. Each item came separately, we ordered 3 starters for the two of us and when one was finished the next arrived. My partner's choice came last so she was sat waiting whilst I tucked into my selection. The same with the main course, we both ended up sharing her choice and mine when it arrived. Not very professional at all. We love Saki too but the price of it meant we had a beer each. This place won't survive.... 
Thought we would try this pub as it had been renovated and local,and to be fair has been done quite nicely, on arrival bright lighting no atmosphere, had run out of one of the most poplar spirits, shorts served in large glasses ugh, the food is not good, lights turned down about 9o/c music late in starting it is such a shame we need a decent pub/restaurant in Chingford and currently this is not it. On the plus side staff very nice and helpful but not very busy. 
Very poor service - waited nearly one hour for our order to be taken - social distancing non existent - sanitiser bottles empty - staff did not wear masks and I have been to several restaurants over the last few weeks and this is the only one where the staff did not wear masks - food very average - will not be returning 
Ok food and cute decor but took them an hour and a half to make scrambled eggs!! Ridiculous!! It was busy but not that busy- only come if you have lots of time on your hands. The waitress kept saying "in 5 minutes" which always turned out not to be the case. They offered no discount or apology for the delay and we're actually quite rude "well it is busy".... ummm ok! 
Very expensive for a cafeteria feel, not much atmosphere. Kobe wagyu steak arrived at the table frozen . Portions are tiny, especially vegetables. Not sure I’d rush back having spent £95 on two mains and three glasses wine.  
on entering the restaurant fell quite badly on a spillage which hadnt been cleared up the mains were tepid and felt it was expensive 
 Credit where its due my meatball starter was nice, I felt the main was average and possibly a bit overpriced for what you got, one meal was lost somewhere between waitress, kitchen then our table, even though it was just the chicken skewers it took 25mins or more to receive it by which time everyone else had finished. 
Visited Friday evening. Main was really good. Wine as expected on price but poor quality really did not enjoy Pinot changed to Sauvignon which was worse. Ordered a lemon cello tiramisu which was inedible. The manager asked for feedback, he sarcastically repeated the comments made as they were stated, we informed him his behaviour towards us was patronising and unacceptable. He then took the desert threw it with force into the bar area recanting our complaint loudly and aggressively to the other manager, we found this behaviour intimidating I actually would have left without paying anything I was so appalled however we did pay. I also doubt this behaviour would have been demonstrated had our partners been present! 
I am from Spain, presently in Loughton house sitting. 
We was recommended this pub due to just moving into the area and wanted a nice local friendly pub with good food. On first appearances the pub looked nice and friendly the decor was very nice inside but our experience of customer service was not very good . The Staff were busy talking to one another to notice us standing there waiting to be served. The food came out cold and had to be returned. The toilets looked like they had not been cleaned in a week. Overall we were very disappointed. 
I ordered a Bengal Pumpkin curry and it was far too sweet for my taste. However, this was nothing compared to my son who ordered a Chicken Korma - the taste was so sweet I would describe it as cloying. If super-sweet food is your thing then I guess this is for you, but I won't be repeating the experience 
I recently moved in Petts Wood with my partner, so few week ago we decided to try give it a try , upon our arrival the waiter asked if we had a Booking ( the restaurant was barely empty had 3 tables served plus our to be) we said they we did not had a booking, so we have been told that he will speak with the manager to see if they could find us a table ( ) we a dinner and so decided to book a table for Easter with a friend .  
The food is unexceptional, especially bearing in mind the price. 
I came here for a pint with friends having never been before. Two things struck me. Firstly the tables outside were crowded with uneaten food and dirty crockery for the entire time we sat outside. Secondly I had to ask for our glasses to be topped up as measures were short. Not great overall but beer ok. 
With positive family experience of this restaurant we decided to go for Boxing Day. Bad mistake. We were expected to fit 7 adults on a table just about large enough for 6. We were asked to wait for 30 mins until adjacent table became available and given a bottle of wine for the delay (but nothing allowed for the non-wine drinkers). The lobster croquettes in bisque had had the lobster omitted. A number of main courses arrived cold and had to be replaced. My poached pears tasted of sugar only. Coffee was cold by the time milk was made available.  
The King’s Arms is a warm, friendly pub where the staff are lovely and the food is impressive. My family and I are staying here for a night before my graduation, our room is clean and well-decorated; we have everything we need. 
Food was nice service was fast but only bad thing was the staff behind the bar. One of the woman embarrassed me in front of a queue of people saying the queue starts behind the man she was serving even though I was stood next to him. She made a point of it so much that people thought I was pushing in, she didn’t say thank you or please to me aswell. Bad customer service 
rang up to make a booking for 3.45 which is not usually a busy time so expected to get our food fairly quickly. how wrong could we be! starters for children and 2 others came out ok but then we all had to wait over an hour for our main courses which we had to chase up several times for. they didn’t have any of the festive choices except desserts and no mash either so couldn’t have fish pie or mash with the pie! my son was so hungry by the time the food came out he had indigestion so didn’t really enjoy it. it was such a shame as weve had good experiences before. it looks as though they need more kitchen staff as they were to slow in getting the food out.  
Earlier Today I visited this pub/restaurant on the off chance of finding a hidden gem in Ealing. Upon arrival I found the bar area to be cold and the manager to be very rude about possibly turning the fire on in the pub or even a heater. She seemed more interested in cutting up Halloween pumpkins and shouting at the staff rather than customer satisfaction. The only person who seemed bothered was the young lady behind the bar but due to her manager 'throwing her dirty laundry out' in front of customers, she seemed unhappy, as anyone would if she was left by herself to serve the customers. The food was the delight of my visit but I would recommend the manager needs to be more discreet with dealing with staff rather than turning the bar into an episode of EastEnders. I will try this pub again in a few weeks and hopefully someone would have dealt with their customer service and attitude. 
I see reviews about great Sunday roasts but after the very basic pulled pork burger and chips I was served on a Tuesday I can't believe it!? It was pretty low standard, no thrills stuff. In a city where 'gastro' pub grub is the norm it left me thinking that The Kings Arms is drinks only from now on. 
Very poor service due to lack of staff the waiting time for our order to be processed was extremely long the waiting staff had no idea leaning across the table to lay the food had to ask for cutlery and condiments 
Asked for halloumi that wasn’t battered. Of course pre packaged muck and cheap food wouldn’t allow for it not to be battered. Shame you can’t actually employ a chef that could cook from scratch and so just wouldn’t batter a piece of halloumi. Oh silly me, the ‘chef’ consists of someone putting food from the freezer into the oven! The food we did order were child’s portions. We were no offered any sauces etc & no one came to check if the food was ok. Terrible service. The poor man taking the food orders was run off his feet dealing with bar orders too. The supervisor was just swanning about. Get on a till & do your job of customer care, get more staff (especially on the weekend before Xmas) deal with GF customers & vegetarians. It’s not too much to ask. 
As I was vising I thought I'd give this a try for take away. I ordered a Chicken Tikka Massala which is my usual way of judging a new Indian restaurant. I have to say I was very dissapointed. This was the sweetest Tikka Massala I have ever had. It was like someone had added a couple of table spoons of sugar. It was also the orangest one I have ever had, which didn't inspire confidence. 
I recently hosted a large family meal at the restaurant and almost every aspect of our experience was poor. The service was virtually non-existent. When waiting staff did visit our table, it was when someone in our party had got up from the table to find them. At no point did anyone check if our group needed anything or top up our drinks. On one occasion, I asked a waiter for a drink and he nodded and then either forgot or ignored me, as the drink never materialised.  
Visited Aqua on Tuesday for dinner with my friend. We chose here in particular because it was a hot evening, so wanted to sit outside, and had heard lots of good things about it. 
Visited for our daughters birthday ordered drinks and starters, when the starter plates were cleared the waiter dropped the cutlery on to my trousers covered in sauce no real apology was offered, went down hill from here although the restaurant was quiet we still had to catch the waiters attention to order drinks after sitting with empty glasses for half an hour, as the restaurant got busy the 2 waiters struggled and we found ourselves looking around for waiter to order coffee and even the bill, when we booked online the restaurant asked what the occasion was we said birthday not a mention was made of this not even a drink for the birthday girl! If I'm honest the food was nice but the service was terrible which I could understand if this was a chain but if it's trying to sell itself as fine dining this restaurant definitely needs some staff training in customer service. 
Always love going here for a few with the old man. 
Having been here before with friends, we chose this as a place to celebrate our wedding anniversary, but really wish we hadn't! Very disappointed. We were seated at a table behind the bar and pretty much forgotten! When the waiter did appear he wanted our drinks and food order together and we felt very rushed. The food itself was very good but after the main course, it was at least 25 minutes after finishing that a waiter appeared again. We had to coax someone over to ask for drinks - noone asked if everything was ok and we felt very neglected. After this we decided not to have a dessert, asked for the bill and changed the £12 service charge to £6. You would have thought that would prompt a question if everything was OK, but no. The waiter just put the receipt back on the table, no thank you and no acknowledgement when we left. totally oblivious to individual customer needs. 
We went to Aqua on Sunday for my Mums 50th birthday meal. We booked a table for 10 based on the set menu they advertised on their website during the week. We arrived and was sat down at a cramped table and waited for the rest of the party. We had two children with us and one of the items on the menu online was plain chicken however when we were given the menus at the table it was completely different. There was no plain chicken, no fishcakes, no sticky pudding. We feel we were completely miss sold and were told that the menu changes weekly, well if that is the case they shouldn't leave the old menu on the website.  
Could do with extra staff first of all and maybe staff who listen too the orders which are being made,  
Sat waiting at table for 20 minutes. Waitress laying tables next to me so I got her attention and said I was ready to order. Food (lasagne) arrived fairly quick but was warm rather than hot. No sauces offered.  
Poor food , when you order squid and the waiter asks you what is wrong with it as it still had the outer membrane on it , he then proceeds to cut it up in front of you !!! , sea bass was under cooked , only good thing was they offered to take the cost of the squid off our bill 
This was my second visit to Aqua for lunch in 3 weeks. My first visit was quite pleasant, especially sitting outside in the sunshine, so I thought I would go again today.  
Went to this restaurant with several friends, three of us had risotto (different varieties). We all said that all we could taste was salt. Doesn't the chef taste the food when he's preparing it, or has he just become too accustomed to excessive salt? The Eton Mess was just frozen berries (still frozen) and ice cream with a meringue nest snapped in half served in a Sundae glass! The only good part of the meal was the baked brie, lovely. Restaurant was uncomfortably hot and noisy. Not sure I'd want to eat here again. 
So it was me, me mum, and friends, we went to go here thinking it would be great to go out with friends because my mum comes here regularly for work and other stuff like that, usually the food would be great but.. it wasn’t really due to ‘’new management”, understandable, but, I mean.. double friend chips, hard burgers to crusty, the meat in the sloppy joe wasn’t even in the burger, it was more out of it then in it. I mean, the desserts to, triple choc cake supposed to be warm, comes out stone cold.. the only upside is a nice staff member named josh who made it 2/5 instead of 1/5, 
Firstly, I would like to say that I would not wish to discourage diners from having a damned fine lunch or dinner at Aqua - if the management start paying for a full kitchen and experience in the waiting team.  
Just had dinner there with my family. 
Food was ok, but nothing special; however the completely disinterested service was verging on rude. We had to ask five times for water and when our mains came there was no sign of one and nothing said. When we eventually caught a waitress she said "Oh yes it will be along in a minute!" It was just shoddy! 
We arrived here for a friend's birthday. They had already waited a while to be offered a drink, and we joined in them their wait.  
Meal in restaurant was Luke warm at best. Breakfast next morning was not any better as had to wait nearly 1hour for it to be served from ordering 
Visited for some lunch and was pleased to see a very reasonable lunch menu. However we waited over 5 minutes to get the menu. The waiter who greeted us and sat us wasn't exactly welcoming and took a while to figure out what table to sit us at, even though inside was pretty empty. Restaurant overall was steady, people inside and outside, but nothing too major. Chefs on their phones at the pass. 
When first opened Aqua was a clear challenger to Cyprianis locally. Basically the same menu. Great space and well fitted out.  
I booked a Sunday roast at Aqua at 5pm, when I got there I was told the roast ends at 5pm, it doesn't say this on the website, menu or boards outside which is very irritating.  
Visited with a group of friends as a pre Christmas night out. Food was lovely but was reminded about six times that we needed to vacate the table by 9pm. Asked to order a cocktail after dinner but was told again by the manager that we needed to leave shortly so didn't bother. Felt very rushed, sadly the service let the evening down. Wouldn't rush back and wouldn't recommend for a special occasion.  
Went for breakfast to meet family staying at the hotel. Worst breakfast experience I’ve ever had! 
Yet again, another useless restaurant that won’t cater for gluten free. When I asked for a gluten free menu I was told to go to the bar when I ordered and they would tell me if it was gluten free! A little late by then. And as a vegetarian there is just halloumi salad. I had to download the info to see BEFORE I ordered. My plea again. We are not aliens, it is not our fault and to offer something as easy as halloumi & chips or sweet potato fries would be a start. Yet again, VERY disappointed in a chain restaurant.  
Peak hour ques to order same que to pay only one staff member on tills. 3rd viait in two months very disapointed again tables not cleared no one to greet and welcome you or show you to table. 
We met up with friends on Sunday it was a problem getting a member of staff to take our order(you have to ask for this or go to the bar) we were booked in for 2pm finally served at 2.30 the average wait between courses was about 40 mins the starters were ok, but the mains were over cooked, a rare steak should be bleeding not dry & rubbery, also the garlic chicken was dry! the only time the waiting staff were attentive was when we were having our desserts then they couldn't wait to rush us through offering us the bill before we had finished. my wife told me there wasn't ant loo rolls in the ladies so they had to take tissues. I pointed this out to I presume was the Manager but it wasn't resolved & no apology! the whole restaurant was very amateurish. we wont be back! 
Prob wouldnt go here again mite be tadty but you end up chewing big spices spitting them out. 
Like the other review we visited here on 7th Jan. We could have wrote this review as it was exactly what we experienced. Parsnips were very tasty but that was probably because they were frozen!! Brussels were rick gard and all the same suze which agaun leads me to belueve that they were frozen! Gravy had a layer of fat on the top and was very watery. Like the other reviewer we didnt have the soup as it looked and smelt awful. Dessert was ok but my husband had the lemon meringue and it wasnt anything special. My husband had two lattes and both times they were served in a mug and bot a glass like normal. Service was ok. Will not be returning. Such a shame as it could be so much better. 
I was very excited to book my birthday meal at Aqua as the restaurant looks lovely.  
Poor service, way overstretched. Long waits for food. Ambiance of a school dinner hall. OK nosh (no more) when it arrived. What really got me was the 12.5% gratuity added to the bill for a party of two.. I took it off. Check out other reviews saying same thing on service etc. Shame, it had prospects. 
  
Service on Saturday night was very slow possibly due to the kitchen being over run with take away orders.  
I visited this Restaurant yesterday with 4 friends. We ordered our meal from the Set Menu. Three ordered starters which came after about 30 minutes. When they came, the portions were small, but adaquet. After a very long wait(over an hour ) the meals arrived. Four of us ordered the salmon. The portions were really small and the salmon was overcooked. It was served with a handful of rocket and a minute tomato. Two of us ordered desserts which were fine. Unfortunately the meal took so long that two of us had to rush off as the car parking had run out. The waiting staff were all very polite and helpful. 
Went to this restaurant as a family meal, pre-ordered the food as we were told by pre-ordering it will be ready to come out at 8, however from getting there at 8, we waited over 45 for drinks, even then we had to remind them as they missed drinks multiple times!  
To be honest I have never ordered scampi and chips and had more scampi than chips. The chips were hard and the scampi was over cooked which seems hard as it’s all deep fried  
A group of us popped in on a Sunday eve around 9pm. We checked their website beforehand and it said they were open until 11pm. When we tried to order a drink at 10pm we were sternly told they were closed and always do at 10pm on Sundays. That's fine, but it was the unpleasant attitude, poor service and the fact that no one came to clear our glasses all evening or call last orders as a courtesy that means we have no plans to take our custom here again. Shame, as we are locals and like to support local businesses. 
nice pub. very pleasant and cosy. I had an afternoon pint. it was very well poured. staff were very good at engaging customers in conversation. I will definitely return 
A group of us decided to try out our local pub for a Christmas party. The atmosphere was nice, the ham hock terrine appetiser was great, the beverages were good, and they switched out an appetiser when there might of been a mix up on our group's part. I'd say the main dish that I had was average (turkey), along with the brownie and ice cream.  
Food not great, buttermilk = spicy. Food order was wrong, food came at different times and so I didn’t get to eat with my partner, and because it was late we couldn’t then get a table inside ready for the quiz. Quiz host not very ameniable. If you’re not inside that’s it you miss the quiz. No niceness or try and come again next week. Money not well spent!!!!!! 
Visited the Pocket Watch for the first time last night and sat I the dining area towards the back. 
We have been regulars of Bamboo House since it opened, and usually love the food.  
Went for a meal at this restaurant last night. It was our friends' birthday. He made a special trip to the restaurant a few days prior to reserve on of the 'booths' so we could have our own space to enjoy the food. He was assured by staff this was fine. Table was booked for 9.30pm. We got there on time. Booths all in use...so we were expecting staff to make one available as per the reservation. Not possible it would seem...people in booths obviously took priority over us...so we had to make do with a much smaller table.. friend not happy at all which put a dampner..on the evening..food was good..it always is...but they might as well not bother taking reservations if they have no intention of honouring them..doubt we will be back...shame really..as we have had some nice meals in there and spent a lot of money.. 
Went for lunch twice here. First time it was ok but the last time food was awful. Pasta was rubbery and tough, sauce was more like tomato soup than sauce. Won't return unfortunately. Shame as it is quite a nice pub overall. 
This is my third try at leaving a review from my mother's wake. Everything had been arranged previously with helpful, friendly staff, but the staff on duty for the wake were not at all helpful, or friendly. The tea and coffee station had not been set up and any request was met with more surliness. It's in a very nice area too, but staffed with personnel who don't have 'customer service' in their job description. 
Parking nearby is tricky. Atmosphere will improve if staff wear uniforms or something to identify them. At the moment it impossible to identify staff from public. They need to look smarter. Far too casual. Food is average. Nothing special. Tried spicy chips, lamb biryani,chicken, rice among other dishes. Felt something is missing. 
I felt mortified to hear the manager discussing the staffs performance in front of the bar humiliating and unneccesary And in my opinion. Out of order it was as though they had to accept this as it was the way he was. Totally inappropriate and undeserved Good on your junior staff for the stoic way they managed themselves. .  
Visited on a Thursday evening on a friend’s recommendation. Arrived at 7.30 and were the second table seated - despite this we were the last table served, at 9.45. Staff seemed to think it amusing. Didn’t seem bothered when one of us found bones in a dish that was described as ‘boneless’, and one of our party had to wait another 10 minutes after the rest of us had been served to get her food - after we had chased it up. Shame because the food was quite tasty. Won’t be going again. 
I went to a family event. The buffet was made of economy ingredients. Quiches and sandwiches were minute. Fillings were cheap eg processed ham, grated cheese with some sort of pickle. There were several plates full of carrot sticks more than required for the two small pots of hummus. The whole thing was so mean. I hope it was cheap but I suspect not and I wasn't the one paying. I went for a pizza afterwards I was so hungry. 
It serves great pizzas - seriously good dough and flavours. Pasta good too but that little tubby chap that dresses up in chefs whites - is he the owner? He is so rude - unnecessarily so. 
Everything started well, with nice cocktails in the bar and the ambience was good. 
I've been three times now, at different times on different days and found the experience awful every time. Plenty of people tell me how good it is so maybe I'm just unlucky but ignorant staff, under cooked basics like chips are just unforgivable and consistently on offer meaning I won't take my chance a fourth time. 
Easy to follow Covid arrangements and friendly staff  
I have never gone to the trouble before in writing a bad review , but was so disappointed with the meal as were my two housemates that I feel compelled to write totally inedible, so not only wasting spending money on those but also the extra's to go with them. if that wasn't bad enough I have never had a Keena Naan bread without its supposed filling. 
We stayed at Premier Inn Bexleyheath next door. I popped in to get a bottle of Prosecco to have in our room, low and behold, get ready for this and ensure your seated - they run out! 
Felt sorry for the staff who were clearly struggling during the early evening on Friday 21 July. Understaffed and under pressure.  
A great shame as wanted to support this restaurant living in Ottershaw. The food has always tasted good and inside has been decorated to such a nice standard,sadly we won't be ordering again anytime soon with such a low hygiene rating. From a 1 improving to only a 2 is inexcusable. Let's hope 3 Rooms can turn it around! 
Staff were really polite and after menu came through our door we were looking forward to trying this out for takeaway. Sadly the chicken tikka masala tasted more like chicken in tomato sauce no spice at all and not the creamy consistency you'd expect. Lamb saag similarly lacked spice or flavour. After a very long wait from ordering it was sadly a let down. 
A great restaurant with a really nice atmosphere however after discovering they have only achieved a hygiene rating of 2 just recently is totally unacceptable so we won’t be ordering any time soon .. I believe hygiene ratings for all food establishments should be displayed on Tripadvisor.. 
Ordered the steak......came out bone dry and obviously overcooked. Took it back to the bar staff as there seemed nobody else to tell. She apologised and another steak was ordered and I again asked for it to be cooked medium. The new steak came which was raw so sent back again...it came back again and it was still raw so asked for it again to be cooked medium(pink no blood). When it came back again I was at the point of feeling really sick and stressed and just wanted to leave. The lady asked me quite rudely was it cooked to my standard which made me feel really horrible. I explained to her I don't set the standard and continued to explain again what constitutes a medium steak. Maybe they should check the food standards website as this clearly states what each type of steak should be like. It was so very upsetting. One of the staff did tell me how short staffed they were and how there was only one member of kitchen staff in thus both managers were in the kitchen cooking. Because of how they made me feel and how poorly the food was I will not be going back. 
We've visited this restaurant on over 10 occasions and when we first started going we were really impressed as quality, service and cost was great. However the last 3-4 visits have been disappointing. The service has been slow, the food is poor and most disappointingly the staff are rude. 
We planned on going here for a Valentine's Day treat and decided to get a takeaway to try out the food. Tarka Daal was very bland. Sag paneer squiggy. Very disappointing so will not eat in. 
First time we ever ordered from here (collection), the food was immense. Couldn’t fault it at all.  
I really dont like fake bacon and sausage. 
I was very disappointed on my night out. We all had a lovely starter but then it went down hill. Over cooked potatoes and no veg . So much sausage meat, i could have made a pack. please don't order the christmas pudding, the worst i have ever had, did not even look like a pudding. Our waitress rushed us at 8-45 to pay our bill, but we wanted to stay. We felt rushed. We found this service poor. 
This Brewers Fayre is clean and nicely set out, when it first opened it was very nice with friendly staff that remembered you when you went in again, and the food was very good. We have been recently more than once to see if it was a "bad day" before but the staff are not very knowledgable about the drinks and the food, the service is slow and the food on our last visit was not good it looked like it had been reheated and did not taste very good. 
Fish and chips. peas cold and hard chips horrible fish cold in the middle. Complained to waitress she took them back reheated everything on plate peas still hard fish still cold in the middle. Been here a few times when it opened wasn't to bad last two times horrible food never going back. 
Visited for breakfast, time 10 am. Very little choice, food that was on display did not look at all appetising, judging by the food left on other customers plates wasn't that good. Decided just to have a tea & a coffee. Only hot milk from machine available for the tea, coffee again from machine barely warm, not a place I would recommend, tried 3 tables before we found a clean one even though they had been previously been cleared, can't even say it was busy about 12 people inside. 
Five of us had a meal last night at this restaurant. The food was very tasty and the service was good. However, at the end of our evening when we had all got our coats and scarfs, as it was an extremely cold night, at 10.55 we were standing up next to our table waiting for our taxis to arrive when a man (assume he may be a manager) came up and said they were closing and asked us to leave!!! Bearing in mind we had paid just over £150 that evening we were not impressed to then have to stand in the freezing cold outside waiting for our taxi's. I am afraid that even if the food was good, the way we were treated was not accommodating and all of us agreed that we would not use this restaurant again. 
We live nearby and wanted to give it a try. The beer selection is good and the staff are nice. However, all three meals we ordered had serious problems. The hamburger was overdone, the steak and mushroom pie was dry (we asked for gravy, which took about 10 minutes to get), and the pork belly roast was unappetizing (even the Yorkshire pudding seemed dry and stale). There is no lack of good restaurants and pubs nearby, so you can do much better than dining here. As for this pub, I hope they sort things out since it’s a nice space and a good location. 
I’m writing this with a heavy heart. I have left it 4 weeks before writing as I’ve been coming to the Rajdoot for over 20 years, and I have enjoyed the regular staff in that time, sadly a lot of staff has moved on. In the end I thought to myself if the chefs were happy to serve me poor chicken then I’m going to be honest and leave feedback accordingly. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, when it came it was inedible each piece of chicken was like stones, I was chewing on it for ages. I could not cut the meat so I asked the waiter to cut my meat for me. He got the knife and pressed down on the chicken, it nearly flew off the plate, and he then got the fork to hold it steady while he sawed away at it. Realising that the meat was indeed rock hard he called over the manager on that day. He offered me a replacement meal, I declined. It’s sad to see this place go downhill and I do hope they get their act together and become a top restaurant like it once was. 
We ate here on Saturday evening and the food and service was very poor.  
Reading the recent reviews, I am unfortunately going to have to agree with everyone.  
Food bland and boring, staff OK, realised when we got home we were over charged.  
Chicken had ice in it. 
We went with friends for dinner and we didn't enjoy our experience there.From food to wine everything was average. 
The atmosphere is actually pretty nice. A small clean cosy place. The first courses were okay. The seconds we had to wait for about an hour and twenty minutes to get. The guys doing the service were doing their best. But some of them were simply not eadible. In particular the beef fillet and the sausage pasta. The manager cut 50% of our bill as he could see we were disatisfied. The real rating would have been 0 out of 5 if it weren't for the manager and the people helping him. 
Booked for Mother’s Day for their free flowing Prosecco brunch (as advertised on website and on printed menus). Arrived at 10.30am but when requesting Prosecco brunch was told that their alcohol license is not valid until 12pm!! And they needed the table back by 12.15pm anyway!! Strange because I had the advertised Prosecco brunch there on Sunday 24th Feb at 10.45am!! Maybe they decided it wasn’t profitable enough for them for Mother’s Day?? Well how about not advertising it then? Or perhaps telling people that it is not available when you confirm their reservation?? Last time I checked, brunch was a combination of breakfast and lunch so not offering free flowing Prosecco until 12pm by which time most people won’t be thinking of ordering a cooked breakfast seems a bit pointless!! Clever little trick there! And a shame because the Eggs Benedict is delicious. Service is also good but I won’t be returning out of principal since you are misleading your customers. Completely took away the special touch that would have made a lovely Mother’s Day brunch! Very disappointing!! Sorry Mum!!  
I have been going to the Rajdoot for years and have always loved their food and friendly service. However, since the refurb, all the staff seem to have changed. 
Incredibly expensive for average food. The bill came to over £100.00 and there was only three of us!!. I would not mind but we did not order a lot of food. 
New restaurant, clean and fresh.  
Was so looking forward to this birthday meal out !!!  
My husband and I had breakfast here twice whilst staying at the Premier Inn as part of their package . No problems with the food or staff but the crockery was greasy , as were the glasses as when you self served with fruit juice , there was grease on top of them .The cutlery was crusty too . We spoke to reception on day one but day two was the same .  
Got to restaurant about 6.20pm 28th dec, they had run out of ribs & roast chicken ! I ordered rump steak as alternative. Food arrived but steak was bland & one side of it very gristley had trouble cutting it off, husbands Cod was watery. Side orders & dessert ok. No staff member asked how our food was. Seemed expensive at £12 for steak £10 for Fish, so with paying £3 for underground parking and 2 drinks each we spent £60 in total. They have a daytime value menu until 6pm so wished I had known as its a lot cheaper but obviously not so much choices. Dont think we'll be going back unless it was value menu or poss buffet counter, main menu isnt worth prices & you have to order from the bar too !!! 
No one to serve at bar.food cold and tasteless.boring menù. Meat testless and very dry. Staff looked bored. Terrible! 
A few restaurants have come and gone on this site and this latest venture seems to be little improvement on the last place in terms of value for money and ambience. I ordered a burger which came on the dreaded wooden plank - the relish as advertised couldn't be found - just drenched in shop-bought sauces, but the worse aspect of all was the actual burger bun was cold and the meat tepid, so basic, not worth the £14 price tag. There seemed quite a few staff for the size of the place so unfortunately I felt quite monitored by bored waitresses stood behind the bar facing me, a particular pet hate of mine which puts me on edge and is unrelaxing. They were joined by yet another waiter who continued prowl around like a preying mantis when there really wasn;t anything to do. The irony was that after my plate was cleared and I could have done with a dessert menu no one came near me. I watched staff member after staff member walk past or focus their attention on a larger party after 15 minutes of this I decided to cut my losses and leave. I don't like the fact that service charge if added onto the bill when it has fallen short. Unfortunately the set up is like so many of the independents that crop up - charging high prices for what can generously be described as average with amateurish staff just not delivering on the basics. AVOID. 
The wife and I stopped off for something to eat after shopping in Bexleyheath last weekend. The staff are friendly and helpful, which is a plus. My wife had a chicken salad, and I ordered the New York Burger, a refillable Coke and a pint of shandy. Totalling £25. Sadly for the money they were charging it did not reflected the quality of the food we were served. The food was comparable to something you could buy from Icelands on the High Street, so a bit of a let down. If you are charging that kind of money, at least bump the quality up a little bit. 
Usual place was closed so tried raj doot... Looked impressive from outside. However wasn't very busy and had to wait over an hour for food. Waiter could not speak a word of English. Chicken madras dish was milder than a korma and very dry with huge chunks, we did complain but waiter just rolled his eyes and cleared table. Let's hope venue 5 is open next time. 
Went to Ormer on Sat Jul 22nd having booked the restaurant after seeing it on Masterchef.  
Arrived & told about A 20 mins wait to eat, waited over an hour we had been forgotten & only got a table after telling the staff we were still waiting. 
Just got back from here. The food was very poor!! The chips warmed up, the beans dry, the fried egg over cooked!! Overall very poor. The staff are friendly and polite but we would never visit again. 
Have been before to this place and enjoyed a chicken handi as a main course. This time however, I ordered the same dish and it was a great disappointment. Although it looked appetising at first, the taste was unremarkable, tasteless and bland. Not at all what I had expected. Furthermore it was not piping hot. 
Having read previous reviews and looked at the dinner menu online we were eager to try this new restaurant in Esher. Unfortunately it wasn't what we were expecting and left us very underwhelmed by the whole experience. 
After reading the reviews I was excited to try the new restaurant on Esher High Street at the weekend. I was impressed with the interior decoration but that was where it stopped . I found the service from the waiting staff slightly brusque and the menu too small - there simply was not enough choice and it was on the pricey side for the size of portions. My food (sea bass)could have been hotter (and my husband made the same comment about his meal. Although there was nothing particularly wrong with the food - it just wasn’t anything special or memorable. 
Menu was very confusing as there were significant differences between menu in hotel, room (prem inn) . My vegetarian wife nearly had something vegetarian on room menu that was cooked alongside meat, Service was not so good as staff were unaware of problem and seemed indifferent when informed. My meal was OK, but a less than happy experience and a very limited menu for vegetarians. 
I have always raved about the excellent food and service at rajdoot where I have been a customer for the last 10 years! However tonight's experience will put me off returning or recommending. The food was ok...but only ok-- not exceptional which is what we are used to. The service however was appalling and one member of the waiting staff in particular was just damn right rude!! Such a shame that my favourite curry house has gone to pot! Shall look elsewhere to spend my money. 
I did not enjoy my food here. I was happy with service but mediocre food is not really what I was looking for. it's a shame staff were friendly and nice but the food let it down.. 
A group of us ate there last night, waited an age to get meals. We only had one round of non alcoholic drinks and a basic main but the total bill was the same as eating in an expensive restaurant in London with alcohol. 
I recently stayed at the Premier Inn linked to this eatery is linked to and I have to say that it is not great I only had two meals over the two weeks i was working in the area and neither was great, which is why I choose to eat out. It was popular with locals who seem to come for the buffet meals which surprisingly closed at 8.00pm, I did want to try the curry night and went to the restaurant at 7.55pm to find it had all been cleared and on another night the chef was standing reading to clear the buffet before 8.00pm again when customers were still eating from it. Not everyone wants to eat before 8.00pm and I have been to other Brewers Fayre inns when buffet were served until 9.00pm or later. 
tried this for the first time. Decor nice as its new. Half food not available that is on the menu. We had booked a table so no problems there. Food only warm staff couldn't care. Won't go again. Didn't even bother with dessert or coffee. Had drinks but wasn't offered a tray to carry them. 
We have enjoyed several meals in this chain, however if this had been the first visit to one of this chain then we would have never visited another ! Service was non existent, our order eventually arrived by a server wandering the restaurant. Th remains of our main course still left on our table at least 20 minutes after we had finished (my Wife's main course not beings what I had ordered for her). We ordered a sweet but gave up after a further 20 minutes when not delivered.. When we left the main course remains were still on the table despite my request that the table be cleared. I had to go to other tables when we arrived to find cutlery and serviets. Never again to this place. 
My wife and I have been to many brewers fayre eateries.The bexleyheath b/f does not stand up to standards of signup place. We had chipshop /pasta. The pasta was good. .but the chipshop well,fish had to much batter the chicken was not crumbled just fried.the sausage had no taste the chips were warm,the piesbit hard pastry and as for the fish bites well if I had wanted a chewy mouthful I would have eaten a eraser ..the service was not bad but the staff need to try harder at informing clients about the way you order your food and drinks.we were asked if we wanted coffee I said yes please two lattes,we assumed they would bring them but had to ask the head person.who duly got us the drinks. I know it hasn't been open long but staff should be able to the basic talk making sure customers have the information to get what they require and how to make there meal pleasant and at least know the basics. I will try again but will not pull punches ..Rockingham9@gmail.com 
I was really excited to try the new edition to Esher high street however I was extremely disappointed!  
I recently visited this restaurant as I was staying next door at the Premier Inn. I was going to walk into the centre for dinner but it was cold. I so wished I had after my meal.  
We visited this restaurant on bank holiday Sunday at 5:30 pm. We were immediately seated even tho it was extremely busy. We ordered our drinks, starters and main meals at the bar and then waited about 20 
My mum booked a table on the 8th for the 20th for table of possibly 6 but maybe 5 to which she was told to let the restaurant know if it does change which is fair enough. Charlotte was the girl on a Tuesday afternoon over the phone and asked for My mum's names, mobile number and other details.  
Brewers Fayre is very clean, staff are polite , waitress (small young lady) was very good .. Just the food three out of four different meals tasteless .. i think they may have been microwave meals... Not returning .. 
Beer was tasty won’t bother eating here again though. Fish and chips was greasy and batter non crispy. Bit of a let down.. 
I visited Brewers Fayre Bexleyheath with my son (he's 9) on a Thursday night. We had never visited before and first impressions were good. It's nicely decorated and the staff were welcoming, explaining the process of ordering food and drinks at the bar etc. The menu is standard 'pub grub'. I opted for the scampi and my son asked for sirloin steak (which he would regularly order, and devour, at other restaurants e.g. Cafe Rouge). As the food arrived it looked fine. We both had peas - mine were green but my sons's were a kind of grey colour which I assume had been hanging around for a while! That was the only visual indicator that the food was not going to be great. As my son attempted to cut his steak I could tell he was struggling. I offered to cut it for him but even I, with the aid of a steak knife, could barely cut through it! It was about 2 inches thick (I think it was rump and not sirloin as ordered), totally raw and jelly-like in the centre, and criss crossed with unpleasant sinew! I returned the steak, and asked for a burger instead which I paid for. The guy at the till said the manager would come and see me, which she did, and the price of the steak was refunded. The burger was fine - not great, not terrible and the scampi was the same. Would I return? Definitely not. This place is great for contractors that are staying at the attached Premier Inn and want a pint and a big meal (there is a nightly all-you-can-eat buffet) with no hassle. For anyone else I would say most pubs do much better pub grub and places like Pizza Express offer much greater quality for a family meal out. It's a shame because it's nice inside and the staff are all friendly and trying really hard. My son commented that there seemed to be more staff than customers! 
Sorry to say, our experience was very disappointing. Like many reviewers, we booked on the strength of Shaun Rankin's appearance on Masterchef. The restaurant is stunning. Unfortunately, the food and service did not match. The little things first. Empty cocktail glasses left on the table and water glasses not topped up. The big unforgivable issue was my wife's main fish course arriving cold. Not tepid but cold. My venison shared the plate with what could have doubled as a chocolate desert. I understand that two flavours work in harmony but, short of serving a bar of Cadburys Dairy Milk, it couldn't have contained more coco based items. The desert was probably the outstanding dish. The staff whilst pleasant and professional were not engaging.  
Food ok ish some staff OK a few blimming terrible. One lady in particular although I did see the funny side, my dad is a bit hard of hearing my wife is from Northampton so the lady in question who spoke quietly at a 100 mph in a very broad London accent without checking we understood was a challenge, the funny bit for me was I became the interpreter going back and forth with questions as do you like peppercorn sauce! Safe to say we won't be going back which is a shame as its local to my dad, personally their are many better restaurants in this price range that deserve our custom 
Visited here on a Saturday afternoon while shopping in bexley. Was seated straight away. Went to the bar to order a drink whilst my partner was looking at the menu. With only one member of staff behide the bar taking the drinks and food orders on midday on a Saturday is cazy, when a bit of a queue started to appear a member of staff did step in. Ordered the sharing platter, looked and tasted very nice. Then came the Mexican burger which was pure mush and is definitely not a burger no taste to the chips, then came the fish and chips it was the tail end of the fish which was off white and slimey, did say in the menu hand battered fish only thing battered was are Saturday lunch out. Did send back but no feedback. Stay in premier inns all over the country and aways try to avoid ones with adjoining brewers fayre.. poor prepaid pub food at best. 
Went there last Saturday and it's always packed so you think this must be a good place. I have always thought that when an Indian restaurant is huge more they tend to focus more on getting you and out quickly for turn over then actually quality of the food. Unfortuanlty I was right, orders taken very quickly (not a bad thing) food came out quickly, I ordered a biryani, it was barely warm and lacked any spice at all with hardly any flavour. The vegetable curry simply didn't taste of anything. I will stick to Rayners Lane in future for when I want a curry.  
Lovely location but 17 quid for 3 beers?.. seriously? Get a grip. We would come here more often but for the prices 
Ordered a chicken tikka masala and it was sweet like a dessert very sweet will definitely not be going back very disappointed do not recommend this restaurant 
The food is good but the service is really bad. we queued outside for 20 minutes (inside is full) and no one came to us asking if we need a table. There is a group of people just came in, cut the que and get a seat before us..... there is no proper queuing system.... the service is so so slow... waited 25 mins for the table, 10 minutes for the menu... another 10 minute to call the waiter to take out order and another 35 minus until we get our food !! 
Truly mediocre in nearly every way. Overly priced, on the small side portions, decent taste but nothing exceptional. Level of service is weak, friendly but amateurish. You wouldn’t have to travel too far for a much better Indian. I’m certainly not going back. 
Have visited the restaurant in the past which was below average. Ordered a takeaway meal tonite which arrived cold and was tasteless. They sent wrong bread and the salad was in with the hot food therefore warm. Usually order from the Eastcote Tandoori and really wish I had tonite. 
We have been having takeaways from rajdoot for years. Unfortunately we will no longer be having food from them. We have just received our takeaway and the chicken tikka was not cooked properly, it was still pink. Luckily we noticed it when we cut through the chicken. Surely the meat should of been tested with a meat thermometer before taking it off the grill!  
I ordered a takeaway was very disappointed with the quality of the food pompadums had a horrible taste chicken was tough side dish was full of oil,will not use again. 
Prices overrated and customer service unsatisfactory. Booked 6pm- go there - its closed! Door opens after waitress notices us. No smile, no welcome. Her personal things on table&chair....Food is tasty however portions are small. Curry with 3-4 prawns and small amount of rice rather disproportional with curry size. Few customers but waiters seem to be very busy and impossible to get an eye contact. Generally unenthusiastic and disinterested in customer experience. Toilet flush wasnt working. Left half hungry. For that discounted price would certainly get more somewhere not too far. I guess being near HSKensington contributes to prices else their starters and mains to me were worth half of the marked price or even less. Overall unhappy with the experience given also that this was a birthday treat which didn't quite work. 
Have eaten there many times since the revamp but quantity over quality has happened! 
Dropped in for a lunch time meal based good reviews on trip advisor. Front of house service was not welcoming and abrupt. The food arrived quite promptly which turned out to be mediocre at best. The quality of the ingredients were of a low standard and it looks like profit is out weighing customer satisfaction. We left most of our meal. To finish of on a positive note the location is good.  
We spotted this pub as we were enjoying a beautiful walk along The Long Walk. It looked lovely from the outside and we thought it would be good inside considering it's location. Our lunch was fine, it filled us up and tasted ok but was nothing to write home about. What was disappointing was the standard/cleanliness of the toilets and the state of the high chair which looked as though the straps had never been cleaned. Another disappointment was having to endure the smell of cigarette smoke while we were eating our meal, it kept wafting in from outside. 
Have used this restaurant numerous times over the years and its nowhere near as good as it used to be. The waiters are pleasant enough but are there to clear the table within seconds of you putting your cutlery down. Very rushed, not at all relaxing and very expensive. The food is not up to the standard it used to be either.  
For many long years the Rajdoot has been an excellent restaurant. Our last 2 visits have shown a drop in the quality of the food and an increase in price. The staff remain welcoming, friendly and helpful. 
We went to Rajdoot a couple of years ago and found the food to be lovely. We have eaten there twice more recently (including last night) and the food has gone seriously downhill! Both our Naan were burnt... to a black crisp. I had the sea bass dish which was lovely but my wife's Chicken Rogan was disgusting with a deep layer of oil on top which put both of us off our food. I was also dissapointed to see that, despite the quality of the food dropping so drastically, the price of the food is still quite high. Used to be a good restaurant but will not be going back. We much prefer Delhi Spice on Ruislip high street.. good food and reasonably priced. 
Was very disappointed. Have been to Raj Dhoot a number of times before it was refurbished and enlarged. We were just left standing at the bar when we arrived and had to keep asking if our table was ready and told that only the manager could deal with it! Eventually seated and the food quickly arrived after order but very disappointed with the curry dishes, as all the sauces look exactly the same (probably are the same with just a few more chillies put in for different heats). No subtleness to the dishes, no coriander, or spice tastes etc. Once the meal was finished it felt like you were being rushed out. 
this has such HUGE potential but the staff should all be fired and get all new! bathrooms smell awful OLD and unclean. Deck unclean. 
The food is just okay, really ordinary and not 100% Indian like.  
Very disappointing experience . We arrived approx 1300 , the pub was pretty much empty so we decided to eat here. Ordered our drinks at the bar and was given a food menu. Five minutes later we go back to order our food only to be told the food menu isn't available , only the sandwich menu is . So I ordered a chicken club sandwich (which came with soup). 
The starter of garlic mushrooms had a cloying sauce and the toast was soft. The roast beef consisted of a couple of slices of gristly beef, a medium-sized yorkshire pudding and three or four soggy potatoes. The bread and butter pudding was average. 
I was looking forward to dining for the first time in the apparently up market and stylish restaurant. However I was really disappointed due to both the eating experience and service for a premium priced Indian restaurant. 
Had high expectations on the restaurant and the quality of the product but ended disappointed. Service was verys slow, I burned my tongue with the Prawn Gyozas which didn't really taste at all like prawn and had to wait more than 10 mins to be able to eat them. I had to repeat my order like 3 times to different staff due to missing plates. I think the quality of the fish is great but the makis and sushi are too big and not really tasty. 
I have been going to this restaurant for 10-plus years and have noticed the standards -- both of the food and service -- slipping steadily. The staff were unable to cope at dinner, basic orders were missed and the dishes did arrive in sync. And the all-round quality is a shadow of its former self. A real shame. 
We have had drinks in this pub before and the restaurant was busy. We took this as a good sign and vowed to return for lunch one day. We decided to eat at the Windsor castle pub today as we had friends over from London and felt like showing off a good Windsor pub. When we arrived the place was busy but not overrun for a bank holiday. It took nearly 40 minutes for our food order to be taken. understaffed considering the weather? 
Sad to say that this Japanese restaurant has really gone down hill. We reserved a table but they forgot. The food was ok nothing great. And it took forever to get served. We waited for one plate of sushi for over an hour and ended up asking for it to be packed up to take home. We were offered no apology or even goodwill. Also the bill is was crazy expensive and we all left feeling hungry. I would not go back to this restaurant.  
I ordered vegetable gyoza and chicken teriyaki, 3 out of 5 of the gyoza were burned and the chicken was partially burned too. The tori Kara was good though.  
Went with my bf on a Wednesday night, was disappointed. The grilled aubergine was not grilled at all, it's more like boiled with some barbecue sauce on it( normally should be miso dressing for it). It tastes bad. My bf doesn't like his udon neither, the noodles were over cooked and soup was not nice. My shirashi was alrite but not amazing, you get much better ones with similar price elsewhere. The price overal is high, especially for such kind of food. Wouldn't recommend, look for better choices! 
4 of us went here for dinner last night all full of high expectations. We ordered an array of dishes but we were very disappointed with the overall taste, presentation and quality. 
Staff seem to work in a rather haphazard manner here - no menus, no drinks...when we finally ordered a bottle of wine (25 mins after arriving), the manager went away and came back saying that one wasn't actually available...cue, repeat of earlier delay with requesting menus etc again. In the interim, the table next to us had a huge row with the manager over the portion size and his refusal to let them take away the food that they hadn't eaten. Whilst a little unusual to ask for a "doggy bag", i think it would have been easier for the manager to have given in to their request rather than the resulting rather unpleasant scene. The food was average at best, portions small and we ended up with rice (for which we charged) that we didn't ever order.  
I have been to Chakra before and the food was very good. But this time, I went with a Groupon voucher for a set lunch for 4. We were 4 slim people (just to indicate that we don't eat that much). The portions of food were very small & we had to go to a nearby cafe after lunch because we were all left hungry. I don't know if the reduced portions were normal for any set menu or for the Groupon set menu. There wasn't much choice in the set menu either, just a vegetarian and a chicken option for starter & main course. If anyone has this Groupon voucher, I would suggest 3 or even 2 people going for this meal for 4! 
We thought we go to Kiraku instead of the usual Central London offers, the food definitely up to standard but the prices are expensive, offering smaller portions and inflated prices. The service was poor, constantly having to flag down staff and when staff eventually came they were rude and blunt. Would not recommend Kiraku unless you were prepared to spend loads and had loads of patience. 
It was our first time in this area and the The Old Suffolk Punch looked ideal to stop for a bite to eat. We only wanted a very light lunch and the only thing that appealed was something from the kids menu - however not being children and being pensioners advancing somewhat in years, our order was refused - apparently this is the policy of the pub. I hope the management will reconsider in future as it seems strange to turn business away because the consumer does not fit a certain demographic. It makes one wonder if a hungry child would be refused an adult meal! 
So we chose to come to this restaurant because of the amazing reviews. We got there and it's a very small restaurant, luckily we got a table in the back that was on its own or I wouldn't have been comfortable sitting so close to people I don't know when eating. 
I have to aree with the many reviewers who have seen this place go downhill since its expansion. Once it was a small intimate venue with great food and attentive staff who recognised you at every visit. As a former regular I now just feel like one of the crowd rather than a valued customer. The food is no longer as good - bland and poorly presented - and the service inattentive. There are much better places to go on the same high street. 
I visited this restaurant with friends. To be honest I was disappointed with my meal. I had heard such good reviews. Restaurant was very busy. I felt it was nothing out of the ordinary. 
We dined on an Amazon set price voucher offer in order to gain a taste of this restaurant for possible future visits. I am very glad we didn't pay full price as I would have been very upset indeed. First, the ambience was perfect for a sleek bar with plush white leather seating that would look great in South Beach Miami. The cocktail, a 'Russian sunrise', was terribly sweet and lacked finesse. The food was not served hot and was essentially warm on cold plates. The flavour was sickeningly creamy and the same for the daal and the curries. The only saving grace was the tandoori paneer which was pleasant. The desert was too sweet and lacked substance. 
We were excited to visit Chakra reading reviews and looking at the menu on the website. We purchased a timeout offer with a £60 spend in restaurant. On arriving there was no one to greet us, we waited a couple of minutes before we decided to look for a waiter to take us to our seat. We presented our voucher an disappointingly were told the voucher cover food only and no drinks or desserts. We ordered the chicken and fish for starters which was good, chicken was cooked well. However we orded from the cocktail menu a nimbu pani and it was a lame attempt, served in a tall glass, with soda water and a slice of llime, we asked to get it changed and it did not look like a cocktail worth £6.00. The mains came out luke warm served on cold plates and the nan bread was hard and tasteless.  
I was really looking forward to visiting Chakra in London, as I'd heard good things about it from a friend. However, my recent visit left me feeling flat and unsatisfied. The food was ok, but in all honesty I've had better meals at Indian restaurants in the East End for less than half the price. The atmosphere in the restaurant was really strained, and it felt like they were seriously understaffed. Our waitress managed to make the best of a poor situation, however, and in fact the lovely waiting staff was the only outstanding thing about my visit! 
Their video on the website is totally misleading in my opinion. Nothing like the sophistication they try to promulgate. Actually an extremely boring and average place - what a wasted evening ! 
went here on a groupon voucher having read very good reviews. 
So, I booked this through Travelzoo planning a birthday meal for our trip to London. At first glance and from pictures its stunning, I love the ethnic restaurants with a modern twist. Expectations were high as the write up on Travelzoo said they were 'up and coming according to Vogue'. Unfortunately the expectations were not met, by a mile. 
Food is always good, but it has become very expensive for what it is, old dated restaurant that needs some investment to justify the bill. 
I booked Chakra for a special night out for my partner's birthday and we were both very disappointed. The service was poor all night, culminating in the waitress trying to give my coat away to another customer! The food started fine, although one of the kebabs wasn't the one we ordered. The main courses turned up lukewarm. The prawn curry was tasty but would have been better hot. We ordered a crab dish which bore no relation to the description on the menu. The okra was presented cold and chewy. We didn't risk desserts. The wine list was not long but they didn't have Sauvignon Blanc which really surprised me. They overcharged us on the bill. I thought it very overpriced for the quality of the food. Far from the night out I planned. 
Very misleading reviews. Went and it was below average. Toast and muffins with breakfast cold and hard. Greasy veggie breakfast. Dont go out of your way  
I've never written a restaurant review before, but this experience really moved me.  
A colossal triumph of style over substance. Great for the (white) Notting Hill set who might want to impress the uninitiated used to British Chicken Tikka Masala. For a restaurant that lays claim to Luckhnawi sophistication, it only gets halfway there. Compare it to your average Indian takeaway but with a 'Bridgestone star'. Service was erratic for a Tuesday night. Might be worse on a Friday or Saturday. 
No go for its nasi lemak not sure about other dishes. The tukdin nasi lemak nasi tasted like plain rice hardly could feel any distinction from it. Sambal was not spicy nor sweet nor salty overall ot was bland. The only good thing was its ayam goreng which was boneless and could feel a twinge of fennel powder used to seasoned it and it was really panas unlike its rice being sejuk. 
This is our 2nd visit here. I thought of giving a higher score for our first visit because the staff that evening was so friendly even though the food was just okay, but this time it was just terrible! We are not coming back here possibly ever again. We are a big family of 6. So we decided to call to book a table for lunch that day. We got our table right in the centre of the restaurant (if anyones been here they would know that its quite a tight space once you pull the chairs on both sides), so mom being accommodating for everyone in that restaurant, thought that maybe if we move to an unreserved side table we should be out of everyones way, so they can deliver food without bumping on every customers shoulders and heads. So they moved and the staff at the counter quickly turned her head and said we cant move the tables together even though the tables are literally 3-4 inches apart, and mom said thats fine we just sit at separate tables but what makes me mad is, one she is very rude with her tone of voice and the way she said it, and secondly she showed us her 'annoyed face' the entire time we were there! I mean come'on its not like we are asking for free food! So that was it, we will not EVER come back here. As much as I miss Malaysian food here living in London and love love love to support my own people, but if you cannot respect your customers when we're actually paying you, then imagine the level of the respect you have for someone on the street. I'm sorry Tukdin but you have lost about 10 customers on this one (ya we normally dine in big groups) 
We pre booked a table of 8 for 6pm on Saturday. The experience didn’t start too well after being sat next to a table of 3 very drunk, loud, swearing ladies. Luckily our children down the other end of the table. 
Visiting London so booked a table here, starters were great shared Nachos, I ordered chicken in a sticky bbq sauce, my husband ordered salmon, my chicken was so dry it stuck in my throat and the Sticky BBQ sauce was literally sauce poured out of a bottle, my husband said his salmon was bland without out much flavour. We were very disappointed as we have eaten here a few years ago and the food was great. On a plus side the staff were lovely.  
The food was as expected for a chain burger place, yummy sweet potato fries and tasty enough burgers, though expensive at over £9 a burger, but that's London prices and chain restaurants. 
We sat at our tables for 15 minutes before anyone came by. It took at least another 20 minutes to get out appetisers which arrived cold and the awful drinks. When you were finally able to wrangle a server it was 50/50 if your request would be honoured. The food was meh, basically a heartless attempt at American food but not offensively bad like the drinks. 
We arrived for a return visit after 20 years. The restaurant was as we remembered, and the waiting staff were young, polite and fun. 
I'm not really sure how this restaurant has such a high rating- I'd question it on several issues.  
I'm sorry to but this was a ridiculous disappointment.For one of the busiest places on a saturday dinner time as Nottinghill is, you would expect the GBK to shine. To go that extra mile to make your experience as top as possible, considering the serious amount of competition.  
Great burgers waitress was terrible!!! 
All a bit disappointing. We’d booked a table for 7.30 on a Saturday night and when we arrived the restaurant was only about a 1/3 full - probably should have taken that as a sign. The wings and halloumi starters were OK but nothing special and the burgers for the main course were similarly average. We had 2 children with us who were looking forward to milkshakes but the machine was broken so they were unable to have them. The service was OK - pleasant but a little slow. All in all the whole place seemed a bit lacklustre and tired, there are much better options for a family meal and we certainly wouldn’t return. 
The setting was a bit ‘Frankie and Benny’s’ and unfortunately the food was too. We had two mains, two deserts and two drinks, and used the taste card so had some savings. 
It’s been nearly 20 years I dreamed about coming back to Sticky. I had such a great memory of amazing Burgers, Beef, chips and atmosphere. I was used to come back again and again to this place. But, .... as you could very well expect, things can change. And they did. Burgers are nothing special, quite below average in fact. Nachos are bad, nearly wet and nothing to remember about. Chips.... you can find thousands of places where they are better. And service was quite slow. It’s not the ‘old’ great Sticky I remembered, and I am afraid there is non chance I will come back 
Just had a take away. 
Staying close by and wanted to try a Malaysian restaurant as will be travelling to Malaysia in January. Satay chicken luke warm then ordered Seabass with tamarind which tasted like mackerel, sent it back and changed it to beef which was awful! Over priced and food appalling. 
Arrived Bank Holiday Lunch Time and was seated quickly as restaurant was not very busy. Have to say that the host or manager set the tone. Not that he was bad or rude, I just expected more. Maybe a happier welcome or a smilier face maybe ? 
Been to chakra many times in the past but it is very disappointing to see how quickly things are going downhill!!! 
a bit quiet when I went there for lunch. Ask the waitress what is the best food and she suggested to have the 'Nasi Lemak' but to me it was a mediocre version of nasi lemak. 
Saturday night, nephews birthday and big family get together so we wanted to book somewhere with good reviews and a good name. 
It's an okay restaurant. Less than average in comparison to your regular diner restaurant. Good ambience, however, if you order takeaway, theres a 90% chance they will mess it up e. G something spills, somethings cold or you don't get what you ask for. 3/10. 
Restaurant was pretty quiet when we went mid afternoon. Seated quickly. Our waiter was polite but not very efficient. Order was taken quickly but my son's drink took ages to arrive. They forgot about the water. Food arrived relatively quickly and was very average and portions pretty small for the price. Very hard to get the waiter's attention. We were asked if we wanted dessert menus and we said yes. These never materialised and we gave up. Won't be returning. 
My husband and I came to London on Friday 14 Dec and met up with my cousin and his wife for dinner. They recommended Sticky Fingers. However my meal of baby back ribs was dry and over cooked. My cousin ordered a chocolate milkshake which never arrived so he didn't bother to ask again. When we returned to our hotel my husband checked the bill and we had been charged for the milkshake despite never receiving it. It was also very noisy with Christmas party groups so we were unable to hear the music or even each other speaking at times. Needless to say we were very disappointed with it all. I sent an email to the guest relations manager and never got a reply. 
The food is pretty good, if you ever get what you actually ordered. Took three rounds before I got my meal. I'm vegetarian and Forest they bright a hamburger when I ordered a salad. Took two rounds to get the right drink. Never got the sauce we requested, watched as they have it to another table and then never came back. The wait for the food was also long. Maybe it's better when it isn't busy but honestly it wasn't even half full. There's a lot of good options in London. I would suggest skipping this one. 
We had the awful experience of lunching at this restaurant in the company of a large table of 12 people talking, even screaming, at the top of their voices. I measure the decibels at our table at over 80 most of the time. This discomfort was matched by the cheap uncomfortable chairs covered in straw like material. I cannot understand why the owners of this restaurant allow these situations to occur. I have no intention of returning 
The garlic chicken was basically gristle and fat, deep fried and with no garlic flavour. The rendang was OK but the £14.50 sea bass curry was also not inspiring. 
This is to express how disappointed I was with my last visit to Sticky Fingers. I came with my friend from Cambridge who was excited to try the ribs after I told her they were the best ribs in town. We were so looking forward to our meal and I was hoping she would enjoy it as much as I have in the past.  
We arrived and had great service from the start. We got our starter almost immediately after ordering it. After that it took almost 35 minutes for our main course to arrive. The server brought us some free appetizers and said our meal was going be an additional 20 minutes. I said, we will take our bill then. She miracously brought us our main course and at this time we were ready to go. 
This was my first visit to a Malay restaurant, but I love Indian, Thai, and Chinese food, so one would assume that I would enjoy Malay food. I didn't. Whether this was because of the quality of the food at the restaurant and its authenticity (it really is best described as home-cooked), or simply because I don't enjoy Malay food is uncertain. I really wanted to like this place as well. My advice, if new to Malay food trial a shared plate with your partner and order more only if you enjoy it.  
While the food was authentic it was decidedly average with portions almost too small. The staff were friendly but this was not enough to make up for their apparent lack of experience. Several things were forgotten throughout the meal including essentials such as tap water that was initially offered by them, and also one of our orders. The food itself took a long time to arrive, longer than 30 minutes. Would not come back again in a hurry. The average quality of the food is not worth the wait.  
I love American diners and wanted to go to one on my birthday and purely chose this one because we were in the area and I read it was ‘child friendly.’ In terms of the food and drink, the best was the macaroni cheese which was nice and cheesy...but everything else was mediocre. A few disappointing things were that when we arrived #1 the manager asked if we had a booking (although it was empty, that’s not very welcoming for people who want to eat at your restaurant), #2 the lemongrass lemonade tasted like water with lemon and the waiter kept insisting that it had lemongrass in it rather than apologising and offering something else, #3 my daughter dropped her drink and the glass smashed, the waiter cleaned it up and we had to ask if it was ready to sit back down at as he just walked off, #4 he didn’t even ask if we wanted to order another drink for her (or a complimentary drink for a child)! So I would say the service from that particular waiter was extremely poor, but we had a lovely lady later on. Something that made this better was that they brought out a birthday brownie and sang happy birthday, which was really nice if them. 
My boyfriend and I wanted to try the food for a while so decided to finally enter the restaurant. We were not greeted with 'hello', just 'table for two?' which was rude. We ordered our burgers from the lunch menu, and the bill came to approx £19, which for what it was, was overpriced. As shown in the pictures, the 'skinny fries' were so 'skinny' that they had no potato in them, and the chunky fries were near enough all batter, and there were hardly any of them! I ordered the chicken burger and I have attached a picture to show the so called salad in it - one piece of onion!  
heard alot about GBK's so decided to grab lunch here on a decent saturday with the family at Portobello .. tables unclean and disinterested staff .. got 2 wrong orders so no-one ate at the same time .. burgers really dry and mean looking .. totally unlike the juicy image .. the fries were the only decent things in our order .. really sad and unsatisfied with our meal and when relayed this to the staff got shrugged off .. there where 8 of us squished in to 2 small tables and none of us would have minded this if there was great food and a nice vibe with decent service .. got none of this !! .. would never recommend this place to anyone and after seeing the other reviews am surprised they are still in business .. way better places to go to for decent food out there !! 
Notting Hill branch used to be excellent but has gone downhill dramatically recently - greasy mess of burgers - they say they use dry aged beef - I dont think so! 
This place is nothing special. I have no idea why it appears on top 10 lists for london family restaurants on Google, Timeout, etc. 
Preceding a Jeff Beck concert we thought we would continue the theme with a trip to Bill Wyman's restaurant. The staff were polite & helpful, the food was good. Their Fajitas were not as good as we cook at home, but no-one has ever reached that standard! The BBQ sauce on the ribs had a hint of chilli, just enough to know it was there, but not enough to make it overpowering. The sundae was lovely as was the milkshake. I have given this a poor rating because the milkshake came with a plastic straw and the ribs came on a lump of wood instead of a plate (the waitress said if I asked I could have them on a plate in future - why should I have to ask?). We ate our meal at 2:00 in the afternoon & didn't need any more food until breakfast so portions were good, tap water was served in refillable bottles (that's why they got 2 stars instead of 1) . We wanted to do a direct comparison of this to the Hard Rock and it is somewhere we prefer, partly because the music was loud enough to listen to, but quiet enough to have a conversation. 
Comfortable seats on the right side but a bit oppressive place because of the loud (though obviously excellent) music and low ceiling. Very heavy food, including the heavily oiled vegetables and the overloaded nachos. Inattentive waiters. 
We just arrived from Sicily to meet some close friends for dinner at Mediterraneo. We had 4 children ages 11-15 and 3 adults. Words can't describe how impatient and completely rude the staff was. Huffing and puffing as they took our orders. Delivering all food (Apps, starters, and mains) all at the same time. And they Never came back to offer an additional glass of wine.  
I went with three friends,who have been eating here for years.All three are in their mid eighties. We were eating our meal when they tried to seat a party of four,plus very large pram at the next table.At no point did they speak to my friends,just tried to push them around to accomodate the pram. My friend was quite agitated by this,so I went to the management and complained. They couldn`t have cared less. 
Had lunch here today and have to say it's not great. The squid appears to be bought in pre-prepared and the accompanying chilli sauce is clearly a well known sweet chilli dipping sauce. The main courses admittedly showed more finesse but are overpriced for what they are. Dessert I would be surprised if this was home made. For the prices and reputation I would expect better. 
Not an experience to repeat. After wanting to visit for so long it was a real let down especially as I had built it up for my wife. 
Long term fans. Been a while since our last visit. However, service has deteriorated. Was not busy but took half hour to get a drink. Waitress did not even understand or comprehend a slightly unusual drinks order. Starters were good, although menu choice has reduced. Mains were okay. Ribs used to be to die for - the meat would fall over the bone. Unfortunately no more. Food was dry. Also, the jugs of cocktails and beer have vanished from the menu. The restaurant has lots it soul and lost long term patrons. Such a shame. A let down for my wife's birthday!  
I initially called up asking if i could use 1 taste card for 4 people (should of checked online to get the CORRECT information) but the guy on the phone said "yes you can use 1 taste card for 4 people". I then got to the restaurant and again asked the guy clearly and simply " 1 taste card 4 people" again he said "yes that fine".  
Having read the various reviews on this restaurant I was hoping for well cooked traditional Italian food. 
This was a favourite of ours and we have eaten in frequently on Friday or Saturday evenings. This time what a disappointment. We arrived promptly at 7 and we didn’t get our starters until 8.45! 
First the good: my daughter loved her hot dog and it looked delicious. Unfortunately that's where the positives end regarding the food. My kids got Coke Floats. I tasted one and wanted to gag - it tasted like soft ice cream substitute in Diet Coke. They drank them though. My son's hamburger was so burnt it was like cardboard. I got the salmon, which tasted a bit fishy but was okay, unfortunately the accompanying quinoa had no flavour at all, and the "courgette hash brown" underneath was disgusting and unidentifiable. The waiter was extremely apologetic and they took the fish and hamburger off the bill. No-one checked the bill though, because they still charged us the extra £ for the cheese on the burger and charged us the full £10 for the hot dog even though it was supposed to be discounted on a Monday. I let it go because there's only so much complaining a person can do in one hour. One of the most vile food experiences I've ever had. Sad, because the atmosphere and music are great, and our poor waiter was absolutely mortified. 
I have been in here once before and popped in on Saturday with my husband , on the off chance they had a table for 2, however not a good choice as it was where everyone picked up there take aways ,on a very busy night it felt like we was stuck in the middle of it . The service was very mad as it was quite obvious they were struggling to cope, so attention went out the window , some people we knew waited over half an hour for there table . The food arrived after an hour, although very tasty the portions were smaller than I've ever seen before , but what I was most displeased about was a small glass of Coke was £2.50 full of ice and poured out of a large plastic bottle of coke, so once again it was a small drink, the lager was also £5 . So it was too busy, not conducive to enjoy a meal, a haphazard service , a bit of con with the drinks . Would we go here again. No . Felt a bit conned. 
We booked Sticky Fingers for a girls day out lunch. Once we had ordered drinks the service was slow. We asked for a gluten free menu and the waitress said she'd let us know what was gluten free. A while later I went to the bar for the gluten free menu and was given a folder with allergen information in. The only things that were really gluten free were the burgers and they said they did gluten free burger buns. So we ordered a burger with a gluten free bun - sorry, we don't have any. 
I have been to sticky fingers previously all be it a couple of years ago due to living in Manchester, but it was amazing!  
Saturday night booking at 7 pm - kitchen struggling terribly.  
The location is nice and I understand the family-style Italian that they are aiming for. The food is average. Our mozzarella we had as a starter was average, and my pasta main course was ok. Nothing that would make me want to revisit. It's much too expensive for what it is. I would not recommend. 
Not sure why everyone is so enthusiastic. My experience was not positive; average service, long wait for food, average food. Also found it expensive. One good point was the Ragu pasta which is delicious. 
Came for dinner when the world cup was on and the staff were just glued to the TV which was on. They forgot the restaurant was open. We had to wait ages for menus, then for drinks and barely had a look in. Some people came in and walked out after waiting too long. 
Visited here with friends on Saturday before going to Olympia. We booked in advance after researching eateries in the area and we decided on Sticky Fingers. The reviews were mixed but I now wish I had listened to the not so good reviews as this was our experience.  
I have been going to this place for quite a while (basically every time I am in the UK) but I'm sorry to say that today was the last time. 
visited this restaurant on 05/12/2020 with friends, the foods in this place is very good, the service is a disaster, most of the time you will see the waiters and waitress chatting in bar area rather than the asking the customers if they want anymore more drinks. we were very disappointed we had to ask 3 times for our drink all we can see they were very busy talking to each others. the waitress inside the bar was very busy playing with her mobile phone. we were very disappointed with their service. 
We were seated quickly and served quickly and politely however, we had 2 soft drinks 2 glasses of wine 3 burgers and one hotdog, .......we were there for 45 minutes and the bill was £75.00 . I know this is London but still, my 13 year old daughter had a hot dog, just a hot dog bread roll and a frankfurter sausage and this was £9.50 with a tiny portion of fries costing an extra £3.50. Portion size versus price = terrible value !!!. I would not recommend Sticky Fingers or indeed return. We left feeling very disappointed with an empty wallet !! 
Came here with a large group of all ages and whilst some of the food was good, so wasn't so good. One of the party asked if they had a salted caramel milkshake on the menu, however waitress couldn't hear because of the loud music and bought a ridiculously large milkshake containing doughnuts and everything sweet! 
I visited this restaurant a few times when I was younger so on my current trip to London we were in the area and decided to go for a blast from the past. I honestly wish I'd left it in the past. 
Went here today after baby show at olympia the girl on the front desk lovely and friendly was seated quickly and brought menus. We ordered crispy shrimp and cod goujons to start they should of had them down for extra crispy batter and hardly any shrimp ,with the goujons dry with a wedge of dry shrivelled up lime the drinks we ordered was strawberry milkshake it was very small and barely enough for a child at £4.25 and a virgin cocktail same size but cheaper than the milkshake ??? The mains were just ok nothing special and the only thing I will remember about this place was the price a lot of money for food that was just ok oh and our waiter could barely speak English would never go back and would never recommend to anybody 
Given our great experience at Essenza, which is the sister restaurant of Mediterraneo, we decided to go for the more Trattoria experience and visit Mediterraneo when in Notting Hill a couple of weeks ago. In general I think one signs up for the noise and crowded restaurant when visiting a proper Italian restaurant, and Mediterraneo's food is - if not a 100% authentic - delicious and up to standard. 
I ordered mushroom pasta, it was edible but very salty with an unpleasant slimy texture. Carafe of wine tasted like cheap supermarket wine. Noisy atmosphere. Restaurant staff repeatedly suggested people wait for their tables standing around ours. They then tried to hurry us out the door. 
It is really very unfortunate, this used to be one of favourite restaurants in London. In the past 2-3 years, every time i went back yet another dish was downsized, first the tiramisu then the veal milanese and everything else, even became stingy on the bread, not to mention the service is no longer very good and it feels the waiters are constantly angry, they even once had a fight while we were having lunch. Really unfortunate. 
This restaurant is definitely trying to pull off a Hard Rock Cafe image (albeit only Rolling Stones memorabilia) but it just doesn't reach that standard. The cocktails were delicious and the staff were friendly but the food was average. My burger was really dry and bland - to the point that it was quite difficult to chew and swallow it with a mouthful of water. Other food was alright but nothing special. For what is being served, everything is very overpriced. Service was good until the end of the meal when the restaurant got really busy and it took ages to get the bill and then even more time to actually get it paid. Don't think we'd go back 
We used to really enjoy the food at Ivory Tusk, however feel that on our last visit the food as really gone downhill. The poppadoms didn't taste that fresh (bordering on a little stale once cooled), the starter of chicken tikka was minute with 4 small cubes of chicken for £4.50!!! The mushroom rice - very bland, lamb korma incredibly sweet (though my partner enjoyed it), and the lamb tandoori was very, very tough. Lamb jalfrezi had a lovely flavour but the portion is small. The garlic naan was good. We unfortunately wouldn't return again and hope that it was a once-off bad experience for just us as the owners are really friendly and hospitable.  
We visited the Ivory Tusk on Saturday night, 18th June at around 8pm. As always the food was excellent but the service has not got any better. We waited a long time for our order to be taken and then even longer for the starters and main meals. When we got the main meals they had got the nan bread order wrong. They brought the nan breads just as we finished the curry. We were told they would be taken off the bill, that is not the point and I would think so as they took them away. After being there 2 hours I complained as I was paying the bill and was told that they were aware that the service was not great this evening, the reason, too many takeaway orders. Well after paying £80 odd pounds maybe they should look after in house diners before takeaway orders. Not good enough Ivory Tusk! With at least 3 other Indian restaurants in Shepperton High Street I would expect better. Not sure I will give you another opportunity after being let down too many times now. 
On entering this pub, which is featured in the Good Beer Guide, you are confronted with a bland characterless room with nothing make you feel welcome and glad you came. To add to my despair the beer we had was very plain and tasteless. Unfortunately this is a pub where the prospect of leaving is greatly anticipated. 
Visited earlier this week with friends . We had sharing platters and a couple of extra dishes . Nothing really stood out except the extreme mark up on the wine ... nearly 20 pounds for a bottle that only costs 3.75 at the nearby Tesco ...  
We went for a birthday meal with close family around 8 people at roughly 9pm. 
Food was nice but coming with elderly family members is a no no can't park in front of kashmiri karahi had to park in other car park even when there was ample parking space in front of kasmiri karahi 
We went for a late Sunday lunch here. We knew it wasn’t exactly going to be fine dining, but the food was honestly such poor quality. I think we could have got the ingredients from Tesco and done a better job ourselves and with better quality ingredients. When the bill came, £50 for two, it was a lesson learnt. Don’t let hunger influence your better judgement. It would need a big change for me to go back. 
I have been here a few times for Sunday Lunch and it has been ok but nothing special. Today it was very disappointing, I had roast beef which had a great deal of fat on it and the cauliflower cheese had no cheese on it the other vegetables were rather sparse. My companion had pork which he said was ok but disappointed in the vegetables. We ordered sticky toffee for dessert, This took 20 mins to come and when it did the ice cream had melted and the pudding was cold. The waiter said he would bring certainly not for Sunday lunch.fresh ice cream but it never materialised and we left deciding not to go back again 
The Cock and Bull is my favourite pub in Sutton to have a decent Sunday lunch and watch the football but I was still looking forward to the refurb. What a disappointment! I've just walked in and straight out again. Who decided dark purple is an inviting colour? And no sport on! Way too dark and dingy to stay for a drink or a meal on a Sunday afternoon. Seems to be O'Neill's gain though - it's packed for the sport. It may work better in the evenings (the food is usually the best of the Sutton High st pubs) but am disappointed.  
After booking a table when we turned up there was no such booking. We then had to wait whilst several other parties were seated before us and all they could say was they didn't know why this had happened. 
I am disgusted at how myself and my husband was treated this week in the pub, it was my first time visting your establishment, and one of your staff, a shortish young man with black hair by the name of connor behaviour to myself and my husband was disgusting.  
I went here for a Sunday lunch with family have visited in the past (bout yr and half ago)and was happy but on this visit I ordered a Sunday roast which cost 12 pounds so was expecting a decent meal for that price. I waited aprox 18 mind which is acceptable for food but my bed was stone cold my meat was dry and very bland no taste at all and my your shire pud was rock hard like it had either been microwaved or left under hot lights for ages. My kids dinner was covered in way too much salt also overall was not happy with the food which is a shame as it is a nice friendly pub  
Gave their Curry night a try the other night not to impressed I expected a lot more considering even Wetherspoons have managed to make a success out of this. It’s just for this sort of price you don’t expect a luke warm Curry and a soggy samosa and judging by the other reviews I’ve read this problem extends itself to the Sunday lunches as well, on the plus side the staff where pleasant. Also stick to bottles or real ale for some reason the bubbles tend to leave the Larger glass after 5 mins. Not the worst experience I’ve had in a Pub in Sutton but not the best, and thank god the strange tobacco type smell has gone from the top of the stairs. Might give it a go later in the year as seems to change management quite regularly. But do bare in mind this only my opinion and you may have a far better experience. 
I really expected more from this place from the reviews and the price range. But in fact it was very average and surprisingly lacking of flavours. Too much cheese on everything, no spices. My friends dish was completely flavourless. The beans and rice that came as a side felt dry and pre-made. The guacamole serving was tiny. Also despite there being plenty of vegetarian options in the Mexican cuisine this place had very little to offer vegetarians. The Mexican mushrooms were nice though, £3.95 for four deep-fried mushrooms they better be nice. The added 15% service charge in top of poor food will make me never come back here. 
After moving into the area and loving curry I was looking for a new restaurant to call my local. I thought I would try the first one that we come across,what a mistake that was.service was ok ,food was average at best,price extraordary high£55 for a take away for 3.which when I got home was no better than a tesco curry for a fiver.what ever you do keep walking to the next one. 
I read good reviews of this restaurant so decided to give it a try on a weekday during lunch with one of my colleague as it's close to my office. The location of the restaurant is great with it being in the middle of a large park. As we entered, there was only 1 family seating and we had to literally knock on the kitchen door to get the server. We ordered Dal makhni, kadhai paneer, roti and aloo paratha. The dal makhni and paneer dishes were good but had too much oil for our liking. But the most disappointing dish was the aloo paratha as they had deep fried the paratha which was too oily to eat.  
We would agree with the previous reviewer...we thought that the food was bland, the place lacked any atmosphere and the service was appaling, culminating in an argument with the staff at the end of the meal !! 
I've tried this restaurant with some friends of mine and I won't go there again. The food was overpriced and didn't look or taste fresh. We ended up paying more than what we expected, without even ordering alcohol. 
The food is very sweet!!! Mixed vegetable side dish is frozen veg in a sauce,no where near authentic indian food.When complained the waiter said oh well.........not even a sorry which would have been nice.We won't be going back. 
Pros: good location and nice food 
The food was good at a reasonable value. Service was not great though, staff could be more friendly. 
We had so been looking forward to visiting Sticky Fingers, but was let down except for the very friendly and very effocient staff - the food was at best average and the plastic tooth picks and slightly work out interior etc left us with a not worth the price feeling 
Disappointed with quality of food. The hot dog I had was only saved by the pulled pork which was good. The two on us who had a dog thought the hot dog itself was unimpressive. The buns tasted over cooked which did not assist matters. 
Visited restaurant on a busy Saturday night and have eaten here before. Ordered Fajitas and enchiladas. Within one minute of being served our food we were asked by a waiter if our meal was ok. As we hadn't had time to taste it this seemed a bit presumptuous on his part. Then when we were half way through our meal a waitress asked us if we could move our table so a large party could sit down next to us. She knew from the look on my face this wasn't going to happen, but what an uncaring thing to ask customers who were eating! So they did not get a tip and we will not be returning, but I don't think the staff in this place could care less. 
Sticky Fingers is located in Kensington. A nice venue, still connected to Bill Wyman, former Stones base player. One of the waiters told us, Wyman only owns a few % of the venue. It is part of a larger company. 
I will always give 5 stars to this place as I always start my trip there in any Airport , but this time my visit at Heathrow T5 was unpleasant , they were busy and the waiter was really rude she left pice of plastic in my food and according to her colleague which he was a nice guy , her name was Lovely!!! I promise u there was nothing lovely about her !!!  
The first thing you notice is the poor decore. Depressing. The next is the badly dressed waiting staff who seem to have no idea how to serve customers. There was no prompt clearing up od dirty plates, they were trying too shove new dishes on a table already full of used stuff. The food it self can best be described as just about average. Our Sheekh kebabs were too full of oil and what appears to be artificial colour, leaking a yellow, watery colour on the plate. I ordered Fish Karahi. It was served as in a masala sause (!) nothiing like a Karahi, and it was the same sause as the chicken tikka masala we had ordered. All the sauses were too thick with the thickening agent. Nans and bread were good but was that really a paratha that my sister had? Lastley my wife ordered a Faluda. This was the worst she'd ever tasted. The vermicelli in it was too thick and too hard. Rubbish. The man who appeared to be the manager, seemed like he belonged in a mosque not a restaurant. That is not meant to be derogatory to the any Mullah, by the way, just that he did not lend to any restaurant atmosphere. I wanted not to pay the bill or at least not all of it but my sister said she would be embarrassed, so for her sake I did not complain but I will be phoning them. 
The restaurant is located in salt hill park hence nice surrounds. The staff were friendly and the setting / atmosphere was good . Went in a sunday afternoon . Ordered the chicken karahi and chilli paneer with basmati rice and naan. straight away could tell the chicken karahi had been reheated and was not fresh which was a shame as this totally ruined the experience . 
This place is dark and dingy inside and smelled very strongly of pickle vinegar. Staff had no idea where to sit us and it confused the hell out them them that we had a reservation. Ordered a cocktail for the happy hour menu, a diet coke and 2 burgers. Food very average, no ambience, and overcharged. Would we visit again .... No 
I haven't been to sticky fingers in a few years but went last week for an aunts bday. I had the squid to start and I was disappointed. It had minimal flavour, the batter it was fried in had gone soggy, it was a failure. For main I had the Cajun salmon, swapped the new potatoes for mashed and added some Mac n Cheese as a side. The mac was good but that's where that ended. The salmon was cooked well but very salty, the mash was a hard over processed building block. I was so disappointed I didn't order a dessert.  
We found a Frommer's Italian recommendation closed and my wife insisted we go nearby to this place. I could tolerate it, but it was not worth the money. 
Nothing like I expected. Living in Texas most of my life, perhaps my standards are a bit high when I can get the real thing almost every day. I would not waste my time going to try Texmex in London after this visit 
I mostly given poor rating mostly on service..the staff was so rude, mood, rushing us to order and even to finish, it wasn't even overly busy! They was just standing around otherwise..was so annoyed that there was a service charge because they didn't deserve it! Also when we paid for are bill the lady didn't return are change and took the mints that was meant for us to take but she just scooped them away. we ended up having to ask for are change and for a mint..we never once got asked how are food was either..only if we was finish or ready to order about 50 times! Looking over the shoulder and standing around off watching what we are doing? it was very uncomfortable! There was also woman that was just wearing normal casual clothes? in a orange top..we didn't realise she was stuff until she kept rushing us about are food! Only one person we liked was a short guy with a bald head who was on the door who was very helpful and cheerful! I think his name was David? If it weren't for him we wouldn't of even went in, because I wanted to leave soon as the first waitress came but that would of been rude. Will not be going back there... 
We went because a family member is a big Rolling Stones fan; and at the Memorabilia level they were happy. The food however was poor and expensive, and the cocktails were half strength at best. I had a burger which was over cooked and entirely underwhelming, and a fairly tiny pot of cool fries. If you like the Rolling Stones then you may find something good about this place; for me I'll give it a miss in the future. 
I went last weekend and the food was cold and bread was so hard .I don't like the place and will never go back again .plz don't go t.his place  
Quite interesting the another reviewer commented on the waiters watching the cricket, they were still watching it when I visited. The service was just ok. Food was fresh but VERY hot we ordered medium. Prices were cheap as chips. A little unprofessional but quantity and quality of food for the cost was impressive. Starters, mains and bread, rice & drinks £143, but got offered £3 off for cash. What? The detail on the back of the menu tickled me "All prices as per the menu unless otherwise" What? 
I have been here 3 times and have been happy with the food for the price. The chilli paneer, chops and chicken tikka are particularly nice. 
I asked my best friends to recommend the best Asian restaurant in Slough for quality of food and hygienic standards. I was directed to Kashmiri Kahari as a very popular choice, set in the middle of the park with great setting. 
I went to try this place and found its in the middle of a park, brightly lit in garish pink, the road to it is dark and a bit off putting, if you're on foot, as I was. 
Location: 
Following a recent business trip to California our team were really missing Mexican food. We decided to give Tex-Mex a whirl and made a staff booking for the eight of us on a weekday evening.  
The wait staff was very friendly but the food was just mediocre. The Queso was basically melted cheese and the chips seemed to be from a store. Also the quesadilla's were very dry. 
Given that there are a total of 4 Indian restaurants in Shepperton, there really is no need to visit here at all. 
We visited as a party of five on a Wednesday night. We have used the eat out to help out scheme on a few previous occasions and every other restaurant we have been in has been busy but not crowded. This establishment is hell bent on cramming as many people in as possible and there was no regard whatsoever for social distancing. Tables were crammed beyond capacity and there was no space between them. One of our party has been shielding and has only just started going out and we all felt very uncomfortable. Service was slow and sometimes quite curt, the coke and lemonade were as flat as a pancake but we couldn’t get anyone’s attention to query it. Food eventually turned up and was adequate but not as good as usual. Im sure the owners have enjoyed the profits they have made this month but need to realise they have lost a lot of goodwill. Really disappointing experience.  
Not a great experience. Everything very greasy. Had vegetarian food so unsure what the meat was like. Boss paid the bill so no idea what it cost - I assume it must have been cheap? 
Having recently ordered a take away from Ginger Spice I was disappointed to find that when the food had arrived it was only warm and not hot. Upon arrival we were also disappointed to find that one of our main dishes was missing. The starter Mix platter was a complete rip off too, there was hardly anything in it. All in all a disappointing Take Away. 
We visited early August, meal was fine however when the bill arrived we asked for the “eat out to help out” discount. To our surprise even though Ginger Spice is listed on the .Gov website as a participating restaurant they refused to offer the discount. Their lame excuse was they were “waiting for confirmation from .Gov”. 
This is our regular restaurant that we order Indian food from. The food quality is always good but today I had an unfortunate experience of incredibly unprofessional and bad customer service. We would usually call in our order and collect but due to covid the restaurant offered free delivery. We have ordered 4 times over the course of the last 3 months with no issues at all but today was an entirely different experience. On giving my postcode to the gentleman on the telephone I was told my postcode didn't exist (it was a new build 3 years ago, but we are definitely on Google maps now) I then went on to explain where it was and gave the full address, I could overhear another gentleman in the background saying very loudly 'im not going all the way there, it's far. We live exactly 2 miles from the restaurant and as previously stated have had no issues with delivery before. The person I was speaking to was very abrupt and made me feel like he was doing me a favour by arranging delivery. If my business wasn't wanted they should have gone and said so and I'd have ordered from elsewhere. I hope management picks this up as it's a good quality restaurant just unfortunate staff members. 
The food was lovely, shame about the service! It felt like they couldn’t take our order and get us out of there quick enough! They even started trying to clear plates away before we’d finished eating!! We won’t be returning, which is a shame because the food is very nice. 
Having been to the Albert hall to see a show and with the boys and myself being into the Stones we thought we would treat the boys to Bill Wyman's restaurant as they love his music. The staff were great and that's about as far as it went - the food was atrocious and my wife and I didn't even get our main courses. The toilets need a revamp and something to take away the stench of stale urine. The whole place could in fact do with a face lift. I don't know what went on in the Kitchen but put it this way what came out or the boys we wont be revisiting the place which is a shame as a big stones fan. 
Dull food, over cooked and poorly presented. 
We visited ginger spice in Brentwood on 22nd Feb and were so dissapointed. We arrived at seven pm and had a drink king cobra at £10 A time, we had starters wich were acceptable but had to wait three quarters of an hour for the main course and it wasn't that good. We were asked if we wanted a sweet but it was prepared and frozen previously and was NOT acceptable, we were then asked to leave the table as other customers were waiting, we were told to sit in the lounge and have a drink but there was no room so chairs were placed in a walk way and we were expected to sit there. We asked for the Bill and left it was disgusting treatment. NEVER AGAIN. 
The service was nice and friendly, made easier by the absence of customers. For the price you pay you expect delicious food. Champagne and salmon were good, caviar was tasteless. For a person who tasted caviar many times before, this most expensive item reminded of a lumpfish caviar. Not a memorable experience. 
Visited recently, with my husband and 2 children, for dinner during a weekend away for my son's 9th birthday. We booked online via the restaurant's website, which was a quick straightforward process. The reservation confirmation e-mail stated that the table would be held for 15 minutes after the booked time, but if you were going to be later than that to call the restaurant. On the day, we were running a bit late, but I knew it would only be a few minutes. Nevertheless I thought it best to call the restaurant. Our table was booked for 7pm. I called the restaurant at 6.45pm to say that we were running late but we would be there before 7.15pm. We arrived at 7.10pm. There were a lot of people waiting around the bar area and just inside the door. I spoke to the man on front of house, who said that our table would be ready in 10 minutes. I must have looked surprised as he then said, 'Well, I took you off the list when you called up'!? He said to grab a drink in the bar area. We moved over to the bar area, which was busy. I went back to front of house and asked for the children's menu, so we could at least be ready to order once seated, as my children were hungry and we were now going to be eating even later than anticipated. After 10 minutes, there was no sign of a table so my husband went to order some drinks. His beer and the children's water was served immediately, but we had to wait for my cocktail, as I assume it had been placed in a queue. During our wait in the bar area, a family of 5 came in, waited for 10 mins and were seated before us. Then a family of 4 came in, they also had to wait for 10 mins. I asked them what time their table was booked for, they said 7.30pm. It was now 7.32pm. I spoke to front of house again and the man gestured to a table in the centre of the restaurant and said the table was just being cleared. A couple of minutes later he returned and showed the other family to the table. The woman queried this with the man, who gestured to another table that was being cleared. At this point my cocktail was served! We were eventually seated at 7.45pm and provided with the main menus. Although we had already decided what food to order, I asked for 2 children's menus as I wanted to check the drink options and there were colouring and activities on the back for the children to do. After 5-10mins, there was no sign of the menus or our waitress, so I asked the man from front of house who happened to be passing for the children's menus, he nodded and went off. A few minutes later our waitress appeared and said they had run out of children's menus but she could tell us the options. We placed our order for food and drinks and waited. During which time the man from front of house came and asked me my name to confirm the booking in a very suspicious manner, which irritated me. Eventually we were brought a photocopied sheet of the children's menu (minus the activities on the reverse) and some crayons. The food took a long time to arrive, maybe 30 mins, but still arrived before our drinks! I asked about our drinks when the food arrived and they arrived a few minutes later. The banana milkshakes were excellent, but the Pinot Grigio not great. My son's cheeseburger was fine with a generous helping of fries, far more than came with our 'adult' burgers, which were fine, but nothing special. My 5 year old daughter ordered the children's mac and cheese, which was served in a small cast iron bowl which had been under the grill and was very hot, although no warning was provided to us when it was placed on the table (by a different waitress to the one who took our order) and she did burn her finger, albeit not badly. It came with 2 dry, burnt edged bits of garlic bread which she didn't touch. Pudding again took a long time to arrive, although it can't have required any cooking time. My children were very tired by this point, fortunately we were seated in a booth so they could recline a little! Our main waitress was lovely, very friendly and explained that the kitchen was busy and kept apologising. She was great with the children too. If it weren't for her we would not have paid the service charge but it seemed unfair to penalise her for the management's failings. The restaurant was very busy and all staff were clearly rushing about. There were many people waiting for tables and I overheard complaints of cold food, and food taking a long time to arrive. I noticed there were also Deliveroo deliveries being collected so maybe this exacerbated the pressure on the kitchen? On the plus side, the cost was reasonable for what it is and I liked the music. The children liked the motorbike on the way to the toilets (although the tap water was cold, as was the hand dryer when I used it)! Overall, a very disappointing visit and I wouldn't bother returning. It was meant to be a treat for my son, but ended up more of a chore than a treat. If the restaurant was that busy, I wish I had just been told on the phone that they couldn't hold the table and we would have walked the couple of minutes from our hotel to the plethora of restaurants on the Earls Court Road instead. 
Used to bring our kids here when they were little and had no taste, lol. Actually, it used to be fun and the music and atmosphere was good. Unfortunately time has moved on and this place seems to be resting on its tired laurels. Service was a bit lacklustre and the food, when it wasn't burnt or cold was very average. No healthy veg or salad in sight. The starters were good apart from the black guacamole which was replaced with little fuss. Staff made an effort to sing happy birthday to my 16 yr old daughter when they brought the free chocolate brownie but the moment was tarnished by replacing her name in the song with 'customer' even though we'd told them her name earlier. The bill was 10% cheaper because it was a Monday but in no way compensated for a very below average experience. Shan't be repeating the experience anytime soon. 
Stopped in for brekkie due to the big menus boards outside. Ordered a drink sat down tried to order breakfast was then told they only sold breakfast at the weekends. It was 10:30 in the morning. Surely common sense should prevail when someone comes in at that time after looking at the board that they may be more interested in breakfast rather than the £2.85 Diet Coke. That I didn’t finish as I really wanted breakfast.  
We have been to the Walton village many times infact I can see from my loyalty points since lockdown I have spent well over £300 here. Tonight the food was poor baked goats cheese was half edible and meat pizza with 4 pieces of pepperoni supplemented by a random bowl of undercooked additional pepperoni when prompted. Has something changed ? Other food was average 
The restaurant itself and the staff are lovely. Really nice, welcoming, friendly . The food is just average to be quite honest. After reading all the amazing reviews I expected much more. Sorry ginger spice. You are all lovely but the food is just not brilliant 
Has been OK before but the money pinching set menu (which us and others were not informed of) and poor selection with no vegan options on valentines day is a step too far. Has put us off returning somewhere we previously enjoyed due to being forced to eat something we did not want after booking a table with no notification of what was coming ! Management need to weigh lost customers against money pinching budgets. 
Going to pow for a long time but food and service has gone down the hill. When we went the owner was drunk and wasn't bothered with the service and food.  
Nowadays, one cannot get away with these old style so called Indians- when just 45 mins away and the city and central london you can get the real mcCoy 
Visited on Sunday afternoon, staff very friendly. Food poor and not worth the price paid. Ordered the multi meat burger, ok just a burger and small piece of chicken with a bit of lettuce and slice of tomato, had to pay extra if wanted chips. Nothing special, won’t ordered it again. The green burger, was a frozen burger with a drop of mayonnaise, a bit of lettuce, slice of tomato and avocado, completely tasteless. Lastly ordered Uber chips, £5 for a small bowl of frozen oven chips with a bit of pulled pork and cheese on the top. Unfortunately, I will not be returning, would not recommend due to poor quality of food. Lots of other places to eat on high street with better food for similar price.  
Although the restaurant was very clean and beautifully decorated there wasn’t much else to rave about. The poppadoms were full of grease, the Bombay potatoes were drier than the Sahara, masala was too creamy, madras wasn’t even hot and the naans were covered in oil. Won’t be visiting again as there are far better places in the area to visit. 
Takeaway was a great disappointment. We have been using Bamboo for takeaways for a few years and this is the first time we have to be critical. Starter - no sauce on the ribs - dry and uninteresting and chewy. Sweet and sour wantons - no sauce and just parcels of pastry. Crispy seaweed was uneatable. Worst I have ever had anywhere. Main dish - OK but chicken was chewy. We were really looking forward to this after a busy day but not good. Doubt we shall be back. 
On initial visit was impressed with the decor and ambience. 
First of all, restaurant looks really good. Striking modern look and decor. Look out for two price lists on shop front - takeaway and eat-in. Eat-in prices were probably to be expected for Bexley Village...not cheap but not too bad for Bexley. However there is definitely better food nearby. 
Visited Ginger on Saturday 7th April in a party of 7. When the food was served, one person's meal was under-cooked, another's chicken was very dry and hard, the chips were not cooked properly and inedible and some dishes were missing. To compound everything when the hot towels were brought, one was so hot my 16 year old daughter burnt her finger quite badly. When we complained the Manager appeared to laugh. 
I visited ginger spice with a group of friends, most of the staff were friendly and helpful but there was 1 who had a terrible attitude, I think he was a manager, when booking the table my friend was spoken to like dirt aswell, not really what you want from a restaurant.  
We were here in a Sunday night when the local Austrians seem to come. They singing Austrian songs accompanied by accordion and keyboard. Unfortunately, they did not know when to quit. The food was subpar; not authentic, small portions, high priced. A gratuity of 10% was automatically added on even though we were only 3 persons.  
What's happened? Soggy crispy duck. Dull chow mein. boil in a bag style pork with rice. I always think this place could be excellent. But settles for ok.  
Was here with friends on a Friday. The music, the atmosphere was great. The food - without a doubt the worst I have had in London for a decade. The snacks, rice balls etc were fine but the main course burgers and chips were, let's not be delicate, disgusting. 
I would not reccomend The Crown's catering service. 
I stopped using this restaurant because the food was getting worse and worse.Tried it again but sadly no improvement.If you eat in the restaurant it’s a totally different story to a takeaway. I think they send out any old rubbish for takeaways because there isn’t much you can do without a waiter to complain too. Inedible lamb chops stringy and inedible ochre king prawn masala 3 prawns? The list goes on.This isn’t the only India restaurant around here that does this they all seem to use the poor ingredients for takeaways. 
Ordered a takeaway very very poor, food was cold. Popadoms ordered arrived with one sauce and a pot of lettuce and they were stale! Starter squid ordered £4 for 4 tiny pieces soggy and cold squid. Used to be a good restaurant, would never order takeaway or visit this Indian again! Very poor quality food.  
I booked a table for 16 people for 7pm on a Friday evening for a colleagues leaving dinner (Restaurant had over a weeks notice) There were two specials 'available' in addition to the main menu. By the time we ordered around 7.15pm one special had sold out completely and there was only one portion left of the other one. Additionally, at least 4-5 options in both the starters and mains were not available. Very disappointing. We also had to wait over an hour for the food, which when it arrived was average at best. However, the band was good ! just a shame about the food 
As lovely as this place is the restaurant on Christmas day let it down, unfortunately I have allergies and twice I was given a meal that I shouldn't have been given, which left me paranoid about what I could or couldn't eat so my Christmas day meal was ruined and I went home hungry. When you pay good money you expect to receive good service. Allergies can be dangerous and I could have been seriously ill. Feeling very disappointed. 
The service could not have been better and the restaurant is lovely, but my filet mignon was tasteless. I’d asked for it to be served medium rare and it was medium. I made the decision to just roll with it because the wait for my meal had been long (my server had forewarned me) and having it served medium shouldn’t have destroyed the flavor of a good filet. It wasn’t a good filet. As a friend would say - it was gut furniture. I was hungry and it filled me up. It was incredibly expensive gut furniture. 
Had a meal here whilst visiting been here several times before but never been fantastic for food.. but even worse this time as the price of the food is very high for basically terrible food...!!!  
Just had a takeaway - lazy, really really lazy!!! The garlic naan is not a garlic naan - it is a plain naan with a really cheap nasty garlic paste spread on it, really not nice and really lazy of you. Other Indians put proper garlic in the bread. 
Pub looks pleasant enough, menu also looks nice. Food on the other hand is poor quality. Steak small, tough with lots of gristle. Fish and chips swimming in fat, chips frozen. I mean come on 1/3 of every meal is chips at least try and make them good chips! 
I wanted a quick tasty lunch and as I'm off to Malaysia later this month I chose Uncle Lim's. My selection of salt & pepper squid and sambal prawns sounded great but this counted as a large meal, which came with rice or noodles and a soft drink for £7. The noodle serving was fairly large but a mean portion of squid and maybe 6 prawns. Nothing really had any flavour - maybe it was the anglisized version. I also found it very greasy and left most of it. No glass either to pour the can of coke into.  
Used to be a regular, up until a year ago, then night before London Marathon, shared a Kung Po chicken and rice with my wife. Both had the squirts the next day, made for an unpleasant marathon! Had not used for a year until last night, I had beef in black bean sauce, which was nice, but we ordered chicken satay starter and it was pink. Not just pink, but raw and still cold in middle. Very Poor, wont be going back. 
Took my family here including my vegan daughter who ordered vegetable masala. When it came and my daughter cut in to it it was chicken. 
I wouldn’t stay here again. No one at reception on arrival so had to call the telephone number and ask to be checked in. Very loud all night long so had a terrible nights sleep. Extremely uncomfortable bed. Breakfast was a shambles. Rude staff, expected to sit at table with the person befores left over breakfast and use their left over milk. Shocking selection of continental. Only plus was big car park and clean big room. 
Overpriced for the quality and quantity of food that you get. Service was quite slow and waitress frankly was rude when I questioned the standard of food.  
For the price it was poor. Totally over priced for a bit of steak that while tasty was greasy! Chips just so-so. ‘ 
I visited this restaurant a year ago and loved it. Although on returning this month the service was appauling. The waitress was shouting and was huffing whilst we were choosin our food however we were the only ones in the line. My nan wanted the fish however there was no fish in the tray just the sauce and onion, the sweet and sour chicken was awful, the poor quality of chicken and the rice wasnt nice at all. When looking at the options none of them looked appealing. Even my two year old who would eat noodles for every meal, took two mouthfuls of them and spat them out. The value for the amount of food we had was spot on. However being up all night, and violently sick was not what I paid for. The three of us were very poorly.  
Been here a number of times and it's a mixture of good and bad. It markets (and prices) itself as being higher end. The reality is not that. The bar area and the garden are nicely appointed, there's plenty of bar staff and a reasonable choice for beers. There's food which I've never tried, but which takes up a lot of tables, so if you're drinking and/or watching the bands they have on at weekends then basically it's standing room only. The kitchen is behind the band stage so there are often serving staff walking through the band (see picture). Something of a mood killer, they've also put a window to the kitchen behind the band stage now so you'll have them rocking out and one of the chefs picking his nose (figuratively speaking) in the background, unless they happen to have a backdrop. The bands seem to play shorter sets than they used to as well, starting at 10, which is quite a late start, especially when they then close before the advertised time. 
Jalsha used to be the ‘go-to’ restaurant for most people that I know in Sidcup, with friendly staff and excellent food to match. But this must have been well over a year ago now, when I initially reviewed the restaurant raving about how fantastic it was. These days, it is no more than a mediocre money maker that is filled with staff who seem more concerned with getting you out of the door than bringing you in. 
Rang this place to see if football was on sky at 12.30pm told no as rugby on at 2.30 .Then said ok wele put it on .Went had food and drinks which was nice then at half time a lady without asking changed channels.Asked told we have to put rugby on ! It was a preview not a live game with no sound ! Typical southern Surrey hospitality ! Would care it was Wales !!! 
We have been going to the Jalsha for years as well as having takeaways delivered from there. The owners and waiters have changed and sadly not for the better. Over the last year we have found the waiters to be offhand, rude and generally disinterested. The only exception to this is the older waiter who has worked there for years. He is the only one who greets you as a regular and treats you With courtesy. We decided to give it another go last week and the waiters were all extremely rude, offhand, and disinterested. One of our party asked about a dish but the waiter just grunted and pointed aggressively to the menu. They got our order wrong but tried to insist we were wrong until they checked the order. I just managed to grab my full glass before he shoved across it otherwise I would have been soaked. Coffee was a joke as he could not get it that 2 of us did not want cream - he expected us to drink them regardless but eventually came with new cups to give us the coffee we had asked for. At around 10pm they started hoovering the restaurant and moving furniture despite there being 2 other tables as well as us still eating. 
I was part of a large group organised by a local company. We have been sitting upstairs in a separate room which was very nice. 
For over 15 years my family and I have eaten at the Jalsha, ordered takeaways and been very fond of the staff and food (it USED TO BE the best Indian restaurant in Sidcup) however, since the new management this has all changed. 
Waited an hour for main course, food is only acceptable there are far better. Have used for 5 years and it has gone down hill. Service is poor, wrong drinks to table and followed by wrong bill. An hour for food in a half full restaurant. Onion salad for poppadoms was old. 
Not impressed ... very expensive and food gone downhill...trying to be posh nosh but not impressed I'm afraid. 
New Year reunion with old friends. Surroundings a mix of pseudo rustic and chain restaurant conservatory style. Menu looked OK. I opted for the blackboard 'special' of venison steak with potato dauphinoise and cabbage. It looked OK at first sight but on closer inspection the venison would never have been identified as such as it was a pale, thin piece of protein draped over the potato with the cabbage on top. The fact that it was tasteless was,I think, a bonus. One of our group had to ask for a sharp knife to tackle it. Other members of our group with different options also had disappointments. None of us would choose to disturb the ambience of our reunion by complaining as we are all too polite. Could do better. 
My family have been ordering our Saturday night take away from the jalsha for years. The food is good and the services used to match this. However, recently when we make our order there tends to be items missing once it arrives. A few times we have let this slip but last weekend we ordered (and paid for) an extra large onion salad. As it had happened before we decided to ring them to tell them it was missing. And instead of saying they would send one round to us straight away, they simply said they would give us extra NEXT time we ordered, and they were not apologetic in the slightest. I appreciate that they were busy and that the salad is not a major part of our take away, but as we paid for it, and it has happened more than once, I expected better service to rectify THEIR mistake, especially as we are loyal customers. Due to this, we will no longer be ordering our take away from the jalsha and they have lost a very loyal, consistent customer.  
We have been coming here for years and have always loved it. The Sunday menu is fantastic, and we have often celebrated special occasions at the Jalsha. 
We were at a friends party for 60 people a buffet was served but the quality of the food wash not good. The mini burgers were cold and the friend chicken very greasy. The youngman serving behind the bar upstairs in the function room was a complete joke he was trying the impress by throwing the bottles in the air and pouring drinks from a foot from the glass and twice smashed glasses he thought he was cool but looked such an idiot. 
Recommended to come here for the steaks. The service was very good and the lady was very efficient. Everything was very good other than my steak which had a over large amount of fat and gristle so totally spoilt it for me. Shame as I love a steak and after a very good day. Was a let down. 
We were here last week with friends.  
I have visited this restaurant regularly after my first review and was very happy with the food and service BUT Last Friday my impression has changed dramatically and the reason is that a Vegetarian that I am could have been made a Non-Vegetarian. 
We had dinner in the restaurant, the food came out rather fast. I had order honey roast ham and it came out as a whole leg of pork, I couldn't belive how big it was. It was nice ham but the portion was far too big. The chips that came with it were very bland and had no taste to them. The servers spent most of the evening chatting and the food and drink was over priced. 
We have eaten at the Crown twice since it has been refurbished, the first time was when it had just re-opened. The evening meal was fairly average, but overpriced and although there were still people eating in the restaurant, the staff were walking through carrying black sacks of rubbish. 
Really would not recommended the Jalsha. It used to be fantastic but it appears to have changed quite a lot. It’s a really expensive meal whether you eat in or get a takeaway. The most we have paid for a takeaway in the area and the food is worse rather than any better! Rather tasteless curry and on the last delivery one meal was missing. We waited ages for them to bring this along meaning one person ate on their own. Quite adamant that the missing meal was missed off the initial order completely and so on arrival this was paid for separately. Not the best experience and I wouldn’t return again. 
I was in knightsbridge for dinner time and had not much time to spend. So i decided to try Hawksmoor's hamburger, which i previously red some very nice review. 
A menu that gives the impression you're going to get a great pub meal, it sounds great and is "reassuringly expensive"  
Service was excellent. Meal very inferior. Steak was cold. Chips tasted old. Brussel Sprouts were raw. Sent them back and still raw. Food is much better at Blacklock. Very disappointing. Will not be going back. 
Attended on Saturday 23rd August with a friend and two dogs. My friend had booked a table and advised we had two dogs with us. When we arrived, we were advised we were booked into the restaurant but we couldn't take dogs into restaurant! Luckily we were early and able to get a table in the garden. We waited for quite a while before my friend went into the bar, asked if someone could come and take our order. She was told someone would be out shortly. We waited and waited, eventually a young lad who appeared to deal with someone else, took our order when we asked (after saying he was only doing bar service)! My friend and I ordered burgers and a starter to share. After waiting again, we received the starter and the mains together and the chips were cold!! The final nail in the coffin of our visit was hearing the psycho music as we left! As we both work in customer service, The Crown was a negative masterclass in what not to do. 
My husband and I decided to have an early evening drink and supper at the Crown Hotel at 7pm last night.As usual the drinks were expensive but the beer excellent.We both ordered the sea bass that came with new potatoes and broad beans.It was terrible...the fish was overcooked and actually cold and tough, and the broad beans dotted round the edge of the plate were cold, hard and leathery.I complained and eventually our food was taken away and we declined any offers of another choice from the menu(didn't fancy anything else from whoever was supposedly cooking) We and asked for, and received, a refund.The staff throughout were very polite (maybe it happens often) but the food was bland and inedible, so we will not be eating there again.As for value for money?..no this was not, as the two meals came to £33 not to mention the costly price of the drinks.Bizarrely we were refunded £33.90 for our trouble !! 
As it says in the title Good but not that Good ,The Steak was Not worth the £45.40 price tag at all , A lot better value and better steak at Henry's in Piccadilly , 
Met up with friends for Sunday lunch at Jalsha, a large establishment that can clearly cater for plenty of customers in terms of seating...in terms of service time not so. There were about a dozen people in total when we arrived, staff were not particularly engaging especially the older waiter (Owner/Manager?). Fish Tandoori (pieces of fish cooked in the tandoor) as a starter conjured up an enticing dish in the mind, at my usual eatery it is a Tilapia Filet served on a hot bed of cooked vegetables. Here it was was a joke - 2 small bits (Strips) of salmon about 3 inches long by 1/2 inch were served with a bit of sad looking salad. 
We have been going to the Jalsha for about 18 years we used to go there when it was in Sidcup high street, the last time we went was New Year's Eve but never again, they have become rude and just want you in and out, the owner is rude and stands there sighing whilst taking your order as if to hurry you up! We kept going and saying that's it we won't put up with rudeness anymore and the last time was New Year's Eve where the staff especially one of the managers was very rude. We haven't been back since and we never will!  
I totally agree with and echo the views of Kevin C . Choas reigned at the reception area. I was told the evening would be a la'cart and was very disappointed to be offered a rather tied and limited set menu when I arrived at the restaurant. 
Six of us ate at the restaurant on Saturday 14th January 2017, the food came up only warm, my wife ordered sizzling chicken Tikka (Never came up sizzling, just on a plate) the sheek kebabs were so small it wasn't worth serving up. We have ate many times before at this restaurant, and always been good but, unfortunately, it is now too busy and the staff cannot cope. 
I've been here before, and always thought the food and range of drinks were great - I knew it was expensive, but not quite as much as when I most recently went. I'd attended with my great aunt, and before I'd arrived she'd been offered the most expensive drink on the menu without any suggestion of how much it would cost. When we'd queried the cost, we were met with such defensiveness, it took me by surprise. The price might have been on the board, but with an elderly lady not able to read it, I'd not expected to be met with hostility when we raised concerns. I think a good measure of service is how you're treated when something is deemed to have gone wrong, and in this instance I feel we weren't treated well. Again, can't fault the food, but the service has left a sour taste 
I was expecting great steak. 
We’re regulars at the fabulous Hawksmoor Manchester restaurant, so when we booked a trip to London for the proms Hawksmoor was the natural choice. 
A restaurant that’s empty at lunch time on a Friday is a worry nonetheless I decided to give it a go and ordered the New Italian Job burger, when it arrived some 20 minutes later (I’m the only guest) it was full of hot water and burned the side of my mouth. It lacks any taste, and for £11 for the burger on its own is poor value. 
Not as good as it used to be. During lockdown, food was ordered as a delivery & arrived cold. 
I went to this restaurant when it opened. The food and service has changed as follows. 
We visited this place on a Sunday for lunch. Not a warm welcome, the main dining room was awfully hot (with not even a fan to cool it down). I had sashimi, which was very average (nothing bad, but not outstanding). One of the side that was supposed to be pickles, was just slices of raw vegs. On the plus side, the price set is reasonable. However, the place also lacks atmosphere and doesn't look very well maintained.The lady that I assumed was the manager was so unfriendly while taking our order, a jail guard would have been nicer! Wouldn't particularly recommend it (there are much nicer places on King street for the same price) 
There was no one in this restaurant Saturday evening.. 
Had been to the Ginger Restaurant in Gidea Park, which is under same ownership as this one, and that was very good so was expecting the same from Ginger Lounge. 
The restaurant has changed hands, twice now we have been and the chicken tastes cheap and as if it is about to go off. Very disappointing as it became our favourite Indian restaurant. 
I have been to Hawksmoor before but different branch in Air Street. So i have booked table at Knightbridge branch as more closer to my house for Sunday 01st jul at 9pm. We had Vietnamese oysters for starter and porterhouse steak for main. Im abit disappointed with service but not as worst as my friend. She got bad stomach after that night. we quite sure it was from the oysters. She had diarrhoea since 11 - 12 o’clock on Sunday till today. We have to cancel our trip to Cotswold. We love oysters and always have it in different restaurant and never have any problem with it. Im very disappointed that this happened in the restaurant such your standard and price tag! So be careful if you going to order Oysters here. 
Rude service. Food is nice, décor is lovely. When I called to book the booking taker was having a conversation with his colleague and laughing all over what I was saying and not listening to me so I had to repeat myself. When I dined with my friend we were told the set meal price for the banquete night and that is what we ordered. They put extra on our bill and refused to take it off. I argued my ground as I was actually right and it eventually was taken off. This totally ruined my dining experience and for that reason I will not be dining here again! 
Delivery unreliable: order at 6.40, due for delivery between 7.30 and 8, I call at 8 and am told they will not deliver before 8.30 because they are too busy and if I cannot wait I can cancel, too late to cancel so I just wait and see... 
Unfortunately really good Japanese food is totally let down by uncaring and sometimes rude service and poor time management in the kitchen. The unpleasant service experience coupled with the high prices left us feeling cheated and definitely not valued as a paying customer. The food here is probably some of the best Japanese in Southwest London, and, as it's one of our locals, I always insist on returning because they do a lot of the home style meals I remember my (Japanese) mom cooking for me, plus I could get more "exotic" dishes, like sushi, sashimi and tempura, which are more difficult to cook well at home. However, this last time will probably be our last. There are two servers on duty handling all the tables plus the take away service, and they do not seem interested in welcoming the customers, or even increasing the margins by making sure you are able to order more drinks. When we made a complaint about one of the dishes which didn't come as described, we received a number of excuses about how they had run out so they had replaced it with something equivalent. In the end they took that off the bill, but it was an unpleasant conversation. When asked about whether an order was on its way, after waiting for 25 mins and no assurances or service of any sort during these 25 mins, they told us that the kitchen was very busy. (I hate this excuse, because I always think that this is what a restaurant is in business for - to have lots of customers and a busy kitchen!) we had interactions with both servers, and both were definitely not happy. We could only guess that they were probably overworked and not well paid, and did not enjoy their jobs. They were unwelcoming and one was actually quite rude. When we paid for the meal (£85 for two with 2 beers each) we said to take the service off, and there was no response. We asked whether they wanted to know why we were disappointed, and they didn't seem to care, but just wanted to get us out of the restaurant. I know that Japanese food can be expensive, and I don't actually mind paying high prices for good food, but it has to come with a good experience too, not as if they are doing you a favour by cooking it. I think the main issue is that there is no one on duty with a vested interest in the success of the restaurant, like a manager or the owner. Interestingly, I was surprised to find that none of the poor reviews on trip advisor had been responded to, and this just confirms my belief that the owners don't really care about customer service. This will hurt the business in the long run, and it's a shame, because they've got the most difficult bit (the food) right. But they've got the service, which should actually be easy, completely wrong. 
Cost £50 for a couple of beers, a few (very small) skewers and a mixed tempura. They couldn't have put smaller pieces of chicken (well I think it was, as under the thick syrupy teriyaki sauce it could have been anything) on the skewer if they'd tried. Has high prices considering it looks like some regular cafe and with all the competition there is just down the road in both Hammersmith and especially Chiswick High Rd we won't be going again. To cap it all we still felt hungry afterwards and has to stop at the local chippy on the way home ! 
We have used this restaurant for takeaways for many years and were really looking forward to last night's meal as we hadn't used it for a few months. However, we were really disappointed to find things seem to have changed. The onion bhajis were cold and not crispy as they usually are, the naan bread was cold and soggy and two of the mains were so sweet it was like having a pudding with our rice! Both of these main dishes had tons of sauce and it appeared to be to disguise how little meat was included as in the chicken tikka massala we ended up playing 'hunt the chicken' and found exactly 3 pieces!!! The only saving grace for the food was the chicken tikka...this was good with a good amount of chicken, but it had to be as there was nowhere to hide the quantity as it is a dry dish. The final insult was you get a free bottle of wine with a takeaway order over a certain amount which was offered, but when we asked to swap the white for a red we were told: "We do not have any red wine." Really??? There is nothing on the advertising that specifies it has to be white wine and I'm not sure what the issue was as they usually change it without a problem. It's safe to say after many years of enjoyable meals from here we will be taking our business elsewhere in the future. 
Now to caveat this is a review based on a take-away and not a dine in but to be honest the food was measly portioned and bland, so much so it was difficult to differentiate between the dishes. 
I usually order from this place a lot but will no longer be using them. I placed an order and when it arrived it was incorrect. I phoned them and was told that there is no way the order is wrong because the manager himself packed it. I assured him that I had ordered the dish before and this was certainly not it. He then told me that the dishes were very similar as if to talk me out of wanting my original dish. He explained that they could send me another one but they taste very similar anyway in a patronising manor and asked me to describe it and then compared it to the other choice.  
I recently took my boyfriend to Tosa as a birthday treat as he loves the grilled sticks here. We ordered 2 starters, he ordered from the grill (and some rice) and I ordered sushi. 
Me and 4 male friends went here for the first time on a Friday night. As the restaurant has just started up we expected the food to be good and indeed it was. I gave my lamb madras 8 out of 10. My friends were equally impressed with their food. It is there the compliments end. I found the menu difficult to read, the print was tiny in the dim light and light reflected of the plastic sheaths the menu pages were in. Waiters came across as surly though not rude, they dont appear to have been trained. We got asked quite a few times if everything was ok. Being a Friday the restaurant was full and incredibly noisy. I couldnt understand or even hear the waiter at the end of the table and a table of ladies near us appeared to be shreaking at each other at the same time at times. The whole experiance was tiring, I couldnt wait to leave.....AVOID. 
Went with husband and food was good, service ok. Went with friends food not so good, saw my dinner being warmed up in microwave, rubbery prawns not good. Service is a tad abrupt when ordering food and orders slow to arrive. Nothing special!! 
Received a tub full of mussels and one prawn with noodles. Don't think the food is bad just found it odd perhaps no care was taken. Might give it another chance just not anytime soon. 
Food fab it’s just such a shame the service is sooooo slow. 40 minutes just to get a drink is just too long. 
This used to be such a lovely restaurant and we were regular visitors. Sadly the last two or so visits have been a real let down.  
We have visted Mejeena before and were very impressed. So with great anticipation, we decided to walk the canal route from Woking to Weybridge for dinner, approx 7 miles. 
Very crowded place with no privacy at all, meat was ok but rather cold, sides were disappointing and price shocking for what we got. However service was good and friendly. 
Garden Bar. 
Me and my colleagues were attending a congress near this pub this weekend and our lunch break was booked in this place for both days. 
We had an appointment in the area so we stopped in for a drink to kill some time. Bar staff, think he was the manager, wasn’t terribly friendly, even asking if they were open seemed like too much trouble for him.  
I'm normally a regular at Walnuts however I think that this visit will be my last, which is disappointing. 
Visited the walnuts today and decided to sit outside in the sunshine, however despite various waitresses coming and going to take orders and clear tables we were completely ignored. After about ten minutes I looked in to see five waitresses just standing chatting, we got up and left to go elsewhere and will not be returning 
Really wanted to like this as it looked good and the reviews are positive. Got a takeaway of two mains, rice and naan. The naan was nice enough but the main dishes were really poor. The lamb dish had four or five small pieces of lamb swimming in a sea of oily sauce. For almost £10 it was extremely poor value. The flavours were ok but not delicious. It is not an exaggeration to say that high quality supermarket curries are better and significantly cheaper. We felt ripped off and disappointed. Sorry. 
Family visit on Sunday evening looking forward to street Indian food. The food came and whilst it was well presented it’s taste was less than mediocre, we all ordered the Indian Garden drink which was the best part of the meal, it’s advertised on the menu in a tall glass but came in a tumbler about the same size as a teacup; this cost £4 far too high for size of the drink. At the end of the meal to add insult to injury the waiter started to clear the table and spilt yoghurt on the table and whilst clearing it he managed to splash 2 of us not once but twice, he did apologise but it was most unprofessional!! Needless to say we will not be going back. 
When you come in it looks all very authentic, was really Looking forward to my dinner. I choose the £25 set menu. Unfortunately the quality was very poor. Lamb was not good, the spicy chicken wings were poor. Everything was bland, tasteless’ you can have so much better Indian food for less money. £25 for a set menu doesn’t sound expensive but the portions are very small. Also this set menu is not a single pound cheaper if you order everything seperately, this is what I found out when I was back in my hotel. One time is certainly more then enough for me. Defintely not recommended. 
Had dinner here with my husband, the food was quite nice nothing outstanding, but the service was very slow and there was no apology or explanation. 
This was a second outing to this restaurant for a Sunday lunch and the findings were diffcerent to my initial visit. Greeted very friendly with the drink and main orders taken very promptly by a very good waitress with the room evenly air conditioned on this particular hot day. 
The food at this restaurant was tasty and well presented- but the service was terrible . We really felt that nobody cared about us !! No warmth from staff and service time was dreadful and the restaurant was nearly empty !! 
Just been to Walnuts for a breakfast. Having been before and never had an issue there at all, am very shocked at how our visit went.  
Recent takeaway of chicken and bacon baguette and cappo. 
Whenever I am visiting London, I stop by Wagamama to either lunch or dinner. This time was not different yet we decided to try the branch located next to our hotel on High street Kensington and we were surprisingly disappointed. 
This restaurant seems to be very busy especially during summers. We went to have lunch on a Sunday. The waitresses are extremely polite and hence the reason for having 2 stars instead of a 1 star. They seem to have a lot of shakes and juices. I did see the way a shake (probably banana shake) was prepared which was by mixing milk with 2 scoops of Walls Vanilla ice cream and the finishing by probably adding a bit of banana on top . This didn't seem appealing. This made me think that i may have an 'unhealthy' shake rather than a disguised unhealthy shake. I ordered an Oreo shake which was very average (if not bad). We ordered pasta and chicken breast. I would rate the chicken breast as probably one of the worst meals I have had . The breast was very hard, over cooked, chewy and extremely thin (half the thickness of a slice of bread). We did tell the waitress who was extremely polite but nothing was done except telling us that's the way a chicken breast should be ie overcooked and hard and almost non edible. 
We ordered a meal for 4 last night on Meejana's (new?) online takeaway service. Ordering was easy and the 10% discount for using the service was a nice perk. Received a confirmation quickly telling us our order would be available to collect in 30 minutes. However that's when things went downhill - on arriving to collect the takeaway it was clear the restaurant was extremely busy. Things seemed a bit chaotic and disorganised. We were told our order was just being prepared but we then had to wait an additional 45 minutes for our order - so received our food 1h 15 mins after ordering, and it was only lukewarm when we got it home to a very hungry family. Please Meejana, be more realistic about your takeaway collection times, or perhaps don't offer this service when your restaurant is busy. Such a shame.  
Having eaten here before a couple of years ago and enjoyed it, it was a very different experience on our return. Maybe our mistake was to go with one of the Meze options, but we were very disappointed with the quality, nothing like we remembered. On the Saturday night we visited, there was only one waitress serving both food & drinks and it was a good wait before we were seen too, not a great start! Unfortunately things didn't really get any better, additional items we ordered were forgotten, additional items that we didn't order were delivered! All in all a very disappointing experience, not one we will be repeating anytime soon. 
Despite the restaurant being almost empty (only 3 small tables occupied), the service was slow - twice I had to get up to ask for more wine / to pay the bill.  
We have dined on multiple occasions at Meejana over the years and have always overlooked the somewhat leisurely service, mainly because the food is so good. However on this particular occasion, the overall experience was so farcical that I feel obliged to recount the tale to others so they may make their own opinions as to whether it is worth enduring for the quality of the food on offer. 
I was excited about trying this restaurant, we were 4 people, i ordered the Chateaubriand with my friend and asked for it to be rare on 1 part and medium rare on the other. After a very looooooooooong wait for our food (we didn't have starters) the waitress turned up with well done/medium which is my idea of hell! She did offer to cook another piece, but as we waited so long initially, i declined. considering the prices and the tone of the restaurant, i was incredibly disappointed. I won't be returning or recommending 
Five of us decided to go to the Meejana for a meal. One of the couples with us had been on quite a few occasions and had already booked two more visits. My partner and I had been a few times before but not within the last year. 
The food was ok (there were quite a few options on the menu unavailable) but the service was very scatty and poor.  
I love this cafe, I visit with family, friends and colleagues and it's always good. So what has happened? Went for Sunday breakfast with my family. It was busy, which is normal. We found a table and ordered drinks. The waitress came for our food order and we ordered. Drinks arrived...........then we waited and waited and waited. We chased up the food and we're told it was coming. We waited......we were asked by a different waitress if we wanted to order??? We complained, she investigated, we waited. People who arrived after us continued to be served. Eventually, the head waitress came and apologised, told us they had found our order but that there was now a few people in front of us??? We had been waiting 45 minutes, why wasn't our order pushed to the front? We were offered free drinks which we accepted. When the food did arrive, they forgot my sons toast and the eggs royal was cold ............ Our bill was for food only as a sorry and there was a lot of sorrys, but no explanation was given as to why our order was missed. What a shame. 
Had a Birthday celebration here, service was slow and the food wasn't served to all diners at the same time. The Mezze was a rip off, spent £22 per head and the portions were tiny. Watch out as the bottle of water they bring to the table costs you £4! and it is filtered water at best. Had to query the bill and it took ages for the manager to work it out himself! Got charged 12.5% service charge...rip off..go somewhere else and get better food and better service! 
Went on a Saturday lunchtime. The waitress was lovely, the beer was cold and the duck gyoza was awesome. However it was downhill from there. The pork ribs were horribly fatty, my chilli men was spaghetti with chilli and my wife's beef brisket terriakyi was dry chilli beef with carrot, leaves and cold rice. We also now realise that Saturday lunchtimes double as a crèche.  
Decent food at slightly over inflated prices. If you listen to people in the local area rave about the place you'd think it was The Ivy. Conditions are cramped but I suppose that this is a testament to its popularity.  
We finally went to this place after living near by for about ten years, it was over priced and ordinary and very disappointing really. 
We have loved this restaurant but last night, oh dear...it all went wrong. 
I thought this was supposed to be a Lebanese restaurant but both the ambience and the food said otherwise. The food was not terribly well presented but reasonably good. However it did not resemble anything I have ever eaten in my numerous visits to Lebanon. The wine was Lebanese and very expensive. Overall a disappointment. 
The food and drink selection at Hawksmoor is always good but this trip to the Knightsbridge location was quite disappointing from a service perspective. To top it off, the server argued with me that they did not accept Apple Pay. I paid for a much more expensive dinner here last month with Apple Pay and it is listed on their website as an accepted payment method but that is besides the point. The server should never argue with the customer. The experience left a bad taste in my mouth and while I might still visit the other Hawksmoor locations again, I will not be dinning at the Knightsbridge location again anytime soon.  
Have been to Walnuts many times since it first opened. With Sue at the helm it was faultless, the same cannot be said now. Won't be going back, despite the food still being good, the service is too poor - frustratingly slow and disinterested staff, shame because it used to be my first choice of all the Sidcup cafes. 
I have just come back in from going to Meejana restaurant tonite ... I was in a group of eight and we ordered the meze after discussing it with the waiter .,,  
We went for lunch - service although not unfriendly, was businesslike at best; none of that Lebanese joviality was evident. Value for money? Definitely not - some prices were higher than Central London ! 
Just got back from a very disappointing meal. The restaurant itself is very nice and good atmosphere, interesting interior. We shared a hummus starter, that was ok; I ordered the vegetarian main of Barmieh with rice - okra in rich tomato sauce. This was very rich and gloopy and rather over priced for what you got in the little bowl. He ordered lamb tagine - the lamb was nowhere near tender enough and was just warm, whereas the vegetables and sauce it came in were extremely hot. There was not much of it either; He was very disappointed, especially as that cost £19. And to top it off, the second beer was warm, (and just to let you know, we did tell the maitre d' ) - enough said ! 
As a fusion restaurant I don't expect strict adherence to traditional recipes. However when I order a yakisoba it should come on a sizzling hot plate and should have some sauce. As well if it is chicken yakisoba I expect more than three or four pieces. My wife ordered a chicken tama ( donburi ) that came swimming in a sauce. In fact I was able to ladle some of her sauce on to my yakisoba to lubricate it somewhat. My daughter ordered a fried duck ramen that seemed not too bad until she found the feathers still attached to the meat. That pretty much turned her off of her meal. The atmosphere was ok as it was not high dining although it was very loud. Finally the service was not the best as it took a while to get drinks and our orders in. 
Food maybe good but sorry, when you ask for maple syrup, you don't expect to pay 80p for it. We thought it was overpriced and even a couple of the waitresses seem miserable. 
This is an informal restaurant where you can easily have a meal in 30 minutes. Food is oriental however not authentic. A place to go if last resort! 
Lots of noise from people, kitchen staff chopping. One has to practically yell to converse with one another. Backless seating = back-breaking seating. Three adults, one 6 year old. A main dish for each of the adults, one child's meal = $US 94.00. Rather pricey for dishes of mostly noodles or rice. Lesson learned. 
Never been to a 'Wagamama' before and almost certainly wouldn't want to go to another. 
Went here Sunday lunchtime with my son. The service was slow, the food average. My risotto was greasy, my son's ravioli bland. Won't be back.  
We phoned on the off chance there would be a table available as we had never been before and were staying in Weybrudge for the night. We arrived, and decided to wait at the bar for our table. However, after a 30 min wait whilst two empty tables were clearly available we gave up and went to the Great Ghurkas instead. The staff didn't try to stop us, or show us to the table when we pointed it out - they seemed relieved it was one less set of customers to deal with. Such a shame, as the food sounded fantastic and it's a really individual looking restaurant, but we felt ignored which is not the best start to a night out. 
Booked a few hours earlier online and was pleased to find availability. I have been meaning to try Meejana for years. 
we ordered real fast ,that is what the waiters aid was their shtick..noodles wagamama. and a ramen. it arrived real fast. it tasted like water we accessory and chilli and. more soy and more chilli then we asked for some fresh chiliesandgot charged .75 pence. still no flavor the waiter said they are redoing the concept chairs verus benches windows verus basements. how about some taste it was incredible 
Came here on my hour dinner break at work. I'd arranged to meet my sister (who had never been to Wagamama before) for a nice meal and a catch-up. I'm using the adjective nice loosely here as the meal was far from enjoyable. We were seated and told our dinner would be around 5-7 mins which was perfect timing as I was under pressure to get back to work. After 20 minutes however there was no sign of our food so we asked a member of staff for information on our order. Two minutes later our food was slammed down in front of us, and to our disgust both dishes were STONE cold.  
ordered the Wagamama special. On the cheaper side in UK, but not really Japanese food at all...  
Walnuts has undertaken a lovely revamp, it has been extended and had a complete make over, which looks amazing. Sadly the service is awful. Myself and my partner went there for lunch on Sunday, we were shown to a table, the waitress took our order, and revisited the table within a couple minutes to repeat the order. The same waitress took the order from the table opposite after taking our order. 
As I can only review based on my own experience rather than my fellow diners, I have to rate the meal I had as Poor. Perhaps I should have gone with another cut but I chose the Rump Steak. Well, it was barely edible. Full of gristle which necessitated me furtively removing pieces from my mouth hidden with my napkin. As I was a guest I was loathe to complain at the time but had I been on my own, I certainly should have. For the money you would have expected a better piece of meat. To be fair to the Hawksmoor my business colleagues ordered different cuts and seemed to be enjoying theirs. 
After promising reviews, we ordered starters for a group of 14 people to be collected, ready plated, for a reception. The menus were selected, a visit confirmed the order and it was agreed the food would be played and ready to serve. On arriving, the food was a little late, was not plated as agreed, and given the size of the bill, was fairly conservative in quantity.  
My boyfriend and I visited this restaurant on a Saturday night. To drink, we ordered some still water which arrived in their own branded bottle with a resealable lid so we assumed it was tap water, a home made lemonade which was not very pleasant, and a (flat) ginger beer. We later saw on the bill that the water was charged at £4.00, whilst the other two drinks came to around£6.00.  
Food was a 3. Service a 2. Ambiance 2. Need I say more? It's in a basement, lackluster staff. At over £50 a head easy there's many places around the block that are better.  
Have visited many times but this will be the last. My husband and I arrived late morning on Sunday and were asked by a moody teenager what we wanted to drink before we had even sat down. We ordered drinks and I asked if waffles were available as sometimes they are not. Was assured they were and ordered but about 5 minutes later she returned and said they had run out of waffle mixture! I did not want anything else so my partner ate his mushrooms on toast which were ok. However, he had finished this before the drinks arrived, which were plonked done without a word from the waitress. Another waitress came almost straight away and grabbed his empty plate barely seconds later. They seem to want you in and out in five minutes. Employing surly teenagers is not the way to go when there are so many other good places to eat in Sidcup who provide excellent customer service  
I used to come here regularly for breakfast. 
We visited here on a Saturday evening and was very excited as we have been to majority of the steakhouses in London unfortunately we were seriously let down by the quality of food! The decor is dated and ambience feels like a cattle market. Really has no style to it in comparison to Gaucho/Gordon's steakhouse/Mash/Cau definitely places I would recommend. 
Very good steak and wine. Service poor. The surly, rather comfortable waitress took ages and plainly would rather have been doing something else. A bit chaotic. Ambience seriously lacking. Bit like having dinner in a large bunker with uplighters. Needs a fun mural. Disappointing for what is a very expensive restaurant. £122 for two, one course only.  
Had dinner last night at 8:30, dirty tables, struggled to get an order in, had to catch the waiter to get a drink. Food was great when it came but no plates!  
It had been quite a long time since we'd been to Meejana so we were looking forward to something special. Maybe we chose badly but we were tired and the menu was dauntingly large so we opted for the Chef's Set Menu, plus an extra dish of spicy chicken wings. The hot components were ok (and, to be fair, the prawn dish was very good) but the cold dishes were exceptionally bland and the chicken wings far from spicy. The hummus had some unidentifiable lumps of meat in it. 
I *had* been using (and recommending) this cafe/restaurant since it opened. On my first ever order I thought "wow, that is a bit pricey for a cafe" but after a couple of bites, thought it was worth the higher than normal coat, because it was made so well and tested so great! 
Hawksmoor was lively and fun the Saturday night we visited. Strongly recommended by concierge at The Chesterfield as we were hungry for a steak. The prices and menu are similar to what you would expect at Ruth Chris, Mortons, Charlie Palmer, Bourbon Steak and the like - big steaks, good drinks and pay extra for sides. My ribeye was half gristle. That was ok since it was a huge steak and I had more than enough to eat and did not want to take any food back to hotel. The mashed potatoes and French fries were great and I would consider going back for the perfect tarte tatin for dessert BUT seriously, who could recommend or go back to a high end steak restaurant serving a steak that is half gristle? The service was very good. No, I didn't complain about the steak since it was so obvious and my husband is uncomfortable with complaining. 
Got my delivery to find the smoothie bottle Is even full to the top 
My wife and I have been using walnuts since it very first opened. The food has always been of an OK standard but there are certain meals we feel are very good, for example the Shish dishes. We order regularly but it now feels that the prices have been pushed up past reasonable for what is essentially a cafe, not a restaurant. This evening, I ordered my wife a chicken shish with halloumi and a tin of soft drink. The total price on collection was £16.15 which at first glance I questioned and then remembered I had ordered a side of halloumi. I expected it to come with perhaps hummus, Cacik or maybe some pitta bread - instead two skinny, measly slices. I had to call the restaurant to confirm and i have been charged almost £3 for it.  
Popped in for lunch today, i decided to give walnut’s a try. 
My wife and I arrived at 7 15 on a Wednesday December night, with only 2 other tables occupied. We were sat by a large window which proved to be a really cold place - we had to move ourselves to another warmer table. Asked the waiter for advice as to what to order this was our fist visit. He advised he didn't know much about Lebanese food, but did know they did cold and hot dishes. Glasses of house of wine took about 15 minutes to arrive, the mains another 40 minutes. Bread and water was not offered when we sat down and had to be asked for. Starter and mains were disappointing - fairly bland and over salted. £60 for one small main, two bland main courses and 4 glasses of house wine, and a request for a tip - not good value. After having visited a reasonable number of Lebanese restaurants in Europe and Middle East this definitely was the most disappointing. We won't be back. 
Its handy for us as we live locally and regularly visit for Breakfast, Lunch or early dinner. We have always tolerated the sluggish and moody service as the food is normally good. Unfortunately, today's visit means we will probably go elsewhere from now on as a gentleman claiming to be "the owner" didn't care that we had waited 40 minutes for food. He had "tried his best" to get the order right and he was busy and said "I don't have time to talk to you" and "I don't care if you pay or you don't". He wasn't interested in our feedback or helping us to start our day with good food and service. 
We've heard the food here is great but sadly didn't get to find that out. Went in and stood at the counter for several minutes, to be completely ignored by all the unsmiling waitresses. Finally collared one and was told to find a table. 
Further to my previous review, I can totally see that the Walnuts is going downhill fast. As is often the case with cafes such as this. 
Food here is tasty, good level of spice and interesting dishes to choose from.  
Came here for a birthday meal with my partner on Friday night. After a bit of fafffing we we were seated in the back room on our own, so no atmosphere, and a drinks delivery. 
i"ve eaten at the Walnuts a total of 5 times with friends and i must admit the food is generally good however the service is at best woeful , if you do eat at this Cafe do not ask for any extras such as toast or another tea because the chances are they will never turn up and if they do your meal would already be completed , its such a shame really because the set up is pretty good . 
Went there today for lunch with an old friend, in the time we was there we had a sandwich each, latte, cappuccino another coffee and a cup of tea (that's two drinks each) and a slice of cake each. Food was nice but our lovely lunch came to an abrupt end when the waitress asked us when we was leaving as they had other customers queuing. My friend and I found this sooooooooo rude we had spent the best part of £20.00, was in there for just over an hour. We know we was not in there longer as we parked across the road in the car park, If we was sitting there with one slice of cake between us I could understand a little. I would not recommend this place to anyone as we felt rushed and certainly customer service and satisfaction was not there number one priority but more like about getting as many people in as possible, letting them eat and rushing them out of the door. CHARMING.  
Went midweek with my wife and this place was deserted. We had lamb shawarma and lamb meshwi. The portion size was small and didn’t have a lot of meat, I did not feel it was worth he money. Normally Middle Eastern cuisine has saffron rice but they randomly serve tomato rice. I had it and it genuinely tasted like uncle bens microwaveable rice. Also instead of lamb cubes my wife got lamb steak.  
Spent £22 on 2 small English breakfasts. 
The Hawksmoor is not awful, not terrible, not gruesome - it's just plain bad.  
As discussed with the waiter chaats are the tapas style dishes so you need to order at least 4 dishes for one person. The big chaats are the normal size curry dishes so I decided to go for an aubergine dish from that list menu. What I got what a little portion what for me would rather be portion size of a side dish than the main dish of watery sauce with a very few baby aubergine in it. It was difficult to eat this meal as aubergines weren't cut and all I got was a spoon. I was attracted to this restaurant by the deco which is great. However, I would never come back to this restaurant because I spent over £10 and left feeling hungry. The naan bread was very good but the dish didn't impress me at all. 
We visited meejana for a family birthday having read its great reviews.  
First time going to this restaurant last night. Myself and two daughters arrived waiting at the door approx 2 mins to be seated. Waitress came over with a surly attitude, no warm greeting and sat us in a corner table nearest the cooking area. We chose 2 buffet meals priced £16.95 each and main meal costing £11 as one of my daughters is vegetarian which I explained to the waitress. I ordered a glass of lemonade, which had ice cubes in it, but was very flat. Our starter for the buffet came which included spring rolls which I offered to my daughter who is a veggie. Out of nowhere, the waitress put out her hand out to stop my 14 year old daughter having a spring roll as she was going to have just the main (Her food hadn't arrived yet). I could not believe it! 
We arrived with high hopes ready for the great Lebanese experience other reviewers talked about. Instead what we had was great chunks of tough, unimaginatively cooked meat, on cold plates, served with a tasteless portion of very un-Lebanese vegetables - dollops of cauliflower and broccoli (which the manager described as "decoration"...) - and a lump of flavour-free couscous. We noticed on another review that the owner prides himself on cooking everything from scratch in 45 minutes. 45 minutes to cook a lamb shank tagine. Tasted like it. 
Been to several Wagamama and clearly they are a franchise. This one needs to up their game. Better places for 30% less across the street. 
Ordered a takeaway very early tonight, Xmas Eve.......ordered two dishes with King Prawns included.....both dishes came with fish instead of king prawns!!!!! 
Walnuts cafe, sidcup in tier 2 is allowing mixed households to sit inside, I'm sure that's not correct 
Went for a brunch meal last Saturday. I asked for avocado on toast with tomatoes. I got half a peeled avocado still in the avocado shape sat on a plate with half a tomato hardly grilled and a 1.5 slices of toast. I had to assemble my meal myself. I had no room or tools to mash up my avocado so could only slice it but this does not sit well on dry toast, hence why most people mash it up and place it on the toast so it soaks in a bit. The presentation was very poor. Compared to other local cafe's who charge similar prices of £7.50-£8.00 I expected more, other cafe's mash it up and even place a branch of hot cherry toms on the vine on top too. I do not mind paying this price for a meal but I expect it to be assembled and done for me otherwise I would have eaten at home and done a better job. This was a really lazy, poor, meal that looked poor and tasted poor. Not worth the price or me re-visiting. Coffee was nice.., 
The allergen menu doesn’t match with the main menu. I ordered a vegetarian burger with no bun and I was told that the burger was gluten free. I insisted as I’m aware that some vegetarian burgers contain gluten and the waiter kept saying it was gluten free. It clearly wasn’t gluten free as I was very ill being sick for hours and if you’re gluten intolerant you know what I’m talking about, and you want to avoid that!  
Went with my wife for a late meal, well not that late, 8.30pm. Food was as good as usual and what you expect from Pizza Express. 
Very disappointed with this Pizza Express.  
I have visited 3 times over the past couple of months and have now lost confidence in this branch. My visits were twice for Dinner and once for Lunch. 
We ordered a garlic bread with cheese to share which cost us £5.20, the portion was the size of my hand. Very small portions and very expensive for the amount you get. Mains were ok but when it came to asking for the bill the lady only bought over the card machine and no bill and told us the price verbally. I roughly worked out in my head how much everything could have been, but I shouldn’t of had to do this. With no bill to see, she could of easily charged us more then the total itself. Very unprofessional. 
First meal out since lockdown. Very disappointed with how expensive the meal was. £3.50 for a kids glass of orange squash. Meal for 3 adults came to £75. 
Appalled having to wait over an hour for a delivery , with no apology or call to explain.  
During the lockdown we ordered a take away from Meejana for the family & we were hugely disappointed.  
Over the years I have noticed the toppings on the pizzas diminishing. During the weekend I ordered a Soho Classic Pizza and I counted 3 olives and had to ask where the shavings of parmesan was. For nearly £15 for a pizza, I don't expect to eat just pizza dough The pasta served with the children's menu is pointless. 9 pieces of pasta and a cold, congealed sauce. Staff here are grumpy and everything is too much trouble. My last of many visits. 
Awful. Pasta is not freshly made it is done in a microwave. Disgusting. Was appalled by the blasé manor that the manager actually tried to convince me the pasta was good !!  
Went there to get some breakfast as wife was ill in bed so thought a couple of sausage rolls would sort her out and treated myself to a bacon one, cost 1.90 each which I thought was ok till I got home to find one sausage in each big roll cut in half and one rasher of bacon. Won’t be going there again 
Have been to this restaurant a few times and noise has always been an issue. Not good if you want to have a decent conversation. On this occasion the food was reasonable but the service deplorable. Our waiter seemed hurried and was busy looking all around him rather than being attentive, meaning we had to repeat our order several times. His manner was abrupt and occasionally rude - not something to put up with when the prices are on the steep side. Will have to think twice about returning as other venues are way better. 
Very dated décor and mediocre food. Had the "all you eat" option and 2 soft drinks. The bill arrived in Chinese and they tried to over charge us as we didn't understand the bill. Very sneaky! The service was slow and waited 10 mins for the "wrong" bill to arrive. 
We knew this place was not gourmet when we went in but the food was really bad, the sausages in particular reminded me of the mass catering stuff from my school days. Even the baked beans were a bit ropey. The best thing was the eggs but in theory you can't go too fat wrong with eggs!! 
The first time I ate at this restaurant my experience was fine. I went for my partners birthday and we ended up spending around £110 in total for the four of us. The waitress gave us a free bottle of wine for spending so much so me and my partner decided to go back at a later date just the two of us. The food this time wasn't as good and we were being rushed by the staff to make our orders. Prior to this when entering and telling the waitress we wanted the all you can eat she pointed to the price and said "you realise this one is £15.99?" Which really offended us. We decided to go back for a third time and this time was even worse. I'm glad I'm not the only one after reading these comments that finds the staff at this restaurant racist after they sat us next to the only other black family in the restaurant (my partners white and I'm mixed) when they could have sat us in any of the other free seats in the restaurant, rushed us to make our orders but brought us food we didn't ask for and the food was even worse than the time before. They took away our plates while we were still eating (it wasn't late) and even though we asked and offered to pay the bill before hand watching me and my partner when we went out side to smoke. The hostess even had the nerve to push past a costumer! Never going there again they don't deserve anyone's hard earned money. 
We went here with a a weekend voucher deal and asked what was included. After choosing what we wanted and having a decent meal, we were told they'd accidentally told us an incorrect starter on the menu. We were told we'd have to pay full price!  
Having been a fan in the past we won't return to this branch. Pizza was burnt underneath and service just wasn't up to scratch. Felt very reluctant to pay but don't like to make a scene so parted with cash and left. Such a shame always been lovely in the past.  
Food ok..service very poor. We had a table of 7 & we arrived at the restaurant for 7.30 & took until 11.30 for us to receive 3 courses. We tryed to catch the attention of the waiters & was totally ignored time & time again. If we had not been able to laugh this off anyone would of found this so rude- truely shocked by this. There was never enough food brought to the table at any one time so we was passing a single plate up & down the table for each person to have 1 single prawn then we would have to wait 20mins or more in between each plate. 
I am shocked by the other reviews, this is the worst chinese restaurant I have ever been to.  
We had drinks in the bar area a couple of years ago, and it was the most amazing experience. There was 4 of us, me my mum and two daughters who were 13 and 17 at the time. The service was outstanding and i was keen to let my husband see what all the fuss was about, so suggested we pay a visit on the 2nd Jan 2019, so it would still be fairly festive. When we arrived in the bar area, a young waiter told us that due to our daughter being under age we would not be allowed in the bar area..(despite both my ;under age daughters) being allowed before!.....he then asked how old she was and decided at his discretion to let us in after all......we then ordered our drinks but i was disappointed at his overall hostile attitude. I received my coffee, but it arrived with no milk, so i got the waiters attention and asked if he could bring some!!...(obvious i would have thought)...he basically just grunted at me and reluctantly brought it over....no smile, no politeness, nothing)...at this point i just wanted to leave, i was very disappointed at the attitude of this young waiter, and feel for the prices they charge, good customer service is absolutely essential. We wont be returning. 
I thought I would try this restaurant as it's been around for quite a while now. I won't be going back. The service is absolutely shocking. We were rushed into making orders thoughout the evening. As soon as I had finished my drink the glass barely touched the table and it was whipped out of my hand. We were asked if we were going to finish our duck pancakes to which I said yes, 5 minutes later and because we had not started to eat again, the food was removed in a the blink of an eye without asking us. There is only one option - all you can eat. The a la carte menu is overpriced so you are left without a choice - the only choice in terms of cost is all you can eat. Food and drink quality was poor. As we left at 10pm we were the only ones left and they had started to get the vacuum out - whether or not they would have started before we left is open for decision. In short words, just don't bother 
We have been going to the Peking Diner over a number of years and consider ourselves known, regular customers. We mainly dine at lunchtime when we are frequently the only customers, although we have hosted parties there. The service is usually efficient and fast. Today we arrived about 1.15pm. After the main course, the bill arrived unasked for. I requested a dessert which was refused by saying "we are now closed". The time was 2.45pm. We were very disappointed at this attitude. 
Upon arriving we had not even taken our coats off and sat down when the waitress was barking at us to order drinks. The wine list was still in her hand and she was not passing it over so we just ordered a couple of soft drinks. Throughout the whole evening the staff were very rude, their manner and communication was very poor, and to top it all off we had to pay a standard 10% service tip regardless of what the service was like which has not sat right with myself or the company I was in. 
The quantity of salt in the Singapore vermicelli is insane, uneatable.., cut down on the salt it’s not necessary. Thanks 
We went for a meal on Nye. We're warned that the resturant closed at 10 but were rushed by the waiting staff. The garlic bread was raw in the middle. When we complained we were told this is normal and how Pizza Express serve there dough. A order mistake was made on the main, we were told it was us that misordered. We eat at other branches regularly and rarely have cause for complaint burt will steer clear of this resturant in the future. 
I’ve had some memorable meals here in the past and was really looking forward to a fancy lunch before a visit to the V&A. The dining room oozes confidence and style and it’s the archetypal place for ladies who lunch. The menu is fishy and feminine. Unfortunately, the food, on this occasion, was pretty terrible. I chose from the lunch set menu which seemed great value at £27.50. 
Limited opening times. 
We trekked all the way to Olives form the Science Museum with grand kids in tow and, having read the reviews, with high expectations. For a family containing a contingent of Italians, I can only describe the food as singularly unauthentic. No Italian would serve lasagne swimming in cream. The bruschetta were heavily laden, too thick and soggy. The calamari fritti were so watery and insipid (clearly frozen, not fresh) that my daughter, whose birthday it was, sent hers back - immangiabili! The service was good, but could not compensate for the disappointing cuisine. We shan't be returning. 
I love the food here but recently my wife came in for a takeaway. The quality of the food is excellent but the portions have become far too small. The food is expensive so I don't want a dish to be mainly gravy hence the rating. 
We decided to visit this restaurant on the recommendation of my daughter who lives nearby and the booking process was easy enough. We turned up at the appointed time and were surprised to find that many tables in the restaurant area had bench seating with no backrests. This would be mightily uncomfortable for anyone over the age of forty, or anyone under forty who has little-used core muscles. 
A nice looking place, predominantly pizza and I would advise you stick to that. This is my second visit and frankly, my last - the non-pizza food is awful and not cheap - £61 for 2 which included 3 (large) glasses of wine. I found the staff unhelpful - no mint sauce or redcurrant jelly for lamb - they said 'Oh, we don't serve chips or ketchup either', like I'm asking for something really down market. 
Insanely small portions for extremely high prices( we took 2 drinks, one starter and 2 pastas and it was 50£ bill.... pastas size was such a small that i left this restaurant hungry ... drinks so expensive also.... food is nothing especial... can not recommend this place 
Had high hopes based on prior experience but pizzas were rank average this time. Way too thick and doughy. 
This place is apparently cash only, would be nice to know that when you sit down ! 
I have visited here a number if times and have always loved the food. I have in fact givennit a good tripAdvisor review. However my recent visit was below par, slow waitress who appeared she would rather be elsewhere. Raw ingredients & cold in calzone and Spaghetti wasn't al dente it was Raw, very poor. 
I have been going to Daphne's since the 1970's, although it is greatly changed, expanded, I left London at the end the 90's, so it was for not being able to get into the Ivy I booked Daphne's. I am sorry to say I was deeply disappointed, the food was well below par and the noise level was such you could not have a conversation. I really am unable to give a good word for this experience, so very sad. 
Went there after a tour of the castle on Monday 23 December,Three servers at the till no one else at the counter but they ALL ignored me and made no eye contact- I complained about the lack of service and the blonde girl at the counter snapped at me and said her other colleague is getting the ice in very off handed manner. Finally some service but none of the three cocktails I wanted to try was available! The team was very unfriendly and seem not to care about the service they gave and the tables were littered with empty dirty glasses. I would definitely not go back there again. If I did I’d send my European friends to the counter as they are more ‘visible’ than I was. 
You can tell this restaurant isn’t owned by Italians, it’s not very authentic.  
Rang on a Saturday to ask if they did Sunday roasts as The Eagle in Askew Road was closed for a refurb. 
Really one of the worst restaurant experiences I have had for many years. The octopus starter was truly a joke. The pizza base tasted ok but there was virtually no topping and it tasted of nothing. The service was sporadic at best; arrogant at worst. Even the toilets smelt like something from the third world.  
Average food, big chain stuff, superb surroundings, it’s built into an old railway station but it was nearly empty. However, all those pumps on the bar selling chemicals but no real ale, gassy beer is just not compatible with eating a meal.  
I'm sorry to say this was not as good as I was led to believe. We came as a family and at first it seemed nice. Good environment and nice waitresses. The kids pizzas we ordered first and seemed nice and a very good size but unfortunately the meals for the adults that were not pizzas were very disappointing. One person ordered the carbonara as from the menu it looked like it was going to be the real thing, made with egg rather than cream or cheese but when it arrived it was white and sloppy and very salty. I ordered the veal with was every more salty. I love salt and often added more but this was WAY to much. The dish was supposed to come with rosemary potatoes, what I got was obviously frozen potato wedges. ( see photo) and not a hit of rosemary. When you spend £14 I don't expect to get Iceland frozen wedges. We also order a coke for someone who joined us and a can of coke was plocked on the table with a glass. No ice, no lemon, no nothing. As it was a family gathering and we had kids and one or to of the adults were a little merry we did not say anything ( not that we had the opposite no one came to check back on us) but I will not returning or recommending this place as I felt very cheated by a substandard meal. It's a real shame.  
We were told this is one of the best Italian in London, maybe as Brexit hits Italians are leaving and the service and cooking was left to others....service was not too bad mind you albeit for sure no Italians in sight and the explanations indeed had little of it ... 
The Oak is a very pretty space, with a warm atmosphere, and kind service but my goodness, these were probably the most disappointing pizzas we have ever had. They look nice on the plate, with a thin wood-fired crust, but were surprisingly flavorless. The sauce was thin, perhaps tinned, the cheese was undistiguishable, and the dough lacked any yeasty quality. Perhaps they are having to use low quality ingredients to make ends meet, or perhaps after a few drinks the patrons don't care. Ours were all vegetarian options, so maybe meat toppings compensate. Such a shame...I'll return for the drinks and atmosphere, but not the food. 
Visited this evening on our way home from the centre of Windsor. Husbands pint of Amstel was headless and my Cosmopolitan was pale pink with ice floating on the top. Nice to sit outside and watch the world go by but don’t expect much in the drink department!  
We go to this restaurant whenever we are in London but this will be the last time. There used to be traditional Italian warmth but many of the staff now have apparently been to the Eastern Europe School of Catering. We had originally booked for six but well over a month before had changed it to four. When we arrived we told them that we were waiting on the other two because of train problems and got a very sniffy response about it having originally been six, then four and now two. The others in fact arrived exactly on time. The food was ok but not at all good value. I had a minestrone which might have been argued to be 'fresh' but really it simply hadn't been cooked long enough and was oddly tasteless. My wife's lobster pasta was tasteless. My vongole pasta was also. The bill despite all this was eyewatering. We remember this place fondly and are sad that we will no longer go back. 
myself and a colleague from work decided to try the oak as heard a few good things locally went in asked for two glasses of house red wine from the manager he was very pleasant thought fair enough nice surroundings might try one of there pizzas got the two glasses of wine my friend went to pay was told they cost £17 in all honesty I'm not a cheapskate but £8.50 for a glass of wine come on anyway wont be going back what a shame 
The food was okey really. But the service wasn't. My wife had to wait 15 min for her food after i got mine.. And then we realised that the chap at the table next to us has got my wife's pizza. And he was picking on the food and removing the mushrooms, and the waitress saw all this and still just offered to switch the plates... Not very apertizing! No apologies, no discount, no new pizza.. Really disappointing!!!! 
Went with friends for drinks/ cocktails, around £9 each. 
I was looking forward to bringing my daughter and her fiancé here for dinner when I was visiting from Canada last month because my husband and I had great memories of our dinner here many years ago.  
We went to All Bar One yesterday in Windsor and I must say what a disappointment it was, we went to the London Waterloo one last week and that was fab. From the outside we actually thought it was closed we were looking how to get in and tried a few doors where staff glanced up but didn’t interact with us to inform us which door to use. The tables were all dirty and not cleared when we did go in we had to ask someone to clear the table. We were given menus my granddaughter is 5 and was given an adult menu, we had to ask for a child menu. 
My friend & I were planned to go to the restaurant opposite - the Cattlegrid but we changed our mind. We both agreed we should have stuck with our original intention. The place was practically empty. We had got there after 8pm on a Sunday evening. There were hardly any staff & the one we had seemed pleasant enough. I have to agree with another reviewer who said that the place would be better if they improved on their cleanliness although our opinion of the food wasn't that great either. One half of the bar was literally covered with used glasses & other dirty crockery which in itself was an eye-sore. The toilets were disgusting - two of the cubicles were locked which begs the question what is wrong with them but I was not impressed with how dirty they were. We both had the same foods - the burger was placed on a piece of paper on a rock-type slab & it was one of the worst burgers I have ever had. It was so greasy that the paper it was on got wet so I don't need to tell you my opinion of that! The best thing about the main meal was the chips - they were delicious! We were both really looking forward to our desserts only to be bitterly disappointed. It was Ajays' specially created cheesecake of raspberry, hazelnut & chocolate praline x It was incredibly sickly & didn't even taste much of any of the ingredients & was not cheesecake as we know it. My friend didn't eat hers & I struggled to eat mine. Even the cocktail that we had seemed to be diluted with lemon so it wasn't as tasty as we had hoped. So our overall experience meant that only the chips passed the test! LOL I am not going back there & I will not be recommending it either. 
After previous meals here which were lovely, we popped here for lunch on the 28th June as it was not busy.. I wouldn't usually write a review but this service was appalling. Firstly, one of us had their meal arrive 30 minutes before any of other meals were served, meaning they had finished the meal way before the rest of ours had even arrived. When asked if we wanted any sauce (which we said yes to), this was never given to us. We had no apologies for the wait and the members of staff showed no interest or looked remotely bothered, and were unnattentive. Very disappointed by the service and the rude members of staff this time round. 
Used to live in Windsor so went for a drink today. The interior is nice and the good weather meant most people were sitting outside. Anyway, the 1st thing I noticed when we walked in was the amount of dirty glasses on the bar top (must have been 30 at least). There was one bartender behind the bar. U ordered a couple of drinks and the bartender took awhile to make them but he may have been new and he was polite. There were now a few more people and he had another female colleague help him. The pile of glasses on the bar was increasing. I noticed a manager who was in a blue shirt walking around doing absolutely nothing. The cocktails were not very good but to be honest, I went up for a bottle of water and again there was just one bar person who was very pleasant and apologetic about the wait  
Stopped off for late morning coffee with a view to book a table for lunch. We sat outside and we just couldn't believe just how filthy everything seemed to be. The stone floor obviously hadn't been cleaned and the tables weren't much better. Worse than this though was the state of the cushions on the chairs .... they were absolutely disgraceful!  
Service very very slow food was poor. 
Went there recently. The food was okay. One of us had a pasta dish where the pasta was actually quite raw and another had a cod that tasted incredibly rubbery. Personally would not go there again. And they charge ridiculously high amounts. Had to check the bill twice. I mean I've dined at top restaurants around london and the bill has never been that high. Overall an ok experience 
food was ok, staff was not initially helpful,very cramped and we were too close to other diners.......... 
I came here for breakfast. No one came to the door when we walked in so we went up to the bar and asked if we could have menus. The man said he would be over to take our order. We waited 15 mins and he still hadn’t come to our table. We only saw one staff member the whole time we were there. We ended up going back to the bar as he clearly wasn’t going to take our order. I had avocado and feta on toast and the portion size was ridiculous for £5. It was one slice of toast on a massive plate and was eaten within 1 min. Think I’ll give this place a miss next time.  
I had come to All Bar One with my sisters today for brunch. We had waited almost 15 mins before someone had come over to take our order. We had ordered the vegetarian breakfast. There was no yogurt..no pico de gallo even though the menu said so. And when we asked the waiting staff no one knew what is was. The bread was dry and we weren't offered any butter. The halloumi was bland and too rubbery and didn't taste right. The poached eggs weren't poached. The pancakes were dry and no syrup and none was offered to us. 
I am local and visit this pub once or twice a week. Prior to my latest visit I was a massive fan and would have recommended the place to anyone - i am not sure I will be going again after lunch yesterday.  
Nice place when quiet, open areas with option of more secluded seating for groups. Great location. 
We found the pub to be extremely inviting; the venue itself is great. Really nice interior, would probably recommend it for drinks only.  
I have been to The Oak many times, enthusiastically embracing the arrival of great pizza in W12 and recommending it to many friends. The service was always somewhat erratic and confused, but certainly not bad enough to stand in the way of me and my pizza. Even the odd ingredient slip-up (undercooked aubergine on two occasions - what could be worse!) wasn't enough to put me off. 
I have been out of London for a month, and met here for a family birthday. Great ambience and the pizza's looked good, but the other mains were minuscule and I am slim and not a big eater but nearly £17 for a piece of fish sitting on top of a tiny portion of wild garlic(too late for picking as stalks too big!) which took up a 1/6th of a plate of normal size…great taste but silly portion and a friends lamb, was equally minute and with no extra veggies as sides. 
A lot of effort has been made to provide a sense of posh rustic comfort in this converted pub, but pleasant though the decor is, the space is too draughty on an autumn evening to be comfortable. I'll wear my coat if I come again.  
Restaurant cold, food cold and far worse the coffee was cold. Total waste of money on what was meant to be a treat before Christmas shopping. Very disappointing. Only good thing was the pleasant staff. 
Living nearby, I had intended for a while to try this place out. I am sorry to say I certainly won't be returning. Firstly, credit to the chefs the food was very good. The reason we are not happy was the staff. We sat at the bar and watched what seemed an organised circus unfold, which is strange in that it seemed pretty quite. The whole way through our meal, the staff kept coming in behind the bar to complain and laugh about different customers...right in front of us!!! There was an absolute void of personal service, I had to ask for everything, from a drink to ordering food even though the bartender was polishing glasses and the waitresses were just walking past in dreamland. I suppose it can only be put down to bad management, there was nobody visibly in charge. Shame for a new place to open like this. 
Not sure what it is, but we received a very different service each of the 4 times we went. The only time we received good service when we had made reservations and went without our son.  
Nice environment. Attractive menu. Over attentive (lurking) service.  
Went with family who were visiting England for the first time, was shocked by how slow this place was, the waitress was miserable and couldn't be bothered, she didn't know what soft drinks they served and then got our drinks order wrong, we then waited way over an hour for food that again was not what we ordered. I wish that we'd had a better experience here, it looked the perfect place for good food in nice surroundings but unfortunately the service let this whole experience down. If I wasn't with family I would have made more of a fuss as it most definitely wasn't worth what we paid, especially when the waitress looks down their nose at you and constantly interrupts you once you finally have your meal. Not worth the money, not worth the hassle, not worth wasting your whole afternoon.  
Met a client for Dinner , been coming for years .  
Arrived for a mid day brunch with a friend and was offered a drink quite soon after arriving which was good however it was rapidly downhill from there. 
Went there for a lunch on a Monday. It wasn't that busy but for some reason the service was very slow. Ordered the tapas and when it arrived you could tell it was on the hot plate for a while. At the end the manager took £3 off the bill (how kind) as that's "all he good do". He felt annoyed that I questioned the service. If you want a quick quality lunch go somewhere else. Better places to eat in Windsor 
We came for dinner and got seated next to an open door (it's getting cold outside!) on one side and a loud hen do on the other side. When asked to swap tables, the server was ride and suggested to 'get used to the breeze' 
What a shame that my experience here was so disappointing. Lack luster service with no care for the customer experience or the food. Average food at best with a massive price tag. Daphne's hang your head in shame!  
We went to Daphne's for a family celebration, everyone was looking forward to it. We have spent many years in Italy, we love Italian food and were looking forward to a good Italian meal, which is rare outside of Italy. However the food was not good, nor was the service! It was very expensive, which wouldn't have been a problem if the food matched the price but it did not. The place itself is lovely but the staff and the food are awful. Really don't bother. 
Used to love this place however, a change of management has seen its decline in customer service .  
We went to the restaurant because of Trip Adviser reviews I wouldn't normally produce a review but my experience was so dissimilar with the reviews on Trip Adviser I feel I should comment.The venue is a small restaurant with about 10 tables. There's a bar at the rear and service to dinners on the Sat night I went there was provided by a man supported by a woman. Both appeared Japanese. A good start. The menu offered promise and I felt confident I was going to enjoy the meal.  
Daphne’s used to be a fashionable restaurant serving reasonable quality Italian dishes to a good class of regular customers, in relaxed not-too-noisy surroundings. When Maria, who was the heart & soul of San Lorenzo died, Daphne’s was one of those restaurants that filled the void. 
This was my first visit to the restaurant . I should have taken the hint when I arrived at the restaurant at about 10.50 am it was nearly completely empty . We sat down looking forward for some breakfast when the waitress announced the coffee machine was broken .She asked if we wanted anything else to drink . We ordered two orange juices . ( there was a notice on the entrance door that the coffee machine was broken which we later discovered) Both breakfasts eventually arrived which nearly took 20 minutes . Both breakfasts were cold . I noted on the menu that all breakfasts above £6.50 they would be accompanied by a hot drink . Of course I knew the coffee machine was broken however when I asked if the orange juices could be included in this offer she replied she could not do that . In other words I paid £17 for two cold breakfasts instead of two cold breakfasts for £13.00 . The waitress could not be asked to seek advice from her manager , probably like most of the staff we witnessed he or she the manger was seeking off to room behind the bar drinking something from a glass vessel with a straw , anyway that's another story . My advise to everyone else stay clear of this restaurant . 
What a let down. Went to place our order at the bar as we were sat outside. Not difficult at all - 2 starters, 2 adult mains & 1 child main, burger in a bun completely plain with rice followed by a brownie with ice cream. Not hard you'd think but what a mess. The child's main (burger sauce, lettuce, tomato slice & chips) & 1 adult ribeye (more fat than rare cooked meat) came out. The fact that we'd ordered starters was mentioned along with the fact that the child's main was wrong, to which the waitress took the child main away & said she would go to check on our starters with the kitchen. The next adult main arrived but still no cutlery. 
Stunning day in Kingston upon Thames, decided to venture to the less salubrious part of town. Felt like a pizza and thought this place looked alright. Having pretty much seated ourselves, we then had a lengthy wait for service. During said wait we spotted a small sign on the bar stating cash payment only. The waiter who talk our order failed to mention the cash only issue and was unable to understand the basic order we gave - simple errors made.... 
Ordered a take away last night on there website as I couldn't get through on the phone. Got my email confirmation I was order number 79 and that it would come asap. After waiting an hour and a half I rung up asking where my order is to be told that the online ordering doesn't work ....... then why have it on there! They explained that they got my order but it was declined.... They had my number on the order they could of rung me and told me! Won't bother ordering from them again been put off! 
We've been coming to Daphne's for years, but our most recent visit was a huge disappointment. The food is still very good, especially the roasted red pepper soup, crispy soft shell crab, sautéed prawns, and the rigatoni with veal ragout. The lobster spaghetti used to blow me away, but it isn't nearly as delicious as it used to be.  
I was excited to try out this restaurant but I was totally disappointed for a couple of reasons. Firstly, they didn't even pay attention or read our special requests due to dietry requirements - why have a additional comments box if you're not going to read it. We asked to use separate containers for tempuras due to allergies but they didn't even bother. 
We visited this bar after spending the day in Windsor. Upon arrival one of the bar staff advised us that in order to receive table service we had to sit inside the bar which we proceeded to do. 
Taking ages for people to be served at the bar so decided to go for table service. Waited ages even though there were staff not doing anything. Not worth it if just after a quick drink, although the person who served us was very pleasant 
There is not much that one can say that hasn't already been expressed about THE BAR. It is an iconic landmark and a really a London institution.  
Very disappointed. I myself ordered a steak medium well with chips- requesting no Parmesan. It came with Parmesan all over them so gave them back and waited. As I cut the steak I realised it was rare. After telling the waiter she said 'oh sorry'. My partner ordered a flame grilled chicken burger which clearly was not flame grilled(he himself is a chef). Will certainly not be returning for food.  
It's unfortunate that this place was poor as the area needs a good Thai place since the last one closed about 2 years ago.  
Nice typical Italian Resturant  
We walked in and ended up going to the chef area to ask for a table as nobody around to help .Then people came in after us and their food came before. I was told it was because poached eggs take along time - REALLY !!!!! ( the other table had the full breakfast ) !!!!!! One of them was rock hard and the others underdone !!!! I really would not go back in a hurry and would recommend to go elsewhere !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Poor service and food 
Saturday lunchtime. Walked in, waiters passed by without welcoming us. Finally found a table which was still uncleaned from previous customers. Wiater said he would "come right away". 15 mins later nothing other than he handed out the cutlery to table next door and smeared his fingers over spoons and forks prior to putting on table. seemed untrained and unable to cope. left without ordering. won't be back. 
We know this is a chain restaurant but the food should at least come as described... so to get chicken quesadillas with hardly any chicken and nachos with virtually no cheese isn’t acceptable. Yes the restaurant replaced the meals but it’s expensive for what it is and not great value, especially at over £3 fir a small bottle of coke!  
We had a very pleasant waitress and swift service here on a wet monday lunchtime but the food was not good quality. Fish was not very fresh and we were not even sure it was cod as advertised. Small portion of fish with large portion of batter. Chips were mediocre. When asked if everything was ok we said it wasn't however there was no visit by the manager to enquire further. There did not seem to be any information on the menu as to where they sourced their meat or fish and whether the chicken was free range. It is such a shame that any tourist trying the British classic of fish and chips would be served such a poor plate of food. 
Noisy, crowded, food unimpressive 
The restaurant is nice inside, but no atmosphere. The waiter seemed ok, but slow considering the place was almost empty. But the main issue is the stodgy pizza. The first time I have ordered a pizza anywhere and not been able to finish it as it’s so thick. I thought that Italian style pizza was supposed to be thin and crispy. Won’t be returning again. Overpriced for what they serve!  
Entered for a late lunch at 14:00 hours 
Having been a frequent visitor some years ago we revisited last Saturday to relive past glories. Hemmed in like caged chickens on tables that are too close together, the service was inept and charmless with mediocre food. Not what we were expecting for £210 for 2 people. Avoid - and we had to pour our own wine! 
You would only want to eat here if you were very tired after a long day or a long flight and wanted to collapse into your bed immediately afterwards. 
I do not expect an expensive cocktail to be served in the wrong glass as 'they had run out of the right ones'. however they said they would 'make it look nice' which consisted of putting a wedge of dried lime on the side of the glass. Not good enough 
Stopped for a drink while waiting for return train to London. Slow service did not have the drink I wanted. Waitress making up cosktails for customers tasted mixture through straw then put it back in drink UGH. 
Very slow service although not busy when we first arrived. Unexciting menu. When it finally arrived food was in the main mediocre with one good meal and one awful meal (Lamb ragout sauce was more like watery savoury mince - and almost none of that when first brought). Came in at over £40 a head - very poor value for money.  
It's ok and does what it says on the tin. A good meeting point but you could be in any of this chains outlets anywhere in the country. 
The location and decor of this restaurant are fine and attractive. The food is OK but nothing special. 
Expensive and disappointing. Small portions, no bread with pricey pasta entree. Steak salad was small, but peppers and steak were yummy. 
There was a time when Daphne's first opened that it was the place to go, assuming you could get a reservation. How times change. On our visit on a Monday night, the restaurant was not full, and it was easy to see why. The food was tasteless. (My Osso Buco, which should have been falling off the bone, was hard to chew and tasteless.) The service was polite but pressing. We finished a two course meal with a bottle of wine and paid the bill in less than an hour, even though we were not in a rush. But, the real crime here is that the pricing. If you skip a few meals here, you can save enough to go to Italy and try the real thing. 
My wife and I were looking forward to a lovely meal however were disappointed through lack of service, staff attitude and so so food.  
We were having a lovely day in Windsor when we decided to get a quick lunch here. The setting is lovely in the centre of the rail station & looked impressively busy. 
I have to say the experience was not what one would expect from this prestigious hotel . 
The location is convenient and decoration nice. Staff efficient and polite. We were really taken aback by the small portion. We were group of 6. 3 folks ordered the shrimp pasta and got 3 pieces of shrimp and 7 pieces of tube pasta. It was so small we were shocked. The lasagna and veal bologneses were slightly bigger portion - but we all left hungry. Walked across the street to Kabab place and ordered Kabab & chips. 
This used to be our favourite place. No more unfortunately. 
Been here many times over the years, but the last visit was my last until things change here, as the food has really disappointed and in fact, made me ill on my last visit. There's no point in complaining as they will say its nothing to do with them.  
I have been going to Daphnes for many years now but this was my last visit. The food and service remain very good but the noise levels are completely unacceptable. Maybe its because we are close to Christmas but the front space appears completely overcrowded with tables. Some of these have at least 8 people on them and it is almost impossible to hear yourself speak. In addition they seem oblivious that we are experiencing unusually warm winter weather at present and it was far too warm inside. They did turn the air conditioning on later in the evening. Great shame as it was one of my favourites. 
i love the All Bar One chain and have happily frequented it all over the country especially Windsor, my home town. Perhaps they've "staffed up" for HM's celebrations and demand hasn't allowed them to be as selective as they normally are .... most of the team are charming and lovely, unfortunately one bad "R" apple .... 
We popped into Daphne's last Saturday as we were looking for a nice restaurant to have our wedding reception. We thought it would be worth a try as it had great reviews so we booked a table at 9.15 fairly last minute. 
Called in Feb to attempt to book a table/one of the smaller rooms for my birthday. The first staff member I spoke to was friendly and helpful who eas happy to book thier smallest room for 15 if i paid a depoait of £5 a head. When I called back again looking to book I was told they would be having a refit and they would take my details and call me back. I was also told by a a condescending manager that anything less than 20 people and they wouldn't give me a private room and was promised a call back to confirm a table after the refit was completed. 
with no one else waiting. The cocktail waiter seemed to find more important things to do as we waited for our cocktails, like fill an ice bucket and mop up other drinks. Had to ask for nuts and crisps at times, and there seemed to be arguing amongst the staff themselves! 
Had a meet up with friends on a Friday night and the management insisted we arrived before 8.00 pm or else they would not reserve us a table so things did not start well as staff seem to just be automatons that cannot be trusted to make decisions for themselves. So despite arriving on time we were virtually ignored by staff and had to actively seek out someone every time we needed something and fight for attention with all the other throngs of punters including getting stools to sit on! There seemed to be only one timid girl serving the whole front of half of tables which meant service was non existent. We ended up going straight to the bar to get served in the end before we feinted or lost the will to live. The management really need to take a leaf out of TGI Fridays book of customer service as here is a management problem sabotaging a prime location goldmine. The Phad Thai was passable and the Prosecco was excellent but we had to leave as waiting for dessert would have been mission impossible. Some poor bloke even had his jacket stolen with his phone in it just to reinforce our decision to leave early. Not worth the effort even if you have a voucher as no one seems to care.  
Ok, place to have a drink price's are very expensive and the bar it self is nothing special. There is a lot of nicer places in London for half the price with a better overall experience. 
So I’m not calling room service/olive’s restaurant again! It’s become quite tiring! We order a short pasta (they didn’t have penne) with cheese sauce and bruschetta. They sent pasta in one dish and grated cheese in another after confirming that it was cheese sauce and charged £12.50 and 30 mins to make. I give up! Watch for the hotel review next week!  
We have been eating at Daphne's for 20 years and could not wait to go back for a special dinner. However, the entire restaurant has been changed. Rather than elegant it is a loud bistrot. If that is what you want--the food is good. But it is not elegant or special in any way. 
I have been going to Daphne's for many years now, celebrated my birthday once there too and used to rely enjoy the place. Yesterday I went to a dinner there and I can say that it was one of the worst dinner experiences I have had. 
I've been to this All Bar One 5 times and only actually got served twice. Even though it's not been particularly busy any of these times it always seems to have very few staff or the staff are just pottering around not actually serving. Many times I've had to just leave as I haven't been served after waiting at the table for 15mins and actually trying to track down staff to get served - ridiculous! Today I went and managed to get served but it was very slow. All other All Bar Ones I've been to have been great but this one just never changes. On their plus side though the food is very good - great menu 
I went with a group of friends last weekend...the service was poor and unfriendly.  
Went in there for my Birthday this week, Waitress was very abrupt and rude. When we questioned the fact our Cocktails did not taste very Alcoholic, she replied in a rude manner that she made them herself therefore there was Alcohol in them, and if I wanted another shot then id have to pay...fair enough, however no offer of re making them for us....then said to my husband that if he was driving he should not have any more....then she proceeded to be bolshie and arrogant for the remainder of our Lunch. 
The service in this place has gone downhill. Been eating here for years however the wait for food 45 mins for lunch not acceptable. Brought it to attention of more than one staff member however staff not bothered and cold. Clearly understaffed however when food eventually arrived it was tasty as usual .  
We decided to visit this restaurant as we had 50% off the full bill with Gourmet Society. After we sat down and ordered our food and drinks, for some unknown reason we noticed waiters giving us some “looks” like we are not meant to be here. Food was actually nice, can’t fault it, we had Bruschetta as a starter, Gnochetti and Pork belly as mains. However paying for a small piece of pork 20 pounds with no side is ridiculous; moreover, the waitress did not even mention that side needs to be ordered separate (even though it’s normal in Italy we are not used to have separate side and main in England). When I asked for the bill, I mentioned that I will be using Gourmet Society card, so waiter calls his supervisor and when he came back he said that they don’t except those, after showing him that they actually should as it’s on their website he still didn’t want to give up half of the bill and said I needed to book that 24h in advance, so we had a small argument about the terms and conditions which does not state that I need to do that, with no apology supervisor left and dropped final bill on our table with I would say 40% of discount?? To sum up, nice food but don’t go there if you are hungry because portions are tiny and bit too expensive. Also staff should be bit more relaxed and less rude.  
What has happened? Our first visit post the refurb and we will not be rushing back. The revamped restaurant looks lovely, fresh, colourful and with a feel of the original.The food was ok but no more, from a menu that was lacking in originality. What let it down was the poor service. The place wasn't over busy but we were rushed through despite being reassured the table wasn't needed again. So no excuse to try to remove the first course plates when two diners were still eating. And no excuse whatsoever to reach right across the table to serve the next course rather than walk round the table and serve from the side as is traditional. More staff training please Mr Caring.  
Beautiful restaurant, average service, standard food, good location, large menu, staff were a little inattentive and brash. 
I went to this restaurant for lunch for my birthday as a special treat. 
We recently stayed at the Bailey's Hotel and paid for breakfast which was at the Olives Restaurant.  
I have used this place on several occasions at the request of others. Invariably, trying to buy a drink at the bar is utterly frustrating as the bar staff appear to be trained to look at you but not see you and to cleverly always serve the last person to appear at the bar first. 
The food and service are average, the ambiance and the decoration are very poor. İ would try another italian restaurant in London. 
Two separate members of the bar staff were rude, one incredibly so. I was shocked by how rude she was to me. The waiter was abrupt and did not have the ability to smile or make customers feel welcome. The food was okay but laced with too much garlic. All bar and waiting staff need lessons in customer service and their bad attitude addressing. 
Went in for cocktails with friends after work. I was served probably the worst Long Island Ice Tea I've ever tasted in my life. Too much ice and poorly made. A classic cocktail made very badly. Disappointing. 
The food was wonderful and definitely worth trying. However, the service was something else! At one point my guest even commented on the standard, which isn’t great when you’re there on business.  
I came here to treat my girlfriend for a nice meal and whilst it is a nice place the food portions are shockingly small and a complete rip off. Avoid! I paid 26 pounds for the Tagliatelle with seafood Pasta and it was like a starter. I have paid half as much in other Italian restaurants and received 3/4 times as much Pasta. A bit of a joke. My girlfriend got Lasagne and she does not eat large portions and even she was shocked.  
I've been out for drinks many times at All Bar One and never had an issue except for the queues for the bar, which can be expected for a busy bar. However I did not expect this to be the case during the afternoon on a Sunday when my wife suggested grabbing a bite to eat. We found our way to our own table, found our own waitress and was informed that we needed to order at the bar. Our food arrived alarmingly quickly, the food was OK, except the bread of my burger was still cold or not defrosted / microwaved correctly. I had to follow up for my simple request of some mayonnaise after 10 minutes as the waitress had forgotten, there was also no apology. I then went to the bar to order a dessert for my son and had to wait 15 minutes. The bar staff paid no attention as to which customer should be served next and 4 people were served ahead of me who had arrived after me while I was trying to entertain a 4 year old who was patiently waiting for the rest of his meal. Being overlooked repeatedly was very frustrating to I aired my views with the Manager who was apologetic but very clearly out of her depth in Managing with a busy town centre bar and restaurant. Invest in some quality staff and this venue could make an absolute killing!! 
There seemed to be no manager, no coordination of service and chefs. No communication to customers of where food was. Food arrived and had been sitting waiting for service for ages (sitting under heated lamps is a give away). Rather unremarkable quesadillas, over heated kids fish and chips. None of the waiters looked like they wanted to be there. Shame on this usually dependable staple! 
On a visit here 8th April and I must admit I was disappointed. I ordered the pulled pork burger but when it arrived, the burger was cold and the pulled pork felt as if it had just been taken out of the freezer. This was replaced but trying to get any of the staff's attention in order to complain proved more than taxing. More concerning was a member of staff who was making hot drinks at the bar who used a long spoon to stir a hot chocolate, then, after making it, licked the spoon clean and put it back on the coffee machine. Initially I thought he had made the drink for himself, but he then took it to a customer and even more concerning was that he used the spoon he had just licked clean to make the next hot chocolate. His hygiene faux pas did not end there.. his nose started to run slightly but instead of using some tissue, wiped it with his hand and without washing them, promptly picked up someone's meal and delivered it to them. Overall the meal was disappointing and not good value for money. Don't think I will be visiting again if my experience is standard for the place. 
We wanted to try out Bills next to All Bar One but it was a 30 minute wait so decided why not it's only for a drink! 
My wife and I visited here for dinner. Waiter was friendly but service was terribly slow and inattentive. Bruschetta starter was very good, however the dinner, when we finally got it was average at best (I had the lamb and my wife had gnocchi). If it had great service and average food or poor service and great food, it'd be ok, but poor service and very average food combined for a mediocre experience. 
Just had lunch with my family and it was terrible food. I have eaten in here and never had an issue before.  
Going down hill after super re vamp - food not consistent and after one great evening the Saturday night dinner of Ragu pasta was like dog food and not worthy of considering to eat it. pity as a few days before it was so good I opted to have it based on what I had sampled before! 
The place is nice but the service was so slow ... They messed up a few times on a simple glass of wine ... The food came out after 35 minutes and the waiter deliver that to the table next to us... Not good...avoid 
The restaurant has been lovingly revamped and looks great, the staff and service were both friendly and efficient. 
Nice location and enjoying the Steel Band playing nearby but the service, oh dear! You lose the will to live!!! When it are used it was ok however.  
Service is increasingly disappointing. They used to have good managers here, but they have been replaced by inexperienced ones, resulting in a less than good experience. 
The ads outside promised a lot more than what we got. Food was very tasty (if pricey) but we left to have dessert and coffee elsewhere because there was NO atmosphere and waiter service left quite a bit to be desired. Has potential but disappointing. Not surprised the HUGE restaurant was completely empty 
We were invited here by friends on Saturday for a celebratory pizza. It seems a popular place, with its contemporary decor and attentive, friendly service.Sadly the food was below par and overpriced.  
Went there on Sunday with my wife and the man at the counter would not come over to take our order. I am just used to people doing that I guess. I thought he was a miserable sod. It spoiled my breakfast.  
Went to Olive Restaurant after reading the reviews online as I thought it sounded nice. For future customers - avoid, other nicer Italian chains and independents with more favoured and tasty food. Expensive, over priced food, with tiny portion sizes. Service was ok, just shocked to receive a 40% service charge bill at the end of an average meal. Will not be going back in a hurry. 
We booked a table by the window to have a nice view of the street but ended up getting one of the worst seats in the restaurant.  
Very poor experience for a Sunday night. Walked into the restaurant around 9pm and were told that the kitchen was still opened. I realised it was a bit late but we weren’t the last customers in. The bread we were served was quite dry and the waiter looked quite unhappy with us ordering a few mixed dishes to share. Not one smile at all. Staff didn’t seem very happy. Food wasn’t amazing and weren’t too impressed. The fried zucchini was good. Scallops needed salt. Calves liver was over cooked but still tasty.  
Takeaway ordered for delivery last week via Uber eats this week ordered direct. Delivery estimate is 1 hour but on both occasions have had to chase it up after 90 minutes. Food is great but won’t order again  
Have eaten many times at Sonny’s and always loved the perfect blend of great food and a really good room. Sadly the latter has been bulldozed with a makeover that dispenses with eclectic art and replaces it with an ambiance of a corporate airport lounge. Tonight we ate delicious food in a grey, badly lit (awful lights) space that overrode any sense of enjoyment. Too many members of staff enthusing over what the establishment’s intentions were versus what we were actually experiencing. Every tine we’ve ever left Sonny’s (unwillingly after a last drink) it’s been with thoughts of returning. Tonight our walk home was all about where are new ‘treat’ restaurant might be. What a waste. 
We went for lunch as my husband wanted to eat Indian food. As we stepped inside there were nobody around. We had to go look for them. The person who came to serve us looked As if he just woke up. He was so dirty and so so smelly, I wanted to puke. I think he doesn’t shower.  
The service was poor. The food is not the good quality it used to be. There was one particular waiter who was loud and rude! Where is the boss that used to run this restaurant? We definitely won't be returning. Remember there is a lot of competition out there! 
Lovely people. Cool place. Nice food. But only go if you can spare an hour waiting for your food. With very little in the way of apology. Just that a big order came in before us. Pretty shambolic. But nice to hang out in if you’re not hungry.  
Been many times but on this occasion a large hair was in my chicken curry long clearly marinated in I had to pull it out of chicken made me feel very sick we reported it he cleared the hair in question apologised and took 7.00 of bill will not be going back the house wine is terrible as well 
The restaurant and bar are very nice, however, both service and food leave a lot to be desired. Bar and restaurant staff are pretty much miserable and uninterested with not much of a clue. Menu appears to be nice but unfortunately does not live up to how good it sounds, food was bland and tasteless. Could be much improved with some work!  
Booked a table in the restaurant as my mother in law had come to visit. Location is great, right next to the tube, and the decor was pleasant.  
We had the meat burgers and teriyaki chicken stir fry and can safely say these were the saltiest meals we've ever eaten. Clearly the chef has decided everything needs to be saturated in salt which left us leaving the establishment very thirsty. Perhaps this is a crude ploy to make you drink more but whatever the reason if you don't like your food 'well seasoned' then I suggest you avoid eating here and just stick to having a drink. 
When I was there last year, the Shipwreck Lodge in the Namibian coastal desert, dinner was a delightful experience of quality, taste, choice and atmosphere. The staff were talented, trained to perfection, happy and welcoming. Church Rd has nothing much in common with the Lodge, except they both serve bread and tap water but at Church Rd you will pay £5,50. No charge at the Lodge. 
Without wishing to dig too deep the staff were unhelpful and rude. The waitress was denigrating the cooking skill and lineage of the chef. 
We came to Woody's for lunch during the lunch break of TEDx at the Rose Theatre because it was promoted to the audience of 900 as one of just 6 restaurants nearby offering a special TEDx discount on the day. 
Literally the worst mohito ever! Taste is bitter and so not minty(there is only one leaf in my glass)  
Booked for 3 last Friday evening to sit outside. First alarm bell the day before when they rang to say outside tables could not be reserved. Second alarm bell - when we got there, the place was almost empty ??? Starter was baked camembert which was nice but the chilli sauce really didn't go with it. When the mains came they didn't first of all clear the starter debris ?? I ordered Laksa and after a few minutes they said they had no noodles ( how can you possibly start out on a Friday evening with not even dried or frozen noodles ?)I reluctantly agreed to rice instead as there was nothing else on the menu that took my fancy. When it came it was a thin curry sauce and very small portion. My partner had a pork dish - again more like starter size and the 3rd dish was burger with fries which were cold and very salty. When asked if we had enjoyed the meal I said no and they gave us 20% off. That was ok but the point was we had travelled from South London for a nice meal out by the Thames and this place just didn't come up to scratch which for the price charged it should have done. Sorry won't be returning. 
Burgers were rubbery and tasteless,hand cut double fried chips were just un-peeled potato slices which were soft (hardly double fried) the Hungarian goulash,although tasty, would have been much improved with a thicker sauce and more meat content.  
First time I have been to Simla Pink and found the food to be warm and the masala very weak in taste. Will definitely not be going again. 
I really wanted to try the Dum Phukh style biryani I enjoyed in India. And based on the strength of the reviews I drove over an hour to try their Lamb Biryani. It was a takewaay. I was thoroughly dissappinted. It was thoroughly greasy and disgusting. And neither was it cheap at £11.95. I have in recent months become very dissapointed on the experiences I have had chosen based on TA reviews. I will now tread very carefully before I believe the reviews because I believe there are a lot of bogus ones. 
We just thought of having a dum biryani and after reading all reviews of Kadiris we drove 6 miles for a takeaway. Food was not at all good except paneer butter masala. Veg biryani was pathetic. Instead we would have taken food from some local takeaway.  
Having eaten in many Greek and Lebanese restaurants, we had high hopes discovering a new one in Windsor. The decor is superb, fresh and recently entirely refurbished. We ate on a Saturday night at 7:15pm. It was quiet and got seated quickly upstairs. There were three people working. Two front of house and the chef (the lady co-owner I understand).  
Ive been to Shimla a few times over the years, and only ever had one bad experience of waiting for a takeaway, but that was New years eve, so totally understandable. 
WHAT A SHAME! 
Went here with a couple of friends as it's a lovely spot on the river. The food, however, was pretty bad. We had the vege-burgers which were mayo-sodden and generally unappetising. We asked for ketchup to go with the chips and were given a sauce that tasted like passata. Old passata. 
Visited on New Year's Eve. We booked the early sitting and were told on the phone that we had to be out by half 9, a reasonable request. We arrived at 7 and ordered around 7.15 pm. By 8pm we still hadn't received our food, we asked where it was and finally started eating around 8.20pm. At 9, we had just finished eating, we were given the bill but it seemed to have been added up wrong. There were four of us and we asked to pay separately which seemed to distress the waiter who was clearly in a rush to get us off the table. He added it up twice in front of us, using a calculator, each time asking us what each of us had and cheekily adding a service charge each time, which I didn't really want to pay seeing as the service wasn't great! Both times, the amount he got was a lot less than the original bill we had been given. He tried to get us to pay it anyway saying 'its New Year's Eve' which was a bit pushy and we refused. Overall, not impressed. It seemed like we were being punished for our food taking so long to come! Won't be going back I'm afraid, a shame as the food itself was reasonably priced and really good! 
I have been here before and noticed how miserable the staff are here. Customer service??  
Love this place for drinks, have been several times (great beers selection). However, had the food for the first time on the weekend and was seriously disappointed - The portions were far too small to warrant the prices (about £10-£12 per main) and the chips were undercooked This needs to be seen to. If the food and portion sizes improve, I will be back! 
Had a lot of expectations of this restaurant touted as "london's best biryani"... whilst the biryani was decent, this is definitely not the best. I would rate Chutney Mary, La Porte des Indes and even Hounslow £3 curry express biryani better than this. 
This use to be our regular place to eat and our regular takeaway however.... 
Booked with enthusiasm , after reading reviews.. 
The decor might be quirky and fun with a nice atmosphere inside but the food was overpriced and poorly executed. The burger, at £10 each, was small, tasteless and not well cooked throughout with little spread on the bun and a couple of salad leaves to finish it off. The burger came with a few chips, not bad but nothing special. Good variety of beers and drinks available but as I went there to eat the food I was very disappointed by the it. 
For the second time in a month (and we've only been twice), we have had to wait more than an hour and a half to be served. When we questioned the service charge, which was added automatically, the Manager never even offered an apology, he just argued with us. "Everyone has had to wait. If you want the food you have to wait". An appalling attitude that shows no respect whatsoever for their customers.  
Ordered a fillet steak sandwich, was not asked how I want the steak, when served all I got was 3 small pieces of well done steak in 2 very thick Alice's of bread. No salad and a handful of fries. I expected a bit more for £10  
This is an Italian restaurant with prices equal to an upscale restaurant, but the quality of the food is mediocre. Also, the portions are very small.  
It was busy on Thursday evening so we waited longer than I would have liked between starter and main. When my husband s arrived it was hot but looked and tasted as if it had been waiting on the side for ages. My chicken slasslick arrived hit and sizzling but the whole meal was ruined as my husbands was awful. Sorry we won't be back. 
I wouldn't bother - nice staff but very small portions at a ridiculous price for what you get. I had the risotto which had mushrooms and pancetta in - the amount was the equivalent of a small pack of butter - and a small diet coke - £20! I wish that the Burger King opposite had been my first choice now! 
We used to go here regularly when it first opened and loved it but over the past year it's gone very much like a crèche with families blocking tables with buggies and they have as a result lost their couples customers! Food s basic but good and the platters are very good. Shame really as its in a great setting but too many young families there now.  
Just had a delivery meal, had to wait 1 hr , when it arrived the food was cold and main meal had no taste, we have take ways and deliverys 3 times a month not up to standard. 
I made an online reservation for the Meejana restaurant in mid November for a Christmas celebration meal with friends for 8pm on December 22nd. I received a confirmation of my booking from their online booking facility ‘ResDiary’. I received a follow up confirmation email on 20th December, which I responded to. 
I reviewed this restaurant really positively at the beginning of the year but Unfortunately it was not the same experience today. I had booked a table for 7.30 with email confirmation but they had written it down for 8.30. We waited for about 10minutes for a table which wasn’t a problem.  
Have eaten in a few times and the place is variable. 
They make biryani in same way as all other restaurants do. Only those people admire their biryani who never have eaten a proper biryani in their life. Biryani always makes by bringing together meat curry with boiled rice in a way that they create a beautiful taste which is called biryani. It's not just by mixing rice and curry when customer place an order but it should be made with layers. I am sorry but what they claim best biryani in London is none sense. If someone really wanted to taste better biryani then please try "Karachi Cuisine" near tooting. 
Below average food and way overpriced sadly! Charging £18 for prawn biryani and over £4 for a glass of mango lassi is too excessive given the area. The prawn biryani was very soggy and tast isn't great at all. Waiter was nice but the guy at the counter didn't smile once and very rigid! Definetly won't be coming back. If you want real authentic indian food head over to southall which isn't too far from where they are. 
Considering this cafe is meant to be for families, it isn't great for buggy access, especially for the tiny garden. We also had to walk through a wall of smoke from staff / customers having cigarettes outside near the entrance.  
I went there with my gf for a takeout. I ordered the chicken tandoori and nan bread, as had experienced a very oily (even though i had specificaly indicated less oil to the waiter) and tasteless curry on an earlier visit. I like the complementary chilli sauce that Kadiris do, so asked for a bit more. Found a £3.50 charge was added to my bill because i had the audacity to ask for more chilli sauce! I paid the charge as I was with my gf and didnt want to make a fuss, but never went back there. The food is below average for the prices they charge, never had the biryani though. 
I read the reviews and was excited to try out the dum biryani. The service was good and quick. The food was sadly not as good and the price was higher than average (certainly not value for money). The restaurant was nice and clean just an absolute shame about the food. 
We recently ordered a home delivery by phone and live in the area. The menu clearly states free delivery in Willesden but they have the audacity to say it's £5 which I questioned and they then removed. Went through the order and at the end they say you can't pay by card and only cash. It doesn't state cash on the menu and simply shows cards they take but for online. They cancelled the order then I went online and this had a £5 delivery charge. Just ridiculous. I then rang back and ordered and went to a cashpoint to get money in the rain. Now they have card machines and could have easily done it but it's a money grabbing operation. 
I ordered lasagne which I imagined would be oven baked. What I received was a very small portion of pasta with some plainish mined meat between the layers. There was no sign of bechemel sauce or cheese topping or being oven baked. That was all that was on the plate and at £8 I was very disappointed.  
I have been going to restaurdbtd around Londonfot many years looking for the best curry. I can probably say I have been to more Asian restaurants than the average person who normaly fine dines out, from michilin star to half run fine Pakistani to Indian restaurants. The food was average not the greatest but what bothered me the most is when the bill arrive. I am not one of those who cares about price I pay what ever it is. When i looked at the bill i was charged extra for chilli sauce, we are at an Asian restaurant and chilli sauce is expected and to be fair we only asked for the chilli sauce because the food was not hot enough even though we asked for the food to be very hot. Then I scroll down and see there is an extra charge underneath the biriyani (biriyani already is at 10.50 for a small portion). So I call the waiter and ask him what is this extra charge and he had the audacity to turn around and say we charged extra 50p because you asked for the biriyani to be extra hot. I was shocked as firstly the biriyani was mild and secondly if there is something different from the Norm I should be notified there will he am extra charge. The biriyani is not the best in London and the food isn't the greatest. Out of principle I would advise nobody to go this restaurant as it felt as if they are hiding and adding extra charges on the bill without the customer knowing... The waiter was even embarrassed to to tell me what the charge was for he had to whisper it to me as he was humiliated at it too and said "its not my fault sorry".  
went there only one person serving in till need to order food and i want to try 8 oz steak i ask for well done but it came medium not able to chew meat just finished vegetables. 
Ordered mushroom spaghetti for vegetarian, chicken came instead. They offered to replace but because the food had turned up later than everyone else’s would have eaten on my own. Ordered meringue ice cream but no meringue, when I complained they brought out the box with label saying it was meringue ice cream. Owner was upset for herself not interested that I was upset as it was hubby’s birthday 
I have always enjoyed Prêt A Manger sandwiches - they are a little pricey, but usually have plenty of filling and an interesting range. However, the grilled asparagus roll that I bought at King's Cross recently was awful, with very little filling and very dry and heavy bread. I left at least half of the bread. I will be very careful about my choice of sandwich at Prêt in future. 
Sorry I live locally and try to support independent businesses and avoid the big chains. Have tried this Pizza restaurant 3 time over the last 6 months and unfortunately it hasn't got any better. The pizzas are poor quality, soggy and lack flavour and seasoning. Sorry but I won't be trying a 4th time 
I have ordered from Kadiris via a third party website and I was quite impressed with the food. When I tried to order again some weeks later via the same site the order was rejected stating they could not deliver to my postcode as it was too far. I contacted Kadiris who stated they could deliver if I paid a delivery charge of £7.00. I explained they had delivered to me before and according to the website delivery is free on orders over £25.00. My order was over £25. At this point I was told delivery is only free in the Willesden area where the restaurant is based. This doesn't make sense when I'm 10-15mins away from this restaurant. I think they were making up excuses as they went along. I'm not impressed and will not order or eat in this restaurant again. 
We went for our friends’ annual Christmas dinner, which was unfortunately spoilt by the overall experience. We enjoyed the food and the service was friendly but not adequate at all. When in need of something there was consistently absolutely no one in sight to the point we had to get up to find someone and ask, and no one mentioned that our table would be right by the the door, knowing from the booking that we had a small child. But the evening was extremely cold so it mattered as the door opened constantly with people going in and out on a busy Saturday. That table would have been ok for drinkers, not diners. We were given a couple of stools, in fact, but asked for chairs! The delay between the starters and mains was so long that we decided to order espresso martinis to wake us up. The mains arrived and they got mine wrong (despite having pre-ordered a week in advance) so I had to wait for what felt like a while as everyone else at the table had started eating. There was no apology, no mention of the delays, errors and lack of attention. We reluctantly paid the £40 service charge knowing we would not be back. 
Popped in for lunch thinking we’d be able to have a decent burger and a pint or two. No complaints about the pints...extensive and rotating selection of beers on tap. The food, however was entirely mediocre. One member of our group had the scotch egg and enjoyed it. The accompanying wedge salad was underwhelming. Four of us had burgers which resembled and tasted like fast food burgers, even wrapped in paper like a chain burger. The vegetarian toasted quinoa selection looked wholly unappetizing, had a strange taste, and was very salty. Bravo for a proper glass of cold soda water with ice and lime. Not easy to find in London. Go for the drinks and atmosphere, skip the food.  
The Sunday roast beef was not up to par nor was the chicken salad...very little chicken! Price far too high for what we got. Wouldn’t go again. 
I recently took some clients to the one in Notting Hill, raving about the unbelievable buffalo wings, only to find out that they have sadly been taken off the menu. I love the Mall Tavern and the staff are great but this was a real let down. I third the other comments, please bring the wings and sauce back. 
I had a lovely salad last week in the cafe, so ordered a pizza take away.. The flavour was nice but it was covered in so much cheese it was uneadable  
We moved into the area and were very excited to have an authentic family run Italian right opposite our house. We booked at the first opportunity and were looking forward our meal only to be greeted by a very grumpy impatient waitress. We were expected to order food immediately and every time we took time to decide the waitress decided to move to next customer very quickly. This made us feel very uncomfortable and made the whole dining experience a bad one. Leaving the restaurant I said thank and bye to this lady only to get a blank stare from her. 
I went there seeing all these reviews especially about my favourite dish, biriyani. The waiter brought a pile of pilau rice and i wondered if they bring the curry later. Biriyani is meant to be moist and mixed with the meat but all I could see was rice. I dug into the rice and found a simple chicken curry tucked underneath, with no special flavour of biriyani; apparently its left to us to mix it up. Even on mixing it tasted like an ordinary curry mixed with rice. I could do that at home..didnt have to come to Kadiri's for that. Not impressed at all. OH also, did i say chicken, thats right, its because they got my order for lamb biriyani wrong and brought chicken instead and offered no gesture of good will. Expected me to eat the wrong order and when i insisted on another dish i was met with hesistance and a condition that I should pay for the difference. WoW..wat a splendid gesture of good will!!! 
Had to wait to be seated even though it wasnt busy, after asked to be moved and placed by the door while majority of the tables were empty, waiting stuff was rushed and stressed, starters arrived way before the drinks and main course arrived in 40mins. İ Would like to say food made it up, as it was freshly cooked and full of flavour, all courses including sides was in detail and delicate but over all experience and the atmosphere is making it a difficult decision to return.Waiting staff were eitherin the kitchen or behind the bar most of the evening and had to wait for the bill for 15mins and eventually went and paid at the bar, 10% service charge was doubtfully deserved...  
We went to the restaurant when they were close to closing. They were very nice to accommodate us. However, the food felt like left overs and it wasn't a cheap restaurant to pay that much for that kind of food. It was really crowded and there were lots of people hanging out there getting drinks. 
We were going to put flowers on family plot in Kensal Rise and decided to have lunch at Big Bites, normally there every Monday for lunch and often pop in for coffee when I'm out and about. 
Came in for a roast after reading lots of good reviews about the food.  
I was very disappointed with the roast served today. Being a vegetarian you are very limited to what you can order for roasts (which is fine) but you would expect the nut roast to be of an okay standard. I had one bite and the flavour and texture of the nutroast was very unpleasant. The roast potatoes were very dry, the veg was very basic (boiled carrots, boiled broccoli and some cabbage) and the Yorkshire, well I would have rathered an aunt Bessie's yourkshire pudding as the pubs tasted liek cardboard!  
I ordered an Americano coffee and a jacket potato with cheese. I sent the coffee back as it was like drinking a cup of hot water and I’m sure it was not an Americano because the second cup was fine. 
They dunk the tea bags here, I told the guy serving it’s too weak, he made it again they actually fill a bit of tea with water and they poor it straight away in the end I asked for a refund And he has no manners of customer service skills whatsoever  
We went for Sunday lunch a week ago. We booked for 5 including 2 young children at 5pm.  
Tried takeaway based on all the very positive reviews. I found the food was lacking flavour and depth. It just didn't deliver unfortunately and was well below par of what I'm used to. There wasn't a problem with ingredients, just the flavours from the cooking. Maybe it was a bad day? 
Good pizza but terrible service. They would not take our order even though we would put our hands up multiple times, no smile at all. It is like they are doing us a favour to sit at their table. I ordered some more tap water and as it did not come  
Excellent Pizza Made The Real Napoelatan Way. 
The Mall Tavern used to be one of my favorite pubs for great food and lovely warm atmosphere. The restaurant area has now been changed into a crammed space where people are stuffed on narrow tables with not much leg room and loud music playing hence difficult to have a proper conversation without raising the voice. The food is no longer what it was either and the service was slow. I had a tasteless fish and chips -very dry cod-. I unfortunately will no longer be going to the Mall Tavern...except perhaps the Chef's Table which is outstanding. Let's hope at least that hasn't changed! 
And now it has really plummeted, at least as the good goes... Many more beers on tap, but it was such a lovely restaurant before...I hope their new format is working for them....I will ship this place next time unless I am looking for a nice beer... 
On Fridays Tapelia offers two tapas dishes for the price of one before 5pm. But there's a catch... 
The pizza is amazing but the service is really bad. The waiter had obviously no will to be working and everything was really slow. 
I was really looking forward to eating at tapelia and excited for the new addition to Northfields and tapas on our doorstep. We finally ate there this afternoon and sadly were extremely disappointed. Every dish we ordered was tasteless and the sausage and chickpea dish seemed to be missing the sausage. The bread and butter ordered at the start was even more disappointing.  
As it's too noisy to hold a conversation in there, it doesn't work as a venue. The place looks really good, with great lighting and friendly staff, but, if you can't talk, what's the point? If they would only turn the volume down just a few notches, I would give this place 5 out of 5. Unfortunately, the prohibitively loud music just kills it stone dead. It's very sad and frustrating and one has to question the logic of the bar-staff having it so loud, when it's an early to mid-evening venue, closing at 12am. It's not a night-club, after all; it's a local boozer! 
Whilst it was a busy Sunday lunchtime our table was disappointed in both the main course food and the service here. The pork belly was overcooked and dry, and the pie sauce was thick and congealed. The starters were good. Excellent scotch eggs, and an interesting dip, but the rest let it down. The service was very slow indeed. Even the coffees took 20 minutes to arrive. It points to an establishment that has over stretched itself. 
We were excited about the idea of an authentic tapas restaurant on the doorstep. We only stopped in for dessert so I cannot comment on the savoury offering. 
I went here last Sunday for a roast with my boyfriend to catch up with my sister. It took ages for our food order to be taken & just our luck that the table of 10 next to us (who arrived after our table of 3) got their order taken before us. Subsequently our food took a very long time to come out. Finally got our food, I had asked for ketchup & water which never came and my roast was cold. I wish I had the courage to step out & send my meal back but because I wasn't getting the ketchup & water I had asked for I didn't want to wait again for my food.  
I ve read the reviews and think it’s over rated. The ambience was lovely. Only one person on the floor serving ten people. Service was slow and relaxed.  
I am a big fan of Spanish food so I decide to go to this restaurant with some friends yesterday evening... Unfourtunately It was a bad decision. We ordered some tapas and a bottle of red wine to go with it... first of all, The ambience looks tired and not very clean. The service was quick but we were very disappointed by the low quality of the food... We started with some “Croquetas” which weren’t that bad but very faraway from the spanish standards. The worse came later... The octopus and the prawns weren’t fresh at all, the “tortilla” was absolutely tasteless, and the “albondigas” were horrible in flavours, color and presentation... Considering my personal experience all I can say is “ If u like spanish food stay away from this place”. 
In this day and age how any eating establishment can allow dogs on the premises is beyond me. Try eating your meal while a dog feeds off the plates of the people at the next table and see how much you enjoy it.  
This evening. Service was very good. The wine was delicious, but the cow pie was just bad, a maddening let down. The crust on the pie was a shade under burnt, and the meat was very tough and chewy. It was as if the tough end of a slow roasted hard husk of meat had been snipped off and put in the pie. Very bad and very very chewy. The bone marrow on the side had been over done and there was no marrow in the bone at all. It was just crusted herbs. I will never have this again. That said the Mac n Cheese was widely praised. 1 course dinner, with chicken popcorn shared before - £50 a head! 
Let’s begin with the good points:- 
I'd been looking forward to dinner at Zuma for a long time, and while the food was very good, my experience was poor due to the service. I was 6 months pregnant and asked our waiter for help with ordering. I was in a large group and couldn't eat a lot of the dishes that were being ordered so I asked what would be ok for me...he shrugged and was really unhelpful almost mocking, suggesting I try the wagyu beef and other dishes that are obviously not ok for a pregnant woman...he talked to me as if I was a fussy eater and I felt really embarrassed. You might expect this from a chain restaurant, but somewhere like this you'd hope the staff would be better trained. It was my worst experience in a restaurant when pregnant (and I eat out a lot), and I will not be returning.  
Zuma London has turned into a big headed restaurant. The environment is nice and its a cool atmosphere. Our visit there though leaves us though with a feeling of having paid far too much for a poor experience. Shortly in bullets:  
The food is still great but don't go here if you are worried about the virus. Nothing has changed since before lockdown, tables are as close as ever, the restaurant was packed and no evidence of extra cleaning measures. It makes a mockery of those restaurants trying to do their bit and keep things running for all of us. 
Atmosphere fine but lamentably poor service. Simply not enough waiting staff nor chefs. There was just 3 chefs for easily 100 + covers. 
What a disappointment. The food was poor and very overpriced. A green salad consisted of two lettuce leaves and cost nearly £3! We did complain and they did take one of the salads off the bill. It was 2for1 on the cocktails for happy hour. We were not allowed to order 2 different cocktails though. We won't be returning.  
We unfortunately ate here on the first night of our European holiday. The food is quite good and the beer is too, however my wife dropped her purse on the floor. An honest barman found it and put it behind the bar (brief joy) we went to collect it and someone had stolen it (dismay) obviously someone on staff or a cleaner. Anyway, they barman who found it was reasonably helpful but that is where it ended. There was little attempt to search for the culprit or for that matter the purse. There was 120 pounds in the purse but more importantly all our credit cards, driving licence etc. We of course cancelled these immediately but this left us with the major inconvenience of being without cards. Pain in the backside. We told the manager that we were not worried about the money but wanted the purse and cards back. They never returned our calls nor answered our later e-mail when we travelled on. Extremely poor. 
Was disappointed with this.  
The Tavern had been recommended to us by two different friends so we went and gave it a try. What a disappointment! The noise as we walked in on a Friday night was deafening: I left with my vocal cords strained as I had to shout to my husband all evening long. At first, no one came towards us, so we had to grab a waiter and tell them we had a booking. After we had ordered, our starters came surprisingly fast. My husband's consisted of 2 sliced tomatoes -- for £6.50! Mine was chestnut hummus: now hummus is a fairly dense, creamy paste (usually of chick pea) and I was given a portion that only an ogre would have been able to finish. The pitta bread I was given with it stuck to my fingers... My main was better: lamb belly which tasted good but there were only 2 slices and the dish was priced at £16.50. My husband's salmon fish cakes were way too salty and cost £14.50. For dessert, we opted to share something called "banana and custard": when it came, the dish consisted of custard in balls of dough that were so sweet they set my teeth on edge and nearby a blob of again very sweet banana-flavored custard: the dish's name was totally misleading. And the dessert was nothing short of horrible. This is what I told our waitress. Speaking of her will allow me to end on a less than disastrous note. She smiled at us and was warm and she took the horrible dessert off our bill. In short, I am unsure what the chef there is aiming for: clearly fancy food but he is failing quite clearly. Make a change! 
The menu was stodgy and uninspiring. The salmon fishcakes were deep fried balls of mashed potato - I couldn't taste the fish. And my last mouthful had a small piece of what seemed like bacon in it. I don't eat pork. Pointed this out to the waitress, with no acknowledgement or apology. Perhaps the ambience on a weekend makes up for it, but I certainly wouldn't go there for the food. 
Very disappointed with lunch today, we have been here a few times and always found the meal to be delicious but today we were not happy. Starters were good but the main meal was disappointing......we had to ask twice for more gravy as the food was dry, we were served with half a carrot and one small piece of broccoli......why oh why don’t they give you a dish of veg.....sigh......after all they are so cheap to buy (Tesco are selling their veg for 29p) my chicken was slightly pink, the beef was fatty and the pork a very small helping. When the sweet arrived you could tell the sticky toffee pudding was dry, it had no sticky toffee in it just blob on the side, we had to ask for sauce which arrived as we had all finished! If the sauce was put on the pudding in the first place all would have been well. Coffee was good but again had to ask for the Petit fours, they kept forgetting! Not good enough.......bill was over £200! Will not be returning ☹️ 
I have been to multiple zuma restaurants worldwide. We made a reservation for a Saturday night and the only available booking was for 6pm with a stipulation that we vacate the table at 7.30. Now that the story has been set please let tell you our experience. We arrived at 5.55pm and found several people also waiting for the 6pm tables. The restaurant team were having their team briefing which ended at exactly 6.05pm. By this stage there were at least 10 tables waiting to be seated. By the time our coats were handed in and it was our turn to be seated it was 6.20pm. We were given our menus and left to it. Our order was taken at 6.40pm, as you can imagine the waiters were rushing around all the tables that were seated at the same time. Drinks took some time to arrive and food started to arrive by 7pm. The food as expected was amazing and we just wanted to take your time and savour it. We were just discussing ordering more of various dishes when the manager arrived at the table at 7.25pm to remind us that we need to vacate at 7.30. We explained that we were still in the process of our meal but he 
I would like to start by saying that the food there is outstanding. Unfortunately the price is quite high so you would expect top quality service and nice portions which is absolutely not the case. 
We were a large group and the lunchtime service was excellent and I cannot fault it. 
I arrived at about 6.20pm. I ordered a half tandoori chicken & a veg dhansak & paratha. The wait for my food was far too long. The tandoori chicken was tasteless, no taste of any tandoori spice whatsoever. I have made better myself at home using prepared spice mixes. I told the waiter just after I paid the bill, but I did not leave a gratuity & most likely I won't go back there. 
Booked a table for the 5 of us. Have been going to this Monty's sine 1986 always been fantastic food. Not tonight. The Pershawi Nan came out, half the size they normally are very think ans stodgy. When i mentioned to the owner, informed that the cooks hands were small. My wallet is small, but no reduction in the price. then the 3 boys ordered chicken, it was dry and not very nice. My prawn dish was made with shrimps (my choice for the past 15 years every visit) and also dry. No point in complaining as the cook would have had some other condition that was to blame for the poor food quality!!!!!! 
Poppadoms with limited variety of sauces served, who wants raw (chopped) onions on their breath? The mains arrived at intervals, some food was cold when it did arrive. Food was covered in cloying dry sauce, very small portions of uninteresting dry rice, the best thing was the naan, freshly baked! Restaurant was pretty full, very noisy and it felt like waiters were confused as to our order, what was still to come against what was ordered resulting in multiple trips to the kitchen. Also the price of dishes is too much for the quality of the food presented. Would not go there again! 
It's laid out and devote rated as if has aspitprations way above its station. 
Beautiful dining room. Reasonably friendly staff. Tepid breakfast. We were down to breakfast quite early. £13.50 EACH! Food pretty cold - cold baked beans are pretty horrid. Must have been stone cold for those down later. Won't bother with breakfast here again. 
To be fair, I think service-wise they were having an off-night (hopefully!) but I still wouldn't ever go again. 
It's only the quality of the food (perfectly reasonable though nothing special) that stops this being a one star rating. 
Went to Montys in Ealing Broadway - described as a nepalese restaurant - for the first (and last) time tonight. Staff waiting on tables were very nice which gave a good first impression. 
What a complete let down when it comes to good Indian food. It never kept its reputation. The place was cold , looked desolate and deserted. ( no wonder). Went for lunch and the service was very slow , considering we were the second table occupied. 
Came here one evening with three friends looking forward to a tasty curry. Service was ok but at times had to wait quite a bit to take our order and drinks etc. We had a selections of starters that were ok but not amazing. Portions were a bit small also. Main course was a disaster - my lamb jalfrezi was horribly salty and had no chilli spice or flavour to it whatsoever. Barely edible. Rice was fine and Naan bread was great. 
The atmosphere was incredible with nice setting and cool music..buzzy and trandy.Regarding service and food both really poor.My starters arrived before the wine not acceptable on this level of prices and my octopus (very dry)and the Irish beef (very poor quality) was very disappointing. 
We have eaten here many times before over at least the past 10 years, and always for my friend's Birthday which is on 7th December. In the past we have really looked forward to dining in the Garden Restaurant, absorbing the elegant surroundings and the 'service' which was always impeccable. Being in December it's a given that we will be provided with a 'festive style menu'. 
The food was good however the restaurant is in need of a good clean . The toilets are filthy and all the dirty table cloths are thrown on the floor by the toilets -disgusting. 
Food was ok. Service was friendly enough but very very slow. Afternoon tea was just put in front of us and at no point after were we asked if we would like anything else. When we wanted a second pot of tea we spent ages trying to get the waitress attention. My husband ended up going to the bar to get some drinks and we waited fifteen minutes for the bill. We asked if we could take away the rest of our afternoon tea cakes and the waitress bought us out a roll of tin foil. 
Steaks very chewy, one was almost inedible (they did deduct from the bill though). Had to wait ages for dessert. Staff very good and very apologetic. Ordered two sherries from the bar - they were served in tumblers! Barman had no idea what a sherry glass looked like! 
Order forgotten to room, then took 18 mins! Luke warm food. Soup we heated using a metal top off the plate and filling with kettle water! 
Came here for a big family do. Found the service generally ok, though not amazing.  
Service is ok but the food is a real let down. Over salted, the Chicken Tikka Bhuna was overly dry and insipid. I would try elsewhere. 
Decided to try the Sunday Buffet, encouraged as the place was busy. 
We have been coming to Monty's for many years and first met the eponymous Monty when he was at Ealing Tandoori back in the late seventies. It was always reliably wonderful - both food and service. In the last couple of years, perhaps through sheer back luck, our visits have seen the restaurant on the decline. A couple of days ago, after a period of absence, we dropped in for dinner. The place was packed and we were put on a table near the kitchen surrounded by boxes stacked up next to the toilets and the crash of crockery being returned to the washing up area. The service, which used to be so elegant and correct, has given over to a couple of overworked staff who look as though they've been roped in at short notice. The food was not just disappointing but, in the case of the Nepalese vegetable curry, inedible. We left feeling rather sorry that the glory days of the great Monty have been replaced with this depressing and lingering memory. 
Ate lunch here some time ago with a relative. It was mostly self-serve buffet. I thought it was all awful compared to what one can get elsewhere (well primarily in the US). 
Upon entering the restaurant on a Friday evening with no booking we were met with a cold request from the manager to take a seat, whilst they dins us table. We were then led upstairs by a waiter who showed us to the busy lively dining area. From ordering our food we had to wait over one hour 15 for it to arrive and it was only when one of our party said to the waiter this was unacceptable and that if it did not arrive we would have to leave and find food elsewhere. Then miraculously minutes later our food arrived.  
Visit a couple of weeks ago for dinner. The decor was nice, but it was a shame that on the internet and their own website at the time in the booking section one is able to book from 6pm but when you ring you are told 6.30 but you can have a drink in the bar beforehand which just adds to the bill. We expected some dress code and were very surprised that there isn't one. The food was very average and expensive. We had the prawns to start and for the price expected more than 4! I had cajun salmon which was just OK and quite a strange mix with chips, a grilledl mushroom and tomato . The fish and chips was average, and the fish pie just about OK. We had desert and the portion was minute but tasty, not worth the price though. We will not be returning. 
We have visited London many times and have been always advised to visit Zuma for sushi. So it was something like a myth to us. After managing to find a table for lunch on Sunday (for dinner during the weekend it was fully booked) we arrived there very happy and curious to taste Zuma's unique sushi. But it was a total disappointment. Apart from the environment which is much praised upon for no reason sushi dishes were far below the average level. We have eaten really splendid sushi for almost the same price elsewhere. Zuma's sushi is something you immediately forget once done. Please spend some time and check out for another sushi bar/restaurant out of the dozens thriving in London. Definitely Zuma doesn't deserve your money.  
I see many positive reviews, but my experience was poor. Starter of Prawn Puri was adequate. But the main course was a Monty;s special kebab. Served with pillau rice, which was good, and a bowl of daal - also fine. However the meat, in what purports to be a house speciality, was seriously undercooked. That is not good with chicken. I complained, and a replacement was done without hesitation - which is good - byt was so burnt that any flavour was drowned by the charred effect. Air conditioning non existent also, so my clothes stank the following day. One final point ... this is supposed to be a Nepalese restaurant. So, the obligatory momo apart, where are the Nepalese specialities. Errr .... 
bad experience and over priced sent the first stake back and the 2nd was no better won't be going back  
Had set menu of £17.50 but ended up paying £35. Extras were 1 lemonade, 1 roll, a dessert and a filter coffee. Veg was charged as extra as well but no mention of this either by the waiter or on the menu! Who eats just a piece of chicken on it’s own? To expect a set menu to include a selection of vegetable is not unusual, is it? 
We are lucky to dine out often and at very good restaurants and feel that we are fair judges of quality.  
I visited zuma for my 31st bday as I am a sushi lover. The sushi wasn’t tasty and the cold plates nothing special. We had to wait over an hour! for our order and the place was freezing cold. Our waiter was very polite but overall I wouldn’t recommend this place if you love creative authentic japanese cuisine!  
Where to start, it was our friends 21st anniversary and this is close to where we live. 
Very bad service my friends and I felt we were not welcome the waiter made it clear that too many Asians will make his customers uNcomfortable what cheap sell out  
Ate here on a Saturday lunchtime with my wife and parents. The welcome was warm and we were swiftly shown to our table. We were given the menus but no wine list. Asked for the wine list which was given to us on the second time of asking after waiting 5-10 minutes. The waiter then seemed a little irritated that I asked again. Ordered the food and waited in eager anticipation. My crab and prawn was a little sparse but my wife's salmon looked good as did my dad's mussels in white wine sauce. I then opted for the fillet steak medallions while my wife went for the halibut and my parents both went for the stroganoff. We each had a side of vegetables. To say the veg was lacking was an understatement. Half a dozen slices of sautéed potatoes, 3-4 green beans, a floret of broccoli and a floret of cauliflower each at £5.20 a portion. Please!!! On a more positive note the food was OK with the halibut nicely cooked. Ended on a nice dessert of millefeuille which I will admit was plentiful. Overall the service was very erratic, portions variable and generally over-priced which was a huge shame. 
Myself and my boyfriend visited this pub on Tuesday evening and had a table booked. Upon arrival, we queued up to order our drinks to find out that all soft drinks were unavailable apart from full fat/sugar lemonade and coke. Furthermore, these were poured from a plastic 2l bottle and were completely flat! We queued up a short while later to place an order for food which took over an hour and a half to arrive. Once the food arrived, they had gotten the order completely wrong and as the staff were so spass we struggled to complain about it. In the end we ended up giving up and walking out (because the bill was already paid).  
Waitress didn't know much about the menu. Kept walking over to the owner/manager who was sat at another table on his laptop. Why he didn't just get up and answer our questions is beyond me. 
We lived in Sidcup for years and frequented this restaurant very regularly. 
Last Tuesday 
Visited here for the first time for a family brunch. I had two poached eggs on toast. One egg was broken and only one slice of toast which was unbuttered as the eggs were already on top. Ordered a Cumberland sausage to go with, well the sausage was so small it was only slightly larger than a pig in blanket. Food not not. Very disappointed. Will not return here! 
My girlfriend had just graduated university, so her family were over from Poland. We used the opportunity to organise a joint family meal with both mine and hers where they were meeting for the second time only. I brought this up during the booking and asked that, because of this, we'd be able to have a table that overlooked the river if one was available. We were in luck and got a great table upstairs. When we got there, the downstairs was neither empty or busy, and we were the only people upstairs. We were told it's order drinks at the bar because we were early, so we did and went up, passing a 2-3ft mural on the wall that states very clearly "Full table service available upstairs". We waited for 20-25 minutes and sent someone down, only to be told that we had to order at the bar. A bit of a kick in the teeth considering how unbusy it was, and that there was only us upstairs. The food was a bit pricey, but I wouldn't have said the portions were small. Lastly the pies; girlfriend ordered a chicken and bacon one (I think) and I ordered a steak and ale. Hers was a proper pie, sides, bottom and top, and mine was a beef and ale stew in a casserole dish with a pastry hat! Felt a bit cheated as mine was more expensive, yet less of a pie. Service (for what there was) wasn't terrible, the ales were kept well and the venue is nice - it's just really let down by the fact a rare and special occasion was marred by false promises written on the walls and inconsistent food across the menu. 
Visited here for Lunch on a Saturday. Quality of ingredients and quantity were really bad against the price charged. My daughters meal from the children's menu was bigger than than a main course from the main menu!. Had better food in Greggs. Sadly it was the same last time we visited 6 months ago. The service was good and quick.. I am no food snob but £13 for a baguette and chips that looks like it costs under £3 was not impressive. Emailed the pub to complain that day. No reply 
I think this is one of those places where, due to the lovely setting, they can afford to do it badly because they realise that most people are unlikely to return.  
Beautiful location. Right next to the river, it can’t really get better. 
This pub is in a nice location on the river and is dog friendly and family friendly with lots of board games available. 
Boat outside playing live music which makes customers have to shout . Not Covid friendly. Then the chap comes round to customers touting for money which made me feel uncomfortable 
A nice small restaurant with friendly staff. The food looked great but the taste did not live up to our expectations. Beef noodle too bland and beef was a little bit tough. The boa's were expensive 2 for £8.50. Lamb and pork are recommended but chicken and beef wasn't so good. Aleo Vera drink was £2.50. If you have the cravings then visit but I personally won't be visiting again as I didn't find thw place as authentic. 
I have been eating at the Angler's for years and the food was always good. 
Firstly this is a great place to enjoy the river on a sunny day, they have good wine and the food is also good especially the breakfast. The only thing that stops me coming back regularly is the price. 2 glasses of wine and 2 bags of crisps lifted my leg for £26. That cant be correct surely.  
This place is expensive as everything is extra - sauce on your food, all veg (even the special "meals" do not include potatoes/rice/pasta just the meat/fish!). If you eat one of the olives on the table you'll be charged for all of them. Stock up on the bread rolls - they are free. food is good and fair proportions but it will cost you. 
Extremely average lunch today (7th September)...an open lobster sandwich described as toasted came on just a plain slice of white bread...two beers were sampled and both were off - does anyone check beers or clean lines before serving ? Loads of staff who seemed to be chatting to each other behind bar...no one asked how food was...a young girl seemed to do most of the waiting ....one poor girl sneezing and coughing behind bar - should she have been at work ? Everything a bit slow..overall very hit and miss...expensive for what we had...maybe it was a bad day at the office but today was not a good visit... 
Had dinner at the Anglers yesterday for my birthday celebration - was pretty disappointing. Had a pornstar martini that tasted like squash. Shared the meatfree platter which was brought to us without any Nachos. Went back to the bar to ask where they were and why they were missing to be told they had run out, but were still charged full price for the platter!  
I have copied and pasted a review from September as this articulates exactly my experience yesterday! I wish I'd read it before I went. Food great everything else is an expensive disaster. They were good enough to give 4 stars. My 2 are for the lovely skate wing. My first visit,and probably last,to this Italian located within the grounds of Ruxley manor Garden Centre .Decor,service and attitudes stuck in a 70`s time warp .The best feature was the food,excellent quality well served and tasty .Unfortunately the management clearly thinks that it can charge extortionate prices for add- ons ,Cover charge (£1.70)for a bread roll and a small dish of olives ,Vegetables of the day @5.20 per head having paid £24 for the duck and then a(discretionary!!) gratuity of 10%.So what had been an excellent meal was spoint by management greed. . 
We booked a table for 12 for a memorial lunch in honour of my mother who used to live on the river very near the Anglers, and we had very happy memories of previous visits. Despite a number of detailed emails and several weeks notice, when we arrived yesterday at 1pm it was clear we were not expected, although it wasn't clear if the manager who took our booking was not there on the day or had left - either way communication was abysmal. Tables were hastily arranged together, but the skeleton staff were minimally apologetic. Our starters arrived after over an hour, and the main courses after much prompting around 3pm. The food was alright, (we were starving so somewhat past caring by then) but we had to find our own cutlery and napkins as nothing had been laid up and the staff appeared totally focussed on taking drinks and snacks out to the people enjoying the afternoon on the riverside terrace. Our orders also got mixed up, with burgers with the wrong toppings, slim chips instead of chunky chips, and a side order of mushrooms that never appeared, but for which we were charged. The venue is beautiful but sadly our visit yesterday was memorable for all the wrong reasons. 
I'm a huge fan of Tian Hu, having visited many times and had great food. Unfortunately it seems the place has gone downhill (or perhaps we came on an "off day"): 
The waitress uses her fingers to show you how tiny the Bao is therefore telling you to buy 2 or 3 if you dont want to go hungry. But each tiny bao costs £4.25. Thats is indeed a very poor return for your expenditure. Yes it is tasty, you cant go wrong with a bao as long as the bread is good. I will avoid. It is a rip off. The place is practically empty for this reason.  
I really like bao so I decided to give this place a try. I was very disappointed - 8.50£ for two bao that ended up to be the smallest I’ve ever had and barely any filling. I know bao tend to be on the expensive side but that was simply ridiculous 
Visited here last night with 2 friends. Initially offered a bread roll (we had no idea that this would later cost us £1.90 each) that was past its best. Coquille st Jacques weren't as we had ever had them before. Appeared frozen in a runny soup for £13.50. Pasta Vongole with tinned tasteless clams. Veal that was stringy and not the best we'd had, especially for the price. Overcooked vegetables at £5 a head were not worth it. The final insult was the automatically added service charge which amounted to £27 for average service, yes it was discretionary but you feel obliged to pay it as its already on the bill. We came once before about 12 years ago and now know why we haven't returned until now. Seating was cramped, 4 people round a small table and we didn't even have room to open the menu at the table. Too many tables for the space in the restaurant, just being greedy. For the price you are paying, you would expect to be able to move your chair back. Very dated 80's throwback décor and again needs updating. Top London prices but without the top London style and quality. We won't be returning especially not at just under £300 for 4 people and a very average meal 
Bland weekday all-you-can-eat food. Maybe the food on the a la carte menu is better. The service was lovely though so I would give it one more try on the full menu. Lots of vegetarian choice.  
It’s been a year since we last ate at the Anglers during which staff and local management have changed. 
Lovely setting and friendly staff. Food very average, ran out of cod so no fish n chips, ordered burgers and everything was burnt, no flavour what so ever 
This was my second visit to The Coach House and low and behold it was the second time the bill was wrong (things on there we never had). Also when they put olives on the table and offer you bread you expect it to be complimentary, but they are not. The food is average at best and the prices way to high for the quality. And two pieces of Veg does not represent a portion in my opinion. Will not be going back ever! 
We visited on 25/05 for my birthday. There were 4 in our party. 
We know Zuma very well in Dubai, which is always almost perfect in terms of decor, service, and food. What a disappointment to discover the London version of it: good restaurants should be good on decor, service, and food, and this one offers poor decor - kitchen and bar are nice; the rest looks pretty much like a cramped cantine with light levels so low you can't see the menu and music level so high you cannot have a proper conversation - terrible service - they call you before to remind you to arrive on time, but cannot get you your table when you do; pressures you to finish your dishes faster throughout the meal - and very good food in tiny portions. Very disappointing indeed: I don't mind expensive restaurants at all when they are really good; I do mind expensive restaurants when they are not doing their job. Advice: one to avoid until they change tack. I will... 
Popped in for drink on a Wednesday late afternoon as the Swan next door was closed. 
Wagyu burger so awful sent back the first time! Second time round still not great - an over cooked beef burger. Service poor table not cleared, no further drink offered. Won’t be going back. 
I was searching for a high end Japanese style restaurant for my fiancé’s 40th and eventually settled on Zuma. It is the brainchild of a chap called Reiner Becker who is responsible for Roka - a place we’ve visited several times and always been impressed. 
We've heard good things about Tian Hu and when we arrive the restaurant was busy. Always a good sign. There was a large group of about 15 people and the rest couples. It was lunch time and they have a specials lunch time menu for 2 courses and a drink at £4.95 as well as A La Carte. I had A La Carte and the others had the £4.95 selection. Service was good on the day but the food wasn't all that impressive. Considering a few friends had recommended this place and the majority of good reviews read, I think it's popular as it's cheap and not necessarily for good quality and tasty food.  
Tried booking for 3/4 people. Known Steve for many years. Nothing has changed. Preferences given to large crowd even though booking early.... It's about money n not service.. 
This pub’s location is great and will do just fine if you want to have a drink on the riverside. Service was fine too. But don’t bother with lunch: the food is really poor quality. We had the mussels and the lamb burger. It was such a disappointment. The mussels were probably frozen, tiny and dry and super salty. It came with a sprinkle of an awful white sauce and some “artisan” bread (tastes like cardboard). The burger was overcooked and disappointing: just an ok bun, a rather processed patty and some sauce ... clearly the chef had ran out of the promised accompaniments. Both dishes were around £15 each, which isn’t exactly cheap.  
Ok. It was 8pm on Easter Sunday. The staff are tired and they have had a busy day. But....if you run a waterside pub and it's a hot bank holiday you know you are going to be busy and you stock your larder and staff your business to cope with demand.  
We had a family meal at the restaurant and when we ask Steve about peanuts he was not helpful at all in fact he was very rude i do not think he knows how bad NUT Allergy can be but he made fun of us by saying we do not understand him and just left us to order in fact we walk of this restaurant . 
The pub is set on the river, so has great views and we went there for mothers day lunch. When we were seated, we asked the manager if all the meals on the menu were available and he confirmed they were. When we came to order, the first meal we ordered was not available, I asked for the cocktail menu and was told the cocktail barmen was off sick, so no cocktails! We ordered a Gin drink off the menu, and it stated it was garnished with strawberry, but when it arrive it didn't have any. The lady later ordered another one off the gin menu that was supposed to be garnished with cucumber, but also didn't have any in it. We ordered a bottle of wine, and the waiter came back to say it wasn't available. We ordered another wine and the waiter came back to tell us that they no longer stock that one.  
We came here on the recommendation of friends, and the TripAdvisor ratings which all raved about the Owner. Our experience was somewhat different. 
Went here for a lunch with my husband and was very disappointed with the quality of the food. I ordered the smashed avocado it came cold, looked horrible, toast not toasted and egg uncooked  
3 of us visited the Marlborough for lunch today.As we were not from the same household I requested a specific table in the garden in a covered area with a heater and this table was confirmed.Despite the garden being almost empty when we arrived, the table had already been allocated to other people.We instead had to sit on low dirty wet settees under a cover that let in the rain.When I complained the first waiter said that my table request wasn't for a specific table.The other( honest) waiter later confirmed that it was.Despite living very locally and the food being ok, I won't be visiting again in a hurry. A poor experience! 
Menu is different as advertised on website - much more limited options. 
This previously good little cafe has gone into decline. Younger people seem to be in charge(nothing wrong with that) and it take ages to make the coffee. My toast was forgotten and had to ask three times! This is our second visit after new staffing regime and it hasn't improved. Shame. 
This place had been terrible for ages and finally changed hands and seemed to pickup under new management. 
I had never eaten here before. Ordered a takeaway quite late in the evening around 10pm for my partner, my mum and I which cost me £50! Needless to say I could of got another takeaway for us that would have cost us half the price but by the time we'd ordered over the phone as just eat said the restaurant was closed, it was getting late we were really hungry didn't want pizza or anything like that. I just thought for that kind of money the food must be excellent. Wrong. The amount of food they give you for the price they are charging is an absolute joke! Whilst the flavours were good there was hardly anything in the containers...the place where I would usually order a chilli paneer honestly serve 4 times as much for the one portion than I got from here. The 'complimentary' salad they gave came in plastic bags so I wasn't going to eat that..flavours decent and popodoms were nice but all in all a waste of money I will never order from here again. 
As a regular customer at the Marlborough, I was extremely disappointed by the terrible service and quite frankly comedy experience we received on Christmas Eve.  
Arrived for meal, told booking system on line wasn't working, no reservation had been made. Managed to get a table, food was very disappointing, cold, poorly presented. Quite a few items on menu were not available. 
Three tiny roast potatoes, one sprig of broccoli, minimal trimmings and four slices of 'hand carved' turkey. Not sure where it was hand-carved but I'd suggest that it wasn't in the pub kitchen! More like meat from a frozen pre-cut turkey joint. No mustard and no Horseradish either for one of our diners who opted for the roast beef. We did have salt and pepper though!! We left there hungry. If you want real hand-carved turkey and plenty of roast potatoes and trimmings head along to a Toby Carvery at a fraction of the price. 
After reviewing many Sunday lunch menus online, we picked the Marlborough due to the Vegan roast it mentioned on the website which sounded lovely. We arrived and it was a completely different menu to what is currently online. They had a vegetarian roast but no vegan option- I then asked if there was a vegan option and was told no there isn’t. We also overheard the table next to us asking exactly same thing to ask why there was no vegan option. Vegetarians would eat the vegan option so I don’t understand why it just wouldn’t be vegan allowing both to have it. The only reason we came was for the roast so it was extremely disappointing. I opted for the burger which was really rubbish, there was no ‘burger’ or even anything that formed a patty, it was just shredded veg in a bun. It took over 20 mins for them to clear out starter plates, and took 2 hours all in for a starter and main. Pretty poor service overall. 
Food is not good unless you go for fried food obviously not freshly made 
I picked up a take away from here as we'd previously had a good meal in the restaurant but was horrified to find pickled silverskin onions in the Thai Green Curry!! Not convinced they are an authentic Thai ingredient! I'd much rather have pea aubergines!! Chicken Satay was dry, tasteless and uninspiring. Standards have certainly slipped since our last visit. 
Sunday lunch is decidedly below average. The lace was packed and the food came out like on a conveyor belt. Starter example: mackerel pate and sourdough bread starter was actually a pile of flaked mackerel and cheap white bread. Main example: Pork roast with pale dreary potatoes, thin tasteless gravy and no flourish. Really disappointed all around. The celeriac soup was grim aswell. The malbec house is acidy- don't even try it. The staff were lovely but clearly overworked. Everyone is packed in like sardines and just a below average overall experience. Wont be going back or recommending to anyone. 
I was an adamant evangelizer of this restaurant. The lunch deal has a really good cost benefit, despite the service is slow. For the quality I'm willing to wait.  
Good points: Beautiful location on the river. Ample seating in and outside. Polite, helpful staff, despite being stressed. 
I love this pub but unfortunately today the roast was not good. The beef was over cooked, the gravy and 0 flavour and you should never put cauliflower on a roast unless it’s cauliflower cheese, serving cold boiled cauliflower is not nice, no matter how much flavourless gravy you have. The service was great and the venue sells itself but sadly today the standard of food really let you down. 
Paid £9.95 for Chicken curry; nan;lamb pakora and rice. Very very disappointed with the very small quantity and quality of chicken curry; although the nan was nice; bitter lamb pakoras; standard rice quality. I would never visit this restaurant again. 
2 stars because first we went, friendly waitress but overwhelmed by the room she needed to cover by herself, outside area quite pleasant on a sunny day. Food was not good even if quite cheap for richmond, we weren't expecting much but still disappointed. 
Cannot fault the food at Nuntana's, however, I found the grumpy and dismissive service very off putting and put a shadow over the whole evening! It takes more than great food to create an enjoyable dining experience. Will not be going back. 
Service was good. We took take away as family wanted to eat in at home. 
Lovely location but the food was very average. Mussels in garlic ‘sauce’ was very disappointing, tasted very processed from a bottle!  
Visited a few times now for food and drink  
What’s to go wrong with a pub directly situated on the river Thames? 
Chose this pub as it was a sunny day and they have a nice beer garden. But was really disappointed with the fish and chips - the fish was thin and dry and looked and tasted like it had been cooked earlier and reheated. The chips were again dry, cheap oven chips. The mushy peas had a crust on them suggesting they had been sat around for a while. For the price, I expected much better quality - just look at the photo and tell me you'd be happy to pay £16 for something that looks like it came out of a Wetherspoon's kitchen. Should have gone to the Ivy Cafe where fish and chips are £14.50 and far superior. 
I used to frequent the Marlborough many years ago now. Came back as they usually do a great roast on Sundays.  
We love the location of this pub, and their selection of drinks is good too. We would highly recommend it for drinks whilst walking the Thames Path. We wouldn’t at all recommend it for food though - we had steaks that were such low quality that one member of staff simply couldn’t hide the fact. Without prompting she volunteered money off the bill! I also heard another customer being told that their food order would be an hour, based on the number of other customers (including a full restaurant upstairs). I took a look out of interest, and the upstairs restaurant was about 20% full. It is clear that like too many other establishments, this place understaffs (particularly in kitchen capacity) and under provides on food quality. 
Food was good but waited far to long to be served our server kept stopping to take our order to speak to people who had just walked in asked for olives to start but never came and to top the lot was charged £37 for a bottle of wine we did not order luckily we checked the bill the manager did take 20% off the bill for the long wait but that was before we saw the bill and found we were being charged for something we never ordered .i would advise if you are under staffed don’t take bookings you can not cope with also had to wait at least half an hour to get drinks when we first arrived 
Amazing location. The evening started promisingly. Then we placed our food order. Food didn’t arrive. After about 40 minutes waiting for a sharing platter we were told ‘...a large order went in to the kitchen just before yours...’, hence the delay! Approx 20 minutes later an extremely average sharing platter arrived. We then waited another hour for our mains (steak and chips). My rib was tasty however my friend’s steaks were dry, over cooked and just looked unappetising, not to mention the dead mosi’ on one plate :( - hunger and desperation took over and they just ate it. The staff were kind but ineffectual. The real problem in this pub is in the kitchen. Whoever the chef was that night needed to come out and face the music or get better organised. It wasn’t a busy night (a Thursday) but we heard at least three other parties complaining about timing issues). Hiding behind the frontline staff and kitchen door leaves very dissatisfied customers who are very unlikely to return. I rarely review things but I had to share this poor experience. 
Hadn't been here for three or four years when last flat hunting in Richmond before finally buying in Kew. 
Having had a very disappointing birthday brunch with my family back in March, soon after it reopened, (very long wait, poor quality and/or cold food etc - they ended up taking most of the cost of the food off the bill) I decided to give the Anglers a second chance yesterday, hoping to have a nice riverside lunch with a friend on a hot day.  
We dismissed the negative reviews when decided to book a table for family of 8 for Christmas lunch. Although the main course dish was generous was sadly tasteless watery and brussels sprouts well undercooked the food was definitely overpriced. Very disappointing our Christmas special day was spoilt. Never again.  
Would love to try this restaurant but no answer to our phone calls at 5.30 on a saturday evening when we tried to phone and cannot find a menu online to view. 
Overcharged for drinks. No apology made by bar-staff when mistake identified, needed to ask for a receipt with break down. 
Just returned from late lunch at the newly refurbished Anglers! We have been taking the short walk down the river for some years and have always enjoyed the riverside drinks, friendly service and generally good food on offer!  
Very disappointing the key ingredient of afternoon tea is tea and we were charged extra for pots of tea and provided with a pot for one between two. We asked for extra hot water and were told we had to pay again for tea. Scones were mass produced a generous 3 between 2 but only one tiny pot of jam and I portioning cream. Asked for more got one more tiny jam pot for 8 people and told run out of cream. Cakes huge disappointment- a chopped up Danish pastry is not an afternoon tea fancy.  
Not very impressed on our first visit. Took an hour for our food to arrive. When it did it was a small portion and Luke warm. I complained and got a refund. We will try it one more time in a few weeks. We were so looking forward to seeing the new Anglers but were bitterly disappointed in the end. Great location, great views but understaffed and the customer service just isn’t a patch on other pubs I could mention. We spent £60 for a few drinks a shared starter and two average main courses only to come away unhappy. I do hope they improve soon as we sooooo wanted to support them as a local business. 
I actually have not visited yet but wanted to share the experience of trying to reserve a table. 
The Marlborough is a lovely setting with slightly above average food but is really let down by slovenly staff. The other day we ate here and the wait staff were so uninterested it was shocking. Today, friends want to eat here so I have tried to call to reserve a table but no one picks up the phone. Unfortunately it’s typical British customer service (we are British ourselves) in the fact that even the simplest task is a battle. It’s also hugely overpriced considering it’s poor service. We now eat at the Roebuck when we want to pop out for a pub dinner - it’s far better in terms of food and service but doesn’t have as nice of a beer garden. 
Not good.  
We came here a month or so ago for some lunch and we were greeted as soon as we walked in by, who I believe was the manager. She was really friendly and showed us to the garden which was a lovely setting, really nice tables and chairs perfect on a nice day. We were told to take a seat and someone would be over to take our drink order. We sat and looked at the menu for awhile and waited for someone to come over. We waited for about 15mins and nobody had come over yet. I started to wonder if I’d miss heard and that we were meant to go to the bar so I went over to a member of staff and asked. She said no we will come over. So I sat back down and waited another 10mins or so. We were about to go having waited so long when finally a lady came over to take our order. We ordered two drinks and as we had been sat there awhile we had already chosen our mains so we ordered it all together. We waited for about another 10 mins and then the same lady came back over (We still didn’t have drinks or food) asking us if we would like some drinks or to look at the menu? We said we’d already ordered.. with her. We had just about given up on ever getting our drinks when they finally turned up 40 mins in. By then we agreed that if our food didn’t arrive by the time we’d finished our drinks we would cancel it and leave. It was another 10 mins before the food came but we decided to stick around as we were starving. We both ordered ribs which were not very nice. Very dry and didn’t look great. It started to rain when we had finished our meal so we just paid and hurried out of there so we didn’t get a chance to say anything. By then we were also in a bit of a hurry but from what I could see only about 70% of tables where occupied outside and nobody was sat inside so I’m not sure why it all went so wrong. I hate complaining but I felt like maybe something could be done about this in the future for other guests.  
We had serious issues with service, having to go and find our server 9 times, several ordered items were forgotten and one of the mains came out of the kitchen cold. We raised the issue with a lady (the manager?) several times but service did not improve. We were given a small discount at the end but it did not unfortunately make up for such a frustrating experience. 
We decided to book for Boxing Day. I presumed there would be a special menu for the day, a roast or similar. Unfortunately it was their normal menu - so burgers and fish and chips. Bit of a shame. Ordered our drinks, 2 of them were wrong. Lunch came, it was ok, not great food I'm afraid. We spent ages sitting there with dirty plates and eventually were able to order dessert. We waited for 40minutes, then when we complained we were told 2 weren't available and that they'd forgotten to put the order through. We told them to forget it and just have the bill. When the bill arrived they'd not deducted the £100 deposit I'd had to pay for Boxing Day. Exhausting really and a real shame at Christmas. 
This place could be amazing. We used to frequent this pub before and was annoyed not dog friendly but now it is so we decided to visit after the ‘big’ change from new management. Very busy when we arrived at 3pm on a Sunday (thought we’d miss the busy lunchtime rush). Got a table no problem - first guy we spoke to very friendly. Next part ordering drinks at the bar - very slow service (other customers huffing about the service also) - one bar staff serving (Karla) chatting to other staff while serving another gentleman absolutely in no rush to make sure the 3 other people waiting got served promptly. Ordered food to be told it’s an hour wait (ok no problem - we were in no rush) however an hour and an half later and the food arrived luke warm we weren’t too happy. However being told quite a few times that it was their first weekend being open and that things were always going to be tricky to start with. Really? Why?! It’s a pub. You’re pub staff - is it really that hard to wait on your customers, serve drinks, be nice to people, cook food? If you’re not ready to open - don’t open! 
Sunday booked and they ran out of roast (4 choices ) only 2 left at 230 pm , not a great start . Staff had a big job taking care of a dinning area and garden . 
Visited with family for Sunday lunch, pub had a nice relaxed feel about it. The Sunday Roast menu was limited so after being told that as a coeliac I couldn't have the vegetarian burger without the roll I decided to go with the roast chicken. My dinner duly arrived with little or no thought to gluten free options. I had no yorkshire pudding and no gravy, so the dinner was dry and very difficult to swallow. There are some very easy instant gravy granules that would have made the world of difference. 
Booked a table for a late Sunday lunch (15:00) 
Went to the Anglers on Sunday around 15.30 so it was slowing after the rush, 
This pub has a lovely location by the river on a hot summer night. However the service is poor...lots of dirty plates and glasses on the bar that were left from the time we arrived till we left. After finishing our wine we decided to order food to be told they closed the kitchen however the person in front of me managed to place a order bearing mind this was only 6pm in the evening.  
Not an extensive menu. But really thought we were ripped off for a sharing seafood platter for two £25. 3 prawns two pieces of salmon and some breaded fish and calamari. Complained and manager fully understood and brought some more seafood out but still not worth the money. Why try and serve they in the first place. Rest of food ok. 
Popped in to this place on Sunday last with friends as it was a nice day. Barman 'What do you want mate'. No smile. 
Not worth a money to eat at this place , very expensive and average food . The place is pretty though , go have drink only  
Food has really gone downhill in recent years, either cold, or just horrible, having to wait a long time to get food even when they are not busy. 
Just visited having booked a table for lunch - no mention of what was to come.  
Lovely location. Wanted to book a table on a warm summer's evening and they get busy by the river. They don't answer the phone so booked via website as recommended in the voicemail message - got immediate confirmation text with different phone no. So far, so good. Had requested a window table upstairs. On the day, we were running late so tried to call main number - no answer/just the usual voicemail. Called the new number from the text, permanently engaged. Tried both several times, with same result. Arrived late, only to be told there was no reservation. Oh, and by the way, we don't open upstairs during the week. Fortunately we were early evening and there were still good tables downstairs, but if we had been later in the evening..... Anyway, food is reasonable, but would not go back due to total unreliability on the admin side. 
Visiting with colleagues I volunteer with, I had hoped the Anglers would have had the opportunity to improve their food service since I posted my last poor review in July, 
We had a disappointing Sunday lunch here today. It took just a smidgen over an hour after we sat down for food to arrive. 
Food good, but pricey. Beer selection poor and very pricey. However, it is a lovely place to sit on a warm summer's evening so worth a visit to make up your own mind if it is worth the price or not. 
I have been drinking in this pub for years as it has such a fantastic setting right on the river in Walton On Thames. Years ago this was one of the best pubs on the Thames the food used to be amazing with wonderful seafood and plateaus but those days are long gone. 
This place is local to me, so thought I would try lunch. The food was very salty and inedible. Drinks far too expensive as was food. Wont be returning. 
We moored up close by for the night and thought we'd try the pub. The view across the Thames was excellent and the staff attentive. The menu looked promising; indeed, we chose this pub in preference to the one behind it because the menu referred to "The fish of the day", That turned out to be mackeral which we had had earleir that day so I had lamb sausage and she had a burger. Her chips looked as if they had once been a baked potato that had been cut in wedges and fried. They were dry and horrid. I'm not sure what the idea is about searing a bap on a griddle but it just produces a charcoal flavour to a poor bun. The lamb sausage was full of flavour but rock hard; it was like eating biltong, not unpleasant in its own way but hardly what the butcher had in mind. The sausage was served on a bed of greasy croutons and came with seared corn on the cob ( pleasant) and a very nasty mushy red vinegary heap of something or other. The meal filled a gap but you'd never go back. 
Food took about 35 minutes, we left it for a little bit (10 minutes max) before we started eating because as a family you take a little longer - food was not good, we all tried the noodles and they were bland. The rice wasn't fried properly and tasted like soap. We also had duck with it so we finished eating the duck and beef which was good. At the end we called them and let them know and they basically just shrugged and said "tough, next time you order with us you can get free drinks". The customer service was very poor. 
I came to this pub to meet a colleague for an after work drink after I had heard it had been done up recently. Went inside and it was the same, just a different colour. We hung around outside and eventually after 15 minutes we managed to grab a table. After seeing a few delicious looking burgers go out, we decided to order a couple aswell. It took us a good 10 minutes before we managed to grab one of the waitresses. After we ordered we got given some bread while we waited which was pretty stale. Our burgers took around 55 minutes to arrive, which didn't surprise us as the staff were running around like headless chickens! (We only saw 2 girls who looked like they were really struggling!) To top it off, we asked to see a manager about the wait for our food, and were told that there wasn't one available! Unbelievable! Drinks were very pricey, around £8 for a Pinot Grig and over £5 for a pint. Such a shame as the pub is in such a perfect location on the river. Just a shame no one knew what they were doing and that the place was abit of a mess! Even though the burgers were good, the experience isn't really worth the money, so I can't say we'd return. 
We visited today to celebrate a wedding anniversary so it was a special occasion (as mentioned when booking). Front of staff not overly warm helpful or friendly. We arrived at 11.15 at a very quiet time with only a few people in there having coffee/breakfast. However, we were met by a lady who was busy doing a few things and felt we were interrupting and when I asked about parking I was just dismissed that it's on street parking (fine, but no harm in checking). Then when we were shown our table we got told we had to be out by 2.15. And not in a manner that you'd expect. Anyway it got better and two guys serving were great and had excellent front of house skills. Had the nicest cappuccino in a long time. Midday came and we ordered prosecco to celebrate the occasion. We then ordered, expecting a little time before we ate but within ten minutes our food arrived. Good swift service but had been trying to grab someone to take our wine order so we could have red wine with our roast beef. So that came during the meal. Food was very good but the Yorkshire pudding over cooked and beef a tad fatty but still, it was very nice. Unfortunately it was so ridiculously busy that staff couldn't be attentive and the chance of being able to order more drinks was out of the window. A lovely setting with quality decor, but I feel the place needs better training and rather than being about a quick turn around the focus should be on the paying customer there at the time.. everything feels rushed. £300 lighter and a little disappointed  
So I'm going to give the anglers 2/5 and one of those points is because I have fond memories of the place, good food good atmosphere Xmas drinks and bonfire nights used to be special at this riverside venue in leafy Walton. So what's happened. The menu has become overpriced with no invention and what was once relevant is now miles behind the culinary curve. As for the service a steak that arrived overcooked a quiche that arrived 15 minutes after the other meals no checkback, no sauces offered to the table, portions that had been "altered" since our last visit and a waitress who didn't have a clue.  
We have been loyal to the anglers for the few years but we just cannot come here again. We have turned numerous blind eyes but enough enough. The location is stunning and the staff are generally lovely, but there just aren't enough of them (staff). The last three visits have seen side dishes forgotten and then brought out at the end of the meal, and we are usually having to get up to ask to be served. The portions seem to have shrunk by a third in the last couple of months, so as I say,, my family cannot support this anymore. The pub will continue to do well off the location, but the reviews should be far better. It wouldn't take much to make this one of the best pubs in Surrey. 
calamari was nice, but roast dinner was not - had beef (3 small slices) which was over cooked & dry, roast chicken consisted of one chicken leg & very small piece of chicken 
We decided to try this chinese for a take away. My husband requested no ginger in his dish and it arrived full of ginger. We had chicken and sweet corn soup to start and it was ok. I had a chicken and mushroom dish which was grey, slimy and bland. I also had egg fried rice which had no egg, just yellow flecks of something in amongst the dried out rice. Gross. I also ordered crispy seaweed and it was covered in white caster sugar. Awful! I also could only eat the prawn crackers.  
The quality of service has plummeted- it took over an hour for food to arrive at lunchtime today. No explanation provided. And kids running everywhere - no parental or management control anywhere! 
This pub is so nice and in a beautiful location, but the food was not good. Had a pie and it came out about 5 mins after ordering and had clearly been microwaved with soggy pastry and veg that had been nuked. Shame really. 
I was a bit disappointed with the Anglers, as we were meeting friends there for lunch. The location is great, and we had reserved a window table. We had to wait a while for food, which I did not mind, but when the roast arrived the meat was rather dry, the gravy thick and lukewarm, and there were virtually no vegetables to speak of. I wasn't expecting haute cuisine at that price, but it could have been a lot better than it was. The puddings were good. Also the pub couldn't offer tea and coffee, as "the coffee machine was broken". Have they not heard of tea bags and instant coffee, they could at least have offered that. 
Came into the pub,a colleague of mine had a tab behind the bar ....and told the barman to serve me, there is a tab. He served me what I wanted , then started to charge me ....had to explain again including my colleague there is a tab .... Not sure why it was not understood. 
Visited here recently with my wife who ordered the Kedgeree fishcake (with poached egg and spinach). The amount of salt in it made it literally inedible. We mentioned this to the waiting staff and were immediately told it was made with a salty fish. We asked whether the chef would mind trying it to see if he/she agreed that it was really just too salty to eat. We got a non-committal mumble back - so we didn't pursue it any further. We won't go back. Shame really because its very local to us, has a good location and the service has been reasonably good in the past. 
We live a stones throw away. Pub recently refurbished but the frustrating thing is, that the manager / management need to address the kitchen, standard of food and efficiency of waiting staff, all of which are SERIOUSLY below par.  
We visited for the first time yesterday. First impressions were that this is a wonderful location on the Thames, it has a nice feel when you walk in but on closer inspection some parts are in need of some TLC (wallpaper peeling by the window, damaged paintwork etc). 
The food was fine, not bad but the staff made the experience unbearable and not worth it. One reviewer before who wrote "The crowd was full of "wannabes" and the staff really need to get over themselves." nailed it.  
Our second trip in the span of a few weeks confirmed what we experienced on the first visit. The makeover is very impressive but sadly the food fails to meet expectations (especially given the high prices - e.g. £26 for a rather poor, undersized rib-eye). Service is good though a bit haphazard (had to chase up drinks order). Said steak was poorly cooked and perhaps was overhung (had a gamey flavour). Sad that a local venue is not able to meet even a reasonable standard of meal, both in terms of price and quality. Richmond continues to lack enough decent places for a relaxed meal... 
This is a really well presented pub in the most wonderful location, right next to the Thames, with lovely views and a well designed undercover outside seating area. 
We visited The Anglers last Saturday lunchtime. My wife and I are both gluten intolerant and were told we had 3 choices for the main course.: 
This very nice Victorian pub has just undergone a tasteful, much needed, refurbishment. It's my local and I've used it for years but the incredible hike in prices means I might still pop in for a pint but that's it. A bottle of house red and a small baked camembert came to a whopping £46! The wines in particular are eye-wateringly expensive - common or garden rose' which can be bought in an offie for £8/£9 comes in at £32. Dinner for two would likely cost £120/£130 - way too much for a pub. Caution advised. Pity really. 
We live just around the corner from the Marlborough, and it's always been a firm family favourite. Great child-friendly garden, shabby-chic interior - warm, friendly and inviting. 
As our usual takeaway place has drastically reduced their portions, we decided to try Edgware Curry.centre. 
After a recent refurbishment which has opened up this pub and creating a larger kitchen and a re-organised garden apparently with seating for 400 or more alone, I took my wife here for a 'quick supper' after she had travelled in from abroad. We had eaten here before some time ago and 'steak frites' and the occasional burger were always good and ample enough to fill the gap without costing a fortune with the drinks on top. (Almost £70 for two on this occasion) 
Staff not very welcoming at the door. Service poor - had to call the waiter over to get drinks having waited 10 minutes and then again for food order, during meal asked for extra dipping sauce, didn't come! One large sweet prawn (wasn't that big - cut into three pieces) cost £9.30 (i.e. for ONE prawn!) and 9 sushi (chefs special which is a bit cheaper than ordering separately) is £30. Each single piece of sushi therefore (which are small) costs a staggering £3+ FOR EACH ONE. Food is good that's true but nothing special that can't be obtained elsewhere at other Japanese restaurants for MUCH less money. If you're loaded or like throwing your money away then go here if not, I suggest you seek sustenance elsewhere. You'll probably get just as nice ambience (if not better as I'm not a great lover of the vogue, open plan large boiler room ceiling arrangement with varnished bamboo/wood for walls) and hopefully more attentive service. I'm not saying Zuma isn't nice (to be fair) but for me (and I've eaten at some of the best restaurants in the world, especially in the UK) , it's over-rated and over-priced and I don't understand how it achieves so many rave reviews? If you have a man sized appetite be prepared to spend £100+ per person on just food to walk out full and then add on your wine/sake (also overpriced for what it is) plus of course, service charge on top!! All in all I was disappointed which was a shame as it was my birthday which they had been told by my partner and surprisingly, for what is meant to be a top class restaurant, it wasn't even mentioned. Won't be going back unless I win the lottery and don't care about the cost, it's good yes, but far too pricey for what it is! 
Lovely setting and a friendly welcome but bitterly disappointed by the food. Ordered the seafood sharing plate which at £20 seemed rather steep for four prawns, three scoops of mousse and some calamari. All a bit tasteless and greasy. Rhubarb crumble also a disappointment and £5.50 for two scoops of ice cream a rip off. Never again. 
Called into The Marlborough on a cold Saturday evening. The welcome from the staff was not friendly, the pub itself was cold and the food was overpriced. 
Very disappointing breakfast 
Well presented restuarant. Service was very slow but friendly. Dishes ordered were informed a long time later that they were off the menu and replaced with a lesser dish but the price was not altered on the bill. one dessert didn't even show but again was still on the bill. If you have big appetites, don't ask for mixed starters. 3 platters at £20 each turned up with barely enough for 4 children let alone 13 adults. the Winterberry mess was mush in a dish meant for melting cheesing. my advice if you must eat here, check your bill. 
We were pleased last time, but disappointed on this occassion. 
Such a great location, it was a shame that the service and the food were so disappointing. Granted, our party arrived quite late due to traffic on the motorway (we were using The Anglers as a halfway point for meeting old friends). The mains came out before the starters, the drinks took ages, the kids' sausages and chips came out smothered in gravy - this wasn't on the menu and my kids don't like gravy. The fish and chips was disappointing; the chips were so chunky they were dry in the middle and the fish was TINY! Anyway, the place needs better staff training. However, the Ozzie Manager was brilliant in sorting the problems out and this place has great potential. I imagine when the sun is out it is a nice place to have drinks and tapas by the river. 
So expensive. So so ambience, dinner good one night, bad the next. nice summer garden at the back. But really, the price?!? I think two pints and crisps was £11 or so... 
Myself and family used to dine here regular every Sunday. However, when they changed the chef we found the food was not to it's usual quality standards. 
Visiting the UK our friends took us to this establishment for dinner. To say we were disappointed would be an understatement. Location is great but food and service were poor. It was late Saturday afternoon (5.30pm) when we arrived for pre-dinner drinks. The outside tables had not been cleared from lunchtime and there were piles of dirty dishes and cutlery with ashtrays overflowing -- not an inviting look. In fact I asked the barmaid to arrange clearance of the tables.  
Perfect if you are an older bloke looking take out your teenage girlfriend. Not impressed. Lots of the clientele fitted this bracket. First and last visit. 
This is my local, I've tried to like it , I've gone back again and again giving it plenty of second chances, but things just aren't right here.  
nice look and friendly atmosphere inside, but went as large group and got seated in the back in a semi-indoor-outdoor area, which was very unattractive with plastic windows, piping and vents covered in aluminium foil etc.  
Although the pub has a friendly atmosphere and accommodates dogs and children, the food is simply trash. Baps for burgers look like they've fallen off the back of a truck destined for Lidl. Portions are tiny and inconsistent. Meat is over-salted and hard as rubber. 
We went for lunch at the Anglers with a couple of friends Friday. 3 of us ordered the fish and chips, we were then told, there was no more fish as the supplier had not been. Friday, no fish? The staff were pleasant and they did give us a platter of sliced bread with oil and vinegar , salt and pepper as an apology. The main courses we ordered were ok, not exceptional and rather pricey for the size. The desserts were nice. But, awful smell, my husband says it appeared they had washed the bin area but left the water to stagnate and therefore, in the heat, the smell was most unpleasant. This Anglers is in an enviable position being right on the river, but the place is looking very tired, needs some tlc. 
Menu looked good...... however, 2 x medallions of pork belly and a strange crispy pearl barley concoction was very disappointing. The fish was OK but little on the side for such a lot of money. 
Previously heard good things about the Marlborough so decided to try it for Sunday lunch with a few friends. 
My evening was spoiled by the guy who was serving us drinks, he got my drink after 25 mins and then argued why I am ordering more drink when I didn't finish the previous one, I was shocked to see such a question coming from him. I would not like to go to such a place again when this kind of hospitality is demonstrated 
Lovely to sit by the river ... but. We ordered a ploughman's sharing platter for not quite £20. What arrived was 3 half slices of toast, two lumps of duck confit, a small lump of cheese, some tired looking salami and pastrami, a good scotch egg and a tiny pile of un-dressed rocket leaves. Sorry I won't be coming back 
This pub is in a great location with a pleasant interior and garden. It's my local but frankly I gave up eating here after two experiences years ago and nothing on Trip Advisor or that I hear from other locals has encouraged me try again more recently. For various reasons of convenience I do end up having a pint here occasionally. Even on a quiet night it often takes forever to get served but the beer is generally in good condition although the choice of Ales seems to have reduced to the Youngs core offering. 
After reviewing this pub previously and giving it a glowing report, our second lunch visit was very disappointing.  
Great location and blessed with a big (albeit not always that well maintained) garden. But oh dear, it goes down hill from there. We are local and regularly end up at the Malborough in the summer because of the garden. But its is expensive and the food is poor. The bbq idea just seems to be an easy way to flog below par burgers for a premium price. 
The Marlborough could be fantastic...except it's not!. It's in a lovely part of Richmond so would otherwise be worth a trip. As a pub it's fine, quite cosy though the decor which tries to be funky is very tired. The prices for drinks are high compared to others in the area (and they are not cheap either). We've given up giving them a chance on the food........and no one wants a local pub to serve good food more than a local. They boast the largest garden in Richmond, which they probably have, but it's badly cluttered obviously in the hope 100's of people will come to eat. We also find that on the odd (and every) occasion we've dropped by for an early evening pint, the pub is like a creche. The same group of mothers seem to be there each time, drinking glass after glass of wine whilst their children run around the pub, bored and unsupervised. 
Spare ribs not good 
I have booked a dinner for me and my husband. The food was really nice and the service we got from A. was excellent. He was recommending new dishes, new cocktails etc. We have later ordered a bottle of champagne Veuve cliquot and soon after the manager appeared (J.) asking me 'when will you finish that, (pointing at her watch)... because I have next customers waiting for your table' I found it extremely rude and not appropriate for a restaurant of this standard. I was not informed on the phone or when we came that there is a time limit on the table. What is more, when I order a bottle of good champagne I hope that no one is expecting me to finish this in 5 min... but i was wrong... 
We clearly didn’t fit the bill so the Japanese greeting was omitted at the door. Seemed a little too busy for a pandemic. Got seated near door which didn’t shut. It was a wind tunnel. Luckily no one had offered to hand my coat so I wore it for most of our near £200 meal. The veggie set option was really awful nutritionally & quite tasteless. No more spicy miso soup on the menu & the miso bowl I got was tiny. No one cleared the table as we went . For this money I really expect more. It caused tension between us. Management- do you think no one notices? Do you think everyone who walks in has money to throw away? Have you considered this might be a very special treat for some of your diners? I will never forget this visit but not fir the right reasons. I’m gutted.  
Food tasty but portions very small. So small in fact that I ate my husband’s main by mistake which was added on my plate. Very pricey and not good value. Even with the eat out to help out not worth the money paid.  
I wanted to leave a review in the hope it get's back to management. I've been coming to this pub for years and have had friends who have worked in the pub etc. Though the food has been increasingly bad, has really gone downhill, maybe a change of chef? Yes, the atmosphere is great, the pub is nice inside and the garden is one of the best in the area, and I do like this pub, I just won't be eating here again unfortunately. Just to give everyone a few examples, these happened recently, while having sunday lunch with family..  
May be it’s just an off day but we won’t be giving it another go. 
The food was excellent, the ingredients were top quality and you will definitely enjoy your meal there. However the service was not good (junior / inexperienced waiters, they frequently mix the orders) and they simply do not care about their customers. The menu was overpriced, we had to pay £200 for 3 people. Thanks to Eat Out scheme, we had a discount of £30 but it was still too expensive. (only the service charge was £22)  
Two of us went for a drink at this bar. It was quiet and we were quickly served. 
Was planning to watch the champions league final here last night and have dinner. When we got there we found the venue had been booked for a wedding but here was one tv in the dinner area.  
Booked this for a special occasion weeks ago and as we arrived (table of 2) we were sat at the table staring onto the high street. This was very uncomfortable and couldn’t even face my guest. Looking around other tables were available but they refused to move us - yet couples who came in after us were seated at other tables... I can only assume because we were 2 ladies we got the short straw... 
Half way into our meal of burge and braised beef brisket which wasn't great and completely tasteless, we were very rudely reminded by Adam (assistant manager) that we need to move somewhere else as this table was booked from 6.30pm. We said that we were expecting more people, he insisted we move without even offering to help with where. We asked why specifically this table as there are plenty more of suitable others, he replied "well I don't have to answer that question". I told him he was very rude and arrogant, he turned around and left. Don't think I'd want to go back there, if a manager has an attitude like that to customers, this is just poor business. He should be sacked! 
Very disappointed with O’Neill’s Beckenham. Staff allowing a male customer to verbally abuse a female customer because he wrongfully accused her of complaining about his dog. The dog by the way which was thirsty and hungry and roaming the garden panting and looking to be fed. And when wagging its tail; it’s malting fur landing in people’s food. 
Come here about half 4 in the afternoon few days after Christmas to grab something to bite to eat with my partner and nephew. At the bar I asked for a fruit shoot for my nephew who is only 3 to be told they don't do. Ended up going to the shop to get him a drink. Then asked if they had a kids menu as there wasn't one on the tables along with all the other menus and must say the kids menu leave a lot to desire.. what happened to chicken nuggets and chips or sausages and mash?? Seemed to be soup or tomato pasta which came with a kids fruit shoot??? Think the menus need to be rethinked or at least sell the drinks if they are going to be advertised..  
We had visited Kew Gardens for the day and wanted a relaxed pub meal in Richmond for the evening. We found The Marlborough and thought it looked perfect. Big garden. BBQ. Relaxed families sitting in the big garden. We found a table and chairs in the garden, which could have done with a good clean but we sat down and I cleaned the table top with wet wipes. They wipes were black when I had finished!! God only knows when it had last been cleaned!! We ordered burger and chips, steak and chips and brisket beef and chips. The staff seemed to be in total trance and not on the ball at all. They walked around the garden with dinners looking for the people who had ordered them and didn't seem to have any system in operation. I saw what I thought was our food order going past us and saw it being walked around the garden and eventually coming to us which obviously means its getting cold!! We had to ask for cutlery and condiments and the staff just seemed to be on another planet. The food was pretty dire and tasteless but we just ate what we could and left. Such a shame. It really needs to sort itself out. It's got such potential. 
Came for lunch with my brother in law who was due back home. our food came out at different times and was very stingy for the price. some of the food was inedible, chips cold...yuk. 
I should have read the previous reviews before visiting as hadn't been to this pub in quite a while. The decor. garden etc are pretty good but the food was very poor indeed.Also the tables needed a good wipe and chairs were dirty and marked Should have been a sign just to have a drink and leave!.. A glass of flat warm wine should not even be sent out to a customer and then have to be sent back! Wrong food delivered and had to eat my food first whilst my husband watched me until his correct food arrived. The waiters service recovery was good by offering the wine free of charge but the damage had been done and on top of this the food was very poor in both quality and taste.The so called salmon/potato! fishcakes had one tiny piece of salmon in the middle of each one and the fries were tepid in temperature also the bangers and mash seemed like they had just been' warmed up;.. It got to the point where we couldn't be bothered to complain any more. However, the barman and waiter seemed to be doing their best running the whole place. Also shame about the gardener stomping around the place banging around! Maybe his work should be done before customers are in the garden! It was a lovely day to sit outside somewhere nice for lunch and this experience ruined our day out.. Just paid for the lunch and will not be returning! 
Met up with two son's to have lunch Saturday afternoon,terrible food,not at all like 0'Neill's used to serve. One dish was wrong,and salmon over cooked,chicken on all the boys plates was over cooked and very dry,steak was burnt and also sausage,chips were cold. Told the girl the meals were disgusting and I wanted to speak to the manager. Didn't see the manager as she said she had gone home. Waitress said sorry,and that she had been telling the people in the kitchen all day to sort it out.No recompense was offered.Another complaint was the amount of children under 13 in there all milling about,can the parents find nothing better for the youngsters to do than drag them along to a pub on a Saturday afternoon while they stand in a group (away from the children) drinking.I know it's classed as a family pub,but do we really need children's scooters blocking walkways,overall not a nice experience will not be returning!! 
A lovely looking pub both from the street, inside and their large garden area. 
Have been to this riverside pub many times and today must have been the worst experience. Chicken confit terrine was terrible, the chicken wasn't confit at all but pieces of cooked dry chicken, it should melt in your mouth but it didn't. The apricots should have been tasting of brandy but didn't taste of anything. The other dish, a special of the day, a parma ham sandwich with fries at £10(!). Where to start. The fries weren't cooked long enough, we complained, the toast was burned, we complained, when it came back for a third (!) time, the bread wasn't toasted and the parma ham had almost disappeared and the bread was limp and the chips, I think the chef must have been hungry, they'd disappeared too! We complained again and said not to bother anymore. I asked if there was a different chef, answer yes we recently had new staff in the kitchen. All I can say is get some decent staff and your customers will return. 
I booked a table for 9 people to celebrate the birthday of my wife on Saturday 10th of March at 16:00. I called the restaurant directly to make that booking a week earlier or so. Didn't use the online booking facility. At no point until the day of the booking I was made aware that there is 2 hours table turnover policy in place in your restaurant. And just to be clear I find this policy absolutely distasteful. On the day of the booking I got a text message informing me of that 2 hours rule. If I knew you have it in place I would go somewhere else. If someone celebrates birthday the last thing he want to do is to watch his watch if he can still do it or move out already. At the beginning they were handling the hot towels and my wife was not given one. Last time we were in that place the waiter asked if we visited before, helped with choosing the right food and helped with everything. On this occasion the manager was at our table 3 times reminding us that we have to vacate the table by 1800. I had the feeling that instead of making sure we have our coffees and desserts in time and make money on it they were more interested in us leaving that place. We had to ask for coffees ourselves. We had to ask for our cake. We had to ask for plates to share it. And. And its not a joke I had to ask for a knife to cut it once all the rest was finally delivered. All of it instead of making sure we leave in time (their time) made it last longer. If they have that ridiculous 2 hour rule they should make it a priority to make as much money in that time and deliver the best and most efficient service. As it was I felt rushed from the start and throughout and then my wife had to have her birthday coffee at the waiting area by the kitchen. Not nice.  
Called for lunch and the food was okay. I ordered chilli with half rice and half chips and was shocked to be charged extra because I had half chips. Never come across that before so maybe they should receive. 
We tried a pizza and some other dishes, and they are tasty; however, quite overpriced for what they were. The bigger problem however is the cold service. Nobody bothers to smile much, and sometimes you feel like they are doing you a favour to serve you. Newsflash to management: customers don't want snobby service, they want relaxed, friendly service. To be fair, some of the staff are acceptable, and some not, they should not be working in the service industry if they can't make any effort to be nice to customers. 
Very trendy 'now' restaurant in Wimbledon. Nice decor and ambience. Food is served in tiny portions and is hugely expensive for the size and ingredients. The food tasted great and was very well presented and served but just tiny!  
£15 for a mixed grill that consisted of a frying steak, a gammon chop that that had a funny odour, and a crunchy deep fried sausage. My partner received a microwaved, processed lasagne. 
Came here for a pre show meal and was not impressed at all. The food needs to be more flavoursome particularly the curries. Won't be coming here in a rush. 
Visited Wagamama at Hammersmith for a meal and was looking forward to it. Got a seat no problem but service was the worst I've seen in a long time. I had placed my order and paid for it. Waited for more than 45 minutes and when I queried why my order had not arrived when all around us who arrived later were served, I was told by the young lady that the order was not handed to the kitchen... no apologies nothing...just told ...go to your table and wait!!! 
We ordered a chicken broth, it came with 4 lumps of chicken breast drowning in a watery bowl of noodles and cabbage. Unfortunately the broth was tasteless offering very poor value. 
Had a family meal at the restaurant. Great food  
This is the usual Wagamama sort of place, made better by the fact it is in an old fire station, with a nicely preserved facade and nice interior. 
I chose this restaurant in particular because they offer halal options. I went for the halal beef and my friend chose the halal chicken. Well food was like warm the bed was ok but the chicken was tough despite being cooked in its skin. Such a shame was looking forward to a proper Sunday roast especially after a pleasant day at Kew Gardens.  
Food's good,  
We visited Hammersmith Wagamama whilst waiting for an evening's entertainemt at the nearby Apollo theatre. 
First time here and I live this place after I paid a lot of money still hungry and unhappy. 
This meal was ripe with bad experiences. 
Went with 3 friends last Friday night for the first time. Ordered pizzas all round and one other dish. I had to catch the attention of the waitress to order drinks and as I did so I asked when our pizzas were coming. She seemed annoyed that I had asked and said ours were next . i asked again how long it would be as we had been waiting 45 minutes at least. Finally, after over an hour, the pizzas came. Mine was average and although it was supposed to be caremelized onion, it was just plain onion. To be fair my boyfriend enjoyed his pizza. My main issue is that if there is a delay or problem in the kitchen, the staff should apologise explain to the diners and at least offer a snack to keep them going. I was greatly dissappointed and won't be going back. 
I absolutely loved The Havelock Inn, but the reinvented BnH changed my loyalty...a few years and many chefs later I am thinking of walking the extra 30 steps again... 
The afternoon tea was fabulous, it was well presented and tasted great. There was a wide range of teas available and these where brought out in small pots so you could see all the tea leaves along with a description booklet which was a nice touch. The afternoon tea did take longer than expected to come out, we were there for an hour before it arrived which i believe is a little too long. Especially as the experience is only booked for 2 hours. The Prosecco was good and not too dry, the waiter came on a regular basis and topped up anyone's glass who needed it. We opted to pay extra for the birthday package which i would not recommend and it is defiantly not worth the money and did not live up to the description provided. We were moved rooms due to filming on the day, the origional room had a view of marble arch the new one a view of a concrete wall not quite comparable. The "Birthday decorations" was a very small handful of confetti and 3 small balloons one of which was half inflated. A few sweets sprinkled with the confetti some of which were already eaten and just empty wrappers. At £15 per person extra i would say that was a waste of money. A birthday cake was also described as part of the deal and i was actually charged extra for that but didn't notice at the time. So all in all not something I'd reccomend nor what I'd expect from here. 
I've been eating at various Wagamamas since they first opened in Soho. When Alan Yau was still around things weren't too bad, sadly since the corporates took over, its just been sliding down fast. In recent years the only half decent edible dish was Chicken Katsu Curry, just look around next time you're there and see how many people actually have that dish and you know what I mean. However, in the past couple of years, even that safe dish is no longer safe, cold, bland, gooey curry, tasteless, and stodgy rice! It's not just this particular branch, the same problem is happening in just about most branches I've been too. And the service was indifferent and just as cold. On the positive side, their juices are ok and if you want to sit on reasonably comfy dining chairs its the place to go. 
Me and my wife went for afternoon tea in the Lanes restaurant, part of the Marriot hotel. Now the last time i had afternoon tea in a top london Hotel i was amazed at the freshness and the variety of the food. Sadly this was anything but!!!! The concierge showed us into the restaurant, only to be greeted by our waitress who was in denim jeans and shirt??? then i saw they were all dressed like that , although with a couple of exceptions. the others looked the part and smart, sadly our waitress looked untidy. we were shown our seats and the first thing i noticed was the furniture lacked both uniformity and anything close to a table cloth. some tables were wood and round, others were wood and oblong and some were round and marble ??? Ok so now we get the menu and the different types of tea available, . me and my wife chose a delicate flower tea, although it was nice, it certainly was nothing like a jasmine tea that i really enjoy. On the menu it has a rose champagne option , so when i enquired about this i was told it would be another £22 per person extra, as i had already paid over £50 per person i refused.On the menu it also stated the top price for unlimited tea and rose champagne was £59 so i don't know where the "extra £22 per head came from". Ok so now we come to the main part of the tea. sandwiches and cakes, I now know i was completely spoiled the last time as these sandwiches must have been out on a plate for some time as they were slightly stiff, the scones were cold but edible , the cakes were certainly not fresh and one of them was in edible. By now i was getting annoyed , i even refused an extra glass of bubbly. My wife is a very patient lady and she warned me not to say anything. When the waitress asked if everything was ok, i said NO !!! she promptly said thank you very much, glad you enjoyed it?????? what planet was she from????are they taught not to listen??? all in all i will not be going back there and i will warn all of my friends off. 
Had half pints of the draught beer several times in Lanes bar. Now a half is charged only as a full pint !! They actually don’t serve pints but now their half pints come in at full pint price. 
I've been here quite a few times with work colleagues as it's near our office. Unfortunately I can't eat garlic or gluten so can find it tricky to find meals that work. On three occasions I've been to this Wagamama and although they've been really helpful and brought the allergen menu there has always been an issue after that!!  
I eat here at least weekly when I am London based. 
It might be located in trendy Kensington and draw a moneyed crowd, but by goodness can The Bird In Hand serve up one hell of a dog's dinner.  
Nice decor however the afternoon tea was not value for money. Took 20 mins to get a pot of tea, and even then we had to ask. Another 15 mins before any food arrived. One member of the party had gluten free afternoon tea (advised in advance) and the selection was very poor - a salad instead of scones, hard bread, a bowl of berries and a sorbet which arrived melted plus a few sweet treats (no cake). Scones for the non-gluten free guest were definitely not fresh. 
Not impressed with restaurant here. Apparently they do a roaring trade in Pizza and although we didn't have any, this would probably represent the best value for money because their tapas style menu does not. Whilst their food was nice, the portion sizes were ridiculous and certainly not with the money.  
I visited the BIH for the first time last night. We ordered a mixture of tapas and pizza. The tapas were good - pizza average and table service non existent. 
After a lot of research to find a special place to celebrate a 50th birthday we evtualky d coded upon Lanes of London, partly due to the reviews but largely due to the information on the website offering 2 for £10 cocktails which we thought would be fabulous after a delicious tea with bottomless prosecco. 
Have eaten here many times, always had a good experience. They now appear to have new waiting staff who are poorly trained, rude and disinterested in customer satisfaction. The food was as always very good, excellent pizzas, but the evening was completely ruined by the attitude of our waitress who obviously doesn't like her job. Such a shame as the staff here were always very good,we will not be returning. 
Early dinner, menu changed dramatically, considerably higher to order your favorites and desert is no longer a 'fun' menu it was. Dinner was not served as requested: everything dumped at once so the warm food had plenty of time to get cold before a chance to eat it hot; broccoli (which is normally frilly crisp) was raw with a touch of burnt smoke flavoring. They felt free however to add 12.5% service to a rather cold fish experience! Excuse the pun. It was my favorite restaurant - will not ever go back. 
Went to this restaurant last night, the food was ok but wildly overpriced and the cheapest bottle of white wine was £25. My friend and I shared two starters, a sharing plate and a bottle of wine and left £70 poorer and still hungry. 
I visited with family for an afternoon tea with free flowing prosecco to celebrate two birthdays. Unfortunately despite having a lovely time catching up together in a nice atmosphere, the service was really disappointing and the result is that I wouldn't return. 
Having got a voucher for my birthday from buyagift I booked to go here for afternoon tea.  
Went here for tea with 3 friends last weekend. It all started well and so we opted for the all you can drink prosecco. The service from there was so slow, we had real difficulty finding the waiter so we couldn't get refills or even any water. The teapots were tiny, all in all it was not a good service so I was particularly unhappy at the amount put into our bill for a service charge. I won't be going back! 
this suburban pub charges an average of £8 per tapas dish and re on end 3 - 4 dishes per head. That's an outlandish sum to pay for midweek lunch in a backstreet of nowhere - particularly as the food is no more than acceptable. The "house cheese" was a dish of baby-chuck - inedible. 
Unless you have hours of time to spend whilst waiting for slow and incompetent waiters to ignore you, do not bother. We had afternoon tea and breakfast here- we were largely ignored. No chance of getting extra water, not offered more tea, even when you put an order in and waited 25 minutes to get something- spent a few minutes flailing your arms around and looking like a meerkat with a long neck trying to get someone's attention, you get told for the third time "it's coming"- I had already waited an hour..... the food was ok but not plentiful- for tea- 4 mini sandwiches and not offered more.... Really for a 5* hotel , I have never had such poor and disinterested service 
We booked festive afternoon tea to celbrate my frinds birthday which the hotel knew about it as well. Nothing special was done! :( free flowing prosecco was very good but we didnt get much other service or attention! Staff was just kicking kitchen door every 2 minutes! Not very good atmosphere for relaxing afternoon tea! We have experienced about 10-15 different locations in London and Lanes of London is def in the bottom! Shame as it is very good location after shopping! 
Superb pizzas, however if you are Gluten Free/Coeliac this is not the place to come. Staff have no idea and will not cater for you. Small tapas are hideous and over priced. Some of the laziest staff in Brook Green, simply cannot be bothered to clear your table or bring the bill... Every time we came here we had physically march to till to pay whilst staff swan around ignoring you. Havelock has much better staff and proper sized meals. 
We where there for afternoon tea and the experience was way to expensive for what we got. The waiter kind of forgot is in the corner, the scones where cold and the cakes boring and not very tasteful. 
The food was great but was let down by being served with seafood salad in a chipped ceramic bowl... 2 chips to think that At home we throw chipped plates so I didn't expect to be served with that kind of bowl .We are in a hurry so I decided not to return the salad. I've Showed it to the staff though but feel not at ease and wondering if I am eating the chipped ceramic in every bite I take 
With such a nice atmosphere and promising menu, the service and mediocre food really let this place down. 
There is a lot of the cocktails/sushi/japanese nibbles about these days & this needs to look to it's laurels because this was poor. 
I have been to Japan two times for a total of 6 weeks; with this in mind this establishment is far from par with an authentic japanese equivalent. Bland noodles which was overcooked and gave me an overall bad ramen experience. Go to Ai zen canteen in Westminster instead if you want real ramen. 
If you are looking for authentic flavoursome Asian food this is not the place. We found the ramen very bland and sent it back. The staff are very attentive and accommodating and the space is modern and eclectic. It's a pity the food didn't live up to expectation.  
Overpriced. The sushi rice was raw and the sushi stunk. I've had sushi abroad and make it at home too. Very disappointed by the quality.  
I have eaten with friends and colleagues in this Wagamama's on numerous occasions and generally the service and food has been very good. Unfortunately I'm leaving this review as this is the second time now I've visited as a solo diner and have found myself being seated and then waiting 10 minutes with no service. On this particular occasion the restaurant was not busy at all (almost 9pm) and the waitress seemed more preoccupied setting empty tables around me. After a few attempts to get someone's attention and 10 minutes later I decided to leave. Please pay more attention to your solo diners.  
Expensive beer and ok pizza.  
My husband and I went for supper at 21h20 one evening. The server forgot to order my husband's meal. We waited for ages while mine went cold till she finally came round to tell us she'd forgotten to place the order but that she had now done so and it would be 5 minutes. At 21h55 we were treated to a display of the kitchen staff arguing with another server about refusing to make our dish because it was now coming up to closing time. Overall very poor service from staff obviously more interested in closing than maintaining service levels till the restaurant actually closed.  
Visited just after 2pm on a Tuesday. Place was almost deserted - now I know why! 
For an establishment such as this I expected better. I purchased afternoon tea vouchers for me and my partner, and I couldn't believe how poor the service was. They had run out of a lot of the tea flavours, the waitress was not able to tell me what kind of flavours the teas were ie fruity, we asked for water and it took the waitress 15 minutes to bring this, when she bought the tea she didn't bring any milk or sugar till I managed to get her attention and request it, and me and my partner had to share one teaspoon between us.  
We were fans of this place when it first opened, and we even had a special occasion dinner there 3 years ago. 
Visited this restaurant recently for afternoon tea. I have to say I am comparing this to other afternoon teas I have had in London that are similarly priced. I am glad I had a voucher for this tea because it really isn't worth the £40 odd price tag. Although the pastries when they arrive look like show stoppers we all found the scones to be very dry. There were no utensils to scoop the jam nor the cream. Luckily all in our party know each other so a bit of jam in the cream was forgiven!!!! When we have had other afternoon teas the offer of more sandwiches or pastries is more than forthcoming, we found the staff were surprised by our request for more of a particularly nice sandwich which made us feel quite uncomfortable.  
Booked afternoon Tea through a travelzoo deal. Very disappointing experience from start to finish. 
I was a little sceptical anyway at this Living Social deal. Whilst we were able to excuse the crusty sandwiches, we couldn't let the less than attentive service go unrecorded. We had to ask for our tea twice, extra tap water, cream and jam etc etc. It made the whole visit quite hard work so I would never pay full price!  
We booked here as a group for our office Christmas party, and heard good things about the food here.  
The atmosphere is nice but the party menu is not very good. After three course menu still feeling hungry as the main course was awful. Cold fish with bitter salad. Who on earth serves that? The staff didn't even bother to ask if anything was wrong. Might be ok for a pint and pizza but that's it. I don't think I'd ever go there though it's close to where I live unless I'm drag there with work again. 
Every time I'm staying in London I go to this place as I like the food. 
I went for tea based on reviews. Service was appalling. I was too jet lagged to complain. I cant even begin to describe it - nothing went right. Water not refilled, removed utensils not replaced, tea arrived without milk, sugar, etc., dishes not provided for food served on display tray, server not knowledgeable about ingredients, didn't even offer a pen to sign the check ("oh, good I see you have your own pen"). I just gave up. Check came to 56 GBP which is comparable to fine dining establishments like Helene Darroze and the Dorchester. Big mistake. This is Marriott and it feels like one. Nothing authentically English here. 
Service could be more quicker to serve and with a smile. 
I took my fiancée to Lanes of London for afternoon tea, as a special treat following our recent engagement. She is a very frequent afternoon tea goer, so I knew I had to pick an exceptional venue to surprise her with. I looked into 10+ 5* hotels in central London. Lanes was in the middle bracket price of £39 per person (and that was with a 35% discount I must add, as it was Afternoon Tea week in the UK). I wrongly assumed I could depend on the Marriott name for 5* service. As my partner has Ceoliac Disease, I called ahead to ensure we could have a gluten-free spread and I was assured that would not be a problem. We were badly disappointed.  
We have visited here several times - because it is dog friendly. The food is not OK the beer quite good and the location excellent being near the park Paddington and the Central Line. Busy with regulars. The pub is part of the Young’s group so the food is in the high end of pricey and just about on the bottom end of reasonable pub food. It would have been the ideal meeting place. HOWEVER 
I don't like writing negative reviews because I would like to always have a happy and interesting dining experience. This was my 3rd visit to S&S Wimbledon (because my children like it) and it confirmed what I thought on the first 2 visits: 
Very slow service and the food was nothing special and fairly overpriced, we were waiting for more than an hour for just sushi rolls! And when they finally arrived they were boring! 
My partner and I are vegetarians and were invited to this restaurant by friends local to Whitton who were keen to give us vegetarian food. We were a party of seven. 
This place is busy but the owners have no idea about customer service, you got young people serving who have no idea what the items on menu are or ingredients in them. Today we bought samosas which are alway good in all fairness but the young lady who served us was wearing gloves ( great hygiene ) but then she was adding up the bill on calculator and writing with the same hand with glove on which defeats the object of hygiene. 
I decided to give this place a go as it was recommend by someone. I was really disappointed. We had a table booked for 10pm but turned up an hour earlier hoping we could get in. We got space on the bar stools and the best part really ends there. It simply went down hill from there. I ordered their yellow juice which as per the menu was freshly squeezed apple juice, ginger, pineapple juice and mint. When the juice arrived it was more of a green apple juice with no trace of pineapple. Ginger was hardly noticeable. Their spicy edamame beans were more sweet than spicy. Their teriyaki chicken and spicy chicken were too dry. The black cod was very average and lacked taste. Their sushi is nothing different from what you get at other places. In fact I've had better sushi elsewhere. Overall food is very very average but extremely over priced for food that doesn't taste that great. 
We go there once a week, last few months lots of families dine there after 7:30, yesterday seated amidst a new born and a screaming 3 year old running amok with waiters nearly tripping over him. His screams were piercing and we were left stressed anxious and annoyed having paid nearly 100 quid for 2. Now, I'm happy to share my dinner with screaming kids at the nearby wagamama at 10 quid a head, but at 100 quid, the least the staff/management can do is request that noisy children don't ruin other's experience! It used to be ok a year ago but maybe they introduced a new children's menu? not sure. But I wont be going back for sure if continues to cater for noisy children after 7:30. 
We felt the service was abrupt and unwelcoming - maybe an off night. The food was very average and the paella was like plastic. Am off night for sure. The restaurant, ambiance and female staff were pleasant. 
Went to Delhi Wala Sun 28 Aug for a late lunch and was not impressed with tboth the food and service. I had been there before and it was fantastic. You had 2 waiter then and the food was great. Since the change in management the food is not the same and the service was poor as it took 15 minutes for our starters and another 20 minutes for our mains. I even had to go up to the till to ask for the bill and the lady took ages to even present this. We had bhel puri and even this was done on the cheap using fried rice only and tamrin. Really you could not call that bhel puri. On top of that the prices have gone up on the dishes. Will not be going back there again! Shame as it was such a lovely vegetarian find in Whitton. 
I have known The Mitre since the 1970's and have had some lovely evenings there. l must say that like many others I lament the passing of classic British pubs, but my latest visit made me understand why they are closing in droves. 
Before we used to visit this place quite often. Unfortunately the manager is so rude and unpleasant that we didn't enjoy our night out in this place. Food is worst and worst and we wouldn't come back anymore. 2 points because the amazing Spanish waitress who is always super friendly and helpful. 
The decor and ambience is good and inviting. The menu is very confusing, especially the teas. The waitress did help, but only after prompting. 
I went to the pub for food as staying in the Best Western hotel nearby. 
Came here for a late lunch with the wife and little one. The restaurant has an odd layout, with the dining area being dissected by a walkway through to the loos and entrance lobby. We were shoehorned into the front section, that has probably one too many tables in it for it to be a relaxed dining environment. Also the decor just looks a little worn and the place is badly in need of a refurb; everything just seems a bit shabby. 
We have been to Sticks n Sushi before and enjoyed the food a lot and thought that the slow service on that occasion was a product of Wimbledon tennis week. After last nights experience I don't think that at all, I think they simply have way too many covers for the staff and the kitchen to handle. After a less than warm welcome (we didn't fit with their timings and so were left in no doubt they felt that the maitre'd was doing us a favour), we were seated. Drinks were slow in coming, and food didn't arrive for over an hour after we finally ordered. Then it arrived in a piecemeal fashion - meaning one of our party had nothing while I had a full meal in front of me. Not the end of the world but it does mean that the congenial dining experience is spoiled. When we hurried the staff, we were told the slowness was because we had ordered different options (since when is timely service limited to 'as long as you all over the same thing'). We eventually had to leave as we had tickets for a show afterwards. When they realised we were unhappy with the experience we received several apologies and a couple of items were removed from the bill. However a) for the poor service I think the whole meal should have been comped and b) that STILL didn't change things as when we asked for the bill they delivered it and then .... Disappeared! So again we were left waiting. It's a shame but we will only go back when we can get in when there are few other customers! Otherwise it's just too frustrating.  
This is a very good example of a traditional English pub,in a large building which I have visited many times in the past.. Beer good ,Lighting ok verging now a bit on dingy and the taped music annoyingly loud especially as pub emptied later on making it difficult on this weekend to carry out a conversation without at times almost shouting  
The Japanese would have been disappointed with these Danes. 
Visited here October ‘17 and our experience was poor if I am honest. 
We live locally. Our last two visits were poor but we decided to give it yet another chance. The bread and olives were overpriced and not worth bothering with. The seafood paella was overpriced for what we were presented with. It was dry with over cooked prawns and mussels but undercooked pieces of what we felt were probably frozen chunks of fish. The service was poor and unfriendly. We used to visit this restaurant on a regular basis and cannot understand what has happened. We won’t try it again. 
I know this is just a pub - a rather pleasant one at that - and I only went there to meet a friend for a bite of lunch, admittedly on a Monday, but my interesting-sounding chicken, ham and avocado sandwich was cardboard-dry, despite me adding lashings of mayo, and the bread was distinctly stale. My friend, who had cauliflower soup with sourdough bread, reported that, although the soup was OK, her bread too was stale. To make matters worse, the Young's bitter was cloudy, flat and just a little sour 
I am ashamed that you serve food like this. You are shaming authentic Spanish cuisine! Ordered the gambas, and what came were 2 prawns in a puddle of oil that lacked any sort of flavour. 
I was very disappointed with the seafood paella we were served. We had fairly limited time but decided the wait should be worthwhile. Sadly we were presented with a dish that was very oily on the surface and burnt to the bottom of the pan. I was able to eat very little of it as I found it unpleasant, although my husband ate more and thought it was OK and did not mind the stuck on scrapings.  
It took 30 mins to deliver 2 burgers and chips, while the pub was mostly empty. 
I particularly asked for a folded pizza without any kind of pork, and few bites later I found pancetta pieces and when I asked the same waitress about it she didn’t even know that pancetta is bacon in Italian, they should have some basic knowledge at least in communication with pizza makers in the kitchen, they made another pizza which I took for takeaway because rest of the table was already finished. Paid the full bill and left without any apology 
went La Rueda last year and loved everything about it, went this year and was very disappointed at the level of service. Wasnt greeted when we walked in, think the waiter thought we would just follow him. no recommendation for food, noone came over once to see if we were enjoying our food or if we would like more drinks, couldnt wait to get out of there if im honest. Would have bought more drinks, desert and coffees but they obviously dont need our custom. to top it all i asked would they phone a cab as the restaurant is out of the way and was basically told we would get one outside.  
We ordered a delivery set meal for two.  
The pub has nice decor and the beer is good, just don't bother having anything to eat.  
I have to say I've always loved the food in Delhi walla, but the service lets the place down. The main lady / owner is abrupt, at times ignores customers and doesnt even try to be pleasant - and her daughter or niece, seems to be adopting her mum / aunt's abrupt approach.  
Very poor service unfortunately. Food is nice but poor level of service. Can wait ages for order to be taken.  
Really disappointed by our last couple of trips to Prezzo in Cheam. Last night we arrived 15mins early as a couple, waiting for our other two guests to arrive. Despite telling our waiter that we would wait for our friends to arrive before ordering, we were hassled three times for 'If we were ready to order' - you feel like part of a supply chain here, with meals quickly brought out so the table can be cleared as quickly as possible. 
Hmmm hard to write this review without being scathing........ 
I went here on a Friday evening as a group of 4 friends. I hadn’t been here for over 10 years, and could not believe how much it has gone downhill. 
I went here a while ago and haven't been back since. I am a coeliac (No Gluten) and rely on these restaurants to go out to eat. However, when I last ate here baring in mind it is a chain company certified by coeliac UK, the food made me extremely ill which i can only put down to cross contamination.  
We stayed for 1 drink, the music was overloud and tinny, we couldn't make conversation, and the barman was more interested in chatting up a lady customer than serving us. A pity, because it really has a lot of potential as a historic-type pub. It's no wonder the concierge told us the pub around the corner is always busier. If management jack themselves up, this could be a winner. Ignore the rating on food, we didn't eat, I clicked on it by mistake :-) 
What has happened to our midweek favourite. First the starter of King Prawns in Chilli, Garlic and Tomato, an old faithful has now become a bowl of passata and after fishing I managed to find just 3 of the smallest prawns with nothing regal about them. When I complained I was told that’s how it comes now and we can’t do anything about it. I was offered a replacement and chose the Calamari but unfortunately this was nothing like previous visits. On to the main course of Chicken Calabrese where the chicken and chorizo were over cooked but on the plus side it was hot. My Wife chose the Chicken with mushrooms and cream sauce. This had clearly been left on the pass waiting while mine was cooked and was cold. Upon sending it back it returned luke warm at best. I’m unsure if the fantastic Manager they used to have has left or had a night off but they really need to address the change to dishes, cutting of main ingredients and skill set of the Chef. We have had some great family gatherings here and will cherish those memories. Fortunately with so much choice in Cheam including Pizza Express and Mimi Coco,if one wants Italian there is no need to return. 
Went here last Friday and was disappointed. Haven't been to Prezzo or a few months and found that the menu has changed, for the worse in my opinion, my Wife was gutted the Gorgonzola Chicken is not on anymore! I had Penne Arrabbiata as a starter and, it was hot, but totally lacked flavour. I then had Chicken Milanese for main, chicken was over cooked and Spaghetti Pomodoro, again lacked flavour. Wife had King Prawn Risotto; she said lacked flavour and had, literally, three prawns in it. Son and his girlfriend had pizzas, which they were happy with. (If they weren’t with us we'd have complained, but didn't want to make a scene). The only reason the visit didn’t get a one star rating, was that the staff are really nice (but not quick!). Sorry Prezzo, for the prices you charge I don’t think it’s hard to get it right, you used to be our fave chain restaurant, but now forced to give the others a chance! 
Been here a few times over the years and whilst menu isn't as good as I remember it appreciate that is probably decided by head office. What they don't set though is 
We went for a family birthday at 5pm on Sunday and the restaurant was almost empty. Amazingly we didn't leave until 8.20pm. It took a good hour for starters to arrive and after almost 2 hours and a complaint, our main courses finally arrived.They did offer us a complimentary round of drinks for the inconvenience, though no explanation as to why it had taken so long, and why other, much more recent, diners had already been served. The food itself was very ordinary, compared to past visits, but even our sweet-toothed children were apprehensive about ordering puddings in case they had endure yet another long wait. It seems a general decline has set in since we first started going to this restaurant for family occasions 5 years ago, and we will not be returning in the foreseeable future. 
By a curious coincidence we happened to choose the Mitre in Lancaster Gate for a late Sunday night pub dinner after a day-long tour of the quite lovely Cotswolds. The coincidence is that it was precisely 351 years and one day after The Great London Fire had begun in 1666, also on a Sunday. It was "Roast Night" at the Mitre, meaning that roasted meats were being featured, and the place was packed. We finally decided on a pork loin dish, which took almost an hour to arrive at our table. Given the size of the crowd, we understood the delay. What we found more difficult to understand was the condition of the pork, which resembled nothing so much as Cajun blackened cat fish. It was burned to the proverbial crisp (thus the reference to The Great Fire.)  
My 11 year old daughter wanted to go out for supper with Mum for Mothers day. So I found the Prezzo web site 8 days before and saw a menu option of a two course meal with free drink for £19. Mums got bottomless prosecco. As it was school the next day we didn't want a late night so I booked on line pre-selecting the two course option. 
We moved to Cheam late last year and have now been here several times. The staff are very helpfull and friendly so no complaints there. The pizzas are also ok. However, it's pretty obvious that anything else there is basically a ready meal that's prepared elsewhere and simply heated up. I had the pappardelli fungi, supposedly with a creamy sauce with truffle oil. It was watery and bland. I rarely add salt to my food but was reaching for the salt cellar and pepper grinder in the hope of adding some flavour. My girlfriend ordered the crab bites salad and was told that they'd run out of the dressing listed on the menu so could she choose another one. Any 'restaurant that can't knock up another batch of mint and lime dressing, when they obviously have all the indredients available to add to the desserts and drinks, is plainly not preparing things on site.  
We used to love Prezzo as this was our family friendly restaurant. Since they refurbished the food is just not the same. I've had 2 bad experiences with cold food. On the second visit the mains were cold and the rest of the table had finished and we still never got the mains re cooked so we had to tell them not to bother and left. The food just doesn't seem to have the same quality as it used to. Will return to the other restaurants but not in Cheam 
Came here sat evening, atmosphere is relaxed and inviting,  
Our family received indifferent, slow service and the manager argued with us when we said the pasta was undercooked. There is a Wildwood opening in Cheam-try there instead. 
We've been to a few Prezzo's in our time and usually had a good experience, but this one was just plain disappointing. We didn't have a reservation but after a few minutes wait we were shown to a table. We had the calamari (mushy and greasy) and the Christmas-themed mozzarella (tasty with a good red berry sauce). Mains were pappardelle with rabbit ragu (sauce was fine but shouldn't need carrots in it, and the pasta was overcooked), a light option pizza with salad (salad was terrible) and pappardelle with mushrooms (frozen peas and mushy). Service was slow, it took just over two hours for only two courses and coffee. The soggy calamari seems an excellent metaphor for this restaurant. 
We visited Prezzo with friends and children on a Friday evening. The waiter got our order mixed up. My 11 year old son who has a gluten allergy got served after every one had almost finished. My ketchup never arrived...I needed it to mask the taste of my dry flavourless burger which came smothered in pesto on a cold bun. All gluten free desserts were "unavailable" and the waiter was so over worked, he rushed us in an aggressive way. There were no apologies for mixing up the order or for taking so long to bring my son's food. I doubt we will ever be returning.  
I have been to this restaurant many time and was so dissapointed when we went recently,the service was really poor and the recipe of the dish i always have was deff very diff,we told the manager but he said nothing had changed,oh yes it has,i like this place so not really sure why this is happening,this was also on a week night,come on cheam prezzo get back to basics before you go down the pan, 
I have been to this restaurant many times and have always found the food to be good. However, last Friday I was very disappointed. I, and all my guests who had pizza almost broke our wrists trying to cut the base. Either the knives were very blunt or the pizza base was different. I complained at the end of the meal and it was suggested that I should have asked for a pizza cutter. Why was this not offered at the outset. Appalling. The only way to get manageable pieces was to try and tear the pizza open with the cutlery. This should not be necessary. 
Slow service and rude. Why no pizza cutter. Wanted to pay but took ages and weren't happy about 40%. Avoid and go to pizza express  
Decided to try the place after the refit. Interior was ok but not really noticeable what the changes were it was almost the same as before.  
We went there on Sunday for lunch. A very strange welcome, we couldn't understand the lady on the front desk and I'm not sure she could understand us, The place was full of children running around the restaurant, not just their tables but ours as well and other tables. Some were also crying and it was just not very nice. This led to a more unpleasant experience during the meal. Surely the staff should do something to protect the experience for other dinners and not let the badly behaved people rule the roost. The service was slow, it took ages for the order to be taken and then for the courses to arrive. It wasn't as if the place was that busy. What looked like the manager managed to drop a fork while removing the plates and this then marked the shirt of the person with me and not even an apology was offered! 
we had a warm welcome, having shown us a table of our choice. 
Good range of beers if you have the time to wait, it took me well over 15 minutes when the pub was not especially busy and no one was ordering food. At 17:40 they had one member of staff on, who was serving an office group which was continually being enlarged by new arrivals while queue around them swelled. Two other staff slowly appeared, one of which served only the people standing in front of her, even if they'd only just walked in: amateurish. No staff made eye contact, or apologised for the delays, just stood there scowling at the pumps, which were set to a glacially slow pour. I'm local. This reminded me why I don't go there. 
Me and my partner visit Prezzo in Cheam once in a while for a meal. Food is good quality and wait times are minimal. This evenings visit was a little bizarre, as usual, decided not to book a table since we arrived at 6pm for an early dinner. Waitress asked me to wait two minutes whilst she sorted a table. 10 minutes later, the manager asked if we have been served and I said, yes, the waitress is still finding us a table! So without further a do, the manager took us to our table after being abandoned. 2nd thing, I appreciate the candle guy has a job to do by going round all the tables lighting up candles for that romantic vibe, but when you've just literally finished your main meal, lighting a candle is a bit pointless unless there is a firework show coming out of it. Didn't like the fact waiters were trying to lift plates and things over me whilst I'm pouring liquids into a glass. Third strike is more a creature of habit thing, I think 99% of people eating cheesecake would rather have a fork than a spoon! Otherwise, good food although a little prices for what it is in my opinion. Then again, can't complain too much since my bill came to £9 for a three course meal for two thanks to Tesco clubcard boost!  
We met for a family meal having advised the restaurant in advance that we had a Gourmet card. We arrived on time and our table was ready. 
Considering we ordered 4 salads waited over hour half for them... good nice when finally arrived. One waitress to serve 10 tables who was on the missing list who I had to go find. 
You'll need it as you wait to be served. 
Look, I'm under no illusion that my review will make any difference to the success of the Prezzo chain. However, this kind of place is not for everyone and my review is aimed at people who might be tempted to try it for the first time. 
This was our first night out since December 2019, first impressions were it was clean and tidy, with attentive staff. The setting itself is almost as bland as the food. My Penne Arrabiata was not at all angry, in fact it wasn’t even mildly annoyed. As for my wife’s chicken salad, there was more greenery on her plate than Kew Gardens, she searched valiantly for the chicken, and eventually managed to find 2 or 3 pieces. I can’t fault the staff at all, but the food is well below par.  
Grumpy, inefficient staff; long waiting times for ultimately burnt food. Very poor. Won't be returning. 
for 14 English Pounds, the amount of meat on my roast dinner was a disgrace. I would be suprised if the cost of the ingredients on the plate cost more than £1.50. They offered some more meat when I complained but this took ages to arrive and when it did was measley for the 4 of us that were ripped off. 
Takeaway order placed, never served on time, items missing, price agreed at order time final charges not the same (higher). 
Visit much of London's afternoon tea hotspots and you'll be spoiled with treats, generous portions, even seconds. After all the price justifies it. I've even had experiences where the staff have insisted we take some home. Lanes is a much less enjoyable affair. The price is the same but you get a whole lot less. The service is unfriendly and cold and the whole experience is conducted with profit margin as number 1 priority. They might make their buck on that first visit but they can't be doing much repeat business. 
Visited this restaurant at 6pm on a Sunday evening in a group of 4. Restaurant was fairly busy, probably with late lunches running on and early evening diners. There seemed to be only two waitresses on duty with a third person helping where they could. The restaurant was also freezing and we did not remove our coats! Anyone familiar with this restaurant will also know that it is fairly large and 3 waitresses would have no chance in providing satisfactory service, they were run off their feet. So, in fairness from the start, I would suggest that the issues we experienced were not down to the individual waitresses who were working hard, but the management decision to run a skeleton staff. When our orders were eventually taken, each course had either drinks or dishes missing and simply took ages to resolve. 
Poor service, low ceilings, no view of Hyde Park, average food, no ambience. Would not recommend this place. 
For those of you looking at visiting this hotel for an afternoon tea experience, I wouldn't bother. Our selected tea was chosen from a menu and it came in tea bag form instead of traditional leaves, which made it very weak. The sandwich selection was minimal and you had to pay an additional £5 for extra sandwiches. The staff were not very attentive and very difficult to get hold of. This experience has enhanced my appreciation of the tea guild members.  
I came for High Tea on a Sunday afternoon. The sun was out in London so it was pretty quiet in Lanes, which suited me fine. 
Together with 2 clients I visited the mitre it was a Tuesday evening we booked for 8 pm 
Prezzo tend to be more expensive than the competition unless you have vouchers from one of the online offers, but this is usually offset by the attentive & friendly staff, the good varied menu and well cooked & presented food.  
This place used to be one of the best pubs in the area, after a recent refurbishment prices have gone up and quality has gone down... My girlfriend and I ordered some food and drinks recently and had to send our meals back to the kitchen as what was served was impossible to eat. It's sad to realise that there are fewer and fewer options when it comes to authentic pubs in Bayswater with decent food and reasonable prices. HORRIBLE FOOD, MORE THAN £5 FOR A LAGER, AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE! 
Have been to prezzo Banstead which was nice. Decided to try Cheam. Booked a table in advance but, as with Zizzi last week, it seems that they’re either short staffed or unorganised. Our order was taken quickly and food arrived promptly but I got the wrong order and we asked for Parmesan which never arrived. Had to wait ages for the bill and eventually had to find someone to pay it. Sat under air conditioning so cold. Won’t return. 
Booked a table in advance for a Friday at 8pm. Arrived promptly and was shown to a table right at the very back of the restaurant in an area filled with large groups of people (6 plus), tables very near to each other and some with smaller groups that were clearly together. So many children about that it was like walking into a soft play eating area!! No social distancing between staff, customers or tables and no masks worn by any staff. 
We went to the new Banstead restaurant at 7pm on Thurs 3rd November and had a pleasant greeting being shown to our table immediately. As soon as we sat down we were asked about drinks which we ordered and they arrived promptly. The Peroni lager was draught and it was flat so I pointed this out to the manager and he admitted they had a problem and it was changed to bottled. The waitress came and asked us 4 times in 10 minutes if we were ready to order and we got the feeling that they wanted us out as soon as possible to release the table for more diners. This spoilt the meal before we had started and also the lighting is very bright and the noise level very high due to the vaulted ceiling. We will be going to Pizza Express or Zizzi next time. 
Had better, seen better, should be better, trouble with other people's recommendation, it's a toss of the coin if is any good, it's not great, but not bad,  
Very disappointed with this restaurant. After hearing only positive things about this place, I booked it for a birthday meal with my husband. First and foremost, the restaurant is barely adhering to the COVID guidelines. Far too many tables in a confined restaurant, certainly not adhering to the 2m distance rule. Some but not all staff were wearing masks, none were wearing gloves whilst handling guests’ glasses and plates. At first we were seated at a table in the main thoroughfare and we did not feel comfortable. We asked to be moved which was originally refused but later allowed and were given a table in a corner which made us feel a bit more comfortable. The menu is decent, the food authentic but the restaurant itself was loud and very warm and that coupled with the poor COVID guideline adherence made this a less enjoyable meal than it should have been. We really should have refused to pay the 12.5% service charge automatically added to our bill. Would not return here during COVID times. 
Don't bother. Lovely food lovely staff and very bad management who don't have a clue. Manager is now starting to bar the regulars who have kept the pub going for years. Going downhill fast. 
Sadly the only thing that's nice is starters or bar snacks.. Last time we went, we had a similar experience.. but now (Wednesday Feb 13th) not even the padron peppers were good, they were burnt and bitter tasting. The cheese and charcuterie board of course was nice, but all other mains like the fish or the other starter, the mackerel we couldn't even eat. Luckily the fish main was taken off the bill... Again, nice place and if you go for bar snacks that are not being prepared from scratch,it's safe. Nice wine, but wine-board is not being updated daily, bit frustrating.. Shame as I really like the vibe and would be returning with bigger parties. 
We have been here before and it was good then but we were very disappointed this time. It started badly because the lady taking our order didn’t understand us very well, then my prawns were almost solid well over cooked and the rice we were brought was sticky rice and we ordered jasmine. When we told the lady looking after us that it was not jasmine so the wrong rice she just kept nodding saying “ Thankyou Thankyou “ when at long last someone went and told the cook we merely got a message back saying it is the rice we ordrered. Clever ?  
Just finishing a meal here now ... all in all a reasonable night out ... but I have to agree with some earlier reviews that the service is at best lacklustre and at worst rude.  
Sadly, a pretentious experience. Nice wine. Menu promised much and delivered little. When we pointed out the food was not to standard we were met with a defensive reaction. Slow service, small and average portion/quality and overpriced.  
Have been a few times to Vinoteca in the week and have found the food to be good and wine excellent but Sunday lunch today was very dissapointing . Tasteless beef and thin watery gravy with uninspiring vegetables , had recommended to friends and felt bad as it was expensive 
How long is too long when waiting for food in a relatively small restaurant ? 
Little Atmosphere, cheerless welcome, unenthusiastic service, deeply average food served lukewarm. Starter and tepid Main brought out at the same time. Not much meat. Not many vegetables. Garnish of tired looking grated carrot and a discoloured orchid on the main. No love for the customer experience. Oh dear. No chance of coming back here.  
This was my second visit as my friends were meeting there and I thought I'd give it a second chance. Still just as terribly disappointing as my last visit in December. The food is so basic and unimpressive -though the ambiance and staff are good. 
We had lunch at A Casa today. Dirty and tatty menus didn't make a good initial impression. I ordered what was called "bruschetta" on the menu - turned out to be just chopped up tomatoes with some garlic (not marinated with olive oil and herbs as should be/ described on the menu). The bread was tasteless, not fresh, the crust was as hard as a rock - even knife couldn't cut it. The main courses were OK/ good. The service was very slow - two course lunch took two and half hours. Will not recommend and never come back again. 
our table was by the entrance door that was not closing properly. It was freezing. We had to leave our table to close it at least 10 times during our diner. The table next to us was lucky and went to close it only five time. although the food was delicious, we were recommended to take the Pinot noir which was very good. Although we did not check the price which was 16 pound a glass! Chocking 
From the beginning till the end I was regretting not choosing any other place. 
Four of us went for lunch as a christmas catch up and the place was empty when we arrived so service should have been pretty good.  
Went to this restaurant for a Sunday lunch. I was with family and friends. The starter, soup was very tasty but lukewarm. When the main meal came it was a disaster. The beef was the colour of smoke salmon and so tough it could not be cut !!! The veg was ok but cold!!! I had lamb which was eatable, but cold. The deserts were better.  
Been a few times now, food always good but service is always the let down... 
3rd visit here but this time was dreadful. Mixing up on orders. 1 hour wait for food. Staff with no personality. Singapore fried rice bland tasteless mush... really a shame 
My first visit to this restaurant (January) was excellent and we spent £ 174 in two people. 
All of the dishes were bland. The sweetcorn soups were excessively salty. The crispy duck dry. The stir fry lacked any sort of sauce and was very dry and overcooked. Nothing that would make us return. 
We dined several times at Vinoteca Chiswick when it first opened and were v enthusiastic, especially about the fish dishes. Subsequently, we had several duff dinners and stopped going but decided this evening to give it another go. 
Staff were really nice and is popular with tourists so people were very friendly. But the food wasn't up to much. The fish and chips at £13 was very poor. We went in on a saturday night and 2 bloody marys were £25 , someone's having a laugh 
Starter was good. Mains were last night's leftovers. Mackerel was dry, tough and tired. I had thought it was smoked to explain the texture but I was assured it was not. Lamb ragu was a soupy mix of what appeared as leftover braised lamb shoulder over fregola. Stay away from the lunch menu. Btw, I wrote to the restaurant directly but oddly no response. Love the Soho and Farringdon location. 
Tried this place out due to a) being rather late & b) someone recommended it. 
We consulted reviews before selecting this restaurant. The food was ok and the service was terribly slow. I wouldn't recommend coming here. A few in our party barely touched their plates. It is, however, very pretty to look at.  
Went here with My mum and sister. We wanted authentic thai, but got fusion and We were dissappointet. The waitor did not Ask us for rice, so We did not know that it was a nessesarity together with the dish. The environment was like a cantine. All in all an Ok experience. 
Not great: 
This is the first time I have written a negative review but I was really disappointed following my visit to this restaurant on Sunday. I took a party of 11 including 5 children. Despite the fact that I had warned them that one of the children needed gluten free food there was nothing on the children’s menu for him. We also waited over an hour for our food to be served and the restaurant wasn’t even busy. I raised my concerns with the restaurant staff and when food was finally served it took nearly 10 minutes for everyone to receive their food and the children were served last! The food was good but luke warm by the time we were all served. The event was spoiled as children were restless and fretful. We were not kept informed of the delay or we could have perhaps asked for some bread to keep us going nor were we offered any compensation. Sadly I won’t be returning. 
I had read the reviews before making my booking and was looking forward to my visit. 
Yes.  
Popped for a pint and a sandwich- wish we hadn't! 
I read before we went reviews that said this place was a hit and miss. For us this was a miss. Ordered something that is usually a safe bet for me, but did not like this. I wouldn't fault the place for that, but the fact that we had to wait 5-10 minutes for sodas we ordered and no interaction from the staff between getting our food and asking for the check made our experience bad. It wasn't busy when we were there so we felt ignored and just got anxious for the check so we could leave. 
This is one of our locals and, being a shepherd neame pub, we expect a decent offer on the beer front. Only 2 of the 5 pumps were on, no spitfire (the iconic) and the masterbrew has been gone for a loooong time.  
Having been living in London for a year, heard this place has good reviews/asian food, but left disappointed. 
This restaurant was across from my hotel (Park International) and I had a number of places to choose from. I thought that given that it was in the Crowne Plaza it would in the least be a reliable choice. I was sorely wrong. The soft shell crab salad was overly battered with lettuce and vegetables soaked in oil, and the duck was so overdressed that all I could tase was the cheap sugary sauce that coated it. To boot, the duck wasn't crispy at all. Rather, it was like chewing cow tongue. Service was fine. But an unfortunate experience indeed. 
We gave it a try given that it's highly rated on TA, and also near our hotel. Service was horrendous, and food portions were pathetic. We had the claypot squid (to be fair, this curry dish was fine), Thai mussels and prawns (measely portions), Tom yum soup (good for one or two at most), and two servings of stir fried vegetables - the leafy vegetables had rotten stems. As many have mentioned, they had the audacity to levy a 12.5% service charge, which we paid in full. Avoid at all costs. 
The food was rather expensive and, sad to say, tasteless. Also, ordered a glass of red house wine, got white. How can you get that wrong, especially when I was the only one ordering? 
Limited choice of beer. Sunday roast served with very watery and over-cooked veg. Toilets are damp and smell of cheese. 
I was really disappointed. After reading good reviews online, I definitely expected more.  
An appealing location and nicely decorated in the lobby of the crown plaza hotel. Food disappointing with the beef rendang tuff and taste less. Prawn curry was better but not great. Also beware the service charge with is automaticity added and had to be taken off. Nothing special.  
We had Duck Breast with Aubergines. One would think that for a cook with even basic skills this should not constitute too big a task.  
The good was just OK, but the prices were very high. I got a tiny plate of chicken, maybe appetizer size at best, for 10 £. For these kind of prices, I expect better. The service was super slow too. Won’t bother returning. 
Booked this as a 241 on Meerkat Meals, disappointing to say the least. While we are normally pretty understanding with meals there was a lot that was left to be desired. To start with the main was brought out with the starters but to be fair the staff took it back so we could have the starters first. The starters themselves were good, my partner and I had the chicken satay and duck tacos respectively, however the mains could have been improved. The Thai green curry was fine, rice was average but nothing special but the Singapore rice was not good at all. The hair in it was off-putting to say the least, but even putting that behind me and giving it the benefit of the doubt, it did taste a bit like an Uncle Ben's microwave portion, lacking the pork, prawns and chicken. Service was average, reasonable but we weren't in a rush an had ordered wine. An average meal with some disappointing aspects.  
The service was awful. Just trying to get the attention of the staff and getting them to do their jobs was a major feat.  
Joined 3 friends at The Crown Inn for dinner this evening. Sadly though the company was brilliant the food most certainly was not. We ordered starters of 2 lots of focaccia with cheese, 1 garlic mushrooms and 1 poached duck egg on brioche. The starters took an hour and a half to arrive! Nothing we ordered was elaborate so why the delay was anyone's guess. My duck egg starter was ok, as were the mushrooms, the focaccia was a bit 'limp' for want of a better description. We were served by a waiter and waitress and while the waiter was clearly embarrassed by the length of time we waited, as was the manager who we insisted come and speak with us about the very slow service from the kitchen, the waitress was probably one of the most unsuitable individuals to work in the service industry I have come across in a long time. She was offhand, bordering on rude and clearly did NOT enjoy her job. The main course was also a let down, I had the Ocean Pie, as did another of my friends and this consisted of minute pieces of fish and prawns (which were woefully overcooked) with a cheese mash topping - its only saving grace. The vegetables which accompanied the ocean pie were sugar snap peas ( nice) and carrots. The carrots had not been peeled which would have been ok had they been scrubbed clean, but no, they were pitted with dirt. I mean come on how could a chef have allowed this to go out of the kitchen to be served to paying customers? The manager tried to make amends for the slow service and 'carrot-gate' issue by offering us free desserts, none of which were particularly good. Mt lemon tart had the strangest consistency - lemony but oddly synthetic, like a soft edible plastic. The sullen waitress asked me if it was ok, but clearly couldn't gave cared less when I said that actually the dessert had an unpleasant texture because her response to this was that she didn't eat sweet things. Maybe not the answer a customer wants when asked if their meal is ok, or is that just me. As I read this review back it sounds really whiney but this is an accurate account of a pretty rotten meal. Whilst I felt really sorry for the waiter and to a certain extent the manager, I think the chef needs to be pulled up for the poor quality of food he or she sent out to our table and the waitress really needs to think of going into a new profession, preferably not something customer facing. 
This pub has a lovely setting and as far as 'pubs' go its great. The staff on the bar are very nice, as you would expect. Then you head into the dining area!! It's all a little hap hazard, waitress can't wait to hurry an order back to the kitchen when we have barely got bums on seats. I do like prompt and attentive but sometimes it's nice not to feel rushed. The menu looked great, with all the Sunday classics.. But the portions that followed were a joke. Roast beef per plate consisted of 2 very thin and dry slithers, only just saved by the gravy to make it edible. We checked each others plate and it was pretty much the same all round. Interesting to see every plate of my family totally cleared non the less. We all left nothing on plates and made a quick exit, still hungry. The waitress was a nice but seemed nervous/stressed girl, probably sick of people complaining. A side of chips was asked for, but this was not possible unless we bought a child's meal. The set up from the kitchen seemed to make the floor staff confused and uneasy. So a lack of harmony and service from a pub trying to be a classy restaurant is our round up. Such a shame. Up the portions and add some smiles and flexibility to your team.  
n it's 3rd recent incarnation, A Casa, our local Italian, had to be worth a try. 
Sadly our second bad dining experience here and not sure if it gets any better. We went as a group of 9 for a family Saturday lunch;The place looks lovely, I've lived in the area all my life but only dined there a few times. The service was friendly enough, although the waitress didn't really come across as confident but that didn't detract from her good service, sadly the food was a complete let down. I'd describe the food as slightly less quality than pub grub, and given the menu descriptions and prices, and nice decor of the building, we were all expecting something much nicer, but we were all disapointed with our meals. It just didn't live up to the description, or have the freshness or presentation we'd expect in even the most basic of restaurants The cleanliness of the plates and cutlery were really bad too, the food was served on plates that were all a bit scummy, it seemed as if everything had come from the dishwasher but not been given a wipe to tidy up any smears and stains, and the same went for the wine glasses too. As a group we've had collective dining experiences from Michelin Starred restaurants to the local greasy spoon cafes, and I think the local Weatherspoons in either Sidcup or Petts Wood would have been more satisfying than here. Sadly I don't think any of us will return here for dining. Great looking pub though. 
We have often stopped at this pub and enjoyed a good value meal with plenty of choices on the menu, but Im afraid that the last two visits have been very disappointing.The menu has changed and is very limited and expensive.It doesn't really cater for children and the portions were very small, with the exception of the deserts which were the same as they used to be so very good. We are a family of four and we were the only ones in the restaurant on a saturday evening which I think speaks for itself! I hate to moan about it as the place has a nice atmosphere and friendly and helpful staff but it makes me cross that after spending £80 we then had to buy our children chips on the way home! 
Very disappointing. Starters were not great. Spring rolls were soggy (we picked our takeaway up so it couldnt really be blamed on a long journey), I enjoyed the pan fried chicken gyoza's but my husband didnt like them at all. We also had crispy fried squid balls (takoyaki) which were delicious. 
We came here with high hopes...sadly it didn’t live up to expectations. The bavette steak we ordered, asking for it to be well done, was in fact burnt. The lamb I ordered was very fatty and came with the smallest portion of polenta. It’s a shame - we will not be coming back. 
I used to come here regularly and have recently been twice under the (relatively) new management. The food is still good (based on my takeaway sandwich - I didn't have anything more complex!) but the service has gone seriously downhill. There was a line out of the door and no-one was greeted with any kind of "hello" or "I'll be with you as soon as I can", or even a smile. Nobody minds waiting if staff are clearly going as fast as they can, but the pace was glacial - making a simple sandwich took unbelievably long - and basic customer service skills were totally lacking. Really hope they sort this out - it fills a really valuable gap in the market in the area and the food is still good! 
We went here for lunch yesterday. My husband ordered a shandy, a spritzer and two sandwiches at the bar. Both of our drinks were very flat so we took them back, the barman insisted that the lemonade and soda water on tap was fine and so he tipped our drinks into clean glasses and squirted more fizz into them. This made the spritzer better but the shandy was still flat. The shandy was undrinkable so my husband had to order a bottle of beer after returning the drink AGAIN.  
Popped in for lunch with my husband and son and ordered x3 plates of sandwiches, then changed the order to x2 sandwiches and x1 baguette. A few minutes later out came the baguette plus the original order of x3 sandwiches. When we explained what had happened the waitress insisted that was what we had ordered and we would have to pay for it. She even dug out her piece of paper with the order on which was pretty pointless as it was her misunderstanding. Why would three people order four plates of food??! We didn't want to make a fuss so paid up and left feeling annoyed. What a shame she didn't just apologise and take away the unwanted extra sandwich as it was decent grub and a cosy little place. 
I came here for a quick business lunch when the pub was very quiet. Unfortunately what you notice when you first arrive is the very stale smell. What added to my experience was the first beer which was off and the replacement lager unfortunately also tasted so bad I couldnt finish it but couldnt face the trauma of returning another.  
After being told several times by my Portuguese friends (I am also Portuguese) to come to this restaurant I decided to finally go there and taste the food. 
We went for dinner and asked if we could have the mussels as a main course. We were told “yes”. The mussels were delicious. However the restaurant served the starter portion in a larger bowl. When we commented on this to the manager, he offered no extra mussels or reduction on the bill. At nearly £50 for the meal and 3 small beers, very poor value for money and disgraceful customer service from the manager. 
Well, it used to be a nice place with fast service and plenty of food on your plate. Seriously a few times I had to make an effort to stand up from the table I was so full. Then, the service started to be sluggish, the staff ignoring people, at the same time the portions started to shrink. Oddly all this happened when the immigrant staff disappeared and they started to run the place with English youngsters. Hmmm...might be that they are only the weekend staff. Anyway, last time when I had to ask the staff to clean the table, they didn`t even bother to bring toast or hush brownies with my full English and the side salad was oddly missing from my wife`s plate and people who`d been sitting outside for 10 minutes had to beg for a menu, I decided that thank you but no thank you, I will never again make my pilgrimage to the Zero for my Sat/Sun lunch. Pity. Used to be a nice place. 
We visited this cafe in search of sandwiches to take away. There were 3 staff behind the counter, one of whom was serving the only other customer at the counter. We waited 5-10 minutes while he made up the customer's order before we were finally acknowledged and asked what we wanted. We ordered 2 different types of baguette, at which point we were told that my husband's choice wasn't available. My husband selected something else, but that wasn't available either. Despite a long list of options on the wall they then said that all that was available were the eight or so fillings under the counter. At this stage my huband gave up. My friend and I finally got our baguettes around 20 minutes after first entering. They were actually good with a generous helping of smoked salmon, but we won't be rushing back. My husband's sandwich (which he bought from Marks & Spencers) was half the price of ours. To justify paying the extra and waiting for ages to get anything, we'd need to at least get friendlier service. 
On the first visit, was seated on an uncleared table and service was delayed as the staff were busy with a big group of diners. At the second visit, we were served fairly quickly but the staff were just not welcoming. At the third visit, staff just looked at us as we waited to be seated - for a good ten to twelve minutes, after which we just left and decided to never go back. 
Staff were slow although enough of them there 
I ordered a bacon and avocado salad which stated it contained olives and was accompanied by two dressings. I asked for this WITHOUT the olives and the waitress showed me that she had written NO OLIVES in large writing on the order. This salad came WITH olives and NO dressing. I asked the waitress if it should have had any dressing on and she said no but she could bring me some which she did. A shame because my husbands meal was good and the waitress was very pleasant. 
We've been here with my family a few times for coffee and it was ok.The waitresse is friendly and attentive but can' t say the same about the business owner. It feels like she ignores some custmers and very unfriendly. And also we had couple times for dinner. Food was nice but when it comes the bill we were extremelly disappointed my husband and i. For the second time the owner brings our bill with much higher dishes prices. On the first time we complaint and all she said was like a fake sorry. This last time we didin't complaint because i was in a hurry. It really feels like she done on porpose if we don't realise great for her!!!! For sure we won't coming back to this place at least for having a meal!!! Very disapointed indeed!  
I was so happy to see this restaurant- so good there is something other than Eat, a seafood bar and a pub. However, the quality of food was highly disappointing. Lovely waiting staff, nice drinks. But a fattoush couldn't even be served as a dull side salad. Very dry falafel.  
Overall food was good but terrible service one of the waitress is so rude arguing with customer and also when we friends were laughing she is saying are you mad?!!! very arrogant and instead of apologising she is replying back to us you can leave!!! then other staff members calm the situation and saying sorry on behalf of her!!! she should be kicked out!!! very very Rude !!!! I don't recommend to any one if this continues and if management doesn't address this issue!! 
Just before I started work I decided to pop in for a takeaway sandwich. I had a little browse and decided on what to buy, I got greeted by a nice lady who advised she wouldn't be long. Then someone else came from the back, shouts out "who's next" despite me being right at the front of the que and then proceeded to serve the guy behind me?  
The food wasn't that good, the waitress who took our order was very friendlycid:EEBE50F6-D6EC-45B6-AFC7-61BFE91A6541 
Ate here to celebrate my birthday. Service was good. Ambience was good. But sadly the food was very forgettable. The menu itself was short of variety. The pad thai noodles that my wide ordered were so sweet that they became sickly to eat. The lamb curry I ordered was short on any flavour and tasted like the chef just threw in a load of curry powder. I had higher expectations from this place, especially due to the positive Tripadvisor reviews. I wouldn't come back here or recommend it. 
Got to Terminal 4 at around 6.30 on Sunday evening and strolled around for somewhere to eat. When we saw this place my girlfriend and I thought it was a slam dunk, great vegetarian options and a Lebanese beer. Perfect. 
At Heathrow Terminal 4 we just wanted to change a little from the usual Costa Coffee and Caffe Nero, so we decided for this chain canteen, having time enough to sit down and have a proper meal.  
Nice place and delicious food, although small portions. The highlight of our visit though was the unacceptable behaviour of staff who told us off for being 11mins late and not knowing for how long we could hold our table. Very unpleasant experience given the fact that I was organising a celebration dinner with another 6 people and we received this behaviour upon our arrival. Customer service needs improvement for sure.. 
This was near to hotel so we thought we’d give it a go. We ordered the dearest “tasting menu” which wasn’t a tasting menu, just a set meal. In fact it was a very boring set meal containing all the usual things you’d get from your local takeaway, culminating in (heavens!) banana fritters. To be fair, quality was slightly better than a local takeaway but only just - and much much more expensive. 
Slow service. Small portions. Hot food served cool. Fairly expensive for what it is. Don't bother with it.  
Nothing special, the food is just fine, despite the fact you’ll have variety to choose nothing was kept in our mind as good or extraordinary. 
Go somewhere else. 
Being Italian I usually don’t like to leave negative reviews of Italian restaurants but this time I am disappointed considering the buzz this restaurant has received. I had high expectations but the only two things that I liked were the concept/business model (the Regional cuisine) and the venue. The rest was quite disappointing.  
After long plane ride decided to go here after reading reviews. Certainly felt like we were in a different place than reviewers. Food simply was not good --shrimp was over cooked and rubbery. Pad Thai gloppy. Only redeeming point was the soup... both tasty. Over priced for poor quality. When asked about our dinner all we got was an "I'm sorry". Seems that when customer is not pleased with a meal fixing the problem should be the priority. So yes convenient to our hotel but was too expensive to have been that bad.  
I will try and summarise in bullet points, as there is a lot to say, and sadly most of it will be very negative, sadly. 
Being Italian, we were really looking forward to try this place and, since we are from Rome, what a better time than when there is a menu from Lazio? 
This placed offered so much more but failed to live up to expectations. Long wait and food supposed to be hot was cold. We had falafel wraps and they were barely warm in fact the microwave must have been on go slow as the middle was freezing cold. They were dry and over priced. The poor food which 2 of us didn't each was mentioned to the server who apologised but did nothing to rectify the problem. I would not return and won't recommend. Spend your hard earned cash somewhere where people care about their customers and food 
I had very little time to grab a bite before my flight left. The first criticism I have is that they operate in a normal restaurant style. While that may be nice for the traveler who has hours to kill between flights, i think the majority of people want to be in an out quickly. Lebanese food is quite appropiate for that: plenty of quick dishes. I only ordered a hummus and a carrot juice, because i figured everything else would take too much time. Carrot juice was fine (not much could go wrong), but the hummus... In my opinion, lebanese hummus is the best in the world (and im not even lebanese). Any tiny place ive tried in London so far serves this: thick yet smooth, creamy, oily with just enough tahina. However, the stuff served here seemed to come straight out of a can. In fact. I'm quite sure of it. They just put it in a nice bowl, poured a little olive oil over it and a couple of lost chick peas. Very very disappointing! The stuff they sell at M&S is even better!  
Great idea to have Lebanese food at airport - beats usual flavourless, fatty stuff. What a shame then that falafel wrap so dry and uninspiring. Take me back to les marais and tel aviv or even camden market so I can remember how it is really done. Nice service and ambience. Food Could have been so much better with a little more effort. 
I was so excited to come to this restaurant both the concept and the reviews was fantastic. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed with the experience - firstly there were no Mammas to see - and the food was really average! We got the pesto pasta which was in a lake of olive oil - impossible to finish. The other pasta - Pasta alla Nerrano - was incredibly salty - we had to return it back! The only good thing about our visit- was our waitress - (i believe her name was Alina)- she was very kind and attentive! 
Lived relatively locally for many years, passed by hundreds of times, never thought of going in until I read the reviews here and elsewhere. We decided to give it a try on a Sat eve. And now I'm going to spoil the party. 
Our first time out after lockdown was really looking forward to a nice meal unfortunately there was nothing nice about the whole experience. The food took a really long time to come out and when it did 3 out of the 6 dinners were over cook and cold... 2 of the orders were wrong. 1 steak had to be send back as it was well well done when it was ment to be rare, The waitress took the dinner and came back with it a couple of minutes later, we realised they had cooked the same steak even more. They clearly didn’t listen to why it had been sent back in the first place. We then ordered puddings which took another 50 minutes to come.  
Went for a dinner with friends  
This gloomy outdated restaurant has dropped below the watermark in terms of understanding that people want to feel something special is happening when one chooses to eat out! This place is dire, the decor is so awful it defies description. The staff are friendly enough but they longer provide alcohol, it is BYO only.  
Pre-booked for Christmas Day in November - paid deposit as requested straight away, then a couple of weeks later got the email telling me the what the balance was so paid that straight away too. 
We booked up to go for Boxing Day, there was 4 adults and 1 child food was ok until they brought out our Christmas Puddings, we couldn’t believe that they had cut the 1 portion in half again, we even asked where’s the other half they said that’s what you get , it was an insult to serve it. My mother had millionaires dessert it was 3 time the size of ours. 
Intrigued by the concept of a mamma-run, authentic Italian restaurant, our excitement crumbled in front of such an unwelcoming atmosphere and poor food. Outside the entrance,smoking, stood the only mamma present during our dinner. She didn't greet us, like the rest of the staff. The waitress that took our orders was rushed and unfriendly. Given the focus on the mammas and regional residency concept, it would have been nice to have a short introduction on the food they offered or even just to ask us if we were familiar with the restaurant. We were going to go for the set menu, but suspicious after the cold welcoming, we decided to go for the a la carte one. The fried calamari and octopus were so chewy we had trouble swallowing, the parmigiana only tasted of the scamorza cheese and the pasta was flavourless and soggy (photo). On a side note, the table was tiny and crowded, it had a an impractical candle that got in the way when eating and I accidentally burnt my hand. All in all, it was disappointing for the poor experience but even more so given the way the business is promoted. 
My friend and I arrived at 12.50 for lunch and to discuss booking a walking group of 20 people for lunch in a few weeks time. We were pleasantly greeted and got our drinks and ordered a sandwich and jacket potato. We asked to speak to someone about the booking. Thirty minutes later we had not received either our food or seen anyone about the booking. We reminded the girl at the bar, and our food arrived a few minutes later. My jacket had beef chilli which looked very tired although tasted OK. No sign of anyone about the booking. By 1.50 we had to go so we told the bar staff who just said 'sorry'. Needless to say we shall not be using this pub for the walk. They must feel they don't revenue of at least £200.  
Worst Greene King IPA tasted for a long time. More like unclean pipes than end of the barrel. Not good result!! 
After reading all the fantastic reviews, my boyfriend decided to book for a quite Saturday dinner in Chelsea. Unfortunately it didn't start in the best way and didn't turn for the best. Our booking was nowhere to find, although we had received a confirmation email from the restaurant.  
I went to this restaurant on Saturday evening with 5 friends -> all were disappointed. 
Missed our orders and the food was boring and couldn't have been made by skilled chef's. We went so you don't have to.  
We love Asian wood and particularly Thai food. 
we ate here first a few years back when the pace had just opened. we were quite impressed but we see the place has now become expensive, average and really not worth it. part of our food was burnt, and the 'fusion' consisted of entirely wrong matches. we wont go back here. 
This is normally the best local option for eating out but despite booking online 2 days prior and being registered with the restaurant we were not informed that they had stopped serving alcohol or allowed bring your own until we arrived. This spoiled our evening as it did not meet our expectation. This change is not even displayed on their website 
Bad service ..girl did not get order correct had to come back and ask twice.table was served sticky and my meal was forgotten then 1 of friends meal part was missing had to be asked to be corrected.several of us had fajitas which were fine until you found outside onion skins . 
VIsited this establishment whilst visiting London. We had tried a few restaurants around the Cromwell St area and decided it was time to try Asian cuisine. 
Food exceptionally underwhelming. Both the Karahi and Pathia lacked any depth of flavour, and the korma could quite easily have been served with apple pie. Entirely inauthentic and designed for people who have never had real Indian food.  
Ordered today, have visited the restaurant and was lovely. However, takeaway different experience. Food was just warm, ruined the meal, not a good experience in my opinion.  
We were staying in the Crowne Plaza and saw the menu which looked great so it made sense to give it a go. The restaurant was modern, colourful and fresh looking. We had high hopes.  
Went with 7 friends all the staff seemed to be new so gave them some leeway. Was not on their booking sheet although had confirmation email, computer would not allow u to slightly change the menu, missing ingredient from a meal, cup of tea bought with a tea bag left in and very stewed and no sweetness or even white sugar only brown!!! Luckily restaurant was quiet not sure what it would have been like if it was busy! Asked member if staff for the bill did not arrive so had to ask again. Use to be such a good pub will not go back  
Unfortunately a poor takeaway 1st and last experience as i will not use again. The food was delivered 25 minutes late. Although clearly fresh the portion size was tiny and really not very tasty and full of oil, everything was Swimming in oil. Really not good such a shame as have been advised by family this used to be a great local indian. In an area where there are so many indian takeaways this is one of the worst I have had. 
Had a table BOOKED for 5.30 pm this evening  
In London from Australia for some time, we hankered for Gado Gado. A restaurant round the corner from our accommodation in Kensington had this on the menu, and drew us in, despite the risks of pan Asian fusion. Roti Chennai was OK, but could have been more flaky. A Thai fish dish, with a Mango salsa was as good as anything we've had in Thailand or back home. We had ordered a Duck salad, and Gado Gado, and the latter, while lacking egg, and the crunchy freshness of this dish, was acceptable. It had fried tofu as a component, but this was a commercial, pre fried product, and not fresh. The duck salad was uneatable. Very salty and dense with sauce. We sent it back, and to their credit, the kitchen agreed it was too salty. The excuse given was "the chef was in love"! We were not charged for this dish. Our waitress was very contrite, and offered us a free bottle of wine if we returned. We could not fault the service, as our waitress was very attentive. However, like the "Curate's egg", our meal was good, but only in parts. Successful transcultural fusion needs to be done well, or needs to stick to what it's good at. 
The Fox and Pheasant has put its prices up and for that you would expect better quality of food and service.  
Went here on Valentines eve for something special, and I've honestly never had such a bland and tasteless Indian meal. Two different main course chicken dishes were almost identical, and from the absence of any flavour at all to the meat, the overcooked chicken had seen the very generic sauce all of two minutes before they were served.  
I would like to say the service at this branch is wonderful. The staff is friendly, chatty and attentive, but the orders tend to get mixed. We witnessed a diner receiving chorizo in Vegetarian Avocado Toast, having two bubble & squeak when none was ordered, getting the sauce in the burger after requesting it to be served on the side, chips were seasoned when plain chips had been ordered, etc. If this happens, they will replace it and tend to give you a discount as well. 
Possibly the worst takeaway, lamb was like dogs meat the chicken was passable. Haven’t eating in for years as Atari is much better unfortunately they are closed due to COVID-19 
The first time we went there I really liked it. It was about 6 months ago. Today I have to give it only 2 stars. The wait was very long, 45-60 minutes and the vegetarian tahli wasn't as good as I would hope for. I like thier dahl though. A lot of dishes have too much sugar in them and taste rather sweet than spicy.  
Not nice people not nice food .....I’m sure I would have had an easier time eating through my leather shoe then the lamb I had. 
Visited on Banquet night... The food was ok, not amazing but not awful... Unfortunately my main memory was being asked to move table twice - first time in between starter and main which we didn’t mind, the second time HALFWAY through eating our main course! We literally had food in our mouths as we were asked to move for the second time to accommodate another family. There was no apology or thanks from the staff - just ‘we need you to move here’. Stop trying to squeeze as many people in as possible and you might get returning customers. Have since tried a variety of other Indians in Barnet which are far superior - for dining in we like Arati and for takeaway Naga Saag is spot on!  
i went to have a lovely dinner with my two daughters in the middle of the week. we've been sited straight away to the table but after i had to wait 30 min for any waiter to be serve. i ordered and i asked to pay my bill straight away, when waitress brought my bill i tried looked how much it is and waitress if something wrong with the bill? i just wanted to see how much i haver to pay!!!! service charged been added to my bill without inform me. 
Came here for pizza with my family (5 adults, 4 kids) and left £188 poorer... sadly my husband paid and didn’t keep the receipt as I’m still trying to work out how it came to that much money. The service was good and the food was quite nice (thought the pizza base was soggy and the ice cream was weirdly crystallised as if it had been melted and refrozen), but our meal was dominated by flies, the tables were a bit sticky and the cobbled courtyard itself was filthy, maybe due to the smokers and proximity to the road. I understand we’re in a heatwave and trying to recover from C19, nevertheless a good pressure washer would sort two of those three. I’d also remove the flowerbeds to try and address the flies - half the plants are dead anyway. 
We opted for the special reduced offer menu and we were not particularly impressed. Our waitress was not great either. 
Ignored for all of two minutes as I presented myself on time for a booked table. Stared at by staff, and ignored. Had to argue to receive what I had booked online (50% off set menu). Food perfectly OK but unexciting. Asked for the pudding to go and, 20 minutes later, left without it. Monday night, not busy.  
Seated quickly on a Sunday afternoon without a reservation. Waited 20 minutes for someone to take our order, in the end my husband got up to find someone who was cleaning tables rather than serving customers. The food was nice, meats were very tasty and there was a good selection of vegetables. Food could have been warmer. Unfortunately the meal was spoilt by extremely thin and watery gravy. We were not the only ones to be sating this. Again it took a while for plates to be cleared and dessert orders to be taken. I had the jam roly poly crumble. I was disappointed with this and did not eat it. It was a huge portion with a tiny little jug of luke warm custard, totally out of proportion to the dessert. Won't rush back, shame as food was nice but spoilt by the horrible, tasteless gravy and inattentive waiting staff. 
We went as a group of six yesterday to celebrate a birthday, as this pub was recommended to us. The pub itself is ok looking, if a little tired. At first glance the food at the carvery looked good, but on closer inspection it was a different story.  
The restaurant is expensive for below average food and I would not recommend. The service was uncoordinated but one waitress was excellent. The atmosphere is a bit like eating in an airport terminal most of the plants on the table had not been watered they were dying. There were some authentic looking pictures on the walls. The food needs a lot of improving and the restaurant needs managing or more reviews like this one will appear 
The service by staff was friendly and decor seemed lovely however.. it did not make up for the big portions of disappointment I received. The meat skewers were very bland and overcooked, felt as if the meat was not fresh and reheated from yesterday perhaps. Hummus and chips were average and salad. I would not recommend this place to anyone, such a let down for a post workout meal! 
Very disappointing. We paid £30 each. Sat near the window and it was cold and draughty. Main course was dry kebabs on a bed of rice. Asked for yogurt and got a thimble full portion between six of us. No dessert or tea included. 
Fawlty Towers springs to mind. The food was passed across the table ( wortiedcwe were going to get dinners down our backs) and passed across us. An elbow in your face is not conducive to a good night out. The bin rumbling past our table also caused a smile of mirth . Coffee must have been brewed in South America as took so long in a restaurant that wasn’t teeming with people. Lights put on at 10:15 signalled the fact they wanted us to leave-we weren’t the last.  
Used to tell people this place did the best pizza in London. Generous, tasty toppings with a fantastic crust and base. 
We went yesterday evening and we both had the Carvery. It was not very hot and the cauliflower was over cooked so that it was soggy. 
Went here for a lunch with my friend, from the moment we arrived we felt rushed. Before we’d even settled into our seats we were asked what we wanted to drink, then shortly after asked if we were ready to order, when they could see we were talking and not ready. Then once we had ordered the food arrived quickly, which was fine and actually what we ate was nice. Again after the mains (we had no starter) we were asked immediately if we wanted to see the desert menu, we said to wait a minute. So after about five minutes we had desert menus placed in front of us, and again the waiter appeared a couple of minutes later asking what we wanted. We order coffee which arrived very quickly. Then while we were drinking the waiter asked if we wanted to see the bill! By now we just wanted to go so said yes. Then a couple of minutes later he asked how we wanted to pay. I found this so rude, it was like they wanted us in and out quickly and it made us feel uncomfortable and spoilt what could have been a nice lunch. Whilst the waiter was very polite it appears that policy is to move you through quickly. This was during a weekday lunchtime with the restaurant being far from full so no rush for the table. Won’t be going back to Prezzo. 
Last Friday (14th Dec) I had one of the poorest Xmas dinners I can remember at the Fox and Pheasant in Stoke Poges.  
Arrived last Saturday at 5pm for a booked meal with family. The service we received was dreadful. Firstly my Son and his wife ordered T-bone steaks and after about 10 minutes the waiter came back and said they didn’t have any so they had sirloin steaks instead. My Son ordered a sauce for his steak but they didn’t have that either. The actual food we ate was quite nice. Now let’s come to the desserts, my daughter-in-law and I both ordered fudge cake at the same time, she had custard and I asked for cream. Hers came out and then when she had finished eating it waiter came out and said they didn’t have cream so I had to have ice cream with mine and so I had to eat after her which isn’t very nice. My Son asked for the cheesecake and then about 10 minutes later waiter came out and said no cheesecake so he had to have a sundae which had cream on it so why was I told they had no cream and had to eat it after everyone had finished theirs. Also our 3 small children ordered ice cream together and 2 came out then 3rd one arrived about 5 minutes later. The restaurant was virtually empty so I hate to think what would have happened if it was busy. Needless to say we were very disappointed and will not be returning. 
Food was of mediocre standard but I thought it was all incredibly salty and lacked proper spice. Mouse traps in the bathrooms were quite offputting. I don’t think we’ll be back.  
Have been to the fox and pheasant for our office Christmas lunch before and it's always been very nice. But this year was not so good. We asked if someone could change their main course and was told no as the meal had already been defrosted! 
We visitef Prezzo on 7th August with family and regret we did not receive a good service. Placed our lunch order waited 45 minutes the manager then approached us and asked if we had placed a food order, we were then informed that the waiter that took our order had gone home, without giving our order in. So waited a further 15 mins to receive our lunches. 
We booked for lunch and were told we could only have the table for two hours. We said that was fine; two hours was plenty. We arrived a couple of minutes early and ordered aperitifs. After the first sip, the guy looking after our section asked if we needed any help choosing our food. We said no, thank you. Two or three minutes later he asked if we had decided; we said no. He then waited a good four minutes before asking us again. It seemed to us that they wanted the table not after two hours, but after 30 minutes; constantly hassled. Maybe I ate my starter a bit slowly, but as I put my knife and fork down it was cleared away. A good 10 seconds later the main course arrived. We sent it back. After a decent, not long, gap we said they could serve the main course. I had ordered a salad, but my wife’s hot main course had just been kept hot and the same plate was served. It was inevitably dry and overcooked. We have been to this restaurant between 15 and 20 times over the years and always enjoyed the experience. Now it’s just not a nice place to go to. 
Nice restaurant and decor. Terrible service, food good but smaller portions than other locations.  
Read great reviews so thought we would have a home delivery very disappointed small portions, tough lamb a real letdown considering the prices as well would think about doing it again.  
It is extremely unusual for me to rate anywhere as poor, {indeed, in 360 reviews that I’ve written only 4 have been given a poor rating, by contrast over 300 places have been rated either very good or excellent}. However, sometimes it is difficult to be positive, or at least neutral, when standards have really slipped below what can reasonably be expected. In the case of Prezzo’s Upminster, poor management led to a less than enjoyable experience on Sunday May 6th. 
Got a takeaway from here on a Sunday evening and we were really disappointed which was a shame as it had been given a recomendation from a friend. We live in Croydon and it took 2 and a half hours for it to arrive. They said they couldn't find us...apparently jebrr heard of google maps. Even when we finally got to tuck in I wasn't impressed by any one of the dishes...this probably had something to do with it sitting around for over an hour 
We were most impressed with the level of attention when we first arrived. My wife was relieved of her overcoat, and the table was moved so that she could access the bench style seating against the wall (she’s very slim but the tables are very close together). I was given some help with choosing a red wine from a most impressive list. 
I'm not sure this old establishment can recover from the dire straits it is now in. 
Sad an old favorite needs a helping hand. Tiny, wee salad, warm rose, limp green beans, mushy frozen! Frites, uncomfortable furniture, watery cocktails. Needs a cash injection. 
As part of a family birthday celebration we ordered a take away from here for 10. After an hour we phoned to ask where it was and were told it was on its way. 2 more phone calls and over 2 hours later - 9.30pm - it arrived, stone cold! Never again, even a 50% refund couldn't make up for ruining our evening. 
Only carvery available ....... meat rather tough .... vegetables luke warm ... Yorksjire puddings cold as were the plates plus the worst pint of Peroni I have ever been served. Seriously need to sharpen their act. 
I ordered a dhal which tasted only of salt and was inedible. My companion had a chicken tikka as a starter which was burnt and seemed deep fried. The dosas were bland. The goan chicken madras was not fresh or fragrant.  
The food here was laced with spice. I love spice, just not when it overpowers flavour or worse - the food has no flavour, only chilli heat. Their veg pakora even contained a deep fried chilli. Fine, they do this in Asia, but Indian food in India is massively flavoursome. This food was poor to average and did not stand out for me. And I have eaten in India. 
5 burgers took 35- 40 minutes. 
This is potentially a good French Bistro but it is let down by basic errors.Our waitress was charming but incompetent.We were told we could not have the grilled langoustines but could have them cold.Why? Thee oysters were good but the lobster overcooked and tough. The waitress tried to pour Cointreau from the bottle on my so-called crepes suzette. This is a dish which should be served flambé.The place used to be a rather jolly pub which I wish it still was! Not cheap and not worth it. 
Back in the day this place was probably very good going by all the awards on the wall but i honestly say the chief need to try harder !! Mushroon rice should not be served in a pool of oil !! And when asdas currys taste better with succulent pieces of chicken you no theres something wrong !!  
The staff were simply abrupt - not acceptable. The food was mediocre too. Won't go here again or recommend it 
This is a really nice restaurant in appearance and the staff are friendly.  
Ate here today with our toddler and other family members waited over 30 mins for starter and another 30 for main. Wasn't very busy but appeared two members of staff serving? No smile with service and no hospitality. Food was ok but could have been better and hotter. We will not be returning  
There was four of us in the pary, we originally had a query regarding our taste card and was advised by a member of staff that the taste card was for our whole table. How wrong was they. Taste card for Presley was 2 for 1 on food. Had we known we would have used a blur Her giving 2 of us 40% of our main course as well as our taste card. As we paid our bill prior to us noticing that they had only done 2 for 1 the duty manager said that there was nothing she could do. In fact she did not seem to care, she had our money and that was all that matters. She was quite rude had had a don't seem to care attitude . 
We booked a table for a Friday night for 4 people as we were having a celebration. 
Lovely looking from the outside, with ample parking, we walked in expecting to find a lovely, traditional pub to enjoy a mid-week lunch. However, it felt like we were walking into an elder-care home. On guard, we delayed ordering drinks until we had a look at the menu. It was extensive, but uninspiring. The main thing on offer was a buffet with roasts, etc., simmering away under hot lamps. If you like cheap eats in a chain pub, this might become your local! We left without ordering – a lucky escape! 
Second time I've been here, this time to see if my first visit was just a bad day.  
I came into the Fox and Pheasant for the first time on Friday 25th November 2016. 
We went for lunch here and expected it to be very busy, it was not and when we took a look at the carvery meat that was on display we were not impressed, it looked so very dry and was probably the day before, as all the meats were only part pieces there was no way it was fresh that day, as there was only 2 other people in the restaurant, we asked if any fresh meat was to come out, but no one even bothered to give an answer to that. We had a drink and left and will probably not return. 
Have been a few times over the past couple of years and have not been over impressed with the food.Maybe picked the wrong time of day or week. 
This is a review of a Sunday Lunch in a party of six as a guest, selecting food from the Carvery rather than off the menu. 
Visited last weekend for an early meal, not been hear for a number of years, it will be a number of years before we return. food was dreadful, I had the ale pie if I had known I would of brought my hammer and chisel, my wives carvery had to much fat to which most of it went back onto the plate. the reason I give it two is the waitress must be one of the best around very attentive and polite wish she had some backup in the kitchen. 
Went last evening with friends and was Very red faced at the standard. Firstly there was not a decent Bitter on sale, And the Carvery consisted of 1 piece of Gammon (Which was nice ) a piece of tatty beef and no Chicken or Turkey the Yorkshire pudding was limp and flat and the Vegetables were tired and luke warm overall a disappointing array of food. Will not be using the venue in future.  
Very poor service, meal was cold and when I tried to return it the waiter didn't understand what I was saying. Dessert was frozen, so much so you couldn't get a folk or spoon into it! needless to say I will not be returning. 
We live not far from this pub/restaurant, but haven't visited it for a long while. It has had a refurb, which is quite nice. 
Message for Mr James Schwartz. 
Waited over an hour to be seated even after pre-booking....then an hour to actually eat what was average even for a carvery...kids meals were good value however the service meant I wouldn't return in a hurry... 
Visited here Saturday 16th May 7pm. (Should have read the reviews beforehand). 
We visited at 7pm on a Friday evening and it quickly got busy but I noticed later in the evening that not that many actually ate there. Also I only actually saw two members of staff and they did the bar and the restaurant so.......... ! 
We went to the Fox and Pheasant on the way back from a family day out as it was close to home. The pub was OK and we were informed the Carvery broken and closed. We ordered and had our starter, after hour and a half from ordering we gave up on our main course (we also had a starting child) and left ... hungry. Whats more the table of 10 who arrived after us were served before us. In short although the food looked OK the service was very disorganised and not customer focused. 
How can the Prezzo in Hornchurch be so good and this one so bad. The staff. They are the most rudest, unhelpful lot ever and at every opportunity will add a couple of things on the bill. Hornchurch on the otherhand is a joy to go to so its worth the cab ride there. 
We've been there before and had a better experience than this time. Service was really poor, we waited ages to be seated, nobody came to take a drinks order so we had to chase them up. The drinks took 15 minutes to arrive and only then because we chased them again. Nobody came to take a food order either, so we chased them for this too. 
Upon arrival no warm welcome.  
What has happened to this hitherto firm favourite of mine. On the strength of my recent visit, one would have to think it has descended into terminal decline. Food was remarkably mediocre and served luke warm. A blast in the microwave or whatever expedient remedial measure was taken was far from satisfactory. Ambience remains its saving grace.  
Went for a family meal to celebrate my daughter's birthday, booked in advance and when we arrived on time we were made to wait for 10 minutes to be seated, standing like lemons whilst they prepared our table (strange considering the restaurant was totally empty). This was quite annoying as one of our party is disabled and has problems standing for long periods of time.  
Nice pint of Fullers London Pride and an OK price. The Carvery price mid-week is very competitive, a nice big plate of food for £6.45, so a good deal if you are hungry. But we ate at about 8.45pm just before food was finishing. We figured we would be eating way too late if we ordered off the menu so we all had the carvery. By 8.45pm if was quite honestly not great, but then I do wonder how Carvery establishments keep the food in top condition when pieces of meat have been cooked many hours beforehand, and trays of veg have been around for hours. The beef was a bit tough, the gammon quite tasty, the turkey a bit dry but OK. Veg was all very 'mature' and very average. Stuffing balls rock hard. Sausages of uncertain origin and content. Yorkshire pudding dry and crisp. Gravy nice. Colemans mustard was excellent ! Service was OK. Total bill OK. We left feeling quite full, but not a memorable experience. 
As indicated in the title, a group of us were out for a drive in the country 6 of us to be precise. We happen to come across the Fox & Pheasant and decided to stop off for some refreshment and something to eat. on our approach we noticed that they had a Carvery. On entering we really liked what we saw as far as the setting was concern, however from here onwards it was downhill all the way. It took some time for us to get served as there seemed to be some kind of internal bickering going on between staff members concerning who should be doing what, at the expense of waitng customers. This did not create a good impression. This was eventually followed up by poor service with the food and the drink. Poor quality food and drink the beer was warm and the food cold. My friends wanted to ask for their money back but I persuaded them to vote with their feet and not go back to that establishment. 
The oysters were good, fresh and everything you'd hope for . But the problem was the food-- chicken just so so -- steak and chips when had the steak arrived in the kitchen ?-- I should have sent it back but was a guest -- chips -- were they recycled ? or just badly cooked ?? It's French sure but overpriced and grumpily presented . It's got some sort of cachet in Chelsea but are the diners are perhaps more interested in other things than food. 
After being recommended to eat here by the hotel's concierge I was woefully underwhelmed. Completely unfriendly staff. Acted as if they did not want us dining there. Goat cheese salad was adequate but overwhelmed by a thick French dressing. Dover sole was good but potatoes that came with it were tasteless as was the spinach. Server did not even bother to tell us the soup of the day until I asked. French fries were excellent. I agree with other reviewers that the bread was good. Felt incredibly uncomfortable the entire time - at these prices they should make an effort. I rarely write a bad review but this place was most unenjoyable. 
The pub has had a makeover and looks very nice both inside and out. We had booked a table for 5 people and when we arrived we stood around waiting to be seated, however there didn't appear to be anyone around. Eventually the bar lady showed us to a table, took our drinks order and brought our drinks. So far so good. She then took our food order and we waited. After 40 mins and other people getting their food even though they had ordered after us, we enquired about our lunch. The waitress was apologetic and went to check. Still more food coming out of the kitchen for other tables. We eventually received our food 50 minutes after ordering. We had two young children in our party who, by then, were extremely hungry. The waitress had explained they were short staffed and things weren't working in the kitchen, however really they had basically forgotten us. No compensation offered, not even a packet of chri 
Went to the fox after seeing it being refurbished for wife's birthday. Service was poor, had whitebait for starters very small portion and over cooked, carvery meat was dry and yorkshires and small sausages where missing but still charged for a full carvery . Veg was over hard ,not a very good experience for a take over from another company very disappointing to say the very least. 
We went for Sunday lunch - 4 adults and 4 children. 2 adults had the carvery and most of it was inedible ~ parsnips were raw, brussel sprouts crunchy on the outside and cold in the middle. Beef and gammon were stringy and fatty. The roast potatoes were like bullets and so overcooked that the middles were non existent. Childrens pizzas were burnt and inedible, fish fingers overcooked ~ the only good meal was my husbands veggie burger. The waitress seemed embarrassed to take my plate full of food away and when she asked if everything was ok I told her about the raw parsnips and the bullett proof potatoes. No offer of compensation. Such a shame as this restaurant is within walking distance and has had a fabulous refurbishment but the food lets it down badly. The Toby carveries are way ahead in terms of quality and price. 
The Fox & Pheasant has a great name that promises much in a good area but that is where it ends. It is a real shame because the staff are friendly and welcoming but the food is just awful. 
Unfortunately it wasn't my decision where to eat for Mother's Day lunch (wish it had been now!). I've not been to the Fox & Pheasant in years and won't be coming back unless I have no choice. OK maybe I'm being a little too critical but it's really not my type of place to eat. The deal was £12.95 for 2 courses, which I suppose you get what you pay for and my starter (Chicken skewers) was overdone and bordering on burnt/hard! The carvery was ok you can't really go too wrong, the beef was the best part of the meal. The queuing system needs to be looked at and I was sweating waiting for so long waiting to be served. When we first arrived we were left waiting for a while for someone to greet/acknowledge us. It seems they were under staffed but that's just bad management, you must know that Mother's Day would be busy, get more staff in, easy really! Then we were left waiting nearly 30 mins to pay, as no one bothered to tell us we actually had to go to them to pay by card! Poor experience and I for one won't be returning. 
Sorry but this has to be the worst one around,its full of Eastern Europeans serving with very bad manners, they are always complaining about there boss and the fact they are not allowed to visit their family back home !!?? yes you read it right...they actually want to go back home. im confused as well !! 
I was looking forward to having a meal in Prezzo with my family as I had never been there before but love Italian food. 
Called to book a lunchtime table to celebrate wedding anniversary. Did not actually want the carvery so asked if the main menu, as per the web site, would be available and was told yes this would be available. 
This place is always busy, so some people must like it. 
We went for lunch and had not booked and therefore had a table which seemed to be in a thoroughfare. We arrived before there were many customers and we felt a sense of intrusion from the waiters and ? owners who hovered and strutted about without having enough to do. The set lunch was OK but our enjoyment was marred by the male staff who had a slightly superior attitude. 
Went for late lunch on a Sunday, as we had Tesco vouchers. Prezzo seems to skimp on the heating, despite sitting towards the back of the restaurant we were cold. Service was not great, we see our starters put out on counter and waitress collected some 15 minutes later, she was not amused when we touched it and found it stone cold and sent it back. When we got the new starters it was fine. Although the price was greatly reduced by the voucher deal, still felt it was not worth the effort or price, and wont be returning to this branch. 
Great food and wine; a lovely setting with lots of atmosphere, but just terrible service. The service staff spoke only minimal English and even though it was not a busy evening, service management was dismal. High marks to the wine steward, but the remainder of the staff and most notably the manager, just didn't have a grip. Very disappointing and it will be a very long time before we return as there are too many great restaurants nearby------try Lucio's. 
We were hungry and Prezzo is on taste so we decided to come. That was a mistake 
I went in a party of 4 for lunch. Dishes came at different times. One person had grilled chicken which was stone cold and had to be returned. A replacement came immediately afterwards but was like a piece of shoe leather. How can you not cook a piece of chicken properly? Another friend had salad in which some of the lettuce was brown and clearly past its prime. The staff were very understanding and deducted the cost of the two meals (the other two were OK). Surely it must be possible to deliver all 4 meals at the same time? It's embarrassing when 2 people are waiting for the other 2 to get their food before beginning. The manageress was charming but this didn't make up for the poor meal. Its standards have been sliding for some time now and I won't be going back. 
My husband and I ate there Thursday evening , now bearing in mind that this restaurant is open from lunch we didn't expect to see them setting the bar up , car ringing everything and I mean everything including the rubbish about 2 feet from where we were sat eating . There was crashing and bashing including barging into our chairs . The food was ok but felt in the way 
Viited here last night as my Mum likes it and wanted to go for her birthday. She had reserved a table and were seated promptly. They gave us menus but did not return to take a drinks order and we had to call the barman over to order a drink. All of the female staff seemed to be congregating around the rear door at this time. My husband and I ordered a sharing antipasta plate which was extremely poor value and look as though there was only sufficient for one person. My salad seemed a lot smaller than the last time I visited. Over all it was a it of a disappointing visit and si hall not be returning 
The family & I recently visited this restaurant. The food was average at best with the adults meals luke warm & the children's meals being piping hot (with the waitress not pointing this out). 
I was invited so I don't know the end price but items on the menu were expensive. I had the foie gras which was good , not great., then I chose the sweetbreads: it came in pan fried slices (never seen that before) with a bit of a crust: it was terribly overcooked, had no flavor and a chewy texture (as opposed to the expected melt-in-your-mouth delicacy). My companion ordered the veal chop (a specialty) and sent it back because it was undercooked. 
We went there looking for good Portuguese coffee and a breakfast after a recent visit to Madeira . Our simple cooked breakfast order took half an hour to arrive . The food arrived at a different time to the beverage and the sauce we were offered didn't arrive at all. The room was cold and inhospitable on a cold winters day . 
We have been eating at the Banana Leaf for years, but I really think this recent visit will be our last. The introductory poppadums were fine, and came with the usual dips( you may as well have the dips, they are included anyway commented the waiter - they were not - we found they were a separate item on the bill). The waiter seemed to be totally unfamiliar with the menu, so one assumes this is not a family run restaurant any more. Starters of bhaji and vadai were pleasant. But our curries were some of the least pleasant we’ve ever tasted, suffering from a lack of identity, and seemingly all drowned in identical curry sauce. The best dish was the fried prawns, which were rather good - but which came without their accompanying yogurt sauce as described in the menu. But the biggest let-down of the evening without doubt was the aubergine and green banana, masala, which had always been a favourite. No longer. Gone was the fragrant subtlety of spices which used to characterise this lovely dish. Sadly, it suffered the same fate as the other dishes - an overpowering and uninspired curry sauce. I was glad to leave, and sadly, we won’t be coming back. 
Sadly, they do not cater for people with food allergies. A carvery dinner without gravy is not on. Other carveries seem to have made the effort to cater for their guests with food allergies. 
We had lunch here. Although we all live nearby none of us had been back to the restaurant for some years. It came clear why. Although the place is lovely - feels authentically French, the service let it down. The manager is surly. The staff poorly trained. No one seemed responsible for our table & it took ages to 'catch' a waiters attention. When we complained, the manager just shrugged his shoulders.  
Worst Bibimbap I’ve ever had. It is actually not served in the traditional heated dish and the quality of the beef was very poor. My daughter’s sushi did not smell/look extra fresh. Also the price is higher than some better restaurants in the area. We won’t go again.  
I always use this place when my chauffeur work takes me to Heathrow. Normally a smiley greeting and good food. Today I was 'greeted' by a man whose entire conversation to me was one word Toast. No greeting no smile then proceeded to charge me 35p to use my business card.  
As a couple, I have visited this restaurant many times and enjoyed the food. 
this is not a japanese restaurant..it s korean. The beef teryaki does not taste like teryaki..it' s boiled and brought in a broth. Sushi is very small and does taste like nothing. Service is nice and quick...but it 's not a japanese restaurant! 
It’s really not hard to cater for people who can’t eat gluten these days, especially when it’s a set menu agreed in advance and you know someone coming can’t eat gluten. Le Colombier simply could not be bothered to try, and made it very clear that it was all too much like hard work. No gluten-free bread available - I have never yet been to a restaurant where there is none at all - and they apparently couldn’t make a sauce for my main course. Staff appeared to have no knowledge whatsoever of foods that do and do not contain gluten (potatoes don’t, just so you know). For comparison I went to a pub in Oxfordshire the following day where gluten free was not a problem, all staff were aware of what contained gluten and what did not, there were seven different gluten-free puddings, and my main course came with a sauce without me having to ask for it and the staff looking as though I had asked for the moon. It’s easy if you try, Le Colombier,. You just have to want to.  
We had high hopes but found it below average. We ordered warm goat cheese salad which was below average. I had the fish of the day which was not tasty at all. My husband had entrecot. He asked for medium to well done and it came close to rare, so they recooked and we ate at seperate times. Even the French fries were soft instead of crispy. I would not recommend. 
I thought the idea of the staff wearing face mask, due the current COVID pandemic was to protect people from droplets from the mouth or nose. Yet the staff here wore the face mask around their necks. Which seems pointless! 
My wife and I were on our way back home from France on Wednesday 13th and we were going to stop at the services in Beaconsfield but noticed the Fox and Pheasant on the way at 7.00 O'clock and thought from the outside it looked good. 
Went to Fox and Pheasant today for my birthday celebrations as I always have had great experience when dining there 
We read good reviews beforehand, but it was a negative experience. No guests, but still slow service. California super/supreme roll was ok, the rest not worth the price. The soup was a joke and the sashimi seemed old and dry.  
Another annoying experience here and I won't be going back. The waitress got the wrong order and as usual blamed us despite her confirming what the order was. 
Stopped here for fish and chips, waited 25 minutes as they served phone up customers as well as walk in, even when my fish was ready girl still answered the phone! 
My husband order Large fish with chips the fish was a medium or even small. The chips was tasty. Such a shame as the last two times having fish from here we have been disappointed. Is this shop under new management now ?  
went there in June mid afternoon. As open all day wondered what it would be like half way through the afternoon. Someone we know said how good it is now so thought will try it and they said the fish /chips are always cooked fresh to order. I had fish chips cod to be precise Husband had sausage chips. The man who honestly looked like he needed a shave and tidy up served us, He went round the back to cook the fish yet I could not hear any sounds from cooking being done. The fish I think had been warmed up not fresh cooked as normally they pick up hot fish straight from the fryer 
3rd visit now and although staff are great and venue beautiful the food is below average. This will be my last visit. It’s bland and a bit misleading when it comes to children meals. 
Visited last evening and ordered beer battered fish which was not edible. Inside the  
We were desperate for a roast so we went here. Roast came out there wasn't really any veg which was a shame. The Yorkshire pudding was like a cake literally just a load of batter which wasn't great and cold. There was some cauliflower on the dish which seemed to be seasoned as if it was a curry. Way too many flavourings not a great roast which was a shame  
We ate at the restaurant on Thursday eve. A table of 14 people were next to us and as a result we were virtually ignored and waited over an hour for our food. Even when we asked where the food was we were hardly acknowledged. When the food finally arrived, one of the dishes was incorrect and we had to wait another 10 mins for it to be redone. Not once did they apologise. The tandoori dish I ordered as actually a bit bland and I found myself reaching for the salt to improve the flavour. When we left and we calmly stated how it had been disappointing that our food took too long to come , we were rudely told that we had only had to wait 5 mins longer for our food! A simple polite apology would have helped instead! 
I’ve been here a couple of times. The setting is perfect, next to Walpole Park, and the decor is beautiful 
The pub itself is designed well and gives a welcoming impression.  
We hadn’t been to the restaurant since March 2017, so we were excited when in the area again we booked to visit as previous visits the food was amazing. However, this time was the polar opposite, three curries ordered everyone tasteless with extremely dry chicken. The nann bread was the only thing that resembled previous meals. On the whole very very disappointing as this was my favourite Indian restaurant. 
Had a very disappointing Saturday lunch. The menu was not the same as the one shown online (far fewer options); portions were small and prices high. The DJ playing lame Capital FM-style Friday night dance music was inappropriate, especially when he played a track by DNCE with the f-word in the chorus. Take a look at the crowd: multi-generation families, lots of grandparents, lots of kids. So misjudged. 
We booked Soane's Kitchen as the venue for our summer ball. It's a beautiful location with lovely grounds and a good space inside for 100-odd people. Considering the fact that there were a number of drunk teenagers, the staff were on the whole good at handling rowdy guests without making too much of a fuss, though this was not always the case. That's about it for the positives of that evening.  
Food good but on the expensive side. Main concern that it was not Covid safe. Very busy on Saturday lunch many people up out of seats not wearing face masks. First restaurant I have visited since start of pandemic where I did not feel safe. 
I went yesterday for lunch with my sister, and as soon as I walk in the host has his mask down by his chin, and working in this industry I know what hard work they are to wear but just have to do it. No one there wears there masks properly, they don’t tell you to do the track and trace, they don’t even tell you to wear your masks so don’t feel safe at all. They were gloves but carry your glasses but the top of the glass which is not nice at all. Gloves I think are more unsafe then anything, don’t use clothes or trays which I really think they should. The food was ok but the pork was not cooked properly, the pork was hard and the crackling was so soft, Just not happy at all. 
Having moved to the area only a week ago I was very excited to try the food at Cannons tandoori. But I was greatly disappointed. The food was delivered cold (Bearing in mind I live across the road from it) 
I so want this to be a gem for Ealing. Every time we stop for morning coffee it disappoints. Why? Essentially it isn’t well managed.  
On the plus side, the staff were welcoming and efficient. Sadly the food was a big disappointment. My wife and I found all the food that we had to be lacking in flavour. The restaurant reminded me of the poorer quality Indian restaurants that I recall from the 1970's. Maybe we had entered a time warp.  
A small menu, focusing on 'brunch', even well into lunch time. Just four 'main course' items on the menu and they'd managed to run out of one of them by one thirty, even though a) we'd booked and b) they said nothing about the limited availability of this item when we sat down. Handled very badly by the manager when we complained: she just shrugged her shoulders and said 'it's a bank holiday' - which means they'd failed to take that into account when ordering for the kitchen. The dish I had instead was ordinary, not very tasty and overpriced. 
I visited for brunch on a Saturday and was initially impressed that such a lovely, spacious place had opened in Ealing. Interiors were lovely, cakes on display looked delicious and the menu looked promising.  
The good Friday fixed price menu was hiked by circa 50% after we had booked the table, so not a great start. Fixed menu choice was limited so went for the salt beef sandwich on the main menu. A spoonful of shredded beef on top of a slice of plastic cheese, a slice of tasteless beef tomato in a bagel accompanied by a small jar of egg yolk heavy sauce with a small bowl of chips. The chef should hang his head in shame for this poor offering. Service was slow and the coffee was tepid and had to be re-ordered. Will not be back. 
I had the dubious pleasure of dining in this restaurant, the food was good but the seating was exceptionally cramped due to the layout of the seating area it was hard to hear the person opposite you speaking, I find the Curry Centre in Edgware a far better venue. 
Lunch for 2 after a visit to Pitzhanger Manor and Museum. 
On the plus side, the cakes were really tasty. The downside - extremely overpriced and indifferent service. Ordered 2 pots of tea and asked for extra hot water. In fact, we needed 3 lots of extra hot water delivered just to fill the tea pots before we'd even poured anything out! They need to sort their act out before it would be worth returning. 
Went for Saturday brunch, the food is so average. Ordered the Shakshuka which is just a bowl of tinned chopped tomatos, so acidic, with 2 individually poached eggs on top (chef needs to Google a recipie of what this actually is or I’d be happy to show them...). French toast was so dry. Bottle of wine was the best bit (cheapest bottle £22). Bill for 3 meals and a bottle of wine was £65 (incl. service).  
Went for Sunday roast. The menus for the roast were on the tables. Ordered roasts and were told we were looking at the wrong menus and in a tone suggesting this were our fault. Should have walked at this point. Given the correct menu and ordered a burger- it clearly was not fresh and the bacon was so overcooked on it it disintegrated on cutting. Maitre d' did not even bother to ask if we had enjoyed ourselves. Place was very quiet- I cannot possibly wonder why.  
Visited last night and felt very uncomfortable that the host’s mask was not covering his nose. When approaching tables he pulled mask down completely when talking to customers and collecting plates. Totally understand this is a difficult time but customers and staff need to be protected. 
Today was a lovely day so during my walk in the park I thought I would stop for a drink and a snack. A very nice man took my order and a lovely girl brought my very tasty Elton mess and water. So far so good. 
Me and a friend were excited to spot somewhere 'new' to dine in Ealing and our first impression was good. Hidden between Ealing Studios and Walpole Park, the restaurant seemed stylish and relaxed. We arrived at around 2.45pm on a Friday afternoon and received a warm, friendly welcome. We deliberated what to eat and drink and the young waiter was very helpful in giving us recommendations. He took our order and after 30 mins our food hadn't arrived so we asked another waiter when it was likely to come. She looked surprised and told us that the kitchen had closed... and the chef had gone to the hospital! Our young waiter came to our table looking very flustered and embarrassed and said our order didn't reach the kitchen for some reason and offered us cakes, which we declined as we were now starving and in need of something more substantial. We asked to speak to the manager, who we could see stuffing his face in the kitchen. After 5 minutes he came out and confirmed that the kitchen was closed and our order hadn't been put through. He apologised and after we explained how unacceptable it was that no one thought to tell us that our food wasn't ever coming, he said the bottle of wine we were drinking would be on the house - though looked affronted when we asked for the cork to take it away as we had only had a couple of glasses. He also invited us back for lunch as an apology and took our contact details and said his manager would be in touch to arrange. Two weeks later and not a sausage... 
This restaurant has a lot of potential, however I wouldn't return after a first visit today.  
Brought a groupon for bottemless brunch for the price we paid it was sufficient however was extremely disappointed with both the service and the food/drink. 
The website really enticed me in. It talked about the chef selecting seasonal produce with a great story. It also described it's gluten free options which was helpful online so we wanted to give it a go. 
Oh dear. When the opening of Soane's Kitchen was announced there was much excitement among the local residents because we expected it to rectify the dire shortage of decent restaurants for special occasions in Ealing. What a disappointment. It started badly - very poor service, erratic food quality and ridiculously high prices for what you get, especially the wine list. Revisited several times since, always optimistic that it would improve as it bedded down. But it turned out to be a triumph of hope over experience. The food remains unpredictable - the occasional good dish outnumbered by the many poor ones - and the service shows no sign of getting any better. Prices, of course, remain high. The location is lovely, right on the park, and the building itself pleasant (though very noisy). Gave them a fair chance, but enough is enough. 
I cannot disagree with Oldhanwellian's earlier review which pretty well hits the spot. Perhaps I should add that the service was always charming - no possible complaint there - but a bit amateur. Are they students? For example, provision of the correct cutlery was erratic; it was very difficult to attract attention (one 80 year old member of our party had to cross the room to get what she needed). The main complaint though is about the quality of the cooking. I haven't eaten such bland stuff since I was in the American midWest. Ingredients proclaimed on the menu were visible alright but rendered somehow tasteless. By contrast a bavette steak, which had been pan fried with lots of butter, crisp on the outside and almost bleu on the inside, was perfect. The wines are overpriced though not bad if you can afford £30-40+. We were there for lunch and the place would have been pretty well empty were it not for a crèche of tiny babies and their mothers at the tables around us. Totally delightful. However it does make you wonder how the restaurant must be managing. Unless it is doing much better on other days of the week, I fear for its future. 
I had dinner at Cannons Tandoori with a friend. The food was very poor. One of the worst Indian meal I had in London. The service was OK. 
Stopped by at this place for dinner with friends and family who had arrived from Portugal and the experience went downhill. We waited about 10-15 minutes to be seated which wasn’t too much of a problem, but quite frustrating as it was after 9:30pm and we were hungry. Once seated we looked at the menu which was not reasonably priced. One scallop is nearly £3, and while that may be the standard price I would have at least expected it to taste nice, but it was NOT. There was no flavour to it, and just ruined scallops for me. The rest of the food was mediocre, crab was overfried although the duck and pork were quite tasty.  
As a couple, we wanted to taste some good rated Chinese restaurant in London. Mandarin Kitchen didn't look very attractive from outside but we gave it a try because it was full inside and we thought it is a good sign. We ordered fried spring rolls as a starter which were good. As a main, we ordered crispy chicken noodles and Peking duck half portion. The noodles - it is a chapter to write about.. it was totally disappointing. Raw noodles in liters of tasteless sauce with few pieces of vegetable and chicken. The duck was a little bit better but not five stars meal at all. We spent there quite a money for the whole dinner & drinks and it really wasn't worth it :( I wish people knew about the food quality before they come there cause even it says 4 stars out of 5 here on TripAdvisor, in reality, it isn't!!! Another thing is staff & service. It was quite an experience... not a good one. I understand it is quite a busy place during the evenings but common! They should know how to handle the situation and how the staff should behave with the customers. Definitely not worth the hype. 
Reasonable service but food was poor. For starters I had chicken soup with a bread roll which was ok, but went downhill after that. The main meal was steak which was covered in a revolting wine sauce and for afters I had plum crumble which was so dry none of us could eat it. Would not return. 
We went to restaurant on Saturday to try out the food as we were planning to have my mum 70th birthday in September as we were told the food is good. 
20 of us went for a birthday party. 
This is a kosher restaurant so I guess the owner and manager will be familiar with Joseph’s dream as related in Genesis – namely, that Egypt would enjoy seven years of plenty and then suffer seven years of famine. I enjoyed more than seven ‘fat’ years at Aviv, having been there frequently with friends, mostly for Sunday lunch. If I’d been writing this review three months ago, I’d have given it five stars, but the seven ‘lean’ years began for me in the early summer of 2018. 
In principal it is good food. Service is well orchestrated. Food is well managed. Our starter and main course were exactly as described. But W5 Charlottes is just the same. The location is beautiful.  
I thought the food was generally good . No problem with the portion sizes. Loved the crab taco and the shrimp burger was ‘ok’. It was the service that let them down . They only laid 7 wine glasses & there was 8 of us . Then only brought 6 appetisers . Ran out of potatoes & our main course was served very late . Then we were told we couldn’t have coffee because the bar had shut . They had plenty of staff but front of house wasn’t very organised and they were very young and didn’t seemed to have been trained very well . It’s a lovely venue and great for birthday dinner - but they have to get the service right before we go back !  
Might be a good restaurant for lunch or dinner but my breakfast experience left much to be desired. 
A great looking restaurant with a lot of potential. The food and service don't live up to expectations. I'd be surprised if they last long considering the competition. 
We visited for a family birthday lunch - it was our first time here. 
Finally, an opportunity to pull a small table to eat here... that’s how one eats Chinese food: Order a range of dishes and share! 
Oily, not good curry at all. Staff are ok, old school curry house that left me not wanting more. Round the back of the restaurant is an absolute tip, filthy, speaks volumes. Go look for yourselves. If only all diners were as thorough as me.. 
it's made to English taste , my idea of curry is Indian clientele that will tell you if it's good or not. It's cramped and they are in a hurry for your table, I feel it's greed, it's not relaxing at all. 
The only reason this place got 2 stars is the food. The service is TERRIBLE. They ignore you half the time, and can’t understand a word you say. I would definitely not recommend going here 
Fawlty towers would have been proud .We went for my mums 91st birthday. As she does not eat too much we wanted to take the balance of her meal home. The waiter bought the polystyrene box to the table tipped the food in and then left the carrier bag on top of the box! 
They have a space in the corner at the back for large groups and private meals and whilst the food is tasty and portions huge, the space is not enclosed so noise from a full and busy restaurant bounces off the hard surfaces and the effect is loud noise like thick fog all around you. They provided a 4 panel wooden screen with holes to partially separate the space from the rest of the room but the conversation and laughter from the table beyond was loud enough to make our entire table have to shout to each other.  
We walked a long way for dinner here, based on several recommendations. After waiting 45 minutes for a table we received incompetent service - our waiter was inattentive and brought an item we didn't order, then tried to scold us into taking it. He did something similar to the table next to us - maybe it's a tactic to pad the bills of foreign diners. 2 out of 3 food items were poorly prepared, the deep-fried oysters being especially bad. The oysters themselves were fresh, but they were small and entombed in huge lumps of flavorless oil-sogged flour. Only reason Mandarin Kitchen gets 2 stars instead of 1 is that the Singapore Noodles were maybe the best I've had. 
Mandarin Kitchen is a long established, traditional style Chinese restaurant famed for its Lobster noodles. It is clearly popular with the Chinese community, which is usually a good sign when judging the quality of a Chinese restaurant. 
First time here, because the wonderful B&K round the corner was closed, and I was treating my son and partner to a great Jewish meal. The waiter was surly and unhelpful to begin with and just got worse. The chopped liver with a bonus of egg'n'onion on top was tasty but too smooth and too big a portion. The chicken escalope looked and tasted "plastic",a dried triangle of breadcrumbs concealing breast of chicken,. the lamb kebab and the burger were enjoyed. No sooner had my guests finished than their plates were whipped away, whilst I finished, without either a smile or an enquiry as to our satisfaction. We asked for coffee, and refused white because this is a "Kosher" establishment looking down his nose. Had they never heard of of soya milk? Being Jewish  
I recently went with ten guests for a birthday celebration. The menu is very comprehensive; however the food is extremely average. The quality of the duck for the main course was poor and the French wouldn't have been proud of the Tarte Tatin. For a kosher meal it's reasonable value, but I suspect the ingredients they use aren't the best. One of my guests ordered dover sole, but it looked and tasted like a different sole! The waiters are abrupt and unhelpful. Unlikely to return. 
What on earth has happened to this once bustling restaurant which was deserted with only one other couple seated when we visited for lunch. 
We have visited this restaurant before but this was our worst experience. The food could only be described as bland. Plenty of it and for once the waiting staff were pleasant.  
The restaurant took our 8-person booking for 7:30pm, and told us they had to have the table back by 9pm. but we didn't actually get seated until nearly 8pm, so they said we could have more time to finish eating, which was good. We had a Peking duck which was quite good, there was a generous amount of pancakes and cucumber garnishes, unlike at some other restaurants where I've been to, and it was served within 30 minutes. 
Went in for Lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Service throughout the sitting was lacklustre and slow. We tried their 'famous' lobster noodles and it was just alright. Not sure what the fuss is about. Been to a lot of Chinese restaurants in London and this is nowhere near my top 20.  
Looked fwd to dinner with kosher friends. A real disappointment. Food was tasteless. Israeli salad had no dressing. Taboula was not good. Very boring desserts. Service mediocre. Definitely won't go again. 
The food is good but the staff haven't got a clue. There were six people in our party, I ordered a bottle of wine and 4 Cokes. The Cokes came but no glasses then the wine came, already poured out into 4 glasses. When I told the waiter I would like the bottle he didn't have a clue what I was talking about until I told another waitress. Eventually the bottle came except it wasn't the one we ordered. So we had to wait again. Then eventually the glasses came for the Cokes and then the waiter returned with the right bottle of wine but didn't know how to use his corkscrew. 
So here are two things you need to know that will put my review into context: 
I wrote this review on the same restaurant but it appears to have a second listing - VERY strange! To be clear - I went to Galicji 1 mile away in West Ealing a modern European restaurant and it makes this look like a truckers stop. The meal at Soanes kitchen was 50% more expensive and 90% worse. Your choice! 
I have been here before. Quality of food almost the same. Good as always BUT pancakes were served cold . Service has deteriorated .Waiters do not understand English well while they bring the plates we ordered with great delay. The deterioration comes propably as a result of the " take away option " that this restaurant offers. 
worst Indian restaurant we've visited recently nothing special about the food decent atmosphere all in all an average restaurant with good reviews 
We were the first to arrive for dinner on a Friday evening and were greeted warmly. However, service was very slow (35 mins for bread to be brought to table and 20 mins for 2 of our 5 drinks).  
The dishes were all fine; some were even quite outstanding. However, the rice was all mushed up. When we pointed this out to the waitress, she replied “we only have that.” Rice is the most important part of any Asian cuisine. That they got this crucial part so wrong is unacceptable. 
Just don't know why people rave about Aviv! The food is over priced and very average... Service is really not very good at all. Staff are inflexible, personally I'd prefer Golders Green! 
£43 aft compulsory, not discretionary service charge, for 1 lobster w a tiny amount of soft noodles. Noodles had strong alkaline taste, and absolutely no seafood taste at all. My worst meal in london actually.  
We went to a family celebration. 
Decor of restaurant nice & modern, but seating is weird at the sofa side. The sofa cushion is very plumped up and high and the table very close & tight. I Guess it’s good for children.  
This Restaurant is local to our business and was well used by our staff. Unfortunately my Colleagues and I have had a few disappointing meals so therefore ceased using the place. Yesterday we decided to give them another opportunity to see if they had improved. We ordered a takeway for a business lunch. 3 out of the 4 meals were once again very disappointing. The portions were so small i can only liken them to the size of a starter and I am not a big eater. No toasted bread given with the Club salad either which is normally provided when you eat in. In view of the size of the lunches it is very expensive. They have reduced the size of the takeaway boxes. The 3 ordered salads came in a very small square box similar to a noodle box. If you are hungry I would advise you not to visit. If you are peckish go but be prepared to pay an inflated price for not very much. 
Half decent fish and chips but so expensive!! Their profit must be huge!!!! If I had paid the going rate I’d have given it 3 stars. 
We went to the restaurant because it was recommended to us by friends who obviously were impressed with their signature dish - lobster noodles. And we were not disappointed with that dish. However, it was a great shame that the good experience we had with the food was completely let down by the poor and unfriendly services from the wait staff. To top it off, they had the cheek to (automatically) include in the bill a 10% gratuity charge! Suggest the owner of the restaurant takes a good look into the attitude and training of the wait staff! 
We ate here tonight and frankly the food was awful. I ordered a chicken tikka masala with a medium heat. I got a sloppy mess of dry chicken in a massive amount of sauce which was so hot it was inedible. Just awful. Service is poor with no atmosphere and a smashed mirror in the loo which has been like it for at least a year. Very low standards. 
I ordered a large and small portions of chips for takeaway. the large box was not packed so was only slightly more the the small portion. Considering that the large is a lot more I was really dissapointed. 
Small portion. Jeez, the lemon was nearly bigger. Chrys, the head end of the cod looked like a large bit had been ripped off - there was no grilled edge! Why would you do that in a hand prepped piece of cod and who had the rest? Quality control needs a ticking off this time! 
I've been eating here for years and the food has always been excellent but..... 
We have been coming here for many many years but have to say our visit on Father’s Day wasn’t up to scratch.  
Been wanting to try this place for ages, clearly the people that rate this place have never had an authentic curry. Have to say this is the most bland knocked up in one pot with serious lack of ingredients curry Iv ever had. On top of that minimum spend on a card is far too high !! 
I have been going to sea pebbles for a number of years with my wife, and have enjoyed  
One member of staff rude unhelpful snapped at everyone of just pushed her way through no social skills at all 
Disappointing take-away: cod portions too small. Not much change from 40 quid for 3 cod and chips, one goujon portion and chips, tartare sauce and mushy peas. Will reassess local options. 
A few weeks ago I ordered via Deliveroo, they got the order completely wrong and so when I complained to Deliveroo, they refunded me the total amount 
I like Wild Mango, having eaten in the restaurant numerous times and had home deliveries. My recent delivery, however, was very poorly handled. 
Got a garlic chili chicken masala as take away and was very disappointed. Not only did I find it expensive but when they said garlic they meant garlic and massive amounts of it. It completely over powered every thing else in the dish and very bright orange sauce. I took a photo of some of the garlic I managed to fix out of the dish. Will be sticking to spice society in future. 
Very dry food. Never had indian food like it. First time i have been there wont be going back. Expensive. Staff were lovely and accomòdating. 
I am so angry having just arrived home that I had to review. 
First time visit, 2 of us ordered a portion of white baits as a starter to share,cod and chips and grilled cod and salad , a bottle of small beer and a tonic water. 
Have been going here for several years and the last couple of visits have not been good. Went there today and had the lunch menu, my starter was garlic mushrooms which were so over cooked I could not cut them without them shooting off my plate. I then had grilled haddock snd chips. Fish was so dry and over cooked it was almost inedible snd chips looked as though they had been out several times before. Dont think I will be going again, having said that the three people with me said theirs was passable it nothing special  
Ditto to the bad reviews on this establishment. Utter shambles, poor service, wrong food orders, very slow on arriving and then we all got our meals at different times. We were a table of 10 but still not good enough. There are many restaurants in Orpington to choose from, As a pub The Buff is fine and maybe a pub lunch but catering for a large group for an evening meal, No, they just can't cope.Will not be returning!! 
I live in this area often hear good reviews about this restaurant, my partner and I also get takeaway. On the one occasion I decided to treat my folks to the outside area they have for a Friday lunch. I was highly disappointed, we waited 20 mins for someone to get our drinks, even after I caught the eye of one of the waitresses who just ignored me. I had to shout for a waiter for some service. After we had ordered the food that was ordered from the table next to us was brought to our table with no sorry for the confusion and the lastly I had the wrong meal given to meal. The cheek of it was there was a lovely service 10% added on top! I don’t think I will be eating here again :(.  
having been a patron of this restaurant for many years its sad to write a review which reflects the terrible customer service. 
Having used Hatch End and Bushey Heath restaurants on numerous occasions; it's disappointing to see how poor both restaurants are now and the lack of customers speaks volumes. 
We have eaten at Wild Mango many times over the past year or so, and I have posted a positive TripAdvisor report in the past, but I'm afraid the standards are dropping. It is very busy now on Friday nights and it feels as if management are over stretching themselves. For the past three weeks we have had to sit in a tiny corridor beside the toilet and near the kitchen, with staff rushing past the tiny table constantly. The wait for food is now unacceptable - most recently we had to wait over 45 minutes for our main course and had to ask several times when we could expect to receive it. The food, once it arrived, was adequate, but the whole experience very disappointing. Will probably not visit again. 
It's a long time since we visited the North China which is a bit of a West London institution. Downstairs is pretty cramped but at least has some atmosphere. Upstairs looks like the overflow car park - no care taken to make it a pleasant place to eat. Dingy walls look like they could do with a decent paint job - two ancient air cons on the wall, few ornaments and some sad looking fish in the fireplace. As we were consigned to upstairs we nearly turned round and walked out but stayed as we were hungry. Which was a shame because it took 40 minutes to come up with our starters - we'd chosen the set menu so where was the problem? Probably because the small number of wait staff upstairs meant they all but forgot about us. This was born out by the fact that the crispy aromatic duck was, indeed, v. crispy! Felt as though it has been hanging around for some time. Such a shame as the mains were excellent - juicy, flavoursome sizzling lamb and moist lemon chicken with some pretty good special fried rice and stir fried vegetables. NC really needs to stop resting on its laurels and get its act together remembering that all customers - upstairs and down - require decent service. 
I ordered a delivery. The food was cold and half was thrown away owing to the temperature and quality. To the restaurant's credit, they refunded the order. It may be better if visiting in person. 
Heard so much raves about the lobster noodles. Totally not impressed. Got to say big disappointment.  
Really not happy. Service was fast but unfriendly, snappy. The food came quickly but was really not very good. After my starter the fingerbowl (which I also needed for my second course) was whisked away before I had a chance to use it. Main course o giant tiger prawn was tasteless, rubbery. Pak choi with garlic also tasteless. £30 for bad food and bad service. Doubtless some dishes they do (e.g.lobster noodles) are a real favourite with people but I won't be going back. 
We visited Sea pebbles in Bushey with friends on Saturday night and I order the battered haddock. 
I have just ordered 2 large cod and chips from Sea Pebbles and I have to say very disappointed with the fish, we ordered thru Derliveroo and picked from the menu, and we ordered the fish fried in matzo oil, which I thought was batter but it was not what was expected. I phoned the restaurant and explained and they said it does not come in batter you have to order grilled. I have ordered fish and chips from this restaurant in the past and the food was excellent. I will not use this fish and chip shop again, and recommend when people order online to check the fish is battered as you would expect !! 
Been here before a few years ago and tonight decided to give another chance. Oh I'm glad I renewed my memory as to why I never go there. God, the woman serving was rude, so rude. Awards around the place but obviously not for manners and politeness. Scarred for life now I think. No way will I go back here a third time for the same rudeness that I got the first and second time. Barracuda in Harrow Weald has everything. Including better chips. Always made very welcome there  
We dined at the Wild Mango, Beckenham, and were disappointed. The food all tasted sweet and was highly coloured. The first time we went it was better, although not as good as the Kathmandu Masala in Beckenham. Service was less than attentive by the young female waitress. A shame, as it's close to where we live. Unlikely to return and I could not recommend it I am sorry to say. 
Don't expect good service in this place 99% of the staff do not speak english only the manager who is also a smart sales man who will manage to charge you for just about everything!  
We started complaining with the receptionist when she gave us a long table instead of a round one for our party of six, because she gave ours to other group.  
We went tonight and although the food was average, the most annoying part of the evening was being served a completely flat fizzy drink. When this was pointed out after some of it had been drunk, another drink was brought to the table at exactly the same level in the glass as the drink that had been returned! This wasn't much better. So much for customer service. Service was surly and was automatically added to the bill which we paid - but we won't be going back and I would tell friends not to bother going there. Overall feeling was of being ripped off. 
Went for the £22 set meal . Food was very average .Apart of the tourist traps of china town I thought these places had died . Food was from the 70s Chinese style complete with toffee apples for desert . Nothing was very tasty all very bland . Yes busy but suspect most customers have been going for years and haven't moved on . Doubt many young or those interested in a good meal go . Try some Thai or head to Chiswick ... Not awful but not good either 
Encouraged by its great reviews and a personal recommendation we booked a table for 4 for the special New Year menu on Friday 31st January. At £38 a head we were anticipating something really special but what a disappointment. Arriving just after our booking time of 8 o'clock we waited nearly 15minutes to be seated, although our table was free other customers had been put to sit there whilst their table was being prepared. 
I haven't had much luck with curries this festive season. I had lamb tikka and there is no taste of marination at all. I tasted a little bit of the curry my girlfriend ordered which is bit bland. Nan and rice was good. Surprise to see such a good review on the trip advisor unfortunately it did not work for me. I would think twice before revisit. 
My family just had dinner here. After reading the reviews we thought we were in for a good meal. We were very disappointed. I ordered the dish everyone seems to love - the lobster noodles - It simply wasn't that good. Our fried wonton appetizer was on par with a low end fast food Chinese place (as was the sweet and sour sauce) and our salt and pepper pork rib appetizer was tough and chewy. We had four other dishes across chicken, vegetarian, beef and seafood, none of which were very good. No one really enjoyed their meal.  
We were advised food to be delivered would be 30 - 45 minutes. This took 90 minutes to reach us. We live 1.5 miles away. The food was nice but expensive and I would not order for home delivery again. The staff did not appear to be bothered that the food had taken to long to reach us. 
I visited here recently , the service was great and everything thing but the good itself wasn't great. 
It has been 4-5 years since I visited the restaurant and I remember it vaguely to be well known for its lobster noodles. Read online reviews and heard from friends on the lobster noodles and decided to come again.  
As a plus the restaurant is spotlessly clean & modern. However Wild Mango need to be more honest! We booked via Taste Card - when given the menu we noticed all the interesting prawn starters we viewed in the window menu were missing? We kept hearing fellow diners ordering things not on our menu - so asked the waitress was there a reduced menu for taste card ( clearly there was) and were told no we had the full menu. It was a blatant lie - if you're going to operate two different menus / pricing structures at least be transparent and afford your diners the opportunity to decide which they'd like to order from. The taste card menu has all the thalis, prawn puris & interesting prawn starters omitted. I chose the tandor pepper with vegetables & cottage cheese starter- it was filled mostly with bland mashed potato & topped with a greasy slick of tasteless grated cheese. When the waiter collected the plates I mentioned there was no cottage cheese & the waiter just shrugged his shoulders. The hirayli prawn main was missing mint and the cauliflower bhaji had small black dots on the surface of the cauliflower - the hallmark of a vegetable past its best. The food is well presented but over salted, too greasy for my palate and what's with the addition of whole grain mustard in every other dish? Awful customer service - no one asked if we enjoyed our meal and I detest their blatant dishonesty - wouldn't it be better to keep everyone happy and introduce a small surcharge for the more expensive dishes? If you want an authentic, fresh tasting meal you'll get more bang for your buck at the consistently good Kathmandu Masala 5 minutes walk away! Oh and the wild mango menu exhibited on the way in is actually the take away menu ( though not clearly labelled as such) so the restaurant prices are a couple of pounds more in some cases! Disgraceful, won't be back. 
Average food at the least with over priced prices! 
We wanted to eat some.more but the service is quite terrible and sloooow. Staff are not friendly and doesnt even smile.  
Their chips have gone down hill- this place used to be amazing but their chips taste awful now.. Its like they are using cheaper chips. 
Me and my husband recently came back from a long holiday a few months ago and were in the mood for a curry, we opted for a delivery from wild mango and were a bit disappointed. The curry was salty and the naan seemed like more of a chappati than a naan. We were willing to try to dine in on the weekend because we love the food and staff at wild mango, much to our disappointment it looks like a change of staff/management here. The previous waiters and waitresses were always there giving us great warm service.The atmosphere has changed for the worse now ,the food was oily , the rice seemed microwaved not fresh but the naan was nice though. Looks like we have to find a new curry house. 
W were up in London and were in Queebnsway and were seduced by the previous award won by this place 
We had a completely tasteless chicken with cashew nuts - avoid this! The sweet and sour chicken was ok, though. Staff could be more attentive, so there are probably better places to try... 
Went at 7.30 on a Thursday eve, however two of the dishes (out of 4) we tried to order were finished! Shame they didn't tell us before we tried to order! Basically we paid nearly £20 each for fish n chips and 3 drinks. Prawns (6 of them!) were over cooked too. Would say this is no restaurant, just a fancy fish and chip shop. Won't bother going again. 
Usually expect a good quality meal and service at Sea Pebbles. Today the experience was not so great. The fish that was served was soggy and the texture had turned to pulp. Understanding these things happen, I advised one waiter who called another waiter who then told me the fish must of had a vein pulled out and blood must have gotten into the fish, it was still ok to eat. I kept quiet and the waiter politely offered to replace it. I received a new meal which was cooked fine, however they served me with a smaller portion of fish and a smaller portion of chips. For two lunch specials 12:95 and 2 cokes the bill came to just under £34. Not the cheapest fish and chips in the area and sadly today not the best experience either. 
Father's Day.. But staff were like the kids .. Sleeping in view of all whilst we waited for Won Ton Soup... Ambiance slightly dulled by Hoover at 4300 pm going around front of bar .. Crispy duck passable though with Duck picking up the bill should not be making you so resentful. The service and the food have deteriorated since last visit some years ago .. Well the crab probably remembered us because it was geriatric with spots on the shell .. The Appetisers were tired too squid everything but disabled sticker curled into fried goo.Think best thing is put the once trendy decor to bed,change the chef . Give staff a good sleep and start again. Think the Mandarin would have cleared off across the street like the young couple on next table almost did before the staff on the next table woke up from their slumber and gave them a drink ,our chicken dish had seen the long march and was tired too whilst the prawns even disappointed the Chinese family on the next table .. Crushed Asians you may say given their expectations and ours ..what happened ? It was once A kitchen but also a restaurant to lease any Mandarin .. Maybe it was the time of day in which case you could join in the siesta and forget you are not in a Spanish restaurant .. But as any Father knows the kids are not likely to sleep when expecting a Chinese feast  
I called to make an order for collection about 7.45pm. I was told that I could not order what I wanted but only dishes that were prepared and did not require 'cooking' by the chefs as they were closing at 8pm. Basically saying that the kitchen was closed. Was very disappointed. It's close to work and we were ordering dinner as a few colleagues were working late. The website isn't easy to navigate so checking that and listing the order took time. I've not been turned down like that before and there are always customers sitting in the restaurant past 8pm. Haven't ordered from there since and don't want to anytime soon which is a shame as it was a place we ate from quite regularly (fortnightly) before.  
A great fan and have eaten here a lot. However plate size has decreased and prices increased. Think greed has gotten the better of a easy fish and chip dinner. Fish still good but I lament the loss of chips  
Visited here for Mothers Day and forgot why it had been so long since my last visit. Having grown up in Hatch End I have seen this restaurant from when its doors opened. Unfortunately I wont be eating in or taking away again, the quality and definitely the price has changed dramatically and not for the better. I understand the price of fish has increased but in comparison to other resturants not by this degree. I wouldn't mind so much if it was served nicely, but the grilled fish was dry and when they say it comes with chips there were about 15 chips. A greek salad for nearly £5 looking like it was just thrown on a plate in a café and served up.  
Visited Saras and am confused, was it a bar, bistro, canteen or a restaurant? It is kitted out like a canteen, no soft furnishings or decor. So voices resonate and it is not pleasant to sit in. Floor is slippery and one of our party actually slipped and fell. Owner / manager put it down to raining outside. Service was rather poor right from onset and got no better as evening progressed. Waitress was totally inflexible regarding modifying mixed platters. Food was very mediocre. Masala bhindi had more masala than bhindi (which was almost uncooked anyway). Kohlapuri vegetables were mainly allu (potatoes) with far too much chillies. This dish was left more or less uneaten. Red wine was served at wrong temperature (on the warmer side). Nans were good but tandoori roti was not made from wholemeal flour. It will have to improve and change a lot to persuade me to visit again. 
Located in the hotly contested Queensway road, this tired and outmoded Chinese restaurant has unfortunately consigned itself to the history books for not only myself, but also my justifiably disgruntled family on Father's Day this year. 
I tried this restaurant twice (willing to give them another chance after my first experience), not being saitisfied even once. The staff is unfriendly and cold, the place was cold, and even the Peking Duck I ordered was cold. Not really the worth. 
I have been going to this restaurant for many years but my latest visit must have been the 'bad night'. I guess everyone has them. The service was ok but the chips came out almost white and cold and they made the mistake of recooking them which simply made them oily. The Haddock was 'mushy' and not too generous. Having had fish from another local fish and chip shop The Whitehouse recently the difference was noticeable. Maybe just an off night but not to my taste. By the way the price for Fish and Chips was as high as several restaurants in Hatch End charge for 2 course fixed price menu's 
We went on a Saturday evening for a quick meal,it was not very busy which I thought was strange.I had always heard good things about their fish.I ordered calamari and cod fillet to follow.Considering the owner is Greek, for him to serve frozen reformed squid in breadcrumbs in straight strips which resembled fish fingers which I sent back is disgusting.Calamari to me is always in rings ,lightly battered and fresh, the cod was the smallest I have ever seen and served with about 8 chips.My wife ordered goujons which were 4 pieces of hard tasteless fish.We will not be returning. 
I went last night to have dinner with my daughter. i was shocked by how unpleasant the waiter was. In fact I have never been spoken to by anyone like it before. Me: 'grilled halibut please' him 'no halibut. Me: 'It's on the menu' him: 'sold out'. I had seen the chips on the table next to me were served practically white. May I have mine golden? You want them over cooked? A side of coleslaw please. No coleslaw! The food came in a timely fashion my grilled haddock was dry but edible. Chips ok. My fork felt small so I asked for a larger one and was told their all the same size! A gentleman sitting on the table next to me pointed out that my fork was a starter fork. So the waiter grudgingly gave me a larger one. My daughter couldn't finish her dinner so asked for it to be boxed up. The waiter threw a box & bag on the table. Really unpleasant. I can never be bothered to write reviews but this was horrid. 
We went for Valentine’s Day dinner. Firstly they just waved us on to the table with no greeting. Then we’re told the menu was a a choice of 2 set menus. Not awe inspiring and we heard several couples complaining about that. 
The first time I visited this fish &chips eatery I was impressed by the better look in comparison to most chip pies in town. The size, decorative stile was more inviting and the food was ok. A few weeks ago, unfortunately I was served a wilted salad with yellow rocket and , despite being unable to eat it I was forced to pay for it. When I explained that I thought it should not have been served and should be removed from the bill the waiter was extremely rude and argumentative. 
My husband and I dined with another couple. The decor is out dated. The plates were to small. We ordered salad which had two pieces of tomato and fallout of the sides if a tiny bowl. Chips hot but not cooked crispy. Seemed par boiled and dry skinned. Considering the price of the fish. We had cod and sea bass. Quite tasteless and small whole sea bass. Tiny beverage glass to pour a beer. Waters prompt. No consideration for customer. Gave menu and then returned quickly to take order. Cafe atmosphere "not a dinning experience". Not rude, just Unfriendly staff. Experience worst than 10 yrs. 
I have visited the bushey branch several times although the haddock was passable I have had better so visited again where I was ignored at the counter for at least five minutes acknowledgement from the staff would have been nice even though they were quite busy after ten minutes I walked out and will never return 
U I was appalled at the service received today! A telephone order was done and was told 1 5mins it would be ready. On arrival to collected order nothing was ready , had to wait a further 30 mins for order to be ready! Went home only to find that no dressing in salad as requested. The portion of chips was smaller than usual not only that the price of salad stated on website take away menu was less and I was charged more.  
We was recommended to this restaurant on arrival we were asked for our order we asked for a bottle of rose wine.This was plonked on the table with 2 glasses unopened We had to not only open it but pour it ourselves. 
Nothing too special, service was the saving grace but other than this, the food was forgettable and at times, felt it was better to just leave the dish than eat it so food didn't get wasted. I didn't like the curries so to me the meal slowly went downhill - the starters were not too bad (bhajia is a safe option). I don't see myself recommending this or going back again - there is also too much competition in the local area for this restaurant. 
It’s convenient - the only fish and chips shop around where we were visiting. It has fish, it has chips and lots of other choice to be fair. 
I visited the Take away several times and the fish was lovely and Flaky but as for the chips I find them a bit under cooked for my liking on a Friday, but as for a Saturday they are much better, now as for the Restaurant I've eaten a couple of times in the past and the most recent being this Saturday night. The service is good, the Ketchup is of the cheap variety ie Not Heinz and as for the Fish the batter is lovely and crisp on the outside but the fish I find is very watery. 
This was a poor lunch. The place seems like a relic of the sixty's, as the starter of fried mushrooms was tough and, I suspect, reheated. I followed with vastly overlooked cod ( was this also recooked) and a bottle of diluted tomato ketchup.  
So I was taking my girlfriend out and we decided to get a take away as we love fish and chips, we live 10-15 minutes away we bought a COD and chips. The chips where cold and white and the fish was soggy and overly battered. 
Even worse than before, long wait for drinks , understaffed, seating area filthy, if it's like that downstairs, what's it like upstairs! What is the matter with greene king and their staffing problems, and cleaning managers. 
Staff were friendly but the good ends there. 
Want impressed at all. Got to the park after ordering large chips to find what would be a small portion in most places. Very expensive in fact a rip off 
We ordered a take-away, including several dishes we have had several times before.  
I had high expectations, especially considering the price but apart from the chicken soup the rest of the food was some what bland. 
We have been many times over the years and was told recently by friends that the standard of food has gone down. 
Ordered steak well done was medium-rare and steak was chewy and not very nice at all very disappointing  
Went with family / friends to celebrate my wife's birthday Saturday lunch time. In no particular order: no "signature" steaks, no flavoured gins, no blush wines, no patrons, no atmosphere, no interaction by staff, no idea how to cook sprouts, no interest in our party (until we started ordering bottles of wine - £££ signs & bigger service charge!! Add to this the limited menu on offer, rip - off costs for side dishes & drinks, surly attitude of the head waiter / manager made for a very disappointing experience.  
We are in London now and were craving for Chinese food. From the reviews on trip advisor, we headed to New Fortune Cookie Chinese Restaurant for dinner yesterday. After the dinner, we chanced upon Mandarin Kitchen Seafood Restaurant which is just opposite New Fortune Cookie. We saw the huge crowd and many accolades plastered on the glass door. We immediately made a reservation for dinner on the following day, which is today. From the first mouthful of their food, we could immediately tell the difference. New Fortune Cookie is way better in terms of the taste of food. Though Mandarin Kitchen has a better ambience, it loses out in its food, and I mean for every of the dishes we ordered. Both have lobster on crispy noodle as its signature dish but New Fortune Cookie's is more delicious down to the last morsel. Mandarin Kitchen charges a 10% service charge so do take note. New Fortune Cookie leaves the tipping to you though we did tip them about 10% too. So do cross the road for better tasting Chinese food. Recommend to make reservation in advance though.  
The restaurant was recommended as relaxed and informal dining with excellent Chinese food. We went there on Thursday night 
We booked a table at the M Bar & Grill after my sons show at the Exchange which is next door. The grill is nicely finished, but as it was a hot night so we sat out side. The staff were attentive, and the young lady that served us was very pleasant, and helpful, but that's as far as it goes. I don't know if the chef was having an off night, but the standard of the food we ordered was way below what i would have expected. Now i did not order a steak so cannot comment on this, but the Caesar Salad was one if not the worst I have ever had out at a restaurant. The lettuce was shredded instead of serving whole leaves, there was very little dressing, but extra was brought to our table, but the extra charge of £5 for chicken was insulting, considering all that was added were a few small shredded pieces, that looked more like croutons than chicken. I did bring this up, and the extra charge for chicken was removed from the final bill, but if this is the standard of the other food at this restaurant, I will not be returning. Shame as I wanted to like this place. 
I have had decent fish and chips from this restaurant before. I now had to order delivery via Uber only to find the prices were 10-20% more expensive. To make matters worse the wrong order was delivered. I rang Uber, but the driver says he only delivers, so it's the restaurant's fault. The restaurant wasn't answering the phone - just answer machine - so I cannot feed back how bad their service was today. I can only hope they read this review. 
We have been getting our fish and chips from this restaurant for over 20 years and usually ( not always ) it is pretty good. Today we ordered plaice and chips through Deliveroo and it arrived lukewarm with dried out portions of fish that was virtually all skin and batter and what little fish there was was dry and overcooked.  
Very popular fish and chip restaurant in Hatch End and the food is good. However, the staff are not friendly, almost throwing the plates onto the table when serving - really need to work on improving customer service. We tend to go to another fish and chip restaurant where the food AND service is excellent. 
Having not been to the Mandarin Oriental for lunch for some years ago we decided to have lunch on their terrace. What a disaster. We were paced at a table, however as the weather was inclement my wife asked if we could move to a particular table. After much huffing and puffing being told the tables were booked we were moved. None of the tables we asked to be moved to were occupied whilst we were lunching. We ordered a piece of chicken - £48 and a steak - £48 which was tough and came with a few chips. Vegetables were extra. I asked if I could have a Bearnaise sauce but was told no so I asked for some mayonnaise which was brought to the table. This was out of a bottle! Surely a 5 star hotel could produce homemade mayonnaise. The pudding menu was a choice of 2 items or cheese which we declined. My wife chose a cappuccino and I asked for a filter coffee but again was told this was not possible. Could we have some petit fours. No we don’t provide them. The attention to the table was poor. I had to call a waiter to fill my glass with water. All in all a disastrous lunch with poor service. 2 glasses of wine and a soft drink plus food produced a bill; of £157.77!!!!! Not a patch on the Mandarin Oriental, Bangkok. Totally overpriced. 
Food under par cold and not good one meal arrived 10 minutes after the rest of party of 9 had nearly finished and was cold and not good at all. Would not recommend 
This should have been a positive review, the restaurant is pretty new so has a good atmosphere and the staff were efficient despite it being super busy.  
Firstly, the Calamari as a starter. The batter and the dish were cold and the lemon was frozen.  
Dirty tables, glasses and cutlery. Food kinda bland - pasta tasted like it was dried not fresh. The final straw was the waitress holding the block of Parmesan in her bare hands to grate it after wiping down the table with a cloth.  
The food was decent,though expensive.  
There are certain things I want from my restaurant experience. 
I went to London for a short holiday and wish to have the superb experience and brighten the year 2020 (visited on 16/01/2020).  
Thought we'd try this restaurant, although having been to it's 'sister' restaurant in Eastcote, we weren't sure if it would be an improvement.  
My overriding feeling was, sadly, very underwhelmed. It wasn’t all negative but I will cover what I thought in detail. 
This carpet-shop-turned Turkish restaurant needs carpets. It's full of echoes and din. Déjà vu of Canak, the carpet-shop-turned Turkish restaurant hit me hard. The decor is bright lights, plain walls, warehouse. There were lots of groups and families. It's too noisy and bright for anything romantic or intimate. The service was much better than at Canak, though the waiters like to call ladies "Darling". The starter was delicious, beautiful liver and onions and also smoked aubergine. The main course kebab was well cooked. The octopus casserole was slightly congealed, with acid tasting tomato sauce smothering the seafood flavour. There was plentiful flatbread and move helpings of rice and barley. It was overpriced. The noise got worse as it filled up so we skipped dessert. I'd rather pay Sheesh more for a better meal and experience. 
We used to go here often because we only live 2min away but there seem to be new managers/owners after the refurbishment. The lovely waitress was not there when we went. Smokers kept going in/out causing a cold draft with smell of cigarette smoke. The tables under the mezzanine are just below the floor level. Disgusting to see shoes coming past all the time. Everything can land on your dish. The red wine was served too cold. The food was not good. The starter with buffala mozarella came with a chunk of soggy, tasteless tomato (it was about to go off). The bruschetta was very, very oily. The bill was incorrect with something on it that we never ordered. Very disappointed and upset that our favourite Italian closed for refurbishment and now re-opened but has gone downhill. We will not go back. A real pity, it used to be so nice. 
Belissimo was a 'go to' favourite local restaurant unfortunately the last two visits have been very disappointing and we won't be returning. 
Myself and my mother were in London for a few days and stumbled across this cute little olde worlde pub, we had been travelling all day and wanted to sit with a nice drink and some food, we opted for a pint of lager and a pint of cider, the cider was bitter and the lines clearly hadn't be cleaned properly in a while as I had the most horrendous upset stomach afterwards! We both wanted the ham egg and chips but were told Sunday's aren't a good day for food as the delivery comes Monday and they had barely anything left. We ended up with two lasagne's, my mother's came out with chips, garlic bread and salad, mine came with chips and nothing else! They did bring me some "garlic bread" but it was more like they had warmed a piece of bread and stuck a crazy amount of garlic butter on it, it hadnt even melted! All this for £33, this seemed rather extortionate given that a group of 4 people beside us had ordered 4 alcoholic drinks and 4 meals and paid £44! Extremely disappointed and ended up ill for the whole evening after! 
Have been here a couple of times on Rugby days - it is very convenient for the station and the ground. The food has been mediocre to poor on both occasions with underwhelming service as well as a limited menu. They inflate the prices quite significantly as it is a "fill your boots" opportunity with the rugby crowd. If the food or service was of any decent quality I could live with it - instead it was an expensive disappointment. 
We are very disappointed with this hotel. The staff seemed more concerned abiout chatting amongst themselves. When we questioned the making of a cocktail, we were basically told 'that;s how we make it.' I make this dring regularly at home and is was not done right. The beer was poor quality - no rings on the glass as it is consumed - yes 1 am an Aussie and I know my beers! Based on all of this we decided not to have a meal as planned, nor did we visit again. 
Very busy .......... maybe that negates my opinion.  
A very average steak meal with friends. We ordered wine and we couldn't see the bottle or see we actually had been poured the full bottle as it was pre poured into our glasses. This was only made worse by an aggressive waitress who wanted to argue why we didn't want to pay the service charge that was automatically added on, apparently this was not optional. 
I have been to the Goat Pub several times either before or after some works do at the RAH, or, indeed, during whatever it was. Always polite and relatively inexpensive, I would heartily recommend this pub, for exactly what it is. An inexpensive pub. 
My daughter and I decided to use the Deliveroo service and looked at all the various restaurants on the website. Bellissimo had a great selection so we thought we would give it a go. Sadly, after placing the order, we were telephoned to say the item I had selected was not available. We had difficulty understanding the options we were given as the gentleman was clearly having a conversation not only with me but a member of staff. After explaining SEVERAL times I did not want a pizza I went for the same option as my daughter - spinach ravioli. 
My daughter and I visited a week before Chrismas ad when we arrived there were only three tables in use but the takeaway was very busy. Having waited quite a long time to have our orders taken the restaurant had filled and all the tables were in use. Sadly my order was wrong and having explained it was not what I had ordered I was told it was! Eventually my server came over and confirmed that I had in fact ordered something else. Because the business in the takeaway took priority over the restaurant, by the time my meal arrived, my daughter had finished hers. First visit, will be the last. 
My partner and I came here after going to several other Michelin Star restaurants this year including L’Enclume. We were so disappointed with the food that I felt I had to write a review to warn others. The whole experience was like visiting a very nice local restaurant rather than one with 2 Michelin Stars. The chicken and pigeon dishes were just average and the brown bread ice cream dessert was actually quite unpleasant. The tipsy cake was lovely however, but one great dish out of of six is not good enough at this level. All in all, we felt it did not reflect the £350 price tag. The one redeeming factor was that the staff were superb, being non-intrusive but very attentive.  
We went for a quick lunch on a Sunday the small blonde man who served us was so rude, I asked if my discount card would work and he just said No and walked of, as we left the restaurant I handed him the money and he snatched the tray of me and walked of again with  
High Street Kensington is not a place where there is either competition amongst the pubs or keen prices but even so. 
My family and I were flying down to Melbourne from Newcastle, NSW, for the weekend to celebrate my mum’s birthday. As we had only three nights in Melbourne, I was wanting to book for Friday night (the night we were arriving). As the $295 is non refundable for cancellations, we thought it best to wait to book once we actually landed. Luckily we did as our flight was delayed several hours due to weather conditions, and then additional delays at the airport due everyone’s luggage going missing. It was too late in the evening by the time we finally landed and got our luggage for us to go the Friday night, so once we were in the taxi on our way to our hotel, I began to book for the following night. Using the online booking, there was all time slots from 6:45 to 8:00 available. I selected the 6:45 time and got through to entering my card details. I wanted to go back and amend our special requirements. The system took me back to the very beginning. It then said Sat night was completely booked out. I closed out and completely started again. The system still had no bookings available for Sat night. I was SO disappointed and struggling to understand how it was suddenly booked out in a matter of seconds. I phoned through to the Crown casino, hoping there may be some mistake, however was told there was no availability for Sat night. I was gutted. I informed my family. My mum looked on her phone, magically there was all the time slots available!!! 
The layout inside the restaurant is good we were on the table next to the window which is nice , the seafood pasta was okay but the truffle oil chips was a bit soggy,and I think the staff there need more training on customer service need to improve a little bit on meeting and greeting guest. 
I came here for the Sunday Roast dinner on the recommendation of a local. To say it was disappointing is an understatement. It was close to being the worst meal I have ever been served. To management's credit, they refused to charge for the meal and even offered to buy us drinks and dessert as an apology. I am glad they handled it well, and because they did I would give the Goat a second try. This is a small pub where you seat yourself and order at the bar. They bring the food to you. Empty tables were not properly cleaned, and dirty plates were not being timely bused from nearby tables. 
The pizza here is good. We decided to try the restaurant. The main room is very drafty due to the door in regular use. The waitress was disinterested and back of house looked chaotic. We ended up being served by a well meaning south african chef in his whites. The liver was far too large a portion and was badly presented. Veal was dry. Stick to the pizza! 
Customer service was good. There was no specials board and the food was boring. It was like not much effort put into the food. I had a Salmon pasta dish. I was expecting a piece of salmon on top of pasta. Some how the salmon was in the dish in the sauce. It weren't what I was expecting. Would I come here again no. Walked in happy walked out down.  
On sunday 26th, I visited Prezzo in Wembley park, London. By walking in no one smiled, while ordering the main courses no one offered any starters, salads etc. No one also offered additional drink like water. None of the stuff did the check back. One of the waitress had gum in her mouth for the whole time I was there which looks unpropiete. Ive complained this to the manager, from the beggining she was rude and not willing to solve the issue. She said she is not able to conrol all of her stuff and that she doesnt have the contol over the reustarant. I did not hear an aplogy from the manager when Ive asked her to do something with my bill. She came back with a new bill that had a new discount put on which meant Ive only got 3 pounds off my actual bill. I was not satsfied with what she did. Ive said im paying for the food and for the service she said that Im only paying for the food, she said she wont do anything else being still really rude and making me feel unwelcomed in Prezzo. After this she took my bill of the table and said " Hope you never come back", which shocked me as in any other reustartants I never heard a manger speak to me in this maner.From my experience I know this is not the standard Prezzo delivers. The food was good , service was not delivered at all. 
After the pleasant lunch at Ke Sushi we needed a shot of caffeine in the guise of an espresso. Just across the road we saw this one that according to TA should be “Numero Uno” in Twickenham. I must say I always get a bit suspicious when I see a clichéd title above the door. From the outside it looks more like a squat than the intended, I guess Shabby Chic. Plenty of shabby but I couldn’t see anything chic! Once inside, the impression was run down and grubby with peeling paint above us and dusty undressed brick walls and a distinct musty smell. We ordered 2 espressos that although reasonable were served in large cups and in my case, on my first mouthful I detected a milk flavour which I assume means the cup might not have been washed properly. I very much doubt returning! 
Called in here for something to eat before visiting the SSE arena for a show. 
Nice surroundings, didn’t book and got a table quickly. Ordered food and a bottle of wine. The waitress left with our order but within a minute we spotted a bottle of wine we would rather have had (which was more expensive I might add) We immediately were able to catch the waitress and asked to change our wine order, only to be told that we couldn’t as it was “in the system”. To add insult to injury she appeared a couple of minutes with our original choice of wine, which was still unopened, and presented it to us for our approval. Again we asked to change it but received the same “it’s in the system’ response. Don’t understand why we couldn’t change it, and in retrospect we perhaps should have refused it when it was presented to us, but we really didn’t want to make a fuss. 
Definitely not Michelin star worthy. Slow unattentive service. Huge gaps between courses. Continually asking for water top ups. The food was OK, seriously lacking veggie / vegan / pescatarian options. The steaks were the only thing 'normal' on the main course list and mine was more than "a little marvelled" it was mostly grizzle and fat. Interesting concept, poorly executed and I've had better service at a Pret-a-Manger. They also did NOTHING for my partner's bday despite informing then in advance and several times during the meal.  
I went to this outlet before a match at Wembley, as to be expected the place was very busy so the service wasn't great. Waited around 1 hour 10 mins for the main course, I had the carbonara and my son had the bolognaise. I have eaten at Prezzo many many times and have never been served a supermarket ready meal before but that's what it was. The mains were around £11 each but I think £3-4 each would have been fairer to cover the cost of heating the ready meal. Very very poor, I will go back to Prezzo probably but not to this outlet - it's a shambles. 
I’m usually a review shy person, so I only do it when the service was amazing or very poor. This time I have to share with you a review of a very poor dining experience at PREZZO Wembley. Happen to be I am PREZZO lover and I have visited that particular restaurant a few weeks ago. Confidence of staff and management made me come back there last Tuesday 25th July and it was a big mistake… 
Never been to a Prezzo before but the menu impressed us.  
Only a month after enjoying a meal here and giving the Pub a good review we revisited for another Pub Grub Experience two days ago.......our second visit was a mistake for in the space of a month, standards and most everything you would expect from an English Pub Experience have degraded substantially. Basic items on the Menu (including chips !) not being available, overcooked food and small portions but worst of all... the most filthy, smelly and unhygienic toilets, both Male and Female, that you would ever encounter....in the month between our visits you would swear that they hadn't been cleaned. 
As a few other reviews have pointed out dinner comes across as underwhelming. Firstly one does expect some theatrics when dining at a Heston, even if on a far smaller scale than his other restaurants but to be served simply simple food, like a steak and chips is quite confusing and then be charged Michelin prices even more so. 
Every single basic requirement of a restaurant was violated. My table was dirty, unwashed cutlery, it took forever to get served and they even forgot to bring us drinks. 
The pub was not very crowded, but as soon as we approached the bar, the bartender said "you can stay there, but we'll be putting the dirty glasses and plates there." We moved over to another spot, which turned out to also be space that the staff used because a waiter reached across the bar with his arm too close for comfort. I had to lean back to avoid him. He made no attempt to excuse himself and acted like I was in his way. 
The starters we were served here were almost laughable; the King Prawns looked and tasted as though the chef had emptied a tin of tomatoes into a bowl and thrown a couple of precooked prawns in. The truffle tortelli was even worse! I could have made a better dish using a pack of tortellini from the shops and mixing it with some peas. And to charge £6.39 for each was the punch line. 
Visited in December - not great, refelected in a previous review. I was sent an email for a birthday"gift" of a bottle of prosecco, so as we were staying in Wembley we went on a Thursday evening for dinner. We ordered a sharing starter, main courses - Italian burgers and the special belly pork, this was before 8pm and I was told the special was sold out- the restaurant was not at all busy. Food was Ok, when we were given the bill I had a voucher for 40% off main courses but was told that I had used a voucher for the prosecco so couldn't use the 40% off, so the birthday "gift" was not really a gift. Second disappointing visit = improvements needed. 
If you only drink soft drinks and water your not welcome as they like to sell the beer and wine to make their money. We were with Christians that don't drink and we were treated differently to those around us that were drinking. It's a buffet order and we felt as we weren't drinking we were not asked to reorder food we had to ask, where as the two tables around us were asked at least 6 times as they ordered drinks each time, will not go back. On a plus side the food we did have was nice.  
We arrived at 10 past 5, the restaurant was busy but we were seated quickly. We ordered our drinks, starters and 3 main courses at 5.25 the drinks came soon enough but then - nothing!!As the place was so busy we were happy to wait but an hour!! We told a waiter we were still waiting for our food who then passed on the message to the kitchen we were told " A minute and a half for your food" obviously the time it takes to warm mozzarella and throw it and some antipasto on a plate. As soon as we finished, our plates were whisked away and Abracadabra our main courses were there. After waiting over an hour for lukewarm cheese and bland pasta and not a single word of apology, they couldn't get us out quick enough though my partner enjoyed his risotto and Daughter liked her pizza. Would not go back, even if using reward vouchers. 
The restaurant is very nice inside, with very good and attentive service. However the food was really average and I don't understand the rave reviews.  
Called in for tea while waiting for the Arena to open and decided on the festive offer of two courses on a glass of proseco for £19.95 waitress was prompt and took our order within 5 minutes of us sitting down.Started to get a little concerned when the couple next to us were served their meal even though they had ordered it 10 mins after us.10 mins later the waitress returned and I enquired as to the whereabouts of our starters especially as the couple at the next table had now completed their meal so off she went to check, two minutes later another waitress arrived with our main course only for the first waitress to stop her in her tracks informing her we were still waiting for our starters and tried to usher her away but we decided that since the main course was cooked and available we would have that and to forget the starter , she then amazingly offered us a free desert even though as we pointed out we had already paid for two courses and if we had wanted a desert we would have chosen it as one of our two courses but we would expect our lack of two courses would be reflected on the Bill, then amazingly she returned with our starters and attempted to squeeze them on to the table we obviously told her to remove them as we had now started our main course.But when the bill came they salvaged some respect by deducting 35% off the total which meant it came to just over what the two mains would have been and I have to say the Pizza was exceptional  
Went in with a group of 4 friends. We had to ask for our order to be taken 15 mins after being seated. Food arrived quickly and was nice but called to the waiter three times to order more drinks, he looked at us but walked off. We eventually gave up on the drinks and asked another waiter for a dessert menu but then waited 20 mins for order to be taken so gave up on that too and asked for the bill...waiter then rolled his eyes at us and muttered something under his breath. Felt like we were a massive inconvenience to his working day! It wasn't even busy in the restaurant! Rude and arrogant individual! Would never go back or recommend! Plenty other nice places nearby that I'd rather give my money to!  
Early morning staff were very nice and brought our coffees out to the balcony when they were ready. We later returned after meeting up with our spouses for a pre- events drink together, hopefully sharing a bottle of Prosecco, only to be told we could not have unless we ordered food! i asked if we could sit on the sofas so as not to take up a dining table but we were refused. We left the premises to search for somewhere else. 
We visited Prezzo before the cinema last week. When we arrived there were only maybe 3 tables full and were met by friendly staff. Two guests ordered seabass which came out rubbery and well overcooked and we asked for it to go back to the kitchen. As we were rushing for the cinema we thought a steak would be the quickest thing to put on the grill and cook. What we got was a side plate handed to each person with four or five strips of so called steak and nothing else on the plate.... we actually thought it was a joke. When we asked for the bill we questioned who we thought may have been the manager and the explanation we got was that the waitress was under pressure and when we asked for steak she didn't tell us there was no steak on the menu only strips of steak they used for pizzas and so thats what they served us!! They were good enough not to charge us for those two meals but surely all staff should know exactly what is on the menu and if they don't they should ask and deal with it. I've been to prezzo a good few times before but this was a real let down and I would think twice about going back. 
Attending a concert at Wembley Stadium we headed over for a pre-concert meal. The restaurant was very busy and we had to queue for half an hour. We should have realised this meant the kitchen was under a lot of pressure and therefore, on this occasion, the meal was hugely disappointing. Although we were served quickly, the pizzas were cold and the fries tasteless. We ate it as we were all very hungry and short on time. 3 pizzas and 4 drinks = £70, really poor value. Friendly waitress despite the fact she was rushed off her feet. 
I went to Prezzo last night for a quick bite after work. The setting was lovely and the waitresses polite and attentive. When it came to the food we had a bit of a disappointment. We ordered the calamari with pesto as a starter and indeed, as previously mentioned, it was tasteless and most likely frozen. The dip had no taste of pesto but just simple Mayo. For mains my husband ordered a calzone and I ordered the mushroom risotto. To our surprise the waitress brought us a plate of mushroom penne, even though my husband had confirmed the order and clearly corrected the waitress that the order was the risotto. I notified the waitress about the mistake and she was apologetic and took the meal from the table straight away. To my surprise, after about 5 minutes she came back with what looked like a rice soup - it was just hard not cooked rice swimming in a plate of sauce with mushroom. My husband even joked that it looked like baby's food! It was tasteless and the rice was not properly cooked. To avoid even more disappointment we didn't mention anything, paid the bill and left. In spite of that, I must say that the calzone my husband had was delicious so stick to their pizzas and calzones and they seem to be a safer choice. 
Asked to book a table for 4 people for 7pm on New Years Eve. Rang them at lunchtime the previous day - i.e 30th December. 
We chose this pub as it markets itself as ideal for pre or post Albert hall drinks/food on their website. However they seemed completely surprised by the amount of people coming in for lunch on the day of a concert and were completely unprepared. 
Interesting. Family meal out in a quiet Prezzo. After being seated, time passed slowly..... 10 minutes until drinks order taken..... a further 15 minutes for food to be ordered.... Food arrived (starters and main course together!) I was advised that this was because the kitchen was busy..... Asked for bill which took a further 10 minutes to arrive. Terrible service in Prezzo  
We ate here on 10th July 2015 just before seeing Ed Sheeran. The staff were friendly and gave us a table straight away as we had booked a table but the portion sizes were tiny for the price being offered. However, they have given us £30 credit towards our next meal but unfortunately it did ruin our night slightly and we had to buy extra food once inside Wembley Stadium! 
We visited the retsuarant on a slow to medium Wednesday evening. In the past we have been regular visitors to the Beijing and always found it to be a pleasant experience and good value. 
Nice looking venue (London Design Outlet, Wembley branch) but the staff left their brand new waitress to serve our 7 people table for my birthday which was unfair to her and us as customers. The food, bread and fake bellini was just terrible I cannot say anything good about it. They also got the bill wrong and the manager did not want to take responsibility. 
We visited for dinner this evening and the restaurant itself is lovely and the staff were friendly and attentive. Being lactose intolerant I was really disappointed that both of my meals came smothered in Parmesan when there was no mention of that on the menu. Even if that wasn't a problem, my food was so oily it was barely edible. Overall it was quite nice as a location but the food just wasn't to my taste. 
We came here on Sunday 10th June to have lunch before an event. There was a long queue. We saw that there were a few empty tables but not being used. We were eventually shown to a table, ordered drinks and food. Drinks came but food took a long time. It turned out our food was served to a different table. We weren't impressed with this. Bearing in mind that most of the diners were going to the same event and we didn't have much time left. The manager and staff seemed overwhelmed. 
We were attracted by the old world charm entrance. But that's were it stopped. The food price, portioning and quality was not upto scratch. The Fish & Chips was soaking in oil, more batter than fish. Order at the bar, but had to wait along time to be served. 
The place was packed. Three employees trying to handle way more people than 5 could handle. The owner should take a lesson in customer svc. Or just screw the tourists. 
The staff were very polite and friendly. The food was bland and tasteless. My spagetti with chilli king prawns was the worst I’ve ever eaten - finally found the FIVE small prawns hidden in the spaghetti. Watched a waiter wipe the food debris from a table straight onto the floor. Right outside the toilets was a large bin overflowing with food emptied from plates. Request at foot of bill to leave a review on Tripadvisor - be careful what you wish for. 
Booked a table here for lunch before heading onto the rugby at Twickenham stadium. The only menu we were presented was the “Match day Rugby menu” which was a £45 set 3 course meal. Add the £8 gratuity per head then drinks and it starts to turn into a very expensive option for lunch. It wouldn’t have been so bad if the quality of the food justified the cost but the unfortunately it didn’t.  
Lovely warm welcome. Staff are friendly an accommodating. Wasn’t particularly packed for a Saturday evening. What let it down was the quality of the food and the prices. Bruschetta was served soaked in garlic and oil. Difficult to eat and garlic overpowered the tomatoes as well as ruined the taste for all other courses to follow. The seafood risotto can only be described as tasteless with parts of it seemingly felt reheated. As for the ragu pasta, ragu usually melts in your mouth from the slow cooking process. This meat was in hard chunks and very difficult to chew. We felt let down by the new styleValentino’s and much preferred the food and prices for the previous Bellissimos 
Have been here a few times. Food was always very good. But was very disappointed this time. I ordered the Calves liver. It was very chewy. Also the toilets were in a very poor condition. Unfortunately won’t be re visiting If the toilets are bad , doesn’t say much for the cleanliness of the kitchen 
Stayed in Kensington and saw that Goat Tavern is the oldest pub in Kensington, so we decided to try it. Ordered and paid for our drinks and food at the bar. Somehow, the 2 tables near us that arrived and ordered after us (also fish&chips and other entrees) were able to receive their food before us. We kept following-up with the bartender and the chef that kept running up/down the stairs to the kitchen. We waited about an hour for our food to be served. 
chose food from Beiijing online menu and calculated cost as advertised. 
We have been eating here for years but last night we had a terrible experience. I had booked a table for 6.30pm and it was for my mum as this was the first time she had been out of the house in 6 months after suffering a terrible fall and was still on crutches. Anyway, my husband pulled up outside the restaurant so that I could help my mum get out the car and make her way into the restaurant. We arrived to be greeted by a grumpy waitress who told me that I was late and that our table had been given away and the only table available was near the door and bar area. I looked at my watch and advised her that we were only 2 minutes late and was told "I don't know, that is what I was told!". Anyway not wanting to create a fuss in front of my mum, especially after singing the praises of the restaurant on the car journey there, I helped her sit down. Absolutely no assistance was forthcoming from staff and no one asked if we needed anything to help my mum be more comfortable. I am really upset as only the previous week I had eaten at the restaurant with friends from work and had spent some time speaking with the same waitress about her family in Malaysia. We eat here lots and she didn't even acknowledge me ! She managed to speak nicely to other guests and am not sure why we were being singled out. The food was good as usual. However, after the starters the same waitress insisted we finish the last chicken satay before our mains were served. We laughed it off and divided it amongst ourselves but felt really awful. It was not as if we had wasted a lot of food but were made to feel really small as if we had. The rest of the meal was pretty sedate - what was meant to be a special occasion was one we just wanted to be over. Our bill was brought over pretty sharpish - we didn't ask for it. I did ask my husband not to include a tip but he did anyway which he received zero thanks for. My husband and son went to bring the car round whilst my mum went to the toilet. I was collecting our handbags and saw her struggling to open the doors to get to the toilet. Two members of staff were standing close by and did nothing to help her. I rushed over to help her and again when she came out. In fact a lovely guest held the door for my mum whilst he was coming out of the toilet. 
We have been in Pinner branch twice. The first time we had a good impression as the waitress (a romanian girl) was so lovely and really helpful advising and giving recommendations, very good service indeed, she was great ... that day, I was with my baby only but then, my husband joined me and he was please also with the good service and nice food although the portions are small considering the price. 
Food was very tasty but just not enough of it. The starters had ribs, 2 each both half the size of my little finger. Must have been hamster ribs! 1 triangle of prawn toast. 
6 of us visted for lunch. We should have thought twice when we heard 2 people complaining about the food before we ordered but we went ahead anyway. 2 of us had ordered pies & when they arrived they were both cold in the middle, not even tepid or lukewarm but actually cold. I returned them straight away and advised, politely, of the problem. The plate was virtually grabbed from my grasp & the disgruntled barman mumbled something at me & wandered off with the plates, I took this to mean that something would be done. About 15 minutes later the food re-appeared and money was thrust at me which I took to mean was a refund, again there was no explanation forthcoming except an unintelligible mumble. 
In Kensington,nice setting but comparing to other places,food was of poor quality,fish and chips average,more for tourists I guess than for connoisseurs... 
four of us went on a weekend and quite uniquely we all had outrageously bad meals. cold starters smelly fish main courses. 
Only Pub between kensington High street and the royal albert hall, Typical Taylor walker pub, Dark and dingy in a major need of refurbishment ,  
THIS WAS MY SECOND VISIT TO THIS RESTAURANT. THINKING THAT £16.50 for a two course sunday lunch was pretty reasonable - think again.The first course was fine but when it came to the main course that was another matter. As I had liver on my last visit which was not good I decided on the lamb steak. It was served swimming in gravy so I asked if they could re serve with the gravy on the side. I noticed that all my friends various dishes were also swimming in gravy UGH. when it was re served it was obvious it had been reheated as the yorkshire was shrivelled and burnt and no gravy on side, What can i say - it was not very good. We did not have desert but ordered various teas and coffees. I asked for a lemon tea and was given a pot of water with a slice of lemon. Obviously had no idea what a lemon tea was. The £16.50 TWO COURSE LUNCH ENDED UP £27.,50 which is very expensive 
Fairly inoffensive.  
The food here was good, so it came as a shock to experience such horrendous service by the restaurant's Assistant Manager. The service staff were pleasant (although they could have relaxed a bit) and the food delicious, but upon a tiny error on payment the service took a very quick, very sharp turn south. We were there on a special occasion and the minute it came to money (and some confusion that had been created by the reservation staff and their lack of clarity, based on a gift certificate we'd received as a wedding present) the service became disingenuous, fake and the utter opposite of a luxury, esteemed establishment. The food was great, but you can get equally delicious food with relaxed, charming and professional service at many other places. I wrote some feedback directly to the manager and received no response - this exemplifies how little they care about service. 
Mixed up the order. Long wait. Chicken and red fish wasn't special. Not a great atmosphere. Expensive for what they offer.  
We’ve been eating here regularly for the past couple of years and seen it slowly going downhill. Last night will be our last visit. The place was like a furnace with fan heater blasting out directly behind us. The guys standing around the kitchen could see we were struggling but totally ignored us.  
The grilled meat had this awful gas smell/infusion. I could not enjoy my meal as a result. It's strange because I've had mediocre meals here before but this was awful and I won't be returning as a result. 
Cold food. Small portions. Average meet. Expensive. Took ages and manager only response ‘so what do you want me to do about it!’ - class. 
When I think of Heston Blumenthal, the words unique, creative, quality, experimental, fun and exciting spring to mind. Sadly his restaurant didn’t really live up to these words. 
The food is average for the price. We went there in the evening and we were very rushed. As soon as we put our folks and knifes down the waiter came immediately to get our plates. At one point, my husband was eating and finishing his last bite and the waiter just grab his plate before he could say anything. I generally like to take a break between for 5-10mins but at yaprak they just don't give you time to breath. We paid £120 between 4 ppl and we were only there for 80mins. 
So excited to taste the food here having seen all the great hype online. 
I’ve been a few times here in the last 3 years and what I love of this place is the atmosphere. Modern, spacious and bright. 
Although the food was good, it's difficult to give a more full review of what I was given, since when asking what was in a particular sauce, the waiter was evasive and avoided telling me the ingredients... glad i wasn't allergic to anything in it. 
My partner is Spanish and we’ve tried several Spanish restaurants in the area. We both agreed the food was awful, probably the worst we have ever been to. Bland and tasted microwaved, not fresh at all. We tried their Selsdon branch too and it was equally bad. Surprisingly busy considering it’s not great, and so loud In there too. Finally the waiter was pretty grumpy and basically told us we had ordered too much food for our table so prevented us from ordering more rather than seating us at a larger table initially or encouraging us to save the order for later. It’s like it was an inconvenience we had ordered so much... 
Visited with friends, service terrible waitress couldnt understand english abd got order wrong, breaks all covid tier 2 rules, groups just in for drinks no food not from same household no social distancing authorities need to check this place out 
Ordered a takeaway from the website at 7:10 and paid on line. Received a text back to say it would be 2 hours for delivery. Tried to ring the restaurant and the numbers were either constantly engaged or rang out. Over a 130 times I tried. When the food eventually arrived (exactly 2 hours to the minute!) it tasted lovely but not knowing how long it’s going to take until after the order is placed and then having no way to cancel the order is awful. Great food. Rubbish service. 
Not enough Social Distancing Measures - won’t be back until this is addressed. Visited on a Saturday night so knew it would be busy but even with some tables removed, this restaurant had too many tables and there was not enough space in between them. Food was ok. Came out very quickly when we did eventually order and most of it was decent. Beef skewer ordered medium, came out rare. Spicy mushrooms were swimming in oil. This place used to be so good but unfortunately since the refurb is very very noisy and service is inconsistent.  
Went for dinner and after 1 hour all we had been served was drinks and bread. The restaurant staff were running around like headless chickens so they were clearly busy - but management needs to address the problems as the food standard has deteriorated. Lots of dishes seemed to be swimming in lots of unnecessary oil.  
Went here with friends. Thought the food was well below par. Had king prawns for starter 3 small to median in garlic butter. Asked for bread to soak up the butter only to be told I could only have a plate of bread and olives 3.50. The prawns were 9.50, don’t mind that at all. But not for these overlooked nasty things.  
Most of the food wasn’t fresh and you could tell it was warmed up in a microwave! Two out of the six dishes were fresh. Not what you expect for £60 worth of tapas! 
I came to Purley to eat here with my 92 year old mother who paid the bill using her credit card. When her bill arrived she had been charged twice. I came back and went in to try and sort it out expecting just to be refunded immediately. Instead I was left hanging around and then told to come back after 6pm which is very convenient. So disappointed that such a Purley institution treats its regulars so poorly. 
We went to this very well established restaurant for Dinner last night and was extremely disappointed .The quality of the food seeme to be the main issue as my piri piri prawn starter had tasteless prawns which appeared to have been placed in a sauce immediately prior to service . The meat quality of the main courses was poor , my venison too tough to cut . My friends T Bone Steak and his wife's veal were also very also tough in texture . At no time were we asked if all was to our satisfaction - which it most certainly was not. I could not eat the most of the venison and when I spoke to the waiter he said can I get you something else but by this time it was too late . There are many other restaurants in the locality where for the same money an excellent dining experience can be obtained. The icing on the cake was knowing my dissatisfaction the waiter said he had only charged for half the venison price.  
I have been told by so many people that Sea Pebbles in Hatch End, Harrow, was a great place for fish and chips, both in their restaurant and take away produce. I had been looking forward to my meal as I don't often have fish and chips but what a disappointment. It was so overcooked and dry, not at all what I was expecting. We had one piece of cod, one piece of haddock and a piece of skate, a large and regular chips and a portion of mushy peas which came to over £24! Not cheap, but what is these days? All the fish had been overcooked, the skate being the worst where there was hardly any soft fish at all and loads of batter. It has definitely put me off buying from this place again, I shall just make it at home and for half the price! 
Recently stopped here out of the blue. In all truth the only reason I stopped was because of the name, I like Simon and Garfunkel. Anyways this was one of the worst meals I ever had. The interior is ok, family restaurant style. The service was fine. Had some nachos and cottage pie. The nachos lacked in toppings greatly. Had to search for cheese. Chips were greasy. Also had cottage pie, a rather simple meal. Basically got a dish about three quarters full of mashed potatoes and some gravy in the bottom. Ate about half to a third of the dish and literally had one small, small piece of beef, a couple pieces of carrot and peas. Gave up at that point. Not much of a deal for the client at £12.5 but great for the restaurant. I will never return, recommend or go to another restaurant because of the name. 
Sad to say you should take notice of all the bad reviews.  
Me and my wife came here for our 1 year anniversary. The restaurant was big and impersonal, and we were seated next to a service station. For a two star restaurant I would expect them not to cram a table in so close to a waiter station.  
Sadly this place has not moved with the times. The menu is dated and too extensive for the food to be fresh. Come on Old Etonian get your act together, offer organic locally sourced produce with far few choices and you could have a thriving business if you judge it right, i.e. between cafe-cafe and Incanto. The experience is dull and uninteresting and we will not visit again until it makes an effort and stops trading on it's past glory. 
We've been lured into this Garfunkel's by its location near our hotel and the somehow bold advertisement "best fish and chips in London". 
After previously eating at Garfunkel’s we thought we would enjoy a meal yesterday.  
Not a great place, service below par and the breakfast was well below average. It has the potential to be so much more but sadly, this is not the case. 
This was a return visit after possibly 30 years!! Our friends had been recently and enjoyed their meal so we went 6 handed. This was a good thing as there were only 5 other diners, as we left another 2 had just turned up. It was mediocre experience, primarily because the service was so poor, the bill, which was quite excessive, was not set out so that it could not be checked. Everything was clumped together, so without an inquisition verification would have proved difficult. The food was average. The main courses were tepid as were the plates on which they were served. The vegetables that were served were not the ones that we had ordered and those plates were stone cold. The waiter even had difficulty in taking a simple coffee order. The whole evening bordered on incompetence. There are so many other good local restaurants I can think of no reason to recommend The Old Etonian. 
I have eaten in M Bar once before, on a mid week evening and it was fine. On this basis I decided to book a table prior to a rugby match at Twickenham, and as I assumed tables would be booked up early I made my reservation in September (3 months ahead). 
The Old Etonian is a long standing feature of Harrow Hill and like most monuments it is looking and feeling its age. The menu is outdated and uninspiring, the service creaks badly particularly when the place is over half full, and the price is acceptable on the fixed menu but way over the odds for a la carte. The dessert trolley may be intended as a post modern smile at the ways of yesteryear but i suspect exists purely because it has always been there (as had one or two of the deserts by appearance. 
I went to the m bar for a few drinks for the 2nd time and the place had a very nice atmosphere compared to my last visit when it was empty. 
The decor is impressive, sadly more impressive than the food. Could be a great restaurant but always seems understaffed and as a result the food suffers. 
Came here when the restaurant first opened before it even had 1 star and remember having to send the food back, this was many years ago, my fiancé has never been so we decided to come here after work, I hoped it would be better since it gained 2 stars since my last visit. Meat fruit is a novelty, I like the design, fair enough for creativity, it deserves some accolade. Mains turned up 1hr and 10mins later and only after we asked after them, the waiters tried to blame my fiancé who went to the loo after the long wait, he was gone for about 5mins...food came and it was COLD to make it worse we complained and disgusting that such a place actually blamed the food being cold because my fiancé went to the bloody loo!! Can’t get over this, they replaced the food but still charged us for it, the chicken was horrible and massively under seasoned, tasted worse than Bernard Mathews, they offered a free desert even though we specifically only wanted one, I’m so appalled with this place, please go take a look at some of your 2 and even 1 star counterparts, I’ve had better meals at Macdonalds, don’t waste your time. 
We love sea food and sadly the closure of the Cote D'Azur in South Croydon led us to revisit the recently refurbished Las Fuentes in Purley. 
Booked into M bar for lunch before rugby game a Twickenham. Staff and service superb...food, my medallions of steak at £19 were no bigger than 2 table spoons of meat...ridiculous to even try and palm that off as a meal. We didn't create a fuss as we were out to enjoy ourselves..waitress was brilliant but size of portions and prices charged says a lot about the emphasis being on maximising profit..shame as year before we gorged on tomahawk steaks for same price.. 
We were really looking forward to Dinner for my daughter's 18th birthday which I had booked months in advance. The good news was that I received a phone call a week before to discuss my garlic allergy. However, it was also to explain that my menu choices would be "Very limited " (emphasised) because everything was cooked/ marinated in garlic and all the sauces etc contained garlic. I asked if the menus could be adapted or could I choose my menu in advance and the member of staff explained that the chefs stick rigidly to the recipe. She did say the waiters would help on the night but my options would be VERY (emphasised again) limited. So apparently, even though we can go to our local gastro pub who can cater for me, a highly regarded 2 star restaurant can't really manage. We decided to cancel as we think that is a cop out and I don't want to risk not having much to eat. I don't think people realise how stressful it can be when going out to eat when you have an allergy. Luckily we had a lovely meal elsewhere but it was very disappointing not to be able to go there. I've only ever had this before at restaurants which are prepared beforehand. 
The refurb has helped create all the ambience of a school diner: sprawling & vibeless. The old veneer tables (which were somehow charming in the old establishment) have been reused and now look utterly dreadful!  
We visited Garfunkels as we’re staying overnight & needed dinner. The guy serving was lovely but as soon as we walked in I thought there was a strange smell in there, a bit like a wet dog. My son had the Tower of London burger which was soggy & fell apart & the burger was dreadful & tasted like it had just been defrosted. I had steak & chips which would have been passable if hot but was lukewarm & the steak was full of gristle. We vowed that we would never ever return-a total waste of money. 
went for a quick dinner - just opened 5 days before  
I can't believe that a good restaurant has reopened and can be so bad. 
This was our favourite restaurant and we couldn’t wait for it to reopen. Unfortunately the new decor and layout is cold, soulless and sterile. Gone are the Spanish tiles, warm lighting and cosiness that made you think of balmy evenings in Andalucia. Now it’s just like eating in Pizza Express.. Food was good in parts but the mussels were completely devoid of flavour. I thought there was something wrong with my tastebuds but my husband took a mouthful, looked confused and said ‘these taste of absolutely nothing’. Very odd. Really expensive too - one shared plate to start, three shared next (so two each in total) , a bottle of house red and a beer came to £70 not including tip.  
Breakfast was totally average and does the job. The reason for the bad star rating is the fact outside there's a big sign board that says it's 5.95 with a picture of a full English and once your inside there's nothing on the menu for that price at all. Ended up paying 9 pounds for the breakfast.  
Quite disappointing. The filet was bland and not really cooked that well. Quality of the truffles was poor- tasted very flat- actually no taste. Desserts were not that bad.  
Will start off with the positives - the food was tasty.  
We were greeted alright and had some average food. It was not the best, but it was eateble. After we had recieved our food this large group entered the restaurant. And that was when the service turned really horrible. We wanted to pay, and as one of our cards didn't work we decided to split it in both cash and card. After we chose that the waiter went mad at us, because we had made her service slower. Her face turned really angry and after we paid she slammed the receipt on the table cause she was so angry. Just because she couldn't handle the pressure cause she got interrupted from us because we wanted to pay, then no waiter should do such a thing. Will never go back and will for sure not recommend.  
Friendly and efficient service but I was surprised to pay £11.50 each for 'Old Fashioned" cocktails that are on sale in the West End and City for less. Incidentally based on bar pour costs the profit margin on an Old Fashioned is the highest of any whiskey based cocktail 
Actually was the first meal we got when we arrived and easily the most disappointing. My omelette was barely edible, do not understand the English fascination with lightly grilled tomatoes, the rasher of bacon was tasteless. About the only thing that any one in our group ate that they were satisfied with was pancakes. An indicator of the quality of food was a friend, with a big appetite, who ate three bites of his food and then stopped. Prices are reasonable, place seems to have a relatively full crowd in the evening so it does seem to have some popularity. Perhaps we caught them on a bad morning or we were adjusting to food in the UK, but I cannot say this is as the top of my list for a return visit. 
Very limited menu (especially when one of the items wasn't available). Service was slow and had to ask for side plates for bread and then again for a shared cheese board. Also, quite pricey for Twickenham. 
Don’t like to be mean but was pretty terrible if I’m honest. 
My wife's breakfast had a pot of cold beans on it,min had a cold tomato and the toast must have been in the toaster for 10 seconds.Not impressed 
Called here for a breakfast wish we hadn't bothered, the food was only just warm, the orange juice was that sweet I couldn't drink it, would not recommend this place at all 
Menu very limited - poor choice of starters - mackerel and chicken both very average. 
Sadly I felt all the food we bought here was either mediocre or below. 
I was really disappointed with my experience at Garfunkels for breakfast. I ordered granola Sunday which looked beautiful when it arrived, however there was only two teaspoon sized dollops of yoghurt so it was extremely dry. The waitress asked what was wrong with the food and I explained. I got a extremely rude tone in which she said “that’s just how it comes”. I don’t know how anyone would enjoy it. I wasn’t even going to ask for a refund but the way the waitress spoke to me was very disappointing. 
Sat for almost 15 minutes before having to go and find a waiter , they then got one of our orders incorrect and followed up by getting the bill wrong as well . All in all a very poor experience . Food was good when the correct items finally arrived 
I'm a big Heston fan so it pains me to write this. However, I found the presentation boring and the flavours unexceptional. The staff were great though. In any other restaurant is score it as average but with Heston's reputation and the prices charged it has to be below average. I know it's a different theme but there is no comparison to the fat duck which remains the best restaurant I've ever been to. 
This was the Garfunkel’s at Praed St near Paddington Station. The Staff were helpful enough, but the food was appalling. I had the Garfunkel’s hotdog, which had been totally murdered in a microwave oven. Like Wimpy Bars, Garfunkel’s have had their day. Not what I would call a Trip-advisor recommendation. Absolutely awful. 
I didn't like the experience in this restaurant. Nothing good: the food as well as the service. I suggest you to find other places to taste the "Fish & Chips" in London. 
Dined here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday as we were staying in the hotel.  
Starter was meat fruit...basically chicken liver pate made to look like an orange...why I dont know. Looks clever but tastes just like any pate we have eaten a thousand times. Greasy brioche covered plate and fingers in oil. Asked for a finger bowl to clean the hands but never arrived. Main courses took a very long time to come. Hereford fillet of beef was overcooked (criminal waste of meat), brown all the way through despite being ordered mid rare. Triple cooked chips were also massively overcooked so had just turned into overcrisp shards with no soft inner centre. A very average steak and chips. Dessert was brown bread icecream. Again felt like an attempt to be clever rather than focussing on the taste. As a result it tasted fine but far from delicious and wouldnt order it again. The restaurant doesnt warrant 2 michelin stars by a long stretch. It shouldnt have one even. Service was clunky. Picked up a bottle of water to pour myself a glass and had the waiter jumping over to physically remove the bottle from my hands as i was pouring it so he could take over. Ridiculous and not service at all. All in all...if you are going because you think you will have a great Heston dining experience, dont go. Its a tourist trap trading on its name but doesnt deliver on food, taste or service. If you want a 2 star there are many great real 2 stars in London without the gimmicks and deliver far better food, immaculate service and in much more beautiful settings. I am honestly in shock - lunch today was not a 2 star experience. They dropped the ball massively. If thats the norm, then I will await the imminent departure of their stars. Michelin need to pay another visit.... 
We were staying at the Crown Plaza at Cromwell St Kensington. We thought we would try this restaurant, which was literally just across the road. 
The service was so so' We coulddn't eat our meals. The waitress/waiter never came to check, as they usually do. Coffee I couldn't drink, even with Hot water added. 
We arrived in London and Garfunkel’s was close to our hotel so this was our first time, we had a pleasant evening meal, I had the fish and chips and my daughter had Salmon Pasta both meals were enjoyed. We liked it so much we decided to try out the breakfast the next morning, my daughter had avocado toast which was freezing even the toast. I had pancakes which I struggled to cut with a knife and fork, they certainly were not fresh pancakes. Sadly we never returned such as shame how two visits can be miles apart in service and food, but you can’t forget the bad time! 
Big, wright and busy restaurant. It was kind of a flash back to a typical 80s restaurant in Spain. The Christmas menu was awful and overpriced. I had mushrooms with scallops as starter. It was literally a bunch of cheap frozen tasteless scallops swimming in a pool of olive oil. Traditional turkey was my unfortunate main dish. It was dry, with a bit of artificial gravy. The desserts were good though. I had chocolate and orange cheese cake that was very nice. The service was quick and efficient.  
Night out with friends to try the new place in Twick. The thing they do really well is steak. The rest of it is below par. A starter they call Welsh Rarebit which isn't Welsh Rarebit at all (trade descriptions anyone?). Mushrooms on toast that a 3 year old could have put together. Mac and cheese that needs to grow a pair of balls. I can see this place will make a packet on rugby days (one steak is £100, there's wine at £1000+) but it'll have to do much better to attract the locals.  
This is the second time I have visited this restaurant and its not somewhere I would go again as I've left underwhelmed both times. The decor in the restaurant is very nice, however it is trying to be a fine dining restaurant in terms of price point with little to back this up. The food was very average for the price they are asking, and not one person in our party of 6 enjoyed their meal which suggests a fundamental issue. The staff are friendly but they need to work on what they are trying to achieve, and quickly. 
Ordered fish and chips and avocado toast. Coating of the fish was disguisting. The toasts vere cold! 
Service was very poor. Took 1 and half hours from arriving to food being served. Waiting staff were not interested in customer service at all, they were running around like headless chickens without any care or regard for paying customers' needs. Staff needed to be called over due to a lack of showing an interest in us as customers for basic service expectations such as taking our order and chasing for when the food would be ready. This I would not expect from a quality restaurant. The food itself was mediocre at best, and did not outweigh the poor service. Upon paying the bill, the waiter taking payment made no attempt to even acknowledge the negative experience my friends and I expressed, but instead made excuses rather than offering an apology, again showing the lack of basic customer service a reputable restaurant should be expected to offer. Overall, a disappointing experience and will never be dining here again. 
We chose Garfunkel's as our first meal in London as we were familiar with their fare from a previous trip. Sorry, large disappointment. Not much flavor to the food, and somewhat overpriced for what we got. There are better choices in the Gloucester Arcade--even the Waitrose (grocery store) offered wrapped sandwiches of better quality. On the plus side, the waiter was very friendly and helpful. 
Used to be great food. New staff are disinterested and when asked for something it seemed like too much of a chore! Food was bland: raxo was watery, chorizo too fatty and cold, calamari was like rubber and this was at lunch time with only 5 other tables eating.  
The food is good but the environment reminded me of holiday camp food halls and the tables are almost on top of each other which can feel uncomfortable especially if the table behind are loud 
Visited this place whilst staying in the area for a few days. 
Average fish and chips. Pizza ok by English standards. No service. Never asked about drink refills. Had to wait forever after asking for the check. Nothing worth returning for. 
It wasn't unpleasant, it wasn't good. It was average at best.  
I stay around this area almost weekly so thought I'd be adventurous and try a different restaurant. I ordered chicken caesar. It arrived and looked half descent. The look was deceiving. The chicken breast was plonked on top of the lettuce and hadn't been cut up. The lettuce was soaking wet from being washed which meant the dressing was diluted so much it lost its taste. Not once was I asked if everything was ok but I was asked 3 times if I wanted another beer. I replied no and before I could say anything else the waitress had gone. I'm sure there are good Garfunkel's but going on this experience I won't be encouraged to try them.  
A British menu restaurant service breakfast, lunch and dinner. Good location just by Gloucester Road station. Kids friendly. Service slow even though it was not busy. Food is not waw as most of what we ordered was over cooked dry and mostly burnt . 
This place is loud and brash.  
Visited early April with family for my birthday dinner. The food was good and service ok. I had the fillet rare with veg (as l’m lactose intolerant and allergic to egg, l couldn’t have the chips), as they don’t have a separate menu for those with intolerences, my mum had to advise the staff on suitable replacements. My wife chose the Rump medium to well. Disappointingly it arrived very rare (with no fuss they cremated it for her), as there were six of us eating, I waited until hers was cooked before starting mine, which meant desert was delayed for all of us. Grant they gave me a free dessert. It doesn’t make up for an average experience. 
The batter was gummy. Fish itself okay. Minuscule tartar sauce on the side. About 12 fries, which were decent. Nothing to write home about. Hubs and I both had lemonades and they were awful. 
Service ok, not very friendly if you’re not a usual customer. Overpriced. Food was average, beef filet served was not real filet, stay away from the cooked mains with sauces and mushrooms etc. Will not return  
Called in on the offchance on a Sunday evening after a tiring day in London and this place was situated near our hotel. We got seated immediately but they were obviously understaffed and the couple of waiters were tearing round looking harassed. Our order was very simple - a pasta and a pizza dish. Drinks took a while to come and then we had a wait for the meals. Didn't enjoy my pizza - doughy and bland. My husband's pasta dish was equally unimpressive. We sought out a member of staff to pay. Absolutely no personal service and poor food. 
This my fourth or fifth time to this Resturant and I have never found the food that nice it's always been boring and lacking in flavour not like tapas you have in Spain, but this time I really did enjoy the meal and was surprised. I ordered a rice dish with some spinach and mushrooms. The main problem with this Resturant is, it's always to busy and to loud; which I hate. You cannot have a conversation with the person next to you, without having to raise your voice. The staff are like robots, not friendly and we had to wait along to get the bill!. I asked staff four times, the bill took about 45 minutes to arrive. I would not never eat here again, but I have friends that love it and it is always busy, which they seem to love. The price is Faire, but don't order the hanging meat, it's just steak on a large skewer, which you pay for the theatre of the food not the taste. If you like nice friendly dinning that you could take your whole family out, don't go here, this Resturant is like night club dinning, great if you don't want to talk and full of people.  
The food was very overprized compared to what we got. The food was okay, nothing special, at least not the fish and Chips. The bacon cheese burger was better! But we would not go again. It seemed like it was just a place for tourists, where they will pay too much, because they are tired and hungry (that was ud at least). Find some place else. The service was okay. 
Friendly spoken: Quality not as good as expected (except the lamp which was really good) and clearly overprized. Starter was a burned saganaki without any taste, the second, pork slices, not any better. The lamp was really ok, 2 points for the lamp. Hectic staff, close to unfriendly. 
Visited here as a group of 9 and we have mixed reviews. As the restaurante next door was full we chose to eat here (regrets) The staff initially seemed really friendly, though this is the only compliment I have. 
Went yesterday with my parents, the service was hit and miss, good at first but by the end of the meal we had to go and find the waiting staff to ask for a dessert, drinks and finally the bill. Quality of the food has certainly gone downhill since last time I went here a couple of years ago, the crab stuffed peppers and patatas bravas were Ok, nice and hot, but the chorizo was only luke warm and extremely oily, while neither the sardines or the sole goujons seemed that fresh. Things were not helped by four buffoons coming and having to sit right next to us (apparently we were sat in their usual 'favourite' space, but the restaurant was not even half full when they arrived, so why they had to squeeze in next to us and then talk inane rubbish at the top of their voices that deafened out the music playing in the restaurant rather than find another table only they can know) 
We decided to take the ”Meze” plate, what means that it is a plate to share with diffrent meat and other foods and the price was 26£.  
Having been to this restaurant frequently for over 10 years, imagine the disappointment when a family trip at the weekend has put us off returning.  
Came here for breakfast after a positive experience at another branch of Garfunkels a few years ago. This one however, was a little disappointing. Although reasonably priced, the food was bland with watery scrambled eggs, huge chunks of fried potato and what can only be described as a thimble of baked beans. Service was adequate but the biggest problem was with the customer toilets - the single cubicle in the gents was locked with an out-of-order sign on it. For an eating establishment, this is unacceptable and for this reason I cannot give it more than 2/5. 
Went there Saturday night for a friends birthday. Had their 'Special' chicken skewer. Not impressed. £12 for a bit of chicken. No peppers, onions or mushrooms with it. Plain boring chicken with an awful salad. My local kebab is much better! Friends had various tapas dishes which we equally boring. We sent a couple of dishes back as were tasteless. Used to go to this restaurant frequently. Wont be returning. 
As a local I am really pleased to see the recent additions and think its important to support small businesses. I want the Emporium to thrive but have not had good experiences on the 5 or 6 occasions that I've been. Not sure why I keep going but, as I say, I think its really important to support local businesses and I would love to have a gem at the top of the road to visit.  
There are much better restaurants in the area with the same food - too pricey, specially the daily specials. Not worth it. The place is very unique though. 
My son saw the advitise and told me the restaurant is famous for the best fish and chips in London.The portion is huge but very oily. Even my teenage son cannot finish them. Now he is very sick of all fish and chips :( 
Just back from a 3 day visit to London. Went for breakfast in here. 1st day scrambled eggs cold, the rest just passable, sent back. 2nd day decided that maybe it was a one off but no, this time both eggs & beans were cold, sent back again. 3rd day- SURELY 3rd time lucky, it was the same waiter as the day before and I said make sure it's warm this time!!!! Scrambled eggs were only lukewarm but it was at that stage of just eat it and move on. Also the tea is not hot either.... the breakfast was actually nice when hot. 
Confused waitressing staff, smalll kids portions and brown salad! The kids colouring packs were fab though.  
We walked into the Halepi at 6:35 PM, with a reservation, and were seated with the apparent warning that they need the table by 8:00. I’ve never been greeted at a restaurant so inappropriately. 
Visited this restaurant with a large group on Friday evening. I've been here several times in the past, but the first time on a weekend.  
Having phoned for a reservation on a Saturday night in the tapas section of the restaurant, I was told that the only reservations that could be booked were in the restaurant. To ensure a table I then booked a table in the restaurant. Upon arriving at the restaurant at 7:45, all tables in the tapas section were taken and there were many customers waiting at the bar. We were shown to our table in the 'restaurant' section which abutted, without any distinction from the tapas section. The noise in the whole place was to a pitch where you had to lean across the table to hear anything being said and the volume overall was unbelievable. The two waiters we had were courteous and delivery of the food was not slow and it was quite obvious that speed was the ultimate aim in order to replace diners by those at the bar waiting for a table. To this extent, I assume it was the restaurant owner, an older person dressed in jeans while the waiters had a dress code, who was serving at tables also in the restaurant section to a party of several people and it was obvious that fast turn round was the order of day. His delivery of food took my guests on our table by surprise and when he collected the emptied plates these were scooped up at such speed that he managed to drop a couple on the floor and the expletives that were heard were a complete disgrace. He started cleaning up the mess himself and waved away someone who produced a mop. All this was in front of diners hoping to enjoy their food. 
Ordered a burger and Fish n Chips. The burger patty was tough as leather - so much for a gourmet burger. The fish n chips were better but very oily. Not a standout meal by any means. Service was very average and finding the bathroom was an experience in itself! 
i have been here many times, we went on a tuesday 8pm very busy ... nice atmosphere ... always liked the food here ... usually order the same dishes ... ordered 5 dishes, all tasted pre made and re heated the aubergine was rubbery and stale, the chorizo and egg, over cooked hard ... exploding egg. (smacks of reheating) cheap wine (15.00) horrid ... poor service even though you could fall over the waiters .... don't think i will go back ... shame for a nice local restaurant to go down hill ! 
Went to this restaurant last night after a concert as it was near to our hotel. It was quite late but restaurant was still busy with a few people waiting for a table ... once seated we were greeted only by a menu being chucked on the table. When the waiter came back eventually, he took our drinks order ... he was obviously very busy but still could have mustered up a smile or a friendly hello. We had some hot bread put on the table and another waiter took out food order.. we ordered a starter and a 
My husband and I planned to try out Herons this lunchtime (Tuesday). However, it was closed despite the website stating it is only closed on Mondays. We went to the White Horse instead where we had a very good meal. 
It's a shame that this isn't the greatest review as I really wanted Herons to be fantastic and had high hopes from previous reviews. That said, other first hand comments I'd heard were also less than glowing. 
Average place to have breakfast, lunch or some snack. 
Went here for dinner last night after a mid afternoon show at the RAH...,seated really quickly and drinks order taken, three of us and we all ordered starters, 2 came out and we had to ask where the 3rd was... Had to wait another 5 mins and were told it had gone through as a side... The person drying your cutlery could not have been anymore noisier too, dropping the cutlery into the drawers does not make for a relaxing ambience.....starter of Chicken wings not that good and not sure what sauce it was supposed to have been but was just like water. 
My husband took me for lunch on Saturday - we had a few plates of tapas with a glass of wine, the meal was delicious but the service was really poor - we had to gain the waiters attention for everything - there was no waiter in evidence most of the time so you needed to grab one when they were there! we'd probably still be there now waiting for drinks, service and the bill if my husband hadn't kept asking... I doubt we will return because there are so many wonderful restaurants out there who give excellent service. Shame. 
Had breakfast here on Friday morning. After a couple of minutes we were shown to our table. After 10 minutes our order was taken. We waited for about another 10 minute's for our tea to be to served then about another 20 minute's for our food. The food was warm not hot. I had a big breakfast which was a decent size but my wife had poached egg on toast which was 2 small eggs on a small piece of toast. Overall very disappointed and will not be going back. The only plus was the staff were really professional and friendly.  
The reason for my poor rating is unfortunately down to service! I visited last night with my parents and couldn't fault the food which was to a very high standard. However, my father indicated to the waiter on arrival roughly where we wanted to sit which turned out to be the A la Carte dining area rather than for Tapas which we required. The manager had to be called over by one of the waiters to see if tapas could be served here, he muttered something about "might as well stay here" after I offered to move tables realising the mistake but he was extremely cold & unfriendly. The waiters then constantly kept coming over to clear plates while we were clearly still eating and felt like they were rushing us out of the door, shame as I said the food was good! 
My wife ate chicken pie and loved it. I had chicken wings and they were also enjoyable. My wife ate bread pudding for dessert and pronounced it excellent. Prices are OK. Our server forgot us on repeat occasions including a 45 minute wait for the dessert. Don't sit by the front door as every entrance and exit will jar the wall.  
Pleasant enough dining room. Basic favorites, pizza etc. I went for the special. Lamb shank. Tasty gravy but very simple. The mash. Didn't resemble freshly prepared mashed potatoes presumably some form of reheated processed version. Higher price than most offerings so quality has to match. Chain restaurant struggling to deliver quality. I guess the moral of the story is go for the very basic simplest & cheapest options. 
The waitress looked angry when we walked in the restaurant it was an hour before closing and maybe she wanted to go home but it was an hour before not five minutes. I had the fish and chips, the peas looked as if they'd been microwaved. The food otherwise tasted okay! The waitress took 20 minutes to clear our plates, there was 3 other other tables in the restaurant. When she did she took one plate and took another 10 minutes to get the other two and bring the bill. She made her emotions clear when we didn't tip too.  
We were staying in a hotel nearby and popped in here for dinner one evening. 
We chose this place as supposedly the no 1 Chinese restaurant in Sutton. Prawn crackers stale and served coke instead of Diet Coke. Certain of this as hate the taste of coke so queried. It would have been very easy for waitress to say she would check and then rectify but she insisted it was Diet Coke. A few minutes later I then saw her pour rest of the can - normal coke - into another glass and top up with a 2nd can for a customer who ordered a large coke. Meal went even further downhill after starters. 
Oh dear... such a shame. I only write a bad review in the hope that it will help management to improve.  
Went to this restaurant a couple weeks ago and was not going to give a review but after thinking about it, I think it is best that I do. 
I visited this restaurant with my family and our experience was negative. The service was poor, it took an hour to get or meals. The food itself was disappointing. We ordered lamb but the meat we got served did not taste like lamb at all. It was more dense like beef. Beyond that the 'lamb' tasted off and we could actually smell blood, it was impossible to eat it. The whole dining experience was disappointing and I WOULD NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone else. 
Please don't bother eating here unless desperate! Some staff are friendly & try really hard to make up for the male staff who are bothersome & make you feel uncomfortable. They also try to overcharge, which probably get away with frequently to tired / non English speakers.AVOID. 
Ok but very overpriced especially for what offered. Crazy prices for holiday Easter take away..25 pounds for two pieces of Lamb..not go again as a result of this  
We came upon this restaurant by chance late lunchtime on Easter Sunday and it was packed. However space was made for us and we were pleased to be somewhere with great atmosphere and seemingly excellent service. We were handed the menu which said Easter menu and didn;t think there might be an option. The prices seemed steep but we thought it was a special occasion meal so accepted it. The waiters were fast and efficient - but when we ordered 2 starters - Hummus and an Aubergine dip they were £8 each and huge - far too much for 2 people - we ate as much as we could but asked for the rest to be put into take away containers. I did notice that another table were given much smaller dishes for the dips. The lamb Suvlaki was more like a Kleftiko and came with a small dish of rice and no salad or vegetables. I eat at Greek and Turkish restaurants frequently and am accustomed to getting some garnish at least with the meat. The meat was tender but again portions far too large and so again we asked for a container to take away the remainder. My partner asked for a Raki each which we duly had. We finished with 1 baklava between 2 and Greek coffee - I had to ask for mine to be replaced as I had requested sugar free but it came with sugar. The bill was £111.20!!!! We had 1 pint Lager and a half bottle of white wine. £2 each for cover was added even though there was no cover to speak of - this is such an outdated charge - and if it is charged at least some olives are given and water. 12.5% was added too. The Raki was £6 per shot!!!! We are accustomed to being given it on the house at many Greek restaurants! When we queried it (and a young man sitting next to us who was Greek also queried the charge) we were simply given another shot each. We paid up and left saying to each other we had been duped and would never go there again. As we left the owner - Steve saw us and asked what the problem was and I told him it was good food but seriously overpriced. He was surprised to hear we had only been offered the Easter menu and that the starter portions were so ridiculously large for 2 people. He then gave me his mobile number and offered us a meal at half price if we contacted him to go there again. I have to say in all my years of eating out I have never had such an overpriced meal and he should have offered a free meal as an apology given the situation. Unless you have money to burn go to any other Greek restaurant in the area and give that one a miss! 
The food here is always lovely - however the service always becomes very bad after the starters.  
Perhaps because Zorba's Greek Restaurant down the street has such a bad reputation, Halepi gets better reviews than it deserves. It's overcrowded and the service is very slow.  
So, I attended a Birthday party and was excited to attend this so called 'Buffet' at the Caribbean restaurant, well i think they need to understand what a buffet is before attempting to offer this service. First, we were offered a complimentary rum punch on arrival (well-meaning you had to queue up and order at the bar yourself) and then write your name down on piece of paper, god forbid anyone tried to sneakily order a second glass, very small kids size glass. Myself and my mum glass was the same as my child’s! The group were all sitting separately, so nowhere near the birthday woman, as in we were literally sitting by the front door where the cold air was, and the birthday party was all the way at the other end in the back. For some strange reason there was a small table of 4 seat in one corner that were complete strangers that the birthday group were not allowed to sit on, I have no idea why? and just to add this small group of strangers had 'GOLD' plates -oh yes, why we had basic white. Very odd indeed, perhaps they were paying for a set menu rather than buffet. After waiting for buffet about 1 hour in hot plates after arriving we were allowed to go and get food, then quickly realised we were be served by staff who gave the smallest portions ever, similar to a wedding venue caterers (where you obviously do not pay for food) A tea spoon of rice, I had pre-ordered fish as I like it but also wanted the jerk chicken but nope, was not allowed, ok, I asked for curry mutton, nope not allowed, ok I then tried regular grill chicken, nope not allowed, barbeque chick...you guessed it nope not allowed, so I then asked why, I was told because I ordered fish! Ok but this is a BUFFET, so I want a bit of everything of course, nope not allowed, ok, so i moved to the plantain and was given 2 SLICES OF PLAINTAIN YES I KID YOU NOT, macaroni cheese, yes you guessed it, a teaspoon, no gravy at all, I had to beg for some mutton gravy so the rice would go down my throat, this was a bit less than a teaspoon, about a quarter. and salad 9with no salad cream or dressing) and coleslaw. Barbeque chicken was served from a different section for some reason, was SOOO dry, and burnt, no flavour, ad tasted raw, no salt, seasoning and no sauce! There was one server who was so mean and did not want to give you any food, barely replenished the food, only one tray of macaroni cheese and then after that some scraps of macaroni brought out, some parts were frozen and cold so i guess was old microwaved food? who knows. NO dessert or starters included in this fake buffet, apparently if you wanted a bit of everything to try as in an actual normal buffet you can pay £5 for you would need to pay £25!!! for one plate of food, yes really. The food was luke warm at best. The only nice thing was the jerk chicken that was just cooked so was hot and fresh, we did not order drinks as they were 5 teaspoon glasses (25 ml) which was not value for money, so we brought our own drinks and drank that, hahaaaa. Extortionate prices for mediocre food, I would rather go Brown eagle that has now opened in Chingford, large meal cost you £7.00 and they do oxtail for goodness sake, this place does not even serve dumpling! I rest my case. Don’t say I didn't warn you. A buffet should allow you to try EVERYTHING and this restaurant does not allow you too, they actually tell people NO YOU CAN'T EAT THIS and you then have to starve for the expensive food you are paying for, this is not a cheap place either. 
I dined here with colleagues yesterday evening. I had the deep fried brie as a starter followed by cod with new potatoes as my main course. The portions were generous and the food tasted nice at the time. Unfortunately I have spent the whole of today feeling unwell and have not eaten anything all day. I don't work on Fridays and so haven't asked my colleagues if anyone else is unwell. I suspect there was a problem with the tartar sauce (not in a bottle but in a little tub at the side of my plate) since the fish and brie were deep fried and potatoes rarely cause problems.  
Very expensive and was then overcharged. Manager very rude and unable to communicate when asked to discuss the situation. 
If you are booking a masterclass I would recommend checking when booking that they have enough equipment as 2 people in our party had to share equipment meaning 1 person could only make 1 out of the 3 cocktails - however they were still charged full price. 
This local is very small, it's not good for the couples. The white wine "aphrodite" is very bad but it cost 18 pounds!!! i prefer another greek restaurant in London! 
We thought we'd give Fish and Chips a try after a gap of two years following a very poor meal, and wow what a disappointment. My partner's cod was raw and had to sent back. The waitress was very obliging and brought a second piece of fish. Sadly this was watery (frozen?) and brown on the underside - again not cooked properly. What a shame that the prices don't match the quality of the product. On the plus side the portions are generous.  
This restaurant has probably got so many good reviews, that they don’t need to bother anymore. It is overcrowded with tables, to squeeze in an many guests as possible. When you arrive, they try to place you at the least attractive table they have. When you refuse, you get a slightly better table. They do like this with all occasional guests. This results in, that some nights the best tables not are utilised at all and some guests are unhappy. The food was good, but average. The staff felt a bit averse. After my visit I regret that we didn’t walk a few steps more, up to the nicer Zorbas, instead. 
I had the King Prawn Green Curry and boiled rice. It was grey & watery, instead of creamy and rich, had rubbery prawns and tofu, and frozen peas. Not sure what this dish was trying to be. The mushrooms were flavourless as well. Bit disappointing. This dish is Thai rather than Chinese, I think they need to take it off the menu as other diners on tripadvisor seem to like the rest of the menu so this must be an anomaly. 
Popped in after a long day to have a fish & chip supper. We had heard from friends that it served great Fish & Chips. Found the atmosphere was cold & uninviting, we ordered, then had a long wait for which can only be described as very ordinary overpriced fish & chips. The fish was mainly batter not much fish & the chips were soggy. 
the prawn cocktail was something never seen served like it was, the fish in matzo meal was a joke, all matzo meal and little fish inside it, chips good, tartar sauce awful, lemon okay............sorry but would not go back to this one and we go for fish and chips regularly all over north and north west london and suburbs. the staff were excellent and so helpful and polite. 
Nothing special for overpriced fish and chips. Yes it's freshly cooked. But the fish portion size was poor. Sorry but didn't enjoy this experience 
We visited yesterday, as we'd heard about All Bar One's Veganuary menu - which looked great. We both ordered the 2 course meal deal. My boyfriend's starter arrived at the same time as the mains which seemed odd. My Lasagne was served so hot I burnt my mouth, and by the time it had cooled enough to eat my boyfriend had completely finished his meal. After waiting what must of been over half an hour for my desert, we gave up and left without it. 
Pretty grim - popped in this morning for breakfast. Besides someone having a beer and reading the paper- no one else there. My friends full breakfast was dismal - burnt sausages and both eggs broken!! (Ghastly) - complained and had two new eggs and sausages by the time they came the rest of her breakfast and tea was cold!! Service was lovely (given small discount) but I'd definitely fire the chef! First and last time at All Bar One for me. 
First time I'd been there and had heard good reviews locally. Ok, we made the mistake of not booking for an early evening meal but when the food arrived the portions were very small for the price we paid. I had an average fish pie, which at £12.49 was very over-priced. My friend had a very average-sized cod and chips for £11.99. On top of this service (12.5%?) is included in the bill so quite a hefty total. I'm told it's better value at lunchtime. I won't be going back in a hurry but I'm sure others will and its local popularity says something. 
Really pricey and standard of food pretty average when in seating area. Take-away (oh my gosh, expect at least a half and hour wait - whoever heard of that at a chip shop) again average and portions are not fantastic. 
Unfortunately have to leave this review because i'm really disappointed. Its my local fish and chip shop and i'm gutted that i wont be going back. I've been going there since it opened and it's been so inconsistent. It's not acceptable to have to send fish back because it is off and smells of ammonia on three different occasions. Once, fair enough, but if the management or owners are going to brush serious quality issues under the carpet then they should get out of the catering business. Any problems should have been dealt with by now and if the so called Chef can't tell or smell that the fish is off, then he should may be think of a career change. 
I went here mid week for a large fish and chips lunch (the days lunch special was half portion for £7) which came to £12, with a pint of Kronenberg pushing it £17. The fish was crispy but extremely heavy with batter, chips left much to be desired, hard on the outside and in. Many fish bars now offer battered chips but this wasn't on the menu when I visited. 
Was looking forward to a nice dinner in a Greek restaurant, but the food and the Service were not good. Service was unfriendly, the appetiser Calamari did come without a tip and they were partially cold, try and not soft. My steak ordered medium cooked was try and hard. And the prices were quite high with £20 for a main course. What I wondered though is did this just happen to us as the restaurant was very busy. I would not come back. There are so many other Restaurants around in this area with better Service and better food 
Went in this morning to have a pre Wimbledon breakfast. It started well with a waitress straight over taking drinks orders. Then in went wrong. Two breakfasts took over an hour. We queried it twice. On the third time the waitress said they’d run out of eggs. I could see that was an issue as at least half their breakfasts include eggs. I can’t believe they did not us and I would have changed my order. Instead we were misled on two separate occasions. Breakfast was naff. Cold beans. Dry bacon and very watery eggs. Great orange juice and tea. I like All Bar One but this was a huge disappointment which made us very late for the tennis.  
After reading some positive reviews we decided to visit the restaurant but were unhappy with both food and service. We ordered the moussaka & lamb kleftiko which were both disappointing. Whenever we've had kleftiko in the past its come wrapped in a parcel with potatoes, veg & all the lovely cooking sauce. This was basically just a lamb shank on a plate, with a side dish of rice. No sauce and lacking any kind of presentation. It was the most expensive meal of our stay and the least enjoyable. We would not return. 
went to pick up fish and chips from the takeaway section for the family after months away from home. Must say standard has fallen and the fish is not as nice as it used to be. Chips were good though. 
The atmosphere is kind of hectic and cluttered, and the floor is somewhat dirty. But that is not the problem. My wife wanted a plain piece of seafood, grilled with no seasoning. The seafood was listed with no prices. Our mistake was not to ask. She ordered dover sole. It was a small filet, but acceptable, and prepared as requested. I ordered baked lamb and it was very good. When the bill came, we were shocked to see that the price of the small piece of plain dover sole was 30 pounds. Other restaurants in the area were charging at most 15 pounds for fresh seafood. I figured it was lessons learned and paid the bill. I was due 2.5 pounds in change. After the waiter took the money he made himself scarce and never returned with our change. I believe they took advantage of us as American tourists. I would never go back there and I would recommend if you go there, proceed with caution. 
Obviously I struck a bad night at this restaurant. The vegetables were limp and from an 'odd bunch' bag. The lamb was dry and the rice cold. Constant heated exchanges between staff. I'll stick to Greek in Melbourne. 
I visited Fish and Chips on a Friday. I was expecting a queue as my friend and I were both warned that we would have to wait, as Friday night at 8 oclock was a busy time and they surprisingly didn't take bookings. No queue... 
Why this restaurant is busy boggles my mind. Went to restaurant and asked if we had reservations. We didn't. They said if we eat fast we could have a table. I ordered the Chicken Kebob and the waiter/owner immediately told me i could not order it because it took to long. I was stunned. Why would you let me come into your restaurant and then tell me my order would take to long. Am I not still a paying customer? How rude. Eventually we got our food. The food tasted mediocre at best. They sit other diners almost on top of you. Very uncomfortable. In Canada this restaurants food would sell at a food court mall outlet. 
For the quality of the food, they should charge max 2/3 of what they are charging now. They really need to improve their cooking skill if they want to continue their business to next generation. They can't live with past legacy (not sure if they were good in the past).  
Went here with my partner on a Friday so was busy(booked a couple of days ahead). Arrived in good time but there was some sort of mix up with the booking. Eventually seated. We had a couple of sharing starters and were ok but the main courses were awful. My partner ordered klefticon which was fatty and bland and contained no spices whatsoever and I had lamb kebab in which the meat was over cooked to the point of being tough. Once we finished we got the impression that they wanted us to leave despite us only being in the restaurant 50 minutes so we took our time finishing our wine. 
Not a place I would visit again given the better choices available. 
We were at Wimbledon for the tennis decided to have a meal in All bar one. There wasn't enough staff, service was slow. Our order was taken we had ordered steaks and drinks, our drinks came, after sometime the waiter came back very apologetic the restaurant had run out of steak. Can you believe a restaurant running out of steak, I know it was during the tennis however you do not expect a restaurant to run out of steak, we paid for our drinks and left. 
Food ok, but not much better 
Working in the viscinity my team sometimes holds internal business meetings there as it is usually empty during working hours. 
This was one of my favorite brunch spots. Menu changed recently as did the staff. The food now is below average. Miss the fresher options. Had the yoghourt it was sickening and very stale tasting. My Fiancee had the boot breakfast, what a disappointment the lightest smear of humus with slightly gone off avocado on top not appointing at all! 
Sadly very average. The "greek" sausage starter was okay but very dry. I had ordered the mixed grill for the main but again this was very bland - came with no sides (tzatsiki?) or salad or vegetables even. I had to order some chips seperately but sadly these didn't add much flavour to the dish. I've eaten in many restaurants in Greece but sadly this isn't a touch - i've cooked far better chicken souvlaki at home .... and no Greek beer which would been a nice touch (Mythos, fix, etc) 
Tavern was full of people, so we decided to pop in. Big MISTAGE. I ordered Afalia meal (£15) that was awful. Pieces of pork here and there 1 potato and a cupful of rice. All that the menu promised, but nothing else. Pork pieces were over done. It was like elementary school dish. The price ended up to £16 because place charges you £1 to be seated.  
This restaurant used to have good food and I had looked forward to a return visit. I stopped with a group of friends for an early meal, but despite there being several vacant tables, we were turned away with a very rude "no" from the owner. Apparently, we were deemed unsuitable for seating. I will never try this restaurant again, despite staying near it often. 
I was here 10 years ago and had a great meal. Just wondering what has happened? The plate I got then with pieces of meat, lemon, lettuce, chips and tzatziki has now downsized to some small pieces of meat and a wedge of lemon. I will not return. 
A group of us enjoyed a lovely delicious meal at Halepi which was totally spoilt by them trying to overcharge us. The owner insisted the bill was correct (without even looking at it), rudely stating that he had never incorrectly billed anyone in the history of him owning the place! When we finally got him to sit down with us, he had to agree that the bill was very confusing and said it was because they had run out of space on the paper. This was the reason they gave for charging us £12 for a side dish of brocoli (£3 on the menu) amongst other similar anomolies. Added to that, it was difficult to read the waiter's handwriting and match up what we had ordered with the price of each dish. In the end, the owner blamed the waiter and called him a name I cannot repeat here but needless to say it was very derogatory and totally unprofessional. We left not paying the service charge, and the owner was very rude to us and said he didn't want our money anyway!!!! Charming! Such a shame as we enjoyed the food, the ambience and the waiter was actually very good. Just the owner that was the problem and he is obviously unconcerned by what happened as they know tourists will continue to visit. Keep a tally of you order, and how much your bill should be and question it if it doesn't add up. Whatever happened to 'the customer is always right'? You let yourselves down Halepi with this sort of behaviour! 
Be wary of the bill. 
Was really on edge for most of our meal as social distancing measures weren't very good.  
We were disappointed to be given a very limited lunch menu today with no seafood pasta. I ordered Seafood Risotto which was poor with the seafood totalling only 4 prawns and 4 mussels. My wife’s salmon pasta was ok. Later we saw other customers getting various dishes with clams and mussels and were told they were the many specials that someone should have told us about but hadn’t! They also charged us for 250 ml glasses of wine when we did not ask for large. Poor communication and impersonal service. £52 for above plus coffee. Left feeling very let down and that they didn’t care.  
I have eaten in many Italian Restaurants worldwide so experienced excellent to poor examples of the cuisine - unfortunately this is of the latter. We were 2 couples for dinner. For a starter, I had Calamari which was quite insipid in appearance and lacking in taste, the 2 ladies had meat balls with tomato sauce - the sauce was reasonable. I cannot remember what the 4th member of our party had for his starter. The mains were Risotto di Mare which contained several mussels but only 1 prawn, one pasta dish was supposed to contain monkfish but was conspicuous by its absence. My main was Vitello di Milanese (Veal escalope and spaghetti, again with tomato sauce) - I have had much better veal in egg and bread crumbs. The wine was good. I was surprised when asked if we would like parmesan cheese, it was from a shaker not grated. Whilst ALL the serving staff wore face masks the owner wore nothing at all. As my title - DISAPPOINTED. 
Seafood risotto had 2 prawns and a slither of white fish. I'd say that was a rip off for £14. Windows dirty too. 
I visited Prima Filla over the Easter Weekend with family. I’ve personally never been a fan of this reasturant but others always seem to think it’s good, tonight everyone in the party felt it was poor. 
Can't handle big groups and when you get bill they charge you wrong e.g. three course meal 27 pounds head but receipt then shows desserts as additional price. They also don't have half of the dishes available. Starters nothing special. Main was quite good. Two menus with conflicting prices on same dish. Would not go again 
We used to really love this restaurant and ordered a takeaway. The mushroom rice included whole tinned mushrooms rather than fresh, the seasonal mixed vegetable masala were chopped carrots, beans and peas and looked very like a basic supermarket bag of frozen vegetables in a sauce. The Goan fish curry was nice but extremely rich and the chilli fish was lovely. We also had aloo papri chat which was ok but not good. Generally the food was nowhere near the standard of previous meals we had eaten both in the restaurant and for takeaway previously and was not worth the premium price. I won’t be using them again. 
Me and my family are common visitors, but when we came this time, it was appauling. 
Poor service. Got food orders wrong. Obviously popular resturant as very noisy and busy. However, food was mediocre at best and side salad mainly consisted of raw onion. Will not be returning and would not recommend.  
Visited this restaurant many times over the years and had a really good experience, but this time it was so disappointing. 
My wife ans I visited this Restaurant 17th. Aug. 2019 to Celebrate our Wedding Anniversary. 
I have been to the Italian concept before and given it 5 stars over 12 months ago. While the table service was good. I felt the food tonight was sub par. My sons margherita pizza looked undercooked and was falling apart every time he picked up a pizza.  
Disappointing experience despite a very charming waiter who was the highlight of the evening. Food was very overpriced and not authentic. Some dishes were raw, stodgy and lacking in flavour. Management made no effort to discuss or engage with us. Such as shame as we had high expectations but it clear that is just an average Indian business venture. 
I have been eating at cafe gondola for years. We even had my grandfathers wake at the restaurant. 
Had bad experience taking my mum in a wheelchair. Clearly not welcome by staff and the fact it wasn’t wheelchair friendly. Landlady was talking about my mum and where she was sitting unbeknown to her it was my mum. So rude and felt like we lowered the tone by bringing someone with a wheelchair. Just wanted to take my mum for a meal to the nearest place to her care home and felt terrible for it! 
Spent £200 on meze and drinks four of us and left hungry safe to say won’t be going back! Stingy portions and quality of food not worth the money spent either. 
Stopped by for Lunch recently as the reviews looked good. The restaurant reflects the Indian street food look. The toilets unfortunately reflect a lesser of a look where hygiene is placed lower down the scale. No cold water in the gents to wash your hands...similar thing in the Ladies also. The food.. , well it would be fair to say that I have eaten enough Indian dishes in my life and are quite familiar with most regional dishes but I had trouble placing where their dishes fall into a category. They were overly sweet with sugar added to the point that we could not eat much of it. Maybe they were aimed at people who had no idea what authentic Indian cuisine supposed to be. I won't return and I will learn by my experience. 
We came here a few years ago and it was excellent but this time we were very disappointed. Fist, the staff were not very attentive: they didn't offer us cheese, salt and pepper or spices. We had to go up to the counter and ask for pepper, spoons and Tabasco.  
I have really tried to like this place and have eaten here twice but both times (for dinner) the food was mediocre. We had a variety of choices each time and would say the oven baked pizza was the best, but the pasta was sadly lacking in flavour, the melanzane was ok but the portion was small for a main course, the starters of tuna nicoise salad was from a tin and was flavourless and the bruschetta choices bland. It’s not cheap and whilst I’d like to support non chain restaurants, they need to focus on serving authentic good Italian food.  
First impressions were promising .... nicely positioned place and a friendly welcome... albeit it was very quiet for 8.30 on a Friday night.  
deeply impressed with the menu, but it did not quite live up to its claims. One ordered skate , which she said was tasty and well cooked, But without the mussels. guess what she got ? Two ordered tuna salad, very very poor. No olives, no potatoe, no hard boiled egg, no anchovy not much of any anything. Lettuce, cucumber a few tomatoes and tinned tune, £ 10 Finally, one ordered a 4 cheese pizza. It looked like an indian flat bread with cheese on top, and dressed with a sprig of basil. Sorry deeply unimpressed with no incentive to return. I(t seems I am going against the majority. view but thats how it was...... 
We arrived to the warmest of welcomes which is always promising. We had drinks and they were ok.. the menu was limited and not incredibly inspiring but then we ( and all of us were in agreement) had to remind ourselves that we were at our local Greek restaurant which was by the way very comfortable for what we thought would be an ok meal... sadly this was not the case.. except for the taramasalata and tzatziki which were delicious and that’s where it ended. I’ve been very fortunate to have visited many lovely restaurants Michelin stared and not.. and I know when something is way over priced but this restaurant did not give value for money. I know how much a block of haloumi costs and I did not understand how £6 or slightly over could be charged for effectively two pieces cut into four.. really poor .. looks great on a piece of slate and a bit of cucumber and tomato but really!!! A sausage that was tough and inedible and various other bits but by then we had all lost interest. The mains were ordinary and lack lustre and the doughnuts which I remembered eating on a Greek island were nothing like I remembered... so... sorry to say Thymari definitely does not get my vote.. in my family if we don’t like a restaurant we usually end the meal with the phrase ‘ take a good look around ‘ !!! The sad thing is that Hadley Wood has just this one restaurant apart from a cafe.. and sadly this one is missing it’s mark.. what a shame 
Visited yesterday with extended family - 6 adults, 4 kids. 
We visited Windsor on a Sunday a couple of weeks ago which was very nice! 
I have visited this restaurant once before and had their lasagne which it thought was excellent. However on this visit, we were told the lasagne was not ready and so had to order something else. One of us had pasta with salmon - virtually no salmon and was cold. The other ordered spaghetti with seafood - piles of spaghetti but not much else and also cold food! Wouldn’t recommend it! 
The food has a decent taste in the whole. The service is fine, although you’ll only see the specials board if you go to the toilet. They don’t tell you about it.  
Second time back and won't be returning, went here at the start of the year and it was amazing, went tonight and was very disappointed. Was very excited about the king prawn dish, not sure how they can charge you £10.95 for 6 tiny dry Tesco value prawns, chicken was dry, doughnuts were very greasy, forgot one of the deserts and the Irish Coffee's were terrible. 
I have been a regular here and thoroughly enjoyed the food. However my most recent experience left me wondering whether Potli is getting too popular and paying less attention to quality of food and customer care. 
Me, my Fiancee and her Aunty went out for dinner on Friday 7th April to the Oak, we have eaten here a few times in the past and mostly it has really good and wanted to try out there Friday fish night. Sadly we wish we had gone elsewhere as the only difference to there normal menu was fishcakes as a special starter, even though it says lots of fish specials on that night. I decided to go for the steak as the limited fish options didn't entice me, my fiancée had the battered cod, when it finally came out it came out looking nice but my steak was ok at best it tasted like a cheap cut of meat and was stringy, however the worst bit was my fiancée's cod, she said it had a very strange taste to it, not off, just strange, I tried it, and it didn't taste fresh at all, and tasted very stale, we would have sent it back, but apart from the bar staff who always seemed busy, there were no one else about, and we were hungry by this stage, my fiancé ate a bit of the fish and the chips, but we never checked and when our plates were eventually taken, the waitress asked if everything was ok, and we mentioned the strange cod and all we got back was, ' well I don't know whats wrong, its cooked fresh' and she left, never to return to the table. We paid at the bar and left and will not be returning, which is a shame as it is our local pub, and we previously enjoyed eating there and the quiz nights. but will not be returning, also avoid lager on tap, always flat , go for bottles Instead. 
I popped in on Saturday afternoon, food supposedly served from 12. Ordered and was told it was from 12.15 as the chef was last... Fine. At 12.45 I asked where my food was, chef hadn't got in until 12.30 and was making it as we spoke (club sandwich, hardly a gastronomic feat) still no food by 1pm. Eventually the food arrived with very little in the way of explaination. When I finally got it the sandwich was lovely, the beer is great, the garden is fantastic. Do a game of two halves, really. 
I'll keep this brief and to the point. 
I arranged to meet 3 friends here on a Wednesday evening. When we arrived there was only one time their table occupied so there was no atmosphere. A wide selection of steaks looked promising and I chose the Pampas fed Rib Eye with a Half lobster with multiple sides. 
After reading great reviews went to try it. First impressions good ....looked around food looked and smelt nice was excited as expected authentic Italian. Disappointed is what we were. The pasta is thick and chewy! Donuts under cooked. When pointing this out told oh yes chef is worried to over cook them! Surprised as other chefs can get it right. No sorry would u like another? No just the bill. Fish soup good with the fish but the soup lacked depth and not enough more like gravy. Price is extortionate as walked out feeling robbed for quality and service will not recommend or return 
Booked a table for my boyfriend and myself for dinner here last night. We were really looking forward to it as the menu looked similar to that of our favourite steak restaurant- Hawksmoor. There was a good selection of food, we chose a selection of breads and bbq ribs to share between the two of us- good sized portions, but the bbq ribs were very very fatty and quite cold and the butter was not spreadable as it had come straight from the fridge. We didn't want to make a fuss as we were literally the only table in there, so it would've been a little embarrassing. It was even fairly awkward to have a conversation as the staff were stood nearby and it was very quiet in there.  
While the service was quite good, the food failed terribly. Had the steamed crab claws that were dry as a bone and tasteless. The steak was fatty and not very good either.  
Went to try this place out after reading the good reviews. Staff are friendly however the food was disappointing. We ordered a fish dish that was recommended by the waiter however it was not very fresh and arrived cold. The soft shell crab and lamb briyani dish were just ok. 
We took a friend out for her birthday, and while the service was good in parts, the food somewhat was disappointing. Portions mean and the tandoori we ordered that night dry. 
Think steaks are either horrible or ok, to find a truly memorable steak these days is rare. 
Went with my family. Ordered Co Co Chicken, Butter Chicken and Karahi Chicken. The Co Co Chicken was nothing like the dish described on the menu and was basically the exact same flavour curry sauce as the Butter Chicken with some additional Coconut Milk added. 
The food tasted good not amazing however the portions are way too small and too salty. Plus the food gave us two digestive issues and it's quite expensive as well. 
Went to the Oak with friends and children. Great staff, helpful and friendly. Sadly we waited more than an hour for our food. Apparently they were serving a large table of 20 people first - well, if that's going to upset service you should really rethink taking such massive bookings! 
I appreciate that large groups can challenge a kitchen, but if you have pre ordered - as we had -then I struggle to see how the order can then come as a surprise..... 
Due to our experience I am unable to comment on the food, which is the reason I have to leave such a review in the first place.  
Very expensive for a less than average curry. Would never go back and never recommend. If only I could go back to my favourite curry place but too embarrassed to return. 
Okay steak, okay ambience, crappy chips but great service.  
Nice food. Clear a lot of effort has gone into the menu. However, poor service. Slow and inattentive in every respect. Staff stretched too far, and disinterested management letting it happen. 
The food was ok, no better than that. The chicken was a bit tough and not very tasty, I thought the dish had a reasonable taste, though my partner said it lacked depth. The rice was pretty tasteless and the naan was very small, arguably underdone, and again certainly nothing special. The lamb was a bit fatty though the sauce was good.  
Decided to come to the restaurant as have driven past it numerous times. Had high expectations about the food but were very disappointed. All the dishes lacked flavour, seasoning and were a very bland. 
2 years ago we visited London and ate at Rangrez, the food was amazing, staff were lovely and we agreed to come back one day. 
We booked a table 5 days in advance because we knew it was a music night, we had visited this restaurant before, so we had an idea it would be busy!! 
I eat out quite regular and I would NEVER eat hear again. Very disappointing! Went with my parents and sister. The mussels to start were so hot as had too much fresh chilli which was over powering. We made a comment to the waitress and the chef sent a message back saying the mussels are on fire! My sister and I both had salmon for main and it was served in a creamy sauce and it had chopped chilli mine actually had (25 large pieces of chilli to be precise)! It would have been 2 x whole red chilli's which was too hot to eat! We spoke to the manager and in stead of just apologising he decided in a very loud voice talking over me trying to justify that that is how they cook. I said there is too much chilli for the delicate salmon. But he continued to shout and try to justify it, saying he has been a chef too, for 17 years! This confrontation lasted for 10mins (all this whilst my parents are eating their meals) where he wouldn't listen to what I was trying to say! It was his very poor attitude and very aggressive approach towards us which spoiled our evening more than anything and my parents in their 70's was very upset by him shouting. He did take the meal off the bill, however if he had just said, 'I'm sorry it was too hot for you, would you like me to change meal, or take it off the bill' I would have been happy with how he handled the situation. But instead he decided to very loudly try to justify it in a very aggressive manner which was totally unacceptable, and for that reason I would never go back. If his customer care had been different our evening would have been different. 
We ate a meal at Potli one year ago when we last visited UK and had an enjoyable evening. Tonight I booked a table for 4 persons at 6:30 p.m. The meal was OK and the price for 4 persons (129 pounds: 3 starters, 3 main, 4 lassi, 4 pints of beer, 2 pilau rice, popadoms and nan) expensive but as expected. However, we won't go there again. The restaurant hurried our meal in the crowded restaurant. The table for 4 was tiny so that there was hardly any room for our food. It was noisy so that I could not clearly hear the person on the opposite side of the table. Hence we did not have a pleasant evening talking to our friends and casually enjoying a meal. 
Recently moved to Egham and thought i give Gondola a try with a few colleagues during our lunch break. Big restaurant with very few people inside was the first clue. The waitress was very pleasant, but for some reasons the guy who appeared to be in charge or the owner started shouting at her for something she may have done wrong. Then he started arguing with one of the chefs in a foreign language (no expert in languages, but certainly weren't Italian - so much for an Italian restaurant and food!). Unfortunately from that point on, we didn't want to continue with our food, so finished as quickly as we could and left never to return again. Tip for the owner/manager: never argue with your staff in front of the clients! 
Went for an early lunch on Sunday 4th August. After reading the recent reviews and looking at the menu I had high hopes. 
Went to Meat at the Parish for a 70th birthday based on the good reviews here.  
Went here for a meal with friends before xmas. The place was lovely inside but food fáiled to deliver. I had a Burger which was barely warm and on talking to everyone at the table most of their Meat was the same. Really expensive for What it was. Had nicer food else where for less money and hot. Would not dine here again..  
A very small restaurant, tables very close together, no privacy, inexpensive uncomfortable furniture, very disappointed with the quality of the food. Waitress service o.k. EXPENSIVE!!! FIRST And Last visit to the Rangrez. 
Group of 10 of us went for an early Christmas get together. Staff lovely and service efficient. That’s the only good thing I can say.  
I love a good steak especially wagyu. These guys over cook my steak which rendered it tasteless. Unfortunately we were on a tight schedule and I did not have time to send it back 
The food in general is tasty but I guess one of the portions we’ve had of 350g sirloin steak was a total disaster. Half of the steak wasn’t eatable due to chewy parts. Once pointed to the waiter, he went to check with the chef. Never came back with the answer. Customer service need some improvement I guess especially as there was only few other customers at the time. 
Having seen the restaurant on the television with Alex Polizzi we just had to go for a meal. So after a day out in London we found our way to Polti. We eat Indian food regularly at a really good restaurant in Chinnor. Reading the other reviews we must have got the wrong night because our food was terrible ! The staff didn't seem to care about our comments, they just wanted the money - very disappointing, it wasn't even a busy night. Alex Polizzi would not wish to be associated with this restaurant as it us now I'm sure. 
Went here on a Sunday evening with a group of friends. The restaurant wasn't busy at all and despite being seated quickly, the service wasn't brilliant after that. We ordered a combination of meals (burger, chicken, steak) none of which were great. I ordered the surf and turf and the entire dish was very bland and tasteless. 
I don't feel there's any value in this restaurant. Initially the menu looks promising although pricy.  
A mixed bag of a review really. My husband chose this restaurant for a rare night out and unfortunately won't be returning. We were looking forward to a relaxed, leisurely dinner and felt as if we'd been forceably rushed. A real shame as there were some good points to note also.  
Tonight, the Jonathan Pie event ended at the Apollo up the street, needed food, too late to head to home turf, thought we'd try the local hostelries. The Rangrez was first in line, and I do love an Indian meal, so in we went. Just enough room in a busy restaurant to accommodate us, thank you. We ordered mixed poppadoms and pickles, chicken karahi & peshwari naan, I ordered lamb rogan josh & garlic naan. Starters never arrived. Glad we weren't charged for them. Chicken was fine, but the peshwari naan was average at best. Garlic naan was good. Sad to say, as a long-time lover of lamb curries, the rogan josh was the most disappointing meal I have had to pay for. Not horrible, just plenty of heat but zero flavour. Only redeeming features - lamb was tender if not tasteless, also we didn't order much and therefore the bill was reasonable. 
I can only assume that the people rating this as excellent, have never actually had a decent curry! 
Been going to the alma regularly for sunday lunch for a few years now havent been for a couple of months what a disappointment its massively gone down hill run out of pork un eatable roast potatoes poor service  
We were quite a large party who needed food. They thought they could handle it with ease, yet forgot orders and kept bringing food to people(who had the same as us, remember, same group.) and forgot what we ordered. The 2 chefs who were at work did a fine job however the front-personell felt like, to put it frankly, a liability. Food was so slow and most of the party were had already had their plates taken out before the rest got their food. No communication at all, explanation or any form for quality shown. Probably fine for smaller events, but more than 5 seems like mission impossible for them.  
Double birthday celebration. 1st impressions were good, nice and clean and welcoming. Service perhaps a bit overzealous, but it was early and not many other diners present. Flowers, coats etc were put away without fuss, but no effort was made to assist with placing the balloons on/near our table. So, starters: carpaccio, oysters, ribs: ribs overly fatty with little taste, oysters great, carpaccio very bland of flavour, and a slightly grey colour, but that could have been the lighting. We said that we were not in a hurry for the mains, but we were constantly asked if we were ready (There were probably about another 10 diners, so not busy). When we said that the kitchen could begin cooking our mains, they arrived within 5 minutes and had clearly been sitting under the lamps to stay warm. Steaks ok (ribeye and sirloin), but certainly not great, plates were not warm, and my rare steak was cold inside (should have been room temperature). The watercress salad is more of a garnish with a few limp bits of cress and 2 slices of radish. Roasted tomatoes on the vine were barely warm and there were just 2. Must be a shortage of tomatoes? Sides are served at £3.50 per portion and are tiny. Good selection of wines, if a tad expensive, and lovely espresso martinis. Although we had a good evening, and the atmosphere is good, prices are set at fine dining level but the offering is not. Again, profiteroles were just choux balls cut in half with a lump of ice cream in the middle. Nothing exciting at all. It was not good enough to justify the prices, there is better out there. We will not return. 
Went with high hopes left with little hope... Had the sharing Sunday roast and was disappointed with the portion and the quality. 3 slices of beef, 6 roast potatoes, a handful of broccoli, some carrots and parsnips and 2 yorkshire puddings between 2 for £30 I don't think is good value. 
I went here with 5 friends last night for the third time. Twice the service has been appalling . Last night we had to wait at least an hour and one of the group for even longer. We were given the same excuses for the poor service as on the previous occasions. Although we were offered free liqueurs and the one whose meal was the latest was offered for hers to be wrapped up and eaten at home, we expect meals to be served punctually so that we can enjoy each other's company and not rush the meal when it eventually arrives. None of us felt comfortable to choose a dessert and a coffee. The owner did not disagree with us retaining the service , which seems to show he was aware the poor standard of service. We eat regularly in Purley but not here again. 
I went to the restaurant last night for dinner and was very disappointed. My steak was really tough. I didn't want to eat it at all. The olives are horrible. Our bill came to 120 pounds for two people and we I my had a main, and some olives. Wasn't pleased with it at all. I thi I it was very over priced for what it was. 
Took some people for a birthday brunch inc kids around mid morning. Pancakes looked great and kids loved them. Very sweet and well intentioned server too. Eggs Benedict were ok , kind of functional rather than ‘yum’. The brunch though was rank ...Beans (in a jug) had a skin over the top, eggs were hard/overcooked and the fried potatoes obviously re-warmed from what tasted like the day before. Toast was cold too. Not, cooling off from the toaster. Cold, like from 2 hours earlier. But for having guests With me, I would have sent it back. People on the table next to mine had the same and I could tell they weren’t happy either. £13 for a mediocre fry up is pretty ridiculous especially when there are great alternative restaurants within a 1 min walk. It wasn’t busy either so to resolve , either dump the chef or stick to the pancake specialities. Clearly he/she is incapable of serving up both. Would return with children but for adults , forget it .....amateur hour.... 
I'd love to be able to write a good review of this restaurant which had featured on TV where Alex Politzi (the hotel Inspector) had assisted in selection of a new headchef. The food was indeed different from the normal fare one experiences in Indian restaurants in the West but unfortunately we were seated downstairs in the basement (on a table for four with our friends) but opposite a large group which included several very noisy children who destroyed the ambience of the evening for us. The fact that we had travelled all the way from Spain to try this restaurant and had booked at least a week in advance obviously didnt carry any weight (even though there were tables free upstairs) We complained on more than one occasion about the noise but to no avail.and when we spoke to the manager at the end of the evening he was speechless. Having paid 120 pounds plus for the meal I feel this was a pretty poor reaction. I certainly wouldn't recommend this restaurant for anyone who wished to have anything but a very noisy evening! It could have been oh so much better had they chosen to seat us upstairs instead of putting s in the creche! 
This is not the first time i've been disappointed in Bill's food in the past two weeks. Today's watery poached eggs was just a bit too far. Thanks to the Eat Out. Help Out. scheme there was a discount which made it a little easier to swallow.  
One of my few let downs from Trip Advisor. Usually well rated restaurants give a good experience. Not in this case.  
Pizza was fine but it took 40 minutes to arrive and the male waiter stank of body odour, wasn't cleanly shaved and was wearing scruffy clothes and trainers. Overall very average. Save your money and time and go elsewhere. I won't be going back. 
Having been recommended this restaurant by a number of people we booked for a Mother’s Day treat for a family of 4. We turned up looking forward to our meal. We could see it was very busy. We were shown our table straight away and shortly after ordered drinks. It took a while after that to order our food as we couldn’t get the attention of the Waitress. We managed to order. It took 45 minutes to get our starters out, not ideal when you have 2 young children with you. We also noticed a table who arrived after us had their food served before us which seemed odd. 35 mins later we were told that we had to choose something different from the menu as there was no more children’s Bolognase which we had ordered. We did notice the family who arrived after us tucking into a children’s Bolognase though which was a bit irritating. 10 minutes later so an hour and a half after arriving we were served our mains. The food was nice, however the tomato pasta we had to choose instead was bland, and could have been made at home. At the end of the meal we asked for the bill and were surprised to see a 10% service charge had already been added to the bill. We hadn’t been impressed with the slow service and disappointed to see that we had been charged full price for the child meal. A gesture of goodwill in removing this would have been good as we had ordered something and were told 30 mins later the item was not available. The whole time we had to entertain 2 hungry children, given it was a treat for Mother’s Day it wasn’t the most relaxing meal. Very disappointing as we had heard and read good reviews. Not sure we will rush back. 
Recently I was in London on a business trip and got the hint to try this restaurant. I had great expectation considering the reviews but i was pretty disappointed. The ambiance is nice but our pizzas was not well cooked (apparently same remarks were done by the people sat beside us). Plus, we had a bottle of wine that was pretty expensive for its quality. 
We booked this restaurant for Sunday lunch after reading the good reviews. Our starters- bruschetta and buratta were reasonable however our main dishes were very disappointing. The two pasta dishes stodgy, langoustines looked unappetising and pizzas had too much sauce and soggy bottoms. Service was good with friendly waiter. 
We booked for my birthday last night. We waited 50 minutes for our lamb chops to arrive and were very disappointed when they arrived: poor quality meat and looking as though they had been broiled rather than grilled on high heat as is usual for this dish. The curries were ok, but nothing to write home about compared to, say, their neighbour, Anarkali. We complained and to be fair, the waitress was apologetic about the state of the lamb dish and the service and took that and the poppadums off the bill. We had looked forward to this visit but were deeply disappointed. Even if it was a one off as the waitress said to us, I doubt we will be going back. 
The food itself was absolutely delicious; seriously tasty spaghetti carbonara and bolognese. However, the service was very underwhelming, and the seating is rather crammed, which made our dining experience somewhat uncomfortable. Simple things like not being given ice in our drinks (but giving other customers ice), mishearing our orders, and most insulting of all, questioning the authenticity of Scottish bank notes, would stop us from returning - amazing as the food was. Scottish currency = legal tender and it is so offensive to suggest otherwise or to question our motives as paging customers. 
Really good pizzas, I really enjoy it! 
I really can't understand why this place is so highly rated. Unfortunately there is not much choice for Indian food in Hammersmith which has meant I've been here a couple of times now. Portions are small, curries are greasy, service is poor and it is expensive (and they also add on generous service fee for themselves).  
Been here a couple of times to consume an average Indian dish. However, we got extreamly dissapointed when picking up a take away and discovered that the daal was more expensive than most other well renound Indian Michelin restaurants in London. 
Whilst the food was lovely. Initially my main course Lamb Shank Rogan Josh came out cold (they did sort this out) the naan bread turned up literally as we finished our main course with no apology.  
Unfortunately not what we expected, we went for dinner and we ordered starter and main course, whilst the starter was great, the main course was really disappointing. The carbonara pasta was not cooked properly, was really hard, we have advised the staff about it and kindly agreed to exchange the plate with a better cooked one. When the second plate came, it was the kind of the same, pasta not cooked properly, we ended up leaving everything on the plates and still were charged the full amount.  
I ordered the house special--spring lamb and rice. The lamb was absolutely horrible! It was so tough. The smoked Aubergine was very good. The service was very poor. The guy totally forgot one of my side. The food was slow. The place was almost empty.  
We've been here 3 times over about 2 years. The first time it was very good but the second time was poor. But we decided to give it another go the other day ... wish we hadn't.  
Well...this is a decent steak restaurant...but it charges like it is top of the range. Got the feeling it is some new franchise of a chain, trying to break through in the UK? 
Please, don’t say you serve vegetarian food if you don’t. First, we were waiting almost 1 h until our mains arrived. Then, I ordered vegetarian Sunday roast that consisted basically of one deep fried sad ‘croquette’ (I wasn’t even able to eat it) plus the 
We chose this curry house based on great reviews and close proximity to the Hammersmith Apollo but we were very disappointed. The poppadoms were covered in this horrible spice powder which went up my nose and made me sneeze. The onion Bhajis were very salty but ok. Our main meals were weird tasting, runny soupy sauce and more of the nasty spice powder covered the salad on the side. It was not to our taste at all. We paid nearly 70 pounds just for two of us and left feeling like it had ruined our night. 
As locals, we wanted to try out MATP.  
Got sat down fairly quickly by Christina, who also happened to be our server. She took around 10 minutes to serve us and then another 15 minutes to my bring glass of wine. No check back was done for our starters as they came cold and they didn’t give us time to finish them before our mains arrived. Overall not happy with the service. Very slow overall and the food was not up to standard.  
I really like Bill’s and I visit many times during business lunches in the city usually. This time I was in Richmond. The food was ok, but arrived cold. We raised that issue politely with the manager hoping she would just promptly change it for us. Unfortunately that was not the case. I felt embarrassed as we were having business meeting. Manager, think her name was Alice was quite rude and end up questioning our breakfast and its temperature, so we just gave up. Enjoyed the coffee instead and left paying even service charge in full as really did not feel like wasting more of our time to discuss why we are disappointed with the breakfast this time. Sad, as was expecting much better customer service at Bill’s. 
We went with friends for dinner this week. We had carpaccio and squid for starters, which were very nice. Two of us had fillet steak, and two had rib eye- which was full of fat, and our friend hardly touched his. The fillet was nice. The beef dripping chips were amazing, the triple cooked not so much. At nearly £100 a head with a big service charge added I really wouldn't rush back.  
My partner and I went for breakfast last weekend, having been to Bill’s many times before, in many different locations (Southampton, Bath, Windsor etc.).  
£8.50 for avocado on toast? Are you serious?!!  
Been to this great little neighbourhood pub many times before when in Windsor with friends. This was cup final day so thought it would be really busy but it wasn't.  
The service was great (but at an automatically applied 12.5% I would be annoyed if it was n't) and the staff friendly. 
Been to Maurizio Barca quite a few times and food was consistently good. Gave the establishment a 5 star rating when they opened, so you might be wondering why revisiting with another review and a 2 stars rating. I am so extremely disappointed and even though food was ok last time I checked, something intrinsically wrong was happening. This is a new restaurant and when it opened, they wanted to make sure customers were happy and I was one of those happy customers, so I became a loyal customer. But the first signs of something not quite right popped up and alarm bells started ringing. The food on the plate has shrunk unreasonably, across the menu. Some of their most popular dishes got 20% smaller (or more). As an example, their lovely tiramisu got so small, it became absurd to pay £5.50 for a slice, it is ultimately disrespectful. This is what management decided was the right thing to do (the decision came together with a replacement of some of their best key staff so there must be some correlation here) and before you know it, this always leads to service degradation, to lowering food quality and ultimately to cutting corners on all levels. It is surprising for a restaurant that opened just some months ago to take these kind of decisions. Sorry, Maurizio Barca, I don't want to witness how you go down miserably. You lost a loyal customer. 
I’m Italian and this used to be my favourite pizza! Fresh and great quality ingredients. I live in the neighbourhood and used to order the buffalo mozzarella pizza to take away almost once a week. Unfortunately, it seems that since January something has changed and the pizza I get is always half burnt. Not sure why. The Tiramisù is always very good. 
This Windsor steakhouse came highly recommended and we couldn't wait to try it out for ourselves. Decor was spot on and the service team were excellent, then came the meal. We opted for the Sunday roast for 2. Served up was a Good Yorkshire pudding and a fair portion of Vegetables. The heart of the meal was the 500g rib of beef medium cooked, perfect!!! what we received was dehydrated and mostly fat and sinew which left us chewing on tough meat. Certainly not what we expected for the price, I'm hoping this experience was a one off as we really wanted to love this stand out steakhouse in our local area.  
We have been going here for a while and on a weekly basis and previously the food was good. 
Visited last Saturday evening. Ordered Bill's Wellington (vegetarian) with mash and broccoli. The Wellington was fine, not big but hot and flavoursome. However, the mash and vegetables were only just warm as was the plate. I don't class 2 pieces of sprouting broccoli and a dessertspoon size bit of mash a serving. Should have sent it back but didn't, just won't go there again, and declined their automatic addition of a service charge. Waiter asked why, told him above, paid the bill and left. 
Great food and drinks,lovely staff all wearing masks and visers,the pub was very clean lots of access to hand sanitiser around the pub. Only down fall was the manager who was very patronizing to group of 7 ( we were sitting on two separate tables of 4 and 3 people and we were told we weren't not allowed to bring the table together for health and safety which completely understood.) However the manager kept on reminding us about social distancing rules of the pub, as if we were children in primary school. I understand you need to tell us, health and safety policies, but once is enough. We hadn't even ordered our food or drinks, and manager was telling us, about other pubs which had been closed down in the local area for not following the rules, he didn't want this to happen to this pub so could we follow the rules! Then abit later into the evening the manager told us, we couldn't order anymore drinks and people were waiting for table, which is very understandable. However there were lots of tables free inside and outside and no one was waiting. He told us we were only allowed 90 minutes in pub. However when we pre booked our tables they told us, there was no time frame. Again the swan and bottle had lovely food and cocktails, very friendly staff, just a very patronizing manager who was very belittling. 
There were 13 of us for a family gathering. 
Understandably obsessed with allergies but that shouldn't mean make everyone's food bland and tasteless. 
I'd read the reviews on tripadvisor and thought we would have a deliveroo home delivery. When everything arrived it was hard to tell the dishes apart..the dhal,Chana masala, brinjal, prawn, chicken etc etc were all red and topped with an oil slick. I've never had Indian food like it. There was a lack of seasoning and spice. The chicken vindaloo was mild. Won't be ordering again. 
I went with my son 32 and daughter 24 to this restaurant for the first and last time. We found a sullen gentleman greet us at the entrance, no smile, nor hello just wanted to know if we had a reservation. The reserved tables did not get taken all the time we were there and which made us believe it was said to impress. The food mediocre, service okay, but the prices did not at all justify the quality nor taste value of food we were served. I believe the restaurant can only get away with the over pricing, as the location is in an affluent London suburb. Our bill was £110 including a bottle of wine and 12.5% service charge. The ambiance was nothing special, with no atmosphere to speak about. It could easily have been a £10 per head establishment, but as I have said based in Hammersmith, the prices have been inflated without any justification. Finally I did not appreciate the toilet facility with a bag of sand left in a bucket! 
We've eaten here a number of times over a couple of years. The food, initially was amazing and justified their ratings. Sadly, I feel it's very much lost its way. On one occasion we waited for over an hour for mains and, after a bit of debate, the manager accepted that the kitchen had simply collapsed under the weight of takeaway orders. We gave them a few months then went back, booking a table out front on a lovely summer evening. We arrived (early) to see they had just seated someone else at our booked table. When we pointed that out, they simply turfed them off and gave it to us. Funnily enough, the others walked away...slightly awkward. The food then took ages, and was a long way off what it used to be. Sorry, but they need to go back to basics! 
We had a party of 5 booked for a family birthday meal on a Monday steak night, was disappointed with the menu regarding steaks for a steak night, where is the rump, sirloin, filet options?? We ended up having the medallions which although nice would have preferred other options. My friend is a vegetarian and their was only one option on the main menu for her which is very disappointing for a popular gastropub and this is something the Three Oaks need to urgently address. We agreed the dessert selection was the best part of the meal, so on reflection the main meals were disappointing and expensive so feel we won;t be back. 
I want to love Bills in Richmond - I really do. It's in a wonderful location and some of the staff are delightful. Lunch here today so I go with trusty favourite, fish pie. This is always a winner. Friend orders large salad with dressing on side except no side dressing arrives - on request. Also, am suspect of their juices. Ordered carrot, apple and ginger. Did not taste fresh at all. Suspect out of pack from central office. Please Bills just offer fresh! Friend ordered healthy green concoction which waiting staff managed to spill on her coat in haste. The problem in Richmond is that rent and rates mean that only high street chains can survive here. It's a shame. MEH. 
The bar service is atrocious. Waited at least 10minutes for every round. How can you run a bar with only one member of staff!! We are regulars here and know what to expect but really it’s just not good enough. God knows what’s going to happen when Scott, the manager leaves in a couple of weeks.  
We visited before a gig and were looking forward to a nice meal based on previous reviews, we were sadly disappointed.  
We went into this place short after opening, as living in Windsor, we were actually looking for a good nice steakhouse, and were excited that a place like this will be opened.  
Just a disaster. Waited over an hour for our dinner and when it arrived it was very poor. Staff were nice. Just very slow and food was dry, over cooked & just poor. Won’t be going back. They did refund the food bill after we complained and the staff were all lovely but just not acceptable.  
We went to The Meat tonight for dinner with our very close friends. The Restaurant was lovely on arrival and we were seated straight away. BUT the steak were not explained to us. We wanted to order rump steak to be told they did not have any nor did they have the Porterhouse Steak. A Steak house that does not have Rump steak. NOT GOOD. We ordered what we could and once arrived what we ordered we lovely. Although I shared a chateaubriand with my friend and there was not enough watercress for one let alone 2 and only 3 cherry tomatoes to share. For £65 with no fries or salad I feel this is very expensive. What we had tasted very nice but could have got just as good 2 doors away for less. Had a lovely evening with friends but will not be returning. 
Visited this restuarant on Sunday evening with some friends. Loved the decor of the restuarant, and the attentiveness of the staff. The food was average for the price we paid. £7 for a basket of poppadoms and chutneys. The chutneys were the already on the table when we arrived. We have never paid so much for poppadoms, not even in Michelin star Indian restuarant. The mixed grill was cold when it arrived. Chicken handi was ok, lacked depth of flavour. The vegetarian kofta was very good, the tarka dal average and the breads lukewarm and tough. Overall I wouldn't visit again. 
I was quite excited about trying this restaurant after reading the reviews. Unfortunately it did not live up to our expectations.  
Had to wait 45 mins for table , then another half an hour to get drinks and starter. No atmosphere and no communication from staff. Took over 3 hours to complete our meal which was very average. Very disappointing visit won’t be going back. 
I booked this restaurant for my birthday last weekend. Second time going. First time was a bit erratic, not very busy but had nice food in the end. Unfortunately this time I thought the gentleman who was serving a bit rude. I chose a quite simple regular pasta dish from the menu, was told that wasn't available as it wasn't on the "new" menu, was asked if I could have the new menu, told there wasn't one available, not quite sure what that means? He tried to get my friend to order as I was still thinking, she said no please come back in a few minutes and we will order together. Really wasn't impressed with his attitude. We ended up leaving the restaurant which was a shame as we need a good Italian restaurant in Purley. Food was great the first time I went, won't criticise that, however customer service could do with improving. I realise they were busy but get more staff if you have the need for it. 
We went to bills to have breakfast and were very disappointed with the service and the quality of food. The breakfast was bland, the bacon was undercooked and the quality of the ingredients was very poor as well. We wished we’d gone somewhere else.  
The girls from work booked a Christmas meal here for us to get together as I’d been off work on jury service. I arrived having rushed from the Old Bailey to a extremely poor lit car park (in fact it was so dark it was unnerving for a lone female). We enjoyed a very pleasant meal but I was shocked to learn at the end of it that the car park was pay and display when my friends handed in their tickets to the waitress. Furthermore I am now appalled to discover that 3 out of the 6 of us have received parking fines!!! (£100 each/£60 each if paid early) To think I came away feeling that I’d return/recommend this pub restaurant in the future, when it clearly rips off genuine paying customers! 
I booked online through OpenTable at 7:15pm for a table at 8:00 and got a confirmation email. I was pleased because I've been before, liked it and I thought they might have been full. But I got a reservation email confirming it. 
We have been coming to the Swan & Bottle for our Christmas friends get together for several years, and we were looking forward to seeing the pub after it's recent refurbishment. We were so disappointed!  
Nice starters teed us up for the mains. Disaster - three of the four mains were seriously undercooked bream. Although obvious, it was questioned whether we were sure, they were then removed, recooked, replated and returned. The fourth dish - vegetarian fregula pasta was also disappointing. An unfortunate experience and also unusual for this establishment. 
Overpriced and underwhelming unfortunately. We were charmed in by their cute efforts at witty billboards but that charm evaporated when we saw the bill for a small dinner that didn't include drinks and in which the meat dishes consisted mostly of inedible bone. Food itself was ok but certainly nothing to return for.  
Poor service, no milk.pastry of pie very hard. At least we had our bill reduced. Staff had to go to the shops! 
I took my parents along to The Three Oaks to celebrate their 55th Wedding Anniversary. 
We book at 20h for 21h15 me and my girlfriend and be back at 21h, 15 minutes early. Diego really good young waiter looking after us, young but really professional and nice. He offer us some truffle popcorn and fresh bread. We enjoy it with fresh oyster and starters but after a really unprofessional "manager" put us on hurry and stick on us back she was really unprofessional and another good waitress come but was destabilise with this manager straight away.. I feel sad because this place is unreal, unreal without this unprofessional "manager". I hope they gone make a quick change and I wish all the best for there future because the food and waiter was unreal only that manager destroyed my night.. 
Disappointed with meal, looks great on menu but no presentation at all when bought to table, even the crockery had seen better days. 
Nice pub, Sunday lunch, lamb was very unforgettable (deffo Brakes) , thinly sliced with no taste at all , did not taste of lamb , rest of dinner was ok ...can’t see us going back . 
Thought it would be lovely to have lunch outside whilst we were staying in the area. It was a very hot day and there was very few parasols. The are fixed and couldn't be moved, so we were in the blazing sun. Sadly we left so cannot comment on the food. Although I would say that the staff were not very helpful. Maybe just a hot sticky day for everone. 
Sunday evening, the small and cold room was for more than half empty. 
We stopped here for a bite to eat and a drink and ordered a sharing platter with a side of calamari. If you look at the image of the plate of the latter and wonder why the plate looks half eaten and where the rest is, you’ll be reacting the same as we did when it was served to us complete with the dip in a polystyrene cup! We felt £6.49 for three rings of calamari served like that was a joke and the paltry sharing platter for £14 too. The manager did come over swiftly and listened to our feedback and a full refund was promptly actioned. However, the powers that be at head office were blamed as the staff at this pub are merely following their menu guidance apparently. Come on guys - think for yourselves and look at what you are serving - and the presentation of it - for the prices you charge! It was a real disappointment as otherwise it’s a decent place and the staff are friendly in the main. 
Came here with a large group this evening. General consensus was that both the pizza and pasta was poorly seasoned and generally lacking in taste. The black haired waitress with the lip piercing was particularly rude throughout our meal, making us quite uncomfortable by placing food in front of us and aggressively saying “thank you!” before we could say anything, even though our party was pleasant to staff throughout. The decor, atmosphere and price were great, but what is a restaurant if the food and staff aren’t up to standard? If it wasn’t for the other two lovely staff who served our table (young man with arm tattoo and lady who was working as cover) we would have removed service charge - we will unfortunately not be coming back. 
I was visiting the restaurant for lunch, as part of helping restaurants with the Eat Out option. 
Visited with friends for Brunch, staff are friendly but they are unable to cope when busy. Brunch was lukewarm, mentioned this to a member of staff who said he would speak to the kitchen. Nothing was done and the member of staff we spoke to avoided coming back to our table. 
We booked a table of ten in advance and we're pleased to receive an email confirming such in a back room. 
I visited this restaurant for the first time on Saturday early evening. After leaving the restaurant I regretted staying. Firstly, they appeared to have taken no attempt to keep both the customers and staff safe around the risks of COVID19. There was no staff wearing a face covering/mask or visor. The staff also made no attempt were far too close to us and made no attempt to social distance, when taking our order. Also, the food was nothing special for how expensive it was.  
My husband had gone to a lot of effort to book The Three Oaks on 14 th February ! 
We went there a few weeks ago for a show at the Apollo with an hour and half to spend before the show, thought that would have been plenty of time. The restaurant was full, it took ages to get a menu but we presumed the food would come out quickly so it wouldn't be a problem. Mistake! We were left with exactly 10 minutes to have our dinner and run to the Apollo. They can't cope with a full restaurant pre show.  
We went to Bills in Richmond today for lunch at around 12.30. We left at around 3.30 as we had to wait so long for service. Of three of us, one ordered a starter only and the others a main course. The starter arrived quite quickly but the person wasn't asked if she would like her food with the main course. We then waited over an hour before our main course was served. Although it was busy at least two tables near us came in after us and had finished their meals before a manager even realised that we hadn't been served. He came and apologised and offered us free desserts. Our main courses were cleared away and we then waited over 30 minutes before our dessert order was taken. When our bill came, desserts were charged for and although they were removed we were still charged the 12.5% service charge. Appalling service 
A trip here with my friend for her birthday left us happy with the service. She ordered her trustworthy Ribs, which she enjoyed! I ordered the Veggie Enchilada with Mexican Rice, which was probably the most disappointing meal I’ve ever ordered. I would never recommend this dish which resembled a de-frosted Ready meal, with more rich tomato sauce than beans, soggy tortilla and sickly amount of salt running throughout the meal. As for the rice, rubbery, microwaved and flavourless! 
My friend and I went there last week after work and what a disappointment that's was! First of all we were greeted by signs of parking charges. I don't usually carry any change on me so had to pay for parking a car by phone, which took 10 minutes and then I was told it will not be refunded because they only give money back if you pay by cash! I paid £3.40 for 2 hours. My friend had only enough change to pay for an hour of parking so we had to rush drinking and eating. We ordered a share platter for £13.99 which contained mainly bread! I went to complain to manager about the parking and food and he was very defensive . At no point I was given apologies . Very dissapointed with the whole experiance and we won't be coming back. 
Service was slow, food was incredibly bland. Several dishes were sent back but even the replaced dishes were equally poor. The pizza dough was great but it was undercooked which was a shame. Pasta dishes were terrible. Small and uncomfortable seats and tables.  
Well a last minute decision to go for pizza was probably the wrong one. We scoured the internet for a good traditional local pizza restaurant and booked Acquolina. On arrival we were seated at the back of the restaurant with a rocky table and a fly on the napkin. After changing napkins with the table behind we went for starters and pizza with a glass of wine. The bruschetta turned out to be a slightly toasted slice of bread with some chopped up mozzarella and tomatoes. The white wine was a disturbingly dark colour with a strange taste. Pizza arrived and was actually very good, great base and full of toppings however it was tepid to say the least. My wife went for the tiramisu which liquid consistency left a lot to be desired. Throughout the evening people were going in and out of the office, next to our table, which detracted from the atmosphere. The shame of it was that the pizza could frankly of been excellent if it was just warm. If you do go just order the pizza and have a beer. 
Spur of the moment Sunday brunch, I wanted Cote, daughter wanted Bill's (50 yards apart). Very busy, but table available. 3 Bill's breakfasts, looks great except............ 
Not a great first visit. Only two tables there and it took us 2h and 45 minutes to have lunch! Everyone else's food seemed to arrive way before ours. Waiters seem to run away from you so you can't ask anything. Most of the times we were ignored while they hid behind the bar/kitchen area. 
Met friends for a late lunch and we were all very disappointed with the food, sadly not for the first time either. Two of us Chose the lasagne from the main menu and when served it was accompanied by garlic bread and a dried out salad garnish. The lasagne was a dish of soggy mushy over cooked pasta which neither of us ate. The gourmet burgers chosen by our partners were also average, at best. Two hours after we had “finished” our meals the plates were still on the table. There were other tables also long since vacated which had not been cleared either! We shall not return again for food, the staff are very pleasant but they really need to sort out the kitchen or change food supplier.  
Visited this restaurant with a few friends for my burthday dinner. The worst service Ive ever experienced. A blonde waitress made rude remarks and faces the entire night. A few friends were running a bit late and was rudely told my the waitress that we had two hours which were well aware of. Felt neglected for most of the night after the meal. No one checked if we wanted the bill but we could tell that the blonde waitress waa complaining about us to the manager. Food was average. Steak was overcooked but at that point I didnt want to send it back as it would mean having another passive aggressive conversation with the waitress. Service completely ruined my birthday meal. When she finally brought round the bill we chose ot pay separately to which she responded but you cant pay service if u pay separately. Very checky I thought considering the way she treated us that night. All in all a very uncomfortable evening and I will not be returning. 
Have heard about this chain and always had mixed reviews. Unfortunately everything in Richmond was busy on a Saturday night. Food here is what I describe as eclectic. But our main of gnocchi and macaroni cheese were underwhelming. However great service. Don't think we'll be rushing back  
Very disappointing, my local Thai and wanted it to be good,started with Thai sausage dish which consisted of a chopped up sausage , piece of iceberg lettuce and some very large chunks of Thai chilli and very large pieces of ginger. Grilled prawns were the same ones in pad Thai only with dipping sauce for nearly £13.00. Green curry with chicken consisted of tinned bamboo slices under cooked aubergine and over cooked chicken breast.  
Reviews that I had read, can’t be the same restaurant! We looked forward to our meal. And a good collective menu, how can you go wrong.  
Took 45 minutes before starter came, wasn’t even really busy, very nearly went elsewhere. Foods nice but what a wait! 
Had to wait ages for food. When it arrived: burger was dry; chips were over-seasoned. No competition for restaurants in town. 
You get a feeling of a chain restaurant when you walk in. Nice and clean restaurant area though the toilets need some attention as they were smelly and not working well. Food was ok, though I have had better else where. The place had potential 
Have previously been here a few times and have enjoyed the food. This time I visited with friends on a Friday afternoon to enjoy the sunshine in their lovely garden.  
Food is acceptable, what you expect for the price. Interior is well furnished and quite a nice decor. The staff on the otherhand are not too great.  
Not what I expected after reading the reviews. The waitress was very passive aggressive and trying to hurry us up like we were in the way. 5 Pounds for a bit of rocket what a joke. The steaks were cooked reasonably well but not as good as I had hoped. 
I am a local & tried this Indian for the first time.  
You don't expect great food at Bills, you expect it to be average - and it was. Just about. But - and if I ran Bills I would want to know this - the service was appalling. 45 minutes for a starter and another 45 minutes for the main course. Waitresses tried to deliver the wrong order to us 3 times - perhaps in an attempt to break the monotony. It was the only restaurant in Richmond with places on Bank Holiday Monday. Now we know why. 
Had burger meal, fried egg was rock solid, burger burnt to a crisp, in these 
You don't really expect great food at Bills, you expect it to be average. And it was. But - if I ran Bills I would want to know this - the service was terrible, 45 minutes for a starter to arrive and another 45 for the main course. It was the only place we could get into on Bank Holiday Monday. I now understand why. 
Style over content. Really dissapointed. Mac n cheese was lovely, everything else had indistinguishable fairly bland flavours. The most average mezze ever tasted. Wines are quite pricey but do not taste high quality. Won't be back with so much choice in town. 
I've been here after reading good reviews about their food, so I reserved a table on a Saturday night with my wife. 
I’ve tried to avoid coming here but a group of friends booked it up. After waiting 25 minutes for a drink and 50 minute for the bill, it just takes far to long to have a nice meal out. In fairness, the food was ok.  
We ordered two Hedgerow Fizz cocktails, they contained too much elder flower cordial and were far too sweet. 
I visited for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon with my Dad. He’s a chef so we don’t frequent any old place as he has quite a high standard. (He’s a food snob)Having visited in the summer I had promised a good meal. I was so wrong.  
In fairness the staff were very pleasant and when we said our pizza was doughy and the carbonara pasta not the best they apologised and replaced them but sadly still lacked flavour on both dishes. Wouldn’t return but they did try  
I took my friend and her 2 year old here for dinner on a wednesday evening. booked a table at 7.30pm. we arrived early buy was seated anyway as there was lots of tables free in the dining area. A waitress took our drinks order or claimed it was her first day to excuse her little knowledge to questions we asked about the menu, children's menu and questions about the wedneaday £10 burger and drink deal. 
waited far too long to get served and between courses. Our waiter failed to take the proper order or action any requests (eg request for cheese). He was happy to give the chit-chat but failed miserably on delivery. Well below my expectation. 
Very nice food but very limited menu, if you like a couple of pizza,s it,s fine. Had to try it as it was recently opened but will be a long time before i go back. Found it hard to find anything i wanted on the menu. 
We had been here few times before and the food and service has been good. Unfortunately this time it wasn't up to expectations. 
the place has changed beyond recognition since i was last here, as expected. 
We had lunch at this restaurant. Service was impeccable. I have zero complaints. Some of the appetizers were good, but I have to grade this trip on what I ate, which was the burger. I asked if I could get it medium rare, and I was told no, but it didn't matter because they used "special" English beef that meant it would be moist. 
You have to check your bill as they add items on you haven’t had. Food ok. Menu is worded in such a way as to not reflect accurately what you get e.g. Hot smoked salmon is actually cold smoked salmon. Good service, staff friendly.  
ordered poppadoms - got 'mini poppadoms' - they were salty crisps with dips straight out of a jar. The naan's were disappointing - flat a bland (also from a packet?). 
menu is muddled. Nice starter of the terrine but the mains encountered (as I think this is the best description I can give) were over seasoned or somewhat bland. 
great food/service but the 'allergy book' was just that - a book that the cook may not have been aware of. just with the ambulance crew as i write this who advised me to warn the other users. an oreo cheesecake was supposed to be egg free but has caused a massive reaction in my young son. and could be life threatening for others with higher sensitivity. so watch out. 
This was our Christmas Eve dinner. Although it wasn't that busy, the staff were inattentive. The food was disappointing. We have been to other Bills restaurants so it was interesting to see how different the quality of the food was. I ordered the ribs and they were undercooked and had no sauce. I usually enjoy Bills ribs but sadly not on this occasion. The water at the table was not refilled until we requested this and the sticky toffee dessert was inedible. Thankfully they didn't charge for the dessert. None of our group raved about the food. Disappointing.  
Only taken an hour to get our food is that normal????  
4 of us visited the place on a sunday for lunch and by the time we were done, it was 5 in the evening! 
I visited this place about a month ago with my wife and two children. Having read the reviews online I was really looking forward to a close to michelin star experience – I got it badly wrong. As soon as we entered the premises it was clear we weren't very welcome. The waiter took us to our table, which was tucked away in cold dark corner of the pub. Anyway we continued to order as we had made the journey and were looking forward to some quality food. Upon speaking to the waiter he was not very helpful at all, he just looked bored and tired. We ordered from the set menu. The food was very average and nothing outstanding, portions were tiny and the deserts were frankly horrid. The bread at the start was the best part of the meal. The most shocking part of the service was that not once did the waiter clear our table. So through our entire meal we all sat there with breadcrumbs on our table. Even in the most crappiest of curry houses, they would clear your table at each course. The waiter made us feel very low class as if we were not good enough to eat there. I would not recommend this place to anyone. 
Had a recent lunch - I had a ploughman's - 2 large pickled onions, were inedible - stated beetroot pickle - looked and tasted like a cheap version of branstons. The bread tasted like it was yesterdays. My friend had a prawn majo jacket potatoe and said it was largely inedible, the jacket looked and tasted like it had been cooked the day before, the salad looked tired. 
A lovely restuarant with great ambiance and attentive staff but the food was awful from the set menu, certainly did not live up to expectations as described on menu. 
This was just an all-round odd experience. We walked in and the waitresses looked at us as if we had three heads, not looking to seat us. The manager or owner rushed over and sat us at a round table, which was set up really nicely. 
At £13.50 for a pork roast, they definitely put quantity before quality - four stodgy Yorkshire puddings, a chunk of pork belly with "crackling" so chewy the dog struggled to eat it, watery gravy and veggies that were only partly defrosted. It is a real shame because the Alma actually has a great pub atmosphere, friendly dog, huge beer garden and a good drink selection. And I wish I could say it was a one off, but every time we eat there it is an expensive disappointment. 
Had dinner here with a friend, and a drink. The rose’ was served quite warm - I was expecting them to have some ice but no, they didn’t. It was a nice wine to drink, but not served warm. 
My husband and I have a tradition of trying different places for Sunday Roast each week. This was the worst we have eaten in Windsor. The roast beef and the lamb were quite obviously reheated and overcooked. Yorkshire puddings and potatoes were scorched. Very few vegetables came with the meal. The veg were decent, but only 3 small carrots, a dab of brocolli and what we think was a fried parsnip. 
I visited the restaurant based on the high reviews on TA. 
I'm not one for doing too many bad reviews, as my previous posts will show, but I cannot let the terrible service we received at the weekend past. 
We had to wait 45 minutes for our puddings ,we complained and were told they were short staffed and we were not charged for them. 
The Alma was brilliant before it was taken over, it was known for it's super large portions with most being lucky if you could finish it, now you have a more complicated menu and also having to also choose small or large. I would rather pay one price and know it's going to be large even if I can't finish it, that was what made the the Alma 'The Alma'. I went in with friends since the take over for breakfast, we were in there from 10:30am till 12:30pm and not another customer was in there, I've never seen that before and still it took over 35 minutes for any ones breakfast to appear! 
Waited well over an hour for a cheese and chutney sandwich in a pub that was half full. In fact, I'm still waiting. Ok selection of beers but nothing special. 
Stopped in at Bill's yesterday afternoon for a quiet, Tuesday afternoon lunch. 
Last night me and my girlfriend visited steak in the green Ealing. We thought the scenery of the restaurant was very nice so we decided to go dinner as we love steak. We had often gone Into the buildings previous establishment. Bobs cafe, and we were quite happy being served by someone who had served us before. Our waiter previously worked at bobs cafe and was very polite and attentive. I did not mention anything wrong with the food as I find in impolite and I don't like to wait longer for food. 
Loud restaurant (and not in the good way with poor acoustics, lots of noise and loud music), good service but terrible food. Would avoid. 
Visited for anniversary dinner 20/07/16. Food was very poor. Calamari starter looked & tasted unappetising - fairly sure this was not fresh, looked like something from Iceland. Mini sausages starter was ok. Ribs main very disappointing & Beef Stew main salty. Both desserts certainly no better than average. 
I met various family members for Sunday lunch at The Alma, which a friend had recommended. The choice of soft drinks was pretty dismal, the Coke was flat, the requested water was forgotten. When our order for food was taken at our table by the helpful manager/owner, we were told that drinks had to be ordered at the bar. Why? The manager was good but the other staff were still asleep. The food took a long time to arrive and condiments and stuffing came somewhat later without a spoon to serve them. It was a carb fest; there were masses of roast pots and 3 yorkshire puds (one of mine was still cold in the middle from the freezer) and the meat was ok but the veg was inedible. Carrots were pre-peeled and cut from Brake Bros and both these and the broccoli tasted of chemicals and had perhaps had 30 seconds in the microwave. I love veg but both were seriously undercooked. The gravy was flavourless. All for £13.50 - NOT good value. 
We were going to just have a drink but decided to eat aswell. Only ordered burgers but Jason wanted a side as he likes his veggies. New on the menu, wilted spinach with roasted almonds, £2.95..... WELL whtat came out was about 20p worth of mushy oily? spinach with NO almonds at all. We complained about the portion only to be told they have to weigh everything!! ridiculous. We sent the spinach back for a refund. The pictures really dont show the piddly little size of the dish. 
Tried to book on line for that evening - followed instruction for a callback - I was called back 24 hours later! 
A regular visitor to the Ethorpe GX which is another Chef & Brewer restaurant so thought we would try here for a change, being Sunday the restaurant was very busy but got seated and served quickly. I had the roast beef and my friend had the vegetarian nut roast, i found the beef quite tough, fatty and not very hot, was going to send it back but as my partners dinner was fine so decided not to complain. a table next to us had steak which looked quite good so perhaps i should have had that, i would come back again but not for the roast dinners, shame as the rest of the meal was ok 
lovely restaurant but don't go if you are hungry !starters so small wouldn't feed a 2 yr old 2 parsnips ordered as a side £7.80 and puddings only 2 slivers of pear very overpriced had to wait for drinks will not be returning  
Poor service with disgruntled waitress seemingly peeved at being asked about food availability having been told by bar staff none available and watching several patrons being served food having come in after us. 
Been here a few times it started off a good restaurant but it gone down hill the roast was awful service poor- won’t be coming back again  
Very nice venue and well presented. Staff friendly. I too have passed and wanted to give a try as looks a bit different as it stands on its own on a busy road. It has changed hands a couple of times, so I thought as this one has lasted longer than a lot of its predecessors needed to give a go. However, I personally would not recommend. The menu, prices and food looked good. However, as they say the proof is in the eating. The food was not up to scratch, lacked flavour - including virtually no garlic on the garlic bread. You can buy their home made salad dressing, but trying it I can only liken it to pickled onion vinegar. 
I ordered a Pint of Doombar and I was served a pint that wasn't quite near the top. I asked the Bar Staff to add some more so it would reach the required level and they brought it back, but banged it on the work surface, which spilled a load out. I was not amused !! 
As a local I was excited to try this new local independent restaurant with my 2 kids and disabled mother. 
We visited this restaurant on Saturday and unfortunatly was extremely disappointed, the owners and the waiter were very nice and attentive and the surroundings are pleasent however not over-flowing with atmosphere. 
Booed into Bills in Richmond with the Kids in tow, we have eaten at 3 other Bills in the past 12 mths and like the feel of the restaurants. The main issue with this visit was the quality and temperature of the food - and the fact that our main dishes were served at random, they managed to deliver a pasta main course for my daughter (She asked for Ribs), my wifes ribs were served luke warm and my steak was apparently a 28 day aged rib-eye but looked like a sirloin and I may be wrong but I suspect it had been cooked earlier and reheated, it was cold in the middle. It was a very poor steak indeed.  
I have only dined at this particular Bill's once, but was previously a huge Bill's fan dining at their other restaurants regularly. 
Food average in a nice pub like setting but rather spoilt by slow, indifferent service even when the restaurant was not busy. Only two serving staff was not enough! It felt like front of house needs to up its game a bit, the kitchen needs to look at service order as we could see tables getting food before us who had ordered after us.  
We have been coming to the Runnymede for some 20 years and ventured here for a last minute Sunday meal. Upon entering, the manager very brashly told us that only hotel guests were allowed, and had we been there before. She then allowed us a table in the outside area, which we were rushed onto and hurried into placing an order. I was worried they were closing a the kitchen with this rush, but there were more guests arriving. 
This is a review of their takeaway. The food is very good. But the bill was more than expected and its now very expensive. The lady told me the prices on the menu you see online are very out of date. There was no apology, and they were pretty dismissive - apparently the website has been out of date for years! I left feeling ripped off. A shame because like I say the food is good but there are lots of good Turkish restaurants and I wont be going back to Gezi Park. 
I have previously ordered from here and it was just ok, but noticed the babaganoush was mostly yoghurt (cheap) and v little aubergine (more expensive ingredient). We decided to give it one more try and ordered a shish kebab with rice, some falafel, some tabule and bread and it came to £30, which seems excessive. On impulse we bought baklava when collecting the take away too - £3 for 3 tiny pieces (the foil tray is an extra small one). Feels like a waste of money and won’t be coming back. 
If you have any anxiety to covid 19, this is not the restaurant for you as this restaurant is not complying to government rules. 
Distinctly average  
Having visited Bill's in Lewes and Brighton several times I was expecting the same from Richmond. I had the veggie breakfast, as I have ordered this previously and loved it. However the portion was small with as barely noticeable scrape of houmous and guacamole. An enormous let down from previous experiences.  
Very expensive restaurant. Medium quality food. They charge for Service charge. I don’t recommend. . 
Total disappointment. Food bland, no seasoning, poor quality meat and served cold, not to mention we were turned away as the table was not ready even though we turned up on time. For a prime location the quality of the food was dreadful and to be honest would never return again!!!  
I went to this place with colleagues one evening as it was close to work. The pub is just off the canal and would be great to have a pint in summer.  
disappointing food my lamb shank tasted boiled rather then oven cooked swimming in an acidic sauce soggy potatoes im sure it had been cooked earlier and microwaved . I did ask and answer was no ..friends fish she said was ok the other two said food was dry no one finished their meal .we had wine and other drinks I feel overpriced for the quality of the food,and the drinks probably priced same as other restaurants.. theres a good choice in Wanstead. i will avoid this place in future although the staff were good and no complaints about them .disappointing experience 
First visit to the Westfield restaurant during lunchtime. Pleasant enrironment. Clean premises. We ordered a paella and were told that this would take approximately 20-25 minutes to prepare. After 10 minutes the meal arrived. Unfortunately, this looked like burnt-offering. The rise at the bottom of the dish was barely cooked, whilst the top was overcooked. The topping should have consisted of various seaffod and pieces of chicken. In reality, the dish contained 4 small mussels and 2 very small pieces of chicken. On the whole the meal was without the usual flavours you expect from a paella. Not a good experience 
I have now visited this place twice in the last few weeks, it is in a lovely location for walking. 
Have been here many times - food is not the best, but I like the atmosphere and bar set up. Food is clearly not fresh and all microwaved. I would only recommend for drinks - the G n Ts are fantastic. 
The pub was completely renovated some years ago and it is wonderfully located by the river. We went on Saturday night and it was crowded and noisy. The pub seems to become yet another overpriced gastropub totally lacking in character and atmosphere. We had a beef burger (overcooked and tasteless) and a crabacado (not particularly tasty). The staff is not well organised and the service is slow. We visited the City Barge before the renovation and it was a quirky and charming local pub, now it has been transformed in another anonymous restaurant.  
I 've walked in front of this restaurant few times and today I finally choose to walk in. As soon as I walked in I was welcomed from a waitress, saying that the restaurant was closed. It was 9:45pm and the restaurant was still serving food, plus it say at the door that they close at 11pm. I believe that one hour and 15 minutes is plenty of time to have dinner. Maybe the waitress just wanted to finish earlier. 
Red Peppers in Esher high Street is a 10 -15 minute walk from Esher Station. I have been coming here about twice a month since it opened so that is about 200 visits. Most if not all have been with my son who commented that today was the worst lunch he has ever had there. Now Red Peppers ribs are normally simply the best of any restaurant I have been to. Today the first offering was dried up and almost inedible. And the second offering was not much better. Do they have a new chef? Are the ribs of a cheaper quality in order to improve profits? My son loves a Milano pizza. And normally they are tremendous here. But not today where the base was soggy and the topping oily. The only offering worthy of its name was the rosemary fries. It is hard work to build a reputation for excellence and so easy to lose it. We would hate not to be able to enjoy our regular visits to RP but something has to change. We will come again, but as my son said, 'two strikes and they are out'. Also missed the regular staff who have such a cheery disposition. Today was totally devoid of any smiles or meaningful interaction. That's poor. Time to take some action here as otherwise it's a downhill struggle. 
Me and my cousin ordered the vegetarian tapas menu to share. We felt very dissatisfied with the food, the only thing that was tasteful was the spanish omelette. Aubergine in dark brown sugar was not a good combo. Food was just not authentic tapas. The tropical sangria agian also not authentic and was too sweet.  
So I live close by to this little village pub and it's got the most amazing setting in the village and is just next to a lovely church the pub it's self is full of history and is very nice inside however I would not recommend the food it was a little blain and as with a few pubs now a little over priced for what it is this pub is worth the vist for the location of being close into Windsor but there better places for food  
I will keep this brief as I don’t really have much to say about it apart from being generally rather disappointed  
first they have a very poor selection of tapas comparing to other real tapas restaurants,practically you have very few to choose from 
We have been to this restaurant several times and had the Brasserie menu and the Sunday dinner even to a couple of weddings, so we thought we would try the a la carte. This was very disappointing the food was okay but not exceptional our table was rocking and uneven we made a point so the staff could see but no one said anything, and I didn’t want to make a fuss as it was supposed to be a special night for us. 
Boxing Day dinner. Get them in and get them out. Menu choice was average, the vegetarian choice was poor. Deserts were decent. Staff were nice. I've been here a number of times over the last 10 years and apart from reputation there isn't really anything now I would say sets it out from the rest. It's a shame but it appears to have lost it's edge. Mince pies were very good. 
My husband and I went for lunch. My husband chose the ribs - there was too much sauce and taste was similar to the one we get from a grocery store. I originally ordered the burrito but as it is "pre"-cooked it was not possible for them to remove the cheese. I then took the mezze platter instead and most ingredients came from boxes. There was no cooking skills involved here. When we go to a restaurant the whole point is to enjoy well-cooked food. It was disappointing. We don't recommend. 
This restaurant has now become a pastiche of its former self. We have been visiting a couple of times a year for the last 15 years and it now holds all its old poncyness without the service, ambience or food to back it up.  
Saturday lunch. Myself visiting from Australia with an elderly regular local. I took great delight in trying to work out what all the wait staff were doing because they certainly were not attentive to our table. They seemed to spend more time chatting and pretending to look around the dining room while not actually noticing anything - like my empty wine glass or a lack of cutlery or a missing dish. Not good enough for the prices. The table next to us appeared to receive much better service. Perhaps it was the fact they we were 2 females or that 1 came from the convict country! 
Visited for sunday lunch with friends . The car park tends to be full so we always come by cab, Was very busy and seemed the staff were struggling to cope with the demand. None of the various waiters that served use were at all friendly or attentive and one seemed totally distracted by talking to other members of staff.Food was ok nothing special. 
We have eaten here probably 20 times+ over the past 10 years but this was the first time since the refurbishment and seemingly reading earlier reviews since the change in ownership. 
Bit pompous. Food doesn’t live up to the prices. Supposed to be fine dining but not quite there. You’re better off spending the same money in London.  
Family lunch for 6 adults and 1 baby, I booked the window table. This is a well located position in the main thoroughfare Esher. I choose this place based on reviews only... I won't be going there again! 
Very average fried food 
Lunch tuesday. Ourselves and one other couple there .Slovenly and disinterested waitress ( when she deigned to make an appearance) who clearly resented working; food a tad above luke warm. The staff, having so little to do, elected to do nothing; nor made efforts to encourage a return visit. I should have given one star, as it was terrible- but the view occasioned the second star. Avoid, and go somewhere that appreciates your business, rather than regard clients as an encumbrance. 
We used to be regulars but found the menu never changing a real let down. After a gap in time we decided to revisit and we had the steak with béarnaise for two. Béarnaise came without any tarragon in it so just a thick hollandaise, waiting staff just looked on as if to say what is that not right? How it left the pass without being noticed is shocking this place has a Michelin star it’s basic cooking! By the time it came out correct we were nearly finished. Chapter one used to do the most amazing canapés on promotional nights (obviously as part the charge) this time round an asparagus spear wrapped in bresaola and a oyster with olive oil on top awaited. Come on Chapter one where’s the love and passion gone - I think a lucky location, if you were to pick this restaurant up and move it away from farnborough it would struggle seriously resting on its laurels. 
I have been through this establishment 2 times over the last month .  
Slow service 
Great riverside setting, decent decor with exposed brick etc. Food adequate, nice wines. So why only 2 stars ? Because the service was awful. It was so bad we even refused to pay the service charge. Waiters ignored us, were rude and disinterested, etc even on an evening when it was only moderately busy. 30 minutes to get wine ordered and delivered (order seemed to get forgotten and had to be repeated). Bottle plonked on table - no tasting offered. 2 hours for a 1 course meal etc. Avoid until they improve it. 
45 min later and still no food! 
Well where do I start with this review. 
Leek & potato soup tastes mainly of cheese, creme brulee had been near the blow torch a bit too long & just tasted strongly of burnt sugar not caramelised. 
didn't really enjoy the meal.this was properly 2 yrs ago but i guess maybe i will try the restaurant again one day .  
Was looking forward to a visit and had previously purchased takeaway meal. 
We went for lunch here today. What a I really don't understand is why they don't tidy the outside seating up. It should be an attraction but as well as the unpleasant whiff of the river it is really drab and ugly. The northern terrace is by the car park but at last they've made an attempt to prettify it. The river side is just grim. Sit inside.  
5 of us went for dinner on 4 July. Not our first time to this restaurant. Keep coming back because of food quality and standard . But today , we were not impressed with service standard. One particular waiter has been extremely impatient when he was questioned . My friend order cheese board for pudding. Because my friend does now speaking English , I am making decision on his behave . Not being English myself and not a cheese person, I ask lots questions such as where is the cheese come from and is creamy or strong flavour, this tattooed waiter has expressed extreme dislike of my lack of knowledge of cheese ! Hello, it is your job to provide good service and if you are doing your job properly , you should know every aspect of your restaurant dishes inside out!  
Love the pub, old fashioned, multi-room and unspoilt. I've been going here, infrequently, since 1979. Unfortunately, the pub now behaves more like a restaurant, with most tables reserved at lunchtime. Being a small pub that leaves nowhere to stand to have a drink, that's not in someone's way. Beer choice is bottom of the pile, and not well served. It's obvious the pub doesn't care about drinkers, only food sales. It's another case of a lost pub to someone who thinks it's an easy route to their dream restaurant. Why not just open a restaurant? 
We was welcomed by a very friendly man who seated us at the bar,a nice welcome, our drinks were ordered and my husband wanted to try a different beer and the bar staff let him try different ones, we was shown into the restaurant and that’s when it went down hill the service was good but nobody smiles the friendly atmosphere we had at the bar did not continue through to the restaurant at all the atmosphere was very Poncey, our starters was ok I had salmon and there was not much flavour my dad had mushrooms and they were cold not a great start, my son who is 14 ordered steak from the children’s menu but he got the steak from the main menu which was really fatty and it just came up on its own with no sides when we brought this to the waiters attention he went away discussed it with the other staff which made us feel uncomfortable but they did take it off the bill, so thank you, when we did order the waiter didn’t say would you like some sides as we hadn’t ordered any or advised us on the menu, again the salmon was a let down very salty the the lamb was nice but by now we all feel a bit let down by our experience so far,  
We had been to the Stag a few times before lockdown with nothing but praise. However today was a very poor experience. We booked a table for two, made our choices from the online menu and were looking forward to a great meal. We were seated immediately and given menus which did not contain any of the choices I had made....after 20 minutes and no service, my husband got up and went to the bar to order drinks. After another 10 minutes and us enquiring they tried to give us the wrong drinks....Then we got our starters and correct drinks. Even people from the next table asked if we had done something to get such service. Meanwhile I observed that at least 5 young ladies were taking their T break before we had even been served. The main meal was good. They also missed our wine off the bill, we put this right, but even that was confused.....lovely young ladies with very little experience happened to serve us, such a shame.....the place is not as it was. 
I’ve visited & enjoyed many meals here but I feel really let down this time. I came for Saturday lunch with my daughter. It was busy but we were put out of the way by the window. It took half an hour for a waiter to take our order. I had to ask to order which I find unacceptable. We then had another long wait for our starter & even longer for the main course. We left after this as I couldn’t face another wait for dessert. 
Hate the restrictive tasting menu , when one cant eat half of it, we tried to go on a night when we can order a la Cart , but ending paying for a tasting menu only that night, as good as the mouth bite dishes were it was totally unsatisfying as we wanted to choose what we wanted rather than giving us what we dont want, too much again restriction on how to book a table and the amount of phone call weather we are attending or not never mine taking ones credit card number, so we say never again go where we can choose our food in a very more comfortable atmospherer 
We have visited a few times before as we enjoy Turkish food. Not a good experience this time. Service was friendly but patchy as 2 very large and noisy parties arrived. Food was hit and miss. the misses were a cold Turkish pizza and a seriously stale salad with putrid red cabbage that I couldnt even swallow accompanied by a rock hard old quarter of lemon that had turned brown. 
Went of bank holiday Monday and was given a Sunday menu, however we were delighted to see Sunday roast was available.  
i was told it was a pub before i visited, and was going to counter to order and pay before meal, but as i chose a table, the staff came over to take the order, which i thought was a bit odd for a pub. Then after meal, they came with bill, i asked if it was a restaurant or a pub and told it was a restaurant, so i felt obliged to pay service charge. I had to pay in cash afterwards as they said they couldn't add service charge on the bill/ credit card. Is it a pub or restaurant? I`d like to know before i go. I was expecting to be visiting a pub. So not planning to go again. 
Came to ledbury after seeing so many great rewievs, and hoped for a gourmet meal.  
Pleasant atmosphere & a plethora of attentive ,knowledgeable staff but ,oh dear, 
My father brings me here every year to celebrate my birthday 7th April as a tradition for the past 8 years, this year we left extreamly disappointed. 
Probably the worst fish pies we've had in a pub. Watery sauce, more potato than fish and pretty tasteless. Pub is not quite spit and sawdust but getting close to it. Nothing terribly cosy here but on a plus note the Staff were lovely. Wouldn't go back.  
My wife and I were in London fro some Christmas shopping, and this is close to where we were staying. 
Went to the Brasserie with my wife, this was the second time and again the food was of poor standard. I had the spicy chorizo to start, I was surprised it came up so quick, I soon found out why it was luke warm and under cooked. I couldn't eat them. The waitress asked if they were ok I told her what was wrong with them. She said I will pass it on to the chef, I heard no more. My wife had the burger it was massive but no finesse, it was like something you would get in the Harvester. Very sad to see this standard of food in Chapter One, I don't think I will be going there again. 
My girlfriend and I came to the City Barge for a late Sunday evening meal. On arriving at about 20:20 we were ignored by the waiting staff and spoke to a bartender about a table, I didn't think this would be a problem as the website stated the kitchen closed at 21:00. The bartender ran off to a manager by the pass and told us we could not sit in the dining room but they would provide table service in the bar area (not a problem). 
Not really much of a pub anymore, though the ales are good they’re overpriced - owned by same chain as Bulls Head next door and a lot dearer. Can’t sit at the bar, and not really laid out like a proper pub, just scattered tables and sofas for the yummies. Used to be better as a pub before the refurbishment but was pretty run down. Lost a lot of its character in the process, including a snug with open range fire. 
After many visits to this place which I have never stopped raving about, In the last two months they have changed their Chef. The food was awful! No more succulent huge yorkshire pudding, as before just a dried up excuse on the plate. I had to ask for a doggy bag to take the meat home for my dog and left the soggy veg and roast potatoes on the plate. The place was empty where in the past you were lucky to get a booking on a Sunday as it was alway packed out to the seams. Such a shame. 
This was my favourite restaurant. The food was of good quality and the portions were decent. I took the family there for a Saturday lunch. We were told we had just over an hour as we hadn't booked. This was fine. What made us feel unwelcome was the waiter (who is normally very friendly) say to his colleague " you know we need that table in an hour" any way orders food. We noticed that another 4 customers came in who hadn't booked and were offered a table. No time limit. Didn't matter we had placed our order. Food came. The waiter was friendly giving us our food. The burrito was poor compared last time. Dry. Lack of flavour. My wife had chicken and ribs. She said her meal did not taste as nice. Even our 1 yr old who would normally eat mummy's food and has had the chicken and ribs leftovers at red peppers before spat it out. We paid and I left a tip. Not even a thank you. Not even the usual goodbye as we left. Suffice to say my wife does not want to go again. All the praise I used to give Red peppers to family will now be reversed. Such a shame as this was a 5/5 restaurant. 
After read the reviews,I went to try but definitely is not worthy the trip at least you are interesting in "Tourist Food" 
Party of 4 on a farewell dinner, Ribs far to salty, Steak was average. Service was OK but overall mains were very average 
The burger tasted to burnt and the bun was to hard. Wasn't really the best burger. Wasn't really worth the £11. Was more worth £6. The chips felt a bit under cooked and very salty. The food came out quickly but doesn't seem to be worth the price the atmosphere doesn't feel relaxed to have food  
Waiter for the food took over half a hour just for a starter. My fish was dry when it arrived as if it was already cooked. The room it's self is large and its location on the bridge is good everything going for it 
we expected a great lunch by the river, and it just didn't work. Service was OK but food was quite indifferent. 
We had been really looking forward to trying this restaurant for a long time, so decided to go to celebrate my nephew graduating. Great starters but disappointing main courses. My trout with sea greens etc was an excessively oily, greasy dish that tasted like a large handful of salt had been thrown over it. I was actually crunching the salt crystals. My husband had the fish and chips. Nothing specially different except for £15 the actual fish fillet was very small. Our nephew had a burger, we had to pay £1.50 on top of the regular £14 for an rasher of bacon with the burger. For goodness sake the prices in this pub are well above average, the bacon rasher should be included with the cheese on the burger. No desserts were ordered so I cannot comment on their quality. Lovely location pleasant staff although drinks service was slow. With drinks and service the bill came to £132 for 3. I'm not sure at that price, for the poor quality we would return. 
This pub, in a good location (near the walk) is clearly trying to be a gastro-pub. It is unfortunately failing in this, and actually has destroyed the pub feel in the meantime. Most eveninng it is a busy place, but with diners waiting to get to the few tables, meaning it is impossible to find a seat if you actually want to drink. 
Been a regular customer for over 15 years. Always loved the quality of food and would be hard to choose from menu as there was always so many favourites. Recently went to find the décor, menu and staff changed. Interior is fine but the menu change and quality of produce has seemed to go down hill. Chips are different, not so special any more, burrito rice completely different with no flavour and the burger buns and more recipes etc etc all seem to be of cheaper quality. We used to travel a fair distance for a good meal and now feel it may have been our last time. Not sure if the ownership/ purchaser or chef has changed but not the same. Wish it never changed!! It looks like the other franchises still use the old menu, but they are quite far to go to ;-) 
We had been really looking forward to trying this restaurant for a long time, so decided to go to celebrate my nephew graduating. Great starters but disappointing main courses. My trout with sea greens etc was an excessively greasy dish that tasted like a large handful of salt had been thrown over it. I was actually crunching the salt crystals. My husband had the fish and chips. Nothing specially different except for £15 the actual fish fillet was very small. Our nephew had a burger, we had to pay £1.50 on top of the regular £14 for an rasher of bacon with the burger. For goodness sake the prices in this pub are well above average, the bacon should be included with the cheese on the burger. No desserts were ordered so I cannot comment on their quality. Lovely location pleasant staff. With drinks and service the bill came to £132 for 3. I'm not sure at that price we would return.  
There are a lot of nicer Turkish restaurants this is very poor standard of food chops full of fat jug of Pimms £20.00 just made 3 glasses would like a response 
Mid afternoon, very dry and slow service, maybe the staff are more enthusiastic in the evening? Bland steak that took an age to come even though it was the only meal being cooked! 
Ordered a beer, got the wrong one 30 minutes later. Asked for detail on a menu item, got misinformation and had to send it back. Food is lack lustre. Service is slow. Had high expectations based on a friend's recommendation and was totally let down.  
We went for dinner last night. It was our first time in this restaurant and we had been quite keen to try it. I don't think we'll be going back. 
Tried this place again as it was the only one still open. Had a baby chicken dish that was so over cooked and dry it was inedible. Had chicken wings which consisted of a few cheap mid section wings and no drumettes, the rice was a tiny portion, stone cold and the salad similarly a miserly portion of well past it's best soggy limp leaves soaked in that ghastly pomegranate juice which I asked them not to put on. With a couple of other bits that I ordered (many places give you a dish or two free) the bill came to over thirty pounds which was terrible value for money. I won't be going back again, 
Lunchtime... ordered Leek and potato soup, this was a stock cube with some onion. Absolutely appalling for a pub in a very good location. My advice would be for the chef to go back to cookery school. What an insult serving a bowl of stock cubes. Give this pub a big MISS. Waitress very nice x 
The City Barge is beautifully located on the North bank of the Thames with the added attraction of a busy railway bridge with District line trains dashing back and forth. 
We had the Classico set lunch for 2 people. The paella was burnt! The omelette was warm. The bread was stale! Chorizo sausages was so oily. Jambon Ham was not available, however there was 2 Jambon by the bar! There was no service, but they have the cheek to charge you 12.5 percent service charge to the bill!!! Definitely won’t be back. 
We had high hopes for this place after reading the reviews but after a visit we came away thinking that this place really ought to fire the chef! Every dish we had was disappointing (or inedible), the terrine was too fatty, the soup not hot enough, the falafel burger was unpalatable with a cloying texture, the salads limp and over dressed and the onion rings seemingly made with the skin of the onion rather than the flesh. They really should take a long look at what they serve and re-think it. 
Every time I visit the shopping centre I come here to eat. I have always been recommending this tapas restaurant until now. First of all the waitress only took my friends order I had to ask 3 times for my order to be taken and when the food finally came out only 1 of the 3 dishes I ordered arrived. In future I will be going elsewhere and have already told everyone never to come here again!!!  
We went on a Saturday evening at the end of April and were shown to a table behind the large fish tank. We were out of site of the staff, and out of mind. It took ages to order drinks and for dips and starters to arrive. Other tables which were occupied after we sat down were served well before us. Our second bottle of wine never arrived, though to be fair wasn't added to the bill either. Staff ran in with plates of food, whacked them down and scuttled off, impossible to catch anyone's eye. My main course of salmon cost £15 and was served with anaemic chips and a boring side salad. It was a thin tail portion, really not suited to grilling, and was overcooked, leathery and uneatable. No-one came to check on us while we were eating and by the time the plates were cleared, we just wanted to leave. The chopped fruit served alongside the bill was good though. I've had good lunches here before, and it's a shame that the standard of service and food just can't be maintained on a busy Saturday evening. 
We came to the runny mead for a relaxing weekend. We arrived and checked into our room the went down to dinner at the lock. We hadn't prebooked so we were able to get table as soon as we arrived at the restaurant. We have the fish and chips and the Cajun burger it was delightful. We thoroughly enjoyed it and the serve was very good. Highly recommend this restaurant when going to the runny mead . A little bit pricey but very good all the same for a treat couldn't afford to eat here every night 
I ordered 'beef hot pot' with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The green vegetables were fine. The mash tasted okay but was just dolloped onto the plate. The pastry on the pie looked and tasted okay but then I investigated below! Beef, I think it was, but it was mince of the cheapest kind that tastes awful. I think that 'beef hotpot' would normally promise to be stewing steak. Perhaps I should have asked! 
Visited a few times now and each time it gets a little worse. Always been overated and some staff can be quite rude. Food is ok but not as good as they think it is. Don't think this place is worth the effort or money, with much better options available in petts wood. Also noticed that this place has a food hygiene rating of 1 (one). Terrible! 
The food was so poor, and such small servings. I was was disappointed by how Chapter One was so lame and pretentious. If you have vegetarians in your party do not dine here. The roasted cauliflower was over cooked and tasted like it had been rinsed in dirty washing-up water. If you have carnivores in your party do not dine here, the food looks and tastes like a Waitrose ready-meal, a bit mediocre and a bit overpriced. 
We were recommended the City Barge for their Sunday lunch and booked a table just before Christmas. 
Wish we hadn't bothered!! Windsor Pub Company who manage this pub have gone under for a second time in two years and really comes as no surprise. Last time round owners ditched over £800k of debts and started again with similar named company. Badly run with lack of follow up by management on previous customer complaints. Great pity as has real potential. Out of three ales only one served cloudy and no Stella either. 
Given the prices charged due to the lack of competition in the village customers have a right to expect that the toilets are maintained to a certain standard. This pub is being run down and desperately needs money spent on it. 
Three of us visited Tapas Revolution on the 25th of March 2018. We asked one of the servers for help, she replied I am trainee I cannot...then walked away before we could ask her a question. We asked another server to serve us, she said I am busy. She was busy filling glass containers with some purple liquid. When she finally finished, we asked her for the menu. Not a difficult task for anyone you would assume, she did apologise which is good but please give customers a menu as soon as they arrive. 
First time at this pub for years. Most disappointed, Staff were a bit off hand. Waited over an hour for a jacket potato and a baguette and it was not that busy. Don't think we will bother again. 
My work colleagues and I have just visited the stag for lunch and I felt compelled to write a review immediately. 5 mains dishes ordered with 2 side orders fries and garlic bread. The order came in a reasonable time, after 10 minutes into our meals the side orders had still not arrived, I got up and went to the bar to chase the order and was told they were on their way. Another 5 mins went by and suddenly the fries appeared with no garlic bread. We asked for additional condiments, they never came. I asked again how much longer would i have to wait for a peice of garlic bread and was told it would be a few minutes. I informed the waitress that she should cancel the bread and she walked off with no apology. This is not the first time i have experienced poor service at the Stag and today could hear other customers querying the wait time for their food. 
Had a burger at the City Barge last night and didn't finish it as pretty tasteless unfortunately. 
This is not the first time I have visited The Stag, unfortunately each time the service does not get any better where food orders are concerned.  
The door nob on one of the ladies toilets has been broken for about two and a half months and the hand dryer has been taken out. Why is such a lovely pub being let down by shoddy toilets. 
yesterday I was in a party of 8 adult family members for which a table has been reserved, food was brought to the table in stages on tepid plates,not even warm, my lamb was inedible, and after trying to get my teeth into the lamb,I gave up, by this time the rest of the food on my plate was virtually cold, so left it, so much for Sunday Lunch !, I prefer quality to quantity, 
Went yesterday with a friend expecting something pretty great considering the reviews. All we got was a pushy waiter who when deliver our change decided to move it around the receipt that said "service not included" and tap on that part. As a restaurant manager I would be absolutely appalled if one of my staff members did that. For all they know it could have been a real treat to go out and spend even £20 on a meal and for them to tap and almost demand a tip, rude.  
Went for lunch on Thursday 12 December with my son and his girlfriend...We ordered hot food at 1250 and at 1340 it still hadn't arrived at our table,despite a couple of requests about how long we would have to wait..A couple on the next table had been waiting for over an hour...In the end we cancelled our order as we had time constraints...Very disappointed and doubt whether we would contemplate going there in future other than for a drink. 
The Royal Stag is a pleasant pub which serves a few locally brewed beers. Colleague's and I visit every so often for lunch and generally have a sandwich. For a change today we had a meal from the main menu. 
Datchet is desperately in need of a decent pub and the Stag offers the only chance. Now free of the Windsor Pub Company and with new owners let's hope there is a major improvement. 
I am a local resident and have had a number of poor lunches here recently. Once a decent local, now owned by the troubled Windsor Pub Company, it survives largely because every other pub in Datchet has closed. Long waits for food and today having ordered drinks I was told the kitchen would be closed for 30 minutes. Constant changes in staff don't help and although the staff try their best service has become poor because there are too few of them. The lack of competition locally also mean that prices are far too high for the quality provided. 
We booked for Sunday lunch as a pre-Christmas family get-together. The pub seemed tired - torn leather seat, broken lock on lavatory door etc. The staff were nice and helpful even though the pub was very busy. However, the food was disappointing. The beef was tough, the lamb overcooked, the 'cauliflower cheese' that accompanied them had no cheese. The chips of the fish and chips were fine but the fish was overcooked. We waited an hour and twenty mins for the main course so opted not to have puddings. The beer drinkers did not think the beer was well kept. It's a shame as it is the only pub in the village and the building is ancient and interesting. We hope this was just a one off at a busy time of year but I don't think we will be going back. 
A local village pub, a simple menu and a great setting had my expectations up at the Royal Stag today. The beef burger had been recommended by one of our party of four who had previously eaten there. 
Sadly our evening was let down by poor service and disappointing food. We were a large group but even so our mains did not arrive until 11pm - our table was booked for 9pm. Had it not been so late I would have returned my monkfish which was far too salty and overdone. Also, the accompaniments to the cheese should not be brought when the cheese was nearly finished! We were given a deduction from our bill but some of the waiters were quite ungracious. A shame because I have had good meals here before. 
First and last visit unfortunately. Food was bland and very over priced in comparison to other Turkish restaurants I have visited. 
Admittedly it was a busy Sunday afternoon visit, booked in advance. Our table (for 8 - 4 kids, 4 adults) was in a lousy spot, a big round table at the bottom of the stairs, right next to the serving hatch and the acoustics were dreadful, ensuring you could only hear and be heard by the person seated next to you. Service was friendly but slow, especially for dessert, but the staff were obliging. The food was good in parts. My daughter said the roast chicken was lovely, and she enjoyed the Yourshire pud (giant) but the potatoes were somewhat bullet like and the gravy pretty tasteless. The veggie option was, again, good in parts - nice al dente pasta, BUT swimming in an unpleasant soup of undrained water and topped with stone cold mozzarella - not great at about £13. Puds were good but expensive. We were grateful that the staff halved a sticky toffee put for us for the kids. Unimpressed by service being included. Lobster was paltry, and ordered chips as an extra - was expecting the hand cut ones but was brought french fries - definitely not hand cut - maybe if the pub serves two kinds of fries they should check on ordering which the customer wants? 
Group of 20...Had a good time with our friends, but as for the food, VERY disappointed...the cold and hot meze was not up to scratch, hot consisted of what I'm sure was mostly frozen Iceland food, deep fried! Some veggie samosa, spring roll and maybe one piece of calamari, amongst some other small veggie items! HARDLY impressive. The main again was not at all impressive, was expecting a lot more food. The price agreed was to be £14pp ALL IN. This was fobbed off at the last minute when the sneaky service charges were added...VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!! 
Couldn't hear ourselves think with the cacophany in the room. Music was too loud and was told it was to drown out the noise of all the children. Food was poor, burned ribs and tasteless, mushy duck pie. Was given a burger, that had been wrongly ordered, by the manager to replace the ribs. It was okay but not what I had ordered and was rather surprised to find the burger was on the bill, which we duly paid. Interesting approach to customer service. Saving grace was the pleasant decoration. 
Visited here last week with a few friends, for dinner and was very disappointed. Three of the party had burgers and these were the big problem, consisting of poor quality meat (two of us found gristle 'bits' in the meat), topped with soggy salad, mayo-type sauce and quashed under the top of a bun that was fresh the day before. As for the rest of the menu, the pie on offer actually looked unbaked it was so pale and the recipient commented on it being somewhat bland and lacking in gravy. All in all, big disappointed for an establishment that is in a superb location and handy for Eton and Windsor. 
I am a resident of Datchet and decided to take a walk down to the Stag for a Roast Lamb lunch, this turned out to be a big mistake.  
Very well presented premise looking really promising but let down by the poor customer service. Took my visiting family for patisseries and hot chocolates. We were made to wait at the counter despite the being the only ones there at the time. I found myself having to repeat my requests and queries and trying to be extra pleasant in the hope of a more welcoming assistance. Service was hostile and off putting to say the least but I didn’t let it deter me from trying to enjoy what seemed to be some really nicely presented patisseries. Unfortunately some of the slices were a bit on the dry side. Not what should be expected when you pay more than £35 on 2 small hot chocolates, 4 slices of cakes and 2 x sodas. Great shame looked so promising. Will not be returning. 
The location is great with cute outside tables. But... the food really isn't good and it's not cheap so there is no excuse. I ordered a rib eye steak which was seriously chewy and had zero flavour (which is tough for rib eye)! Husband ordered a soft shell crab burger which was ok. The burger my son ordered had some very unappetising bacon on top of it and the burger was hard - he only at half because he was really hungry. Fries were good though. But, spending £95 for 4 people for a below average lunch (and one was a bowl of pasta) plus a glass of rose and one beer is just not acceptable!  
We work nearby and have been frequenting the stag for around 10 years now. For the past year or so we have started venturing as far away as Egham or Windsor for a working pub lunch because none of us can bear to put up with the stag any more. It has gone through countless changes in management, and whilst the building and atmosphere is excellent, the food is almost always slow (Up to 1.5hrs for a sandwich), wrong, poorly made, and way overpriced. There is always a different excuse. Recently the food has become even more pricey, whilst becoming smaller portions, even charging extra £1.50 for cheese on a burger. If you are nearby and fancy a relaxing pint, i would see no better place; but if you want food, nearly anywhere else will be better. We have given them literally hundreds of chances to change, but enough is enough, and it just gets worse. Shame, we really used to like it there. 
We visited the cafe/restaurant for a nice dessert in Saturday afternoon. The staff were so ignorant and we were told that there isn't any table available.which was a bit too late because we'd ordered alreary. We were given a table in the restaurant but the staff were rude enough to roll their eyes and say that we can not sit as the table is reserved. We had to explain ourselves to 3 different staff who had unhappy faces wondering what we wanted there. They made us feel very uncomfortable and unwelcomed. 
Came in for a coffee today with my friend turned out there was no place to sit, one of the ladies kindly asked if we could sit on the restaurant side even though we only wanted a coffee, we were told to take one of the tables once we were ready to sit another lady jumped into us saying we cannot sit here as it is reserved! I said that we have been told to take that table n can sit for one hour! I was told no u can’t sit here u can see it’s reserved and she started pointing to the reserved sign!! I said I can read that perfectly but we were told we can take this table ! After all we were placed at some other table and again another staff member said u can’t sit here only for coffee it is restaurant!!! I said we were told to sit here cos of lack of the space on the other side!! I would understand everything but the worst thing is all of those people got zero manners! Absolutely undermining tone of voice!!! Never been to place like that before! Place is nice but people spoil the whole atmosphere!! I only write this review cos it is not first time I have experienced such a lack of manners!! Need new staff!!! 
Started off great cocktails and ended up with lovely desserts, which were tasty and well presented. HOWEVER the starters and mains were awful... tasteless.. The chicken was undercooked (Very red!!!) and the fat was translucent, cold and raw on the beef... after sending it back to be rendered and corrected, was eevnetually presented with half the staek with no fat.. wasnt offered half price!!. After I challenged them AGAIN, was told the Chef couldnt do it!!! How did he get a Michelin Assiette!?? 
We love this restaurant and went for lunch to support local establishments during Covid. The food was great BUT Sowa’s attention to keeping diners safe was extremely poor. 
last minute decision for a Father's Day lunch. Pleased to find a spare table outside, promptly ordered. There was a 30 min + plus wait . On chasing up they said the veggie wellington was cooked from scratch, fair play. But maybe they should warn? Overall food was very good. Even helpful at this point with additional chips for children. Even the recommended wine was a winner. And so to the sweet. Simply Eton mess and a separate ice cream order. A long wait ( I think 20 mins is long for a sweet). On challenging we were told " we are very busy" in a dismissive tone. When it all came it was fine. We are ex residents not passing tourists, ( clue is in my TA name) we like the quirkiness of the place. Maybe the staff levels in busy times need to be looked at, as well as customer service. A visit to the toilet shows that some investment in the facilities would be welcome ( we overheard others commenting too) - strong whiff of wee wee is not an attractive feature in 2015. 
Unfortunately, once again Sowa showed a complete lack of professionalism. 
As Polish I can say some of dishes are not the original ones,also portions seem to be more microscopic every time I went there.Prices are not. 
Seating was not socially distanced, restaurant very busy with the normal capacity. Service was slow and waiters/waitresses weren’t very welcoming or cheerful. Was very disappointed as we had heard good things about the restaurant. Food did taste nice when it arrived.  
Me my sister and a couple of friends came for dinner. The service was extremely slow and poor. It took over 30 minutes to grab their attention to order our food and then even longer for our soft drinks to come. They bought one starter out between four of us and the rest out 20 minutes later (bit by bit). The food was nice but many other places with better service and food. Perhaps the staff was unable to cope with their capacity. Not one to normally write negative reviews but this really stood out to me. The staff wasn't wearing masks which I thought would be a given during a global pandemic. Was also handed a dirty menu. Perhaps the hatched branch has better service! 
To be fair I went there only once and only bought Churros for my son. It reminded him of our Spain holidays. My son enjoyed the churros but when I was being served, the man behind the counter started talking spanish to his co-worker then looked at me and gave me a cold look. I think he didn't like the fact that I was only buying churros. He proceeded to hand me the card reader to charge me while holding it tight (which makes it difficult) then handed me the ticket without a word and still with that same cold look. I don't really know who was this person (was he the manager or else?) but he wasn't very nice. My advise to them is to take a customer service class to learn the basics of treating customers if they want to see them again. "A smile goes a long way". and a "Thank you" would be kind of nice too... :-( 
Very disappointing evening. Tiny portions- £10 for 2 scallops as a starter? Really? Slow (and sometimes surly) service and don't mention the honeycomb sundae for pudding... 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream with toffee sauce and an Askey's fan wafer. Oh and a cheese board you would need a microscope to see.  
I give 2 stars rather than 1 as I am not entirely competent in this kind of cuisine and as a chef myself, I respect people's work. But I absolutely didn't like dinner here, both me and my girlfriend had stomachache after dining here. Disappointing 
We are locals and regular drinkers at The Two Brewers. We attempted to book a table for Sat night dinner and were told to turn up early- first come first serve. We turned up and waited and waited and waited. There was no booking system at the bar once we arrived, so people coming in after us were getting a table before us. Very stressful- we left and ate someplace else. Sadly the bar staff did not seem to care! 
I've been here a few times so this review is based on quite a few visits. The food is good but the portions are a little small for the price. They always speak to you in Spanish when you first get there which is a little odd but I'm guessing this is meant to prove they are authentic. 
I visited the wharf at the weekend for my cousin's wedding reception. They had booked the upstairs room but the venue double booked and cancelled 2 days before the wedding. We were moved into the main restaurant and the birthday party upstairs (which had 15 guests and so breached current Coronavirus restrictions) sang over the speeches. 
Had a meal on a weekend very busy and a nice atmosphere. However food was grossly overpriced and average. I had fish which was ok but any decent chain would have it as good or better nearly £20 pounds a main no vegetables either. My partner had lamb which was nice but again not large. The worse bit was the joke of a Rhubarb pudding we had asked and was told it was small so we had one each. Well it was small a glass size and awful undercooked rhubarb which was not cut small enough. It was served with a teaspoon!. We should really have sent it back I won't be going back in a hurry. Location is great I think they have become complacent. 
Can't fault the service with a smile but didn't rate the food that much. And for the price, I don't think it's worth it. Calamari good, polvo a galego wasn't very tasty, the albondigas were warmish and the croquettas weren't great either and I found quite a bit of fatty bits of meat  
This was not at all what I expected having heard some great things from neighbours. The service is very good but the menu is 'odd' and seems very 'confused' (to me as a foody). Even worse is the execution - the guinea fowl I ordered was very dry and the cauliflower cheese was very floury (could have definitely done better at home). The crumble was 'basic' and the creme anglais lacked any hint of vanilla. Would not recommend 
We came on a Monday lunchtime. The food was ok, to be fair, but the service was poor. We had to wait an eternity for each of our courses. The waiting staff kind of pretended that nothing was amiss although other diners seemed to be in the same situation . If the kitchen was short staffed, as might have been the case, then it would have been a lot better if they had told us in advance. When we had finished eating, the waiters continually passed our table, looked at the finished plates and then walked on.  
The city barge is a lovely pub the food is of a satisfactory standard. Having said that my dessert which was a sticky toffee pudding was a tough and chewy in the middle.  
Came here for lunch with limited time available to me and chose this place due to the "Menu Rapido". Well - the name was as misleading as it gets as the food (a simple chicken and potatoes) took half an hour to arrive without anything resembling an update or apology before arrival - although the waitress had time to play on her phone 
Last Saturday we went for afternoon tea this isn’t the first time actually the 4th time, was very disappointed with it all, we sat down and the afternoon tea arrived after 3 small sandwiches we asked for more and said they would check they did come back with more never mention to us that we would have to pay for them when I looked at the bill later they charged us £15 which was a joke as they were all egg apart from one, we had 1 scone each and table behind us had two, we sound like we are greedy just think it’s a lot of money considering, also we had the sparking afternoon which again as silly as it sounds the 
The takeway Churros are severed in a cup with chocolate sauce. Problem is the sauce was more like boiling chocolate milk and turned the Churros into mush. 
Visited the pub, planning to have dinner. It is terribly unfriendly. If you're not a local, you are overlooked. That's not the spirit of a good pub. 
Visited here for the first time in a while. Booked to celebrate my mother’s 89 th birthday. A party of 4. Our views on the experience are mixed. Some people enjoyed the food however I was very disappointed.  
As a expat Spaniard living in London if I find a Tapas place I will always have the Mother's Nature calling from deep inside - mostly from my stomach. 
This pub came recommended by the landlord of our accommodation and the initial impression didn't disappoint. it has loads of character and atmosphere as well as being very popular. Our party of 4 are in our early 60s so after having walked several miles through Windsor park and surroundings it was nice to sit down and enjoy a well deserved couple of drinks. We had hardly started out second drink when we were approached by a member of staff to vacate our seats and stand up so someone else could sit there and eat. The pub was crowded so standing up in the pub and having a conversation wasn't an option so we had to go outside in the cold to finish. From conversations with others outside who had visited this pub many times they tolerated the sometimes 'attitude' of the staff because it was such a nice place. I suppose tourists don't always return so why worry about upsetting a few?? This tourist won't be returning ! 
Read the reviews and thought it would be a good place for dinner. 
Food was ok. Someone I was with ordered the burger as medium, it effectively moo’ed off the plate it was so pink/red inside.  
Love The Wharf. Great spot, nice vibe. Christmas Day dinner was expensive and I’m gutted to say it didn’t warrant the price. I wouldn’t go again and I wouldn’t recommend to friends. The food was nice, the atmosphere was nice. It had all the elements you’d want. Things missing: for £98 a pop, there were three nice but not awesome courses, and we had to pay extra for drinks, plus 12.5% service charge. If you want flaming brandy on your pudding, that’s an extra fiver, which really is money grabbing and distasteful. The menu was peppered with asterixes, detailing what you’d be charged extra for. One candle in the middle of a huge table. Smacked of being tight. 
I visited this place for a quick tapa and a coffee to keep me going for a little while, just like I would in Spain where I grew up. I ordered the boquerones (anchovies in garlic and oil) for £5 and a cafe solo (espresso). 
We booked a Sunday roast lunch with a group of friends based upon a previous meal on Mother's Day 2011 at The Lock and we were quite disappointed with the food quality, quantity and price. The food was good, but no better than going to a local pub for a Sunday roast, but double-to-triple the price. The vegetable selection was poor, just a few Boiled carrots and green beans. We would have expected cauliflower, cheese, broccoli, parsnips and Brussels sprouts. The Yorkshire pudding was very basic. 
We bought the room and breakfast special. Yet no breakfast because we left earlier than they were serving. They had said when we booked we could have it in our room at the time we needed. Not. They eventually gave us some bread, cereal, and tea and coffee but got the bread wrong and no cooked breakfast and no refund. 
Having previously been to this restaurant and given 5 stars I was disappointed on my next trip.  
What you need to know about The Wharf is that it has a function room on an open mezzanine floor over looking the restaurant. On the Saturday night we were there an engagement party was in full swing. Along with the cheesy disco there was the raucous cheering of party guests who had been hammering the bar for a good while. In case I am not being clear it was noisy! No… really noisy! Like 88 decibels noisy (we took a reading on a phone app for s**s and giggles). That’s like having a food processor going full tilt on your table for a whole meal. Except it was “Oops Up Side Your Head” with our delicious starters, “Working 9 to 5” with the tasty mains and a particularly rowdy version on “Valerie” with the less than impressive deserts. Needless to say conversion on our table was a little difficult. 
Sat down at 7.30, managed to finally order drinks at 8.15. Starters came 2 were wrong, mains finally arrived at 10pm! My wife ordered the house burger but plain, wrong again. Such a shame as food when it eventually arrived was great, but when paying good money, expect the same service. 
So many tourists seem to have convinced this pub that they don't need to make much effort as there are always people coming through the door. It's still busy, but the last two visits the beer has been cloudy - this time I sent a pint back undrunk and declined a free replacement!!! I went somewhere that cleans its pipes, looks after its cellar and makes you want to come back.a 
Opened not far from me, thought we would swing by for a quick lunch. The decor and location is spot on, but the service and food average at best. The Spanish omelette (tortilla) was like none I have ever had- very thick and so saturated with oil the second you cut into it the oil seeped out (LOTS of oil). It was inedible. The calamari was undercooked so slimy and the batter wasn't brown or crispy- so more that half of that dish was left. Patatas bravas? Average, and the sauce tasted pre made or manufactured. The croquettes were very good but then again not hugely difficult to deep fry croquettes. Cocktails average. Service slow. Waiter asked about our food but refused to take on board any critique "maybe its just a bad day today". We were only one of three tables and it really wansnt good enough for an area like shoreditch where the restaurant competition is so strong. Disappointed, and would not return. 
Visited alone for a quick early dinner. 
We visited Tapas Revolution for the first (and probably the last) time whilst shopping in Westfield. We had some good news to celebrate and thought we'd spend a few hours here in the middle of Westfield Shopping Centre having some snacks and drinks. We found the service to be lacking right from the start. We had to ask for menus, our drinks were poured into glasses but never even full measures. We didn't say anything about this as we didn't want to appear "cheap", the menu suggests you order 2 or 3 items each, but as we ordered a sharing platter at around £12 we only ordered another couple of dishes.  
Disappointing . Slow service although only 4 tables taken on a Friday lunch. Food mediocre. Example was the cheese and biscuits, literally that; no chutney, no celery, no grapes, no apples, no butter. No effort given. Dated and had it’s day unfortunately as used to be fantastic.  
It is very difficult for me to write this review as I am Polish and really would like to support Polish business in UK, however... We arrived and we were welcomed by a rather nice waitress (she was nice until she realised that my partner was English). Sat down and ordered our drinks. My partners coke was fine, but my white wine was warm. We then started looking around the place and realised that they get 'brownie points' for the decor and the fact that the place was amazingly clean. My partner was given a menu in English which was a really nice touch. We then ordered our meals. I went for beef roulade and silesian dumplings. My partner ordered the pork knuckle. We had to wait forever for our food to arrive. When it finally came, it looked absolutely amazing but that's were it ended. I will start with the pork knuckle - all the dressing that came with it was fine, but the knuckle itself was pretty much fat and skin and very little meat - not what you would've been served in Poland. My partner never had that meal before and I was really excited for him, but I soon as I saw it I knew it wasn't going to be good. Now, my meal - the most disappointing meal I had in years. Let me make it clear - I am from Silesia - I grew up on that meal. I had it every Sunday for 20 years of my life. I cooked it myself hundreds of times. My gran eats it every Sunday for the last 80 years. I cook it at least once a month. I think I know what I'm talking about. What I got on my plate was some sort of a mistake. I had the silesian dumplings which were fried! Silesian dumplings fried? Serioulsy? Why on earth would you do that? They also tasted like they had an egg and plain flour in them. They are supposed be potatoes and potato's flour and boiled. That's it. They most definitely are not supposed be fried and covered in basil pesto (basil pesto in Silesia? Where?). You have destroyed the most iconic meal in Silesia. The roulade - that was not a traditional roulade. It was nice, but it was not the one you eat in Silesia. It was some weird piece of beef stuffed with more weirdness. I can't even describe it. Traditionally you eat this meal with red cabbage. I can forgive swapping the cabbage for beetroot, but where that sweetness came from? This is not supposed be sweet! Also, did your chef forgot what salt and pepper are? The food was hugely under seasoned and at times tasted of nothing. For someone that never tried Polish food, especially Silesian food it could be an ok meal, but for someone who knows it well it was a disaster. Please, avoid this place. Everything there is for show, but there is no taste in it all. Go to a small, scruffy looking cafe and it will blow you taste buds away. The food at Sowa restaurant is not worth the money or your time. 
Visited for a family members Birthday. 
Not good value for money and this is the first Lebanese restaurant I know that charges extra for salad, pitta bread and even chilli sauce. Before long they will charge extra for the takeaway containers.  
We started off our journey and sadly got stuck on the m3 due to an accident, I phoned to explain and the greeting wasn’t particularly welcoming but hey ho we carried on and sat in traffic for 2 hours.  
Very disappointed. Lobster was tough and sauce was diluted in corn flour to make it look like lobster thermidor. Very pricey. Will not be returning  
We went to this restaurant for Sunday lunch. We wanted to have oysters and lobsters as this is probably the only place to serve these seafood in Bromley centre. The waiters are very friendly but the food was really poor. Oysters did not look good at all- fatty, not the best variety, couple of them looked not fresh. So now after 48 hours it looks like I got Norovirus which you can get from oysters. All symptoms confirms it.  
Perhaps unfair to review a tapas restaurant by a breakfast combo but they had a big sign saying churros and chocolate. The churros was clearly not freshly made and the small cup of chocolate was not even hot. Perhaps they should delete this item from their menu. 
We were looking a while for place to eat good polish food. We chose Sowa based on fact that most likely they are connected with Sowa brand which we know from Poland and we can highly recommend it. They are associated with them but what a disappointment. We've ordered two different plates: pork knuckle and pork cutlet. Cutlet was fine in size but no seasoning at all. Knuckle was a good size but 80% was bone, 5% fat and just a bit of meat. Same - no seasoning at all. Knowing precisely what is roasted pork knuckle we were really disappointed. After we finished our plates, waitress didn't even bother to ask us if we want any dessert (especially they have door connecting them with patisserie next door!). After 20 minutes of endless waiting I've just ask for the bill. Another surprise came when paying for food. When we came I've asked if we can pay by any card and it was confirmed that yes. Surprisingly when it get to payment, I've been told that cards yes but not Amex and ideally not credit cards. A bit of a bummer as Amex becoming more and more popular. We left with a really sour taste in our minds. Considering that I'm polish and my wife is Mexican so we normally talk in English or Spanish, I got to say, that previous review - which apparently has been marked by owner as racist comment - its truth. Tables where are only polish people were attended differently.  
The food was nice, but I think that the value of the portion was too little and too expensive, and I think than the meat very fat. And the service is not good, the waitress disappeared for a long time. 
We are regulars at Great Fosters, having also had our wedding reception here. The quality of the food (whether it be afternoon tea, the Tudor Room or the Estate Grill) has always been excellent. We came today for afternoon tea for my great aunt’s birthday and were extremely disappointed. I won’t upload pictures because our cakes were exactly the same as those posted below - essentially all the same with just different flavour toppings. The scones seem to have been miniaturised despite the increase in price and gone are the refills. The quality was drastically reduced from our previous visit. Whilst Great Fosters has been redecorated under the ownership of Alexander Hotels, this has resulted in it losing it’s charm. We had been concerned about this change in ownership and were proved right today.  
We have had afternoon tea at Great Fosters several times and were expecting the high quality tea and service we enjoyed in the past. 
My wife and I have visited the once Great Fosters Hotel numerous times chiefly for their afternoon tea. Having not been for a while we decided to go on a quiet Tuesday afternoon and my goodness... 
Unfortunately our experience was ruined when the Manager told us he needed the table whilst we were still finishing our drinks after the meal! I have to say this is the first time I have been asked to leave a table so we won't be back!  
We have eaten at Rara before so decided to get a takeaway. It took twice as long as they said for it to be delivered and the quality of the food was nowhere near as good as when we went to the restaurant. 
I can see from the other reviews that my experience was similar.  
Oh dear! 
Firstly I think its important to highlight that we visit GF every year in Summer for our Afternoon Tea in the sun. We have a Gluten Free Daughter and a lactose free son and have always been blown away by the food. 
We had Afternoon tea in the beautiful gardens at great fosters, Egham. 
We had an afternoon tea which was 25 pounds each as 10 pounds were taken off for the eat out to help,The tea was extremely poor compared to what we had there five years ago ,I took photos five years ago & now see the difference ,They charged 8.75 tip which as my wife paid as i went to the toilet ,But i didnt realize until i got home they did a 12.5 charge on the 70 pounds not the 50 which we paid,I rang them no responce ,Then i e- mailed them still no responce ,The cakes were extremely small also last time we went we asked for more sandwiches which we got ,But this time they said we would have to pay for them ,I certainly wont be going back there again ,There not the slightest bit interested in customer relations only ripping you off ,I have put some photos on from last time & this time see the difference .The setting was nice but thats it ,We were outside then it started raining we went inside but no more water was bought ,So we ended up with none , Also as it was my Birthday my daughter rang then up in the morning to ask them to say Happy Birthday to me sadly that never happened .The thing with the 12.5% charge you dont have to pay it,We should have cancelled it . Even the scones were a lot smaller than five years ago . 
Years ago, this was a gastropub, not the best in the area but decent. Last week i visited and was most unpleasantly surprised by its make over. It is now firmly a restaurant. All the tap based beers and lagers were off, so only bottled drinks available. £5 for a cider? Their food was ok, not excellent, but very expensive. A steak sandwich was exceedingly tough, fish and chips were not as good as other local gastropubs, and were several poinds more, their desserts for £6 were miserly. Service was slow but with a smile. 
Having been there several times to eat I have always enjoyed the food and the service has been adequate. When I booked a function for 14 the communication between the manageress/owner was non existent. It was virtually impossible to get hold of her, nothing was received by email from her despite assurances and promises that it would be, etc, etc. Then after I cancelled had several phone calls from different people at the restaurant assking about various things. Terribly disjointed management, 
Entrance area - I love how you have updated the entrance area and made it even more welcoming, classy and comfortable. Taking away the over the top floral displays has really opened up the room. 
Used this place for a couple of years but as they have become more popular their service has gone downhill. They have not returned our loyalty so we will not be going back. 
Slow service…drinks not arriving & wrong food turning up to the table.  
Visited several times over the last couple of years and I rated the afternoon tea the best I had ever had - so was very much looking forward to another visit. Booked a table outside to be told we were being seated inside due to the wasps, the staff kindly agreed to set us a table in the garden. Menu was explained in good detail with our orders taken promptly, the staff deciding to place the jam in a different container to prevent the wasps. The drinks arrived in a timely manner followed by the afternoon tea, the jam was served in its usual fashion which did attract a lot of wasps resulting in the jam needing to be replaced. We decided not to order any alcohol but the glasses were not taken away. The food quality was very good with decent size sandwiches, but no offer of any additional items. Waited 30 mins for a waiter to top our drinks up but no one appeared - I had to go inside myself to ask for more drinks. Some of the staff were delightful, others couldn’t care a less and it was weird we were served by so many different staff- there was no consistency which is possibly why we were forgotten about. It’s very unlike me not to leave tips, but unfortunately the staff did not deserve anything - considering the standard of Great Fosters this was some what disappointing. It’s good to see the Gardener still cares about his job ! 
Not very exciting restaurant. Been there with friends because it was raccomanded but I was disappointed. Considering we were a party of 6 the food placed in the middle of the table for sharing was not adequate for the number of people. The type of rissoles served as hors d'ouvre was overcooked and very dry, and so was the main course. The sweet were 2 dry biscuits each....the bill was over the top... 
We ordered a takeway from here and went to pick it up 15minutes later as we live locally and it was already ready, makes you think how old is the food that has been packed for you is. We ordered fried bhinda for starters and it was disgusting - it was obvious this was refried from the day before. We offered it to other family members who couldn’t help but pull a face when trying it. We ordered Hariyali Paneer which lacked both spice and taste and the Lamb curry was so bright and red, it looked like food colouring was put in it. This also lacked flavour. Overall for a restaurant that has really nice decor, the food was a disappointment. Looking at the bad reviews, it also seems like the person responding doesn’t take any responsibility for any faults and prefers to have an awful response to them. This is a disappointment as they should take these reviews as positive criticism to improve the dish/s and service rather than tell customers what they should and shouldn’t do. 
The menu given to us on the day was out of date. The website still shows picture of previous years' afternoon teas. 
We go to great fosters each year for an afternoon tea as it is so amazing however it has changed and although it’s nice it is no where near as good as it used to be. Our favourite part used to be the finger sandwiches, not only were they incredibly tasty you were also offered a second round. Instead of cucumber & cream cheese, ham & mustard, egg, salmon & cream cheese it’s now egg, salmon and capers, coronation chicken and cucumber. These are in rolls or very stodgy bread in the case of the cucumber roulade. These are the most disappointing aspect of it now. The scones and cakes continue to be nice. We used to take bits home but we finished it all today. Service was hit and miss, they were very attentive getting us sat down and serving the afternoon tea however we had to go and find someone for another pot of tea as no one re-appeared. Unfortunately this is a yearly tradition that will no longer happen. I wish I had checked the reviews before going to see that other people had experienced the same. If you’ve never been before it might be worth a visit (however it’s expensive) but if you’ve had an afternoon tea here before be prepared to be disappointed with the changes. 
Like other Afternoon Tea reviewers here, we have a long and familiar history with GF.  
The afternoon tea has changed - no extra sandwiches, no victoria cream sponge - its been cutback and the price has gone up! Not the place to go to for this price - Pennyhill Park is only £3 more and there are cheaper options like the Runnymede. Hopefully the Great Fosters team will see this is not good value anymore, and the 'extra mile' needs to come back! 
Such a disappointing afternoon tea. I came here a few years ago and it was such a great experience. I see the hotel has been taken over. It used to be classy and historic now it is gaudy and cheap full of furniture that would not look out of place in a Novotel. The service for the tea was terrible. Flat champagne; no milk or sugar and food not worth the £37 per head. Such a let down. 
Don’t go there in the evening, too loud, sticky floors & tables. Really bad toilets. Starters are ok, mains rubbish. Too loud music, too big tables.  
Came for afternoon tea for a surprise birthday treat for my mother , was so disappointed. We were shown to our table . Which was set nicely and clean , there was no background music which is very dull maybe soft piano music or something calm . No extra sandwiches or cakes were offered and it was nothing amazing . Very sweet and not much choice of sandwiches. The reception wasn’t very welcoming . The bill came to £140 then 17.50 on top for optional discretionary service at 12.5% . We chose to leave £10 not £17.50 so she said she will get the manager , why when optional ????? We should of just not left anything as that’s very rude . The manager didn’t come and we left it ruined an expensive day and we will not return and definitely wouldn’t recommend. 
Approaching the restaurant we saw kitchen staff smoking in an alley. It turned out to be the staff from this restaurant which was a bit off putting. Anyway based on previous reviews we thought we would give it a try. The calamari and seafood salad starters were OK. My lemon sole arrived with mushrooms and a grey/brown sauce all over it which made the plate look a complete mess. I ish I had taken a picture. Anyway I ate some of the fish which was ok but pointed out that the sauce should have been on the side as the waiter had said. The staff are very pleasant but the place was very disappointing. 
Heard good things about this place and wanted to check it out. Started off well but was downhill from there on! Taking our order was prompt and the lady serving us was very kind, however when the food came out we immediately found hair in one of the dishes. They replaced the dish with another one however 5 minutes later when i picked up another piece from the dish, we found more hair. We called over the manager, who looked at me in disbelief of hair in his dish 'again' but failed to apologise for it! After staring at me for a minute, he said he'll replace the dish! By the point the same dish came out again, we were finished..making the worst part the arrival of the bill, where they charged us for the dish, after it had to be replaced twice, no sorry and no goodwill gesture! Disappointed with the restaurant, other food was decent, but will not be going back!!  
I chose the xmas set menu: Starter : ham hock, Main: traditional turkey, Then a selection of cheeses with coffee and mince pies. 
I took my wife and daughter here for my wife's birthday last weekend. I had given her the choice of either our favourite place to eat (Rick Steins in Barnes) or The Wharf. She chose this restaurant as we had never eaten here before and wanted to try something new. The reason I mention Rick Steins is that they are a similar price point, and as the evening progressed we couldn't help but compare the two.  
Felt extremely rushed - the online booking said the table is booked for 2 hours - but the waiter said we only have 1 hour 45 minutes. Fifteen minutes makes a difference! The place feels like a factory churning out customers to maximise sales.  
Booked this restaurant for Sunday Lunch for Father’s Day. We live nearby but haven’t been for a couple of years. Wish we hadn’t gone - the food was mediocre, the service was poor. When we arrived we were ignored for at least five minutes and eventually someone showed us to our table. The menus were handed to us by someone who was too busy looking elsewhere. The venue is so lovely. It’s very sad that it’s such a mediocre experience. We won’t bother to go again. 
Took my family there, for the first time. We ordered our meals together, yet all the dishes arrived in dribs and drabs; one arrived, then another. Mine mixed grill arrived last, by which time, my family had all finished! So I ate alone.  
Feels like a step back into expat England! Beautiful location but food & decor very old fashioned. Would go back for a drink (they sell good champagne by the glass) but wouldn’t eat there again  
We were given a voucher for afternoon tea and we're looking forward to using it which we did on 21st October, having booked 4 weeks before. We were booked for 2.30 and were sat down by 2.25. At 2.50 we asked when we would be served and were told "we are busy we have a lot of people in for afternoon tea" And this was our fault ? If they cannot accommodate more than a certain number they should not take bookings. We were told we could get more tea and coffee, which we did try to do but on 2 occasions we did this and never received them. A table behind us had trouble with their order and I overheard a member of staff moaning about the customers to another member of staff at the bar. Very unprofessional, maybe staff should be put on more training courses.  
Noisy. Not pleasant, at all. Do not go there if you are willing to have a conversation. Food + service are quite good but never justify a 12.5% discretionary service charge. It is not end of the world but they could try a bit of modesty, too. They called twice to make sure that there will not be no show, yet we had to wait a little bit for our table which was past our booking time. Not really concerned about the wait but what was the earlier calls to put us under stress??? 
The Wharf used to be the most popular restaurant in the area where one had to book a weekend table weeks in advance. 6 of us had dinner at The Wharf last night to celebrate the ending of A level exams. The location is lovely and the restaurant is very nice with a lovely bar. Lots of wood and brick and glass walls does mean it becomes quite noisy as more people arrive. We had a table booked for 7:30pm and finished about 9pm - the restaurant was only every 2/3rds full on a Friday night. 
The hotel and grounds both beautiful and immaculate and my mother, boyfriend and myself expected big things especially having been recommended Great Fosters. We were greeted by an absolutely lovely lady who chatted to us for a while discussing the history of the hotel and we also spoke to some other lovely staff there. Sadly I have to say that our afternoon tea was ruined entirely by our waiter. We ordered 2 Pims afternoon teas and 1 vegetarian afternoon tea with mojito for myself. It became clear towards the end of the sandwiches that possibly the waiter had forgotten my veggie sandwiches. I actually had to share the sandwiches of my Mum and boyfriend as I was starving. After having 2 separate conversations about the missing sandwiches with the waiter I was brought a few veggie sandwiches that arrived at the same time as our deserts. He agreed they had been forgotten but blamed another waiter. The whole point of afternoon tea is to sample some tea...and our tea and coffee only arrived after asking a few times by which point our deserts were well and truly finished. In the end, the table having never been emptying, the bill arrived and the waiter seemed oblivious to the fact that this was all unacceptable. I mentioned again the fact I was disappointed about the sandwiches and he removed the service charge (wow and entire £12), made a joke and left with barely an apology. At £120 I expect much more than this. I didn’t want to create a scene so we called a taxi and left. The other staff were lovely and cocktails and food all very good. What a shame that one person could ruin our entire day. 
To celebrate a very special birthday we'd booked months in advance and so were perplexed, on arrival at the booked time, to discover that our table wasn't ready. With the beautiful Tudor Room closed off for dining we were eventually shown to our table in the small and noisy bar area. Although our food was delicious and plentiful, service was minimal and we were forced to wait a long time for everything and to remind various waiters who had forgotten our order. Staff loudly (and unprofessionally) arguing behind the bar and constant to-ing and fro-ing past our table made our conversation difficult and it was a far cry from being the special treat we envisaged. 
Friendly staff, and okay mains... Not really exciting food, but no real harm done until the desserts. These were rather poor, especially the panna cotta. It looked like run over by a car -- and then put in a bowl to be served as porridge. Even if served in "conventional" form, the panna cotta wouldn't have been much better, as there was little taste... 
Having previously had a great afternoon tea experience here a few years ago we decided to treat our Mum again as part of her 80th birthday celebrations. Such a disappointing experience this time. Table wasn't ready for our booking on our arrival and we were told to wait in the room by the sides of other people already dining whilst our table was prepared. The Tudor room wasn't available for afternoon tea this time apparently, so instead we were finally seated in the Cocktail bar room at a table which had a constant flow of waiters and waitresses filing past in close proximity with food and drink orders for other tables - not very relaxing or conducive for what should have been a relaxing afternoon tea. The Tudor room makes for a much better afternoon tea venue in my opinion. We were also witness to some of the staff blaming each other for various misunderstandings at the cocktail bar too - very unprofessional conduct. Food was fine, but our order for a second pot of tea each to accompany our scones and cakes endured a 30 minute wait. All in all we felt forgotten, details on or initial order were missed and we felt that the service and ambience had much to be desired. Understandably we chose not to pay the service charge which had been added to our bill. I complained to the front desk on leaving and was told that it was because it was the weekend and busy. Our previous experience had also been on a weekend, so clearly not a good enough reason for such a bad experience this time. I made it clear we wouldn't return for future visits and was told that the duty manager would be in touch on the email we made our reservation with. Have heard nothing as yet. So very, very disappointing Great Fosters, shame on you. 
It’s very loud - we visited mid week. 
Very disappointed I'm sorry to say. The quality of the afternoon tea was not as impressive compared to our previous visit and certainly did not justify the increase in the cost. I doubt we will be returning, which is sad as it is such a lovely venue 
Decided to come here for my sons birthday as our usual Himalayan flavours restaurant were only offering a take away service and we preferred a sit down meal.  
Went for mother’s day had to wait for half an hour to be seated burgers for grandchildren undercooked could see blood so sent back no apology.husband had roast dinner 2 under cooked potatoes gravy all over dinner should be given a choice really .my daughter had beef which again looked under cooked had upset stomach the day after would definitely not go again 
I go with my sister as it's her 50 birhday present . 
19 of us went for a meal last night.  
Been to The Wharf a few times now on a Sunday and have always been very impressed, today however was a real disappointment. Firstly, the jazz band who were as good as usual were far too loud. Usually from the restaurant area the band is just background music. But today it was so loud we struggled to hold a conversation. The starter and desert were okay but the main was very poor. Only two roast potatoes and I'm pretty sure they were frozen and not freshly prepared and the yorkshire pudding was like cardboard. The beef was okay but not up to their usual standard and the whole meal was luke warm. There were no condiments on the tables and we had to ask for horseradish wish was then served in a small dish which between three of us was a teaspoon each. I spoke to the waiter as we were leaving and he said they had changed the chef. Pending disaster - hope they sort it out but I'm not rushing back 
One need to book over the weekend . If u walk in and manager says 20 mins don’t believe them . I waited 1.5 hours and they had no apology . They kept on saying 5 mins etc 
Overall with the preparation for covid was on point everything was in place to say. 
Two friends and I chose the Wharf for afternoon tea. It was close to where we all live and we had been to the wharf individually on occasions.  
I paid Blue Harbour a visit when it was rated number one in Bromley on TripAdvisor. I was shocked that it had knocked my favourite Bromley restaurant Madhuwan off the top slot. I remember the day vividly like it was yesterday. I was sooooo excited that Bromley had a top rated seafood restaurant. I went for lunch and was the first one there. 
Having decided to treat my Mother to a rare trip out I chose Great Fosters on the basis of reviews and recommendations. Whilst the venue and food were of a very high standard the service was a complete let down. When spending quite a bit of money on something such as afternoon tea I would expect milk to come with the pot of tea, I also wouldn’t expect to have to ask several times and be bought everything but milk! by the time the 3 jugs of milk did arrive the tea was cold. I have enjoyed a few afternoon teas with my partner including at Danesfield House and Foxhills and I must say based on service I would recommend them 1st before Great Fosters. This is even more of a shame as I had thought of treating my soon to be wife to a meal or stay at the hotel especially as she has fallen in love with the idea of your swimming pool but I would sadly now reconsider and look elsewhere based on this experience. 
Went there for dinner with my husband and he had the steak which he said was good and I had the linguine which was quite tasty except for the lobster that was overcooked. There was only us and another couple. So very quiet and the music I personally found very monotonous to the point I just wanted to leave. But to be fair the service was good, food was ok if they don't overlook the lobster and they definitely need a more exciting desserts menu! 
Used the 50% off mains today for Lunch. It was busy but surely with the online booking service the restaurant is aware of how many people would be dining. Male at the reception looked annoyed to the point of worried at the diners coming in. Our table was wonky and was made steady by some menus under the table. Our server complained at every interaction of how busy she was. Food was top notch and lovely but the service was a let down. After our meal it was too busy for our plates to be collected and we wanted to order dessert but gave up after waiting 25 minutes and to get up and insist on paying as we wanted to leave. Tables were too close to each other too. 
It was my birthday celebration, and we picked this restaurant based on the reviews. We could not fault the welcome and attentive service but the food was poor. Also despite arriving when the restaurant was almost empty, we were shown to what turned out to be a very poor table. The baby squid in piri piri sauce was rubbery and the sauce more like a tomato sauce as it lacked spice. The lobster again was overcooked and tough. Following the theme, the sardines were overcooked and dry. Later on when I could not hear the others at my table I realised that the wall behind me was actually a balcony where there were more tables. I looked longingly at the quiet empty table in the corner. My son remarked on the inappropriate music. We wanted to get out but had to wait ages for someone to bring the credit card machine. On one of those rare occasions dining out as a family it would have been nice to feel able to take our time and chat. 
After reading the reviews, we decided to try this as we love seafood. My friend had the surf and turf which, at £24, we would've expected to be more than a very small, over cooked steak with 4 small tiger prawns on top. That was it, no chips, salad etc. it seems those are considered side dishes rather than an integral part of an expensive meal.  
I had been looking forward to trying this place out after reading all the positive reviews. I'm sorry, but most people who rate this place highly must have had too much frizzante! 
The setting was fabulous but despite handing over a voucher clearly stating it was a 21st birthday gift not one staff congratulated my daughter. The tea the waiter poured accidentallly spilt on myself and the tablecloth and this was just covered up by another waiter putting another folded cloth over the spill - not even an offer of a cloth to wipe my trousers!  
Not an Italian restaurant I would recommend. The base for the pizza was simply laughable and seemed to come out of the frozen food section of Sainsbury's. 
Decided this tear to take the in-laws out for Xmas lunch to the Wharf restaurant. Overall there was nothing wrong with the service or food, that was all excellent, but it was way over priced. Considering most places on entry at least offer a complimentary drink, here nothing was offered, though you could buy your own. The starter and main were nice and reasonable price in size, though the Xmas pudding was more of a child portion with a small scoop of ice cream. To say it was value for money at £95 per head would be lying, it was way over priced. I understand that staff have to be paid for coming in on Xmas day etc. But I would have thought that the 12.5% service charge added on would have covered their extra pay. To be honest the meal was worth no more than £30 per head. 
There is no doubt that the view and location are good (as is the service) but the set menu we had on Friday (2) resulted in a £100+ bill and I found the food to be average at best - who knows we may have been unlucky. But the dishes were seemingly pre-prepared meaning dry meat and a sense of a lack of fresh ingredients. The wash rooms were also disgusting - not clean and something you'd see in a car park. It's our first time to The Wharf as new residents to Teddington, and I'm not sure we'll be back as we've had so many better experiences in same price territory and cheaper restaurants too - a shame really as we had high hopes. 
I have heard a lot about this place, so had high expectations. We reserved a table for Friday evening at 8.15. My friends and I were very disappointed with the following:-  
My third visit here. Staff are excellent. food nothing special but now very expensive 
Service really slow, almost 90 minutes for starters to finish coming out despite restaurant being empty meat quite tasteless and not great value for money. 
We were a large party of 15 and had a two hour time slot for our table on a Friday night (which is fine) however we kept getting harassed by staff regarding this.  
I booked this for my husband’s birthday dinner as its quite local and we had been meaning to try it for sometime. So disappointed! 
Went here as a friend lives close by, 
We visited as a group last week. We were offered the set menu price of £19.95 per head for a three course meal. We were served the starters and had lots of variety. Everything tasted good. Mains took half hour to come out. Service was very slow. Requested second drinks and it took half hour to come after a reminder. Waitress was not that attentive even though it was not that busy that evening. Food when it arrived was good though and good sized portions. We all kept room for dessert as we were all looking forward to the baklava and we were very disappointed to see that we only got one piece of baklava each with a small cup of mint tea. We were expecting another platter at least to be brought out but thats all we got! I see from previous reviews that the baklava is complimentary. if so then why were we charged for it? Surely another dessert should have been offered to us instead as part of the deal or at least a dessert sized decent portion should have been served to us. Set menu prices should be cheaper, not be costing more!! 
I went recently with my wife and some friends on a Saturday night and within a short time the restaurant was packed, and that is the main problem with this establishment. The manager, who is absolutely charming is also a very good salesman and pushes the house Meze insisting that what ever you where going to order it will be provided in the Meze and more. The problem with this, is like all Meze’s you need to spare about 2 1/2 hours to eat it, as it consists of about 5 courses. For value it is quite good at £32.95 a couple you can see the benefit.  
Got to say we did enjoy the meal no faults there, however when it came to paying, the help out to eat out that is still be advertised was ignored. After asking the staff about this was told it had ended due to going into tier 3 the next day. This table was booked well in advance and they contacted us 2 days before and never mentioned the end to the help out to eat out. I feel that we should of been told if not then at the start of our meal. They are still advertising this on their website but told us they are up against it due to being a family business. WELL STOP ADVERTISING IT THEN THIS IS FAULSE ADVERTISING I will be reporting this to trading standards. 
Given that all the food is pre prepared, it was very slow service for us and others in the room. Some people got sandwiches before drinks, we were offered more sandwiches before we had even got drinks or the first serving of sandwiches. Nice staff but customer service just too slow. Expected better from 4 star hotel. Couple in room got a freebie anniversary cake which was nice.  
Booked a table for Valentine's Day in the evening with the wife.  
Won’t be returning after a cold greeting from the manager. The music was so loud you couldn’t hold a conversation with the person next to you. Expected a restaurant experience, not a nightclub. Whooping £10 service charge was unreasonable due to slow and inattentive waiter 
Venue is great, large glass dinning area with views of the river. Layout very nice and service good. Has everything going for it. Unfortunately the food was a let down. Chicken liver parfait as a starter. Barely had any taste, I've had better from the supermarket. The toast with it was basic and tasteless as well. Chutney wasn't great either. Main course was fish pie which was basic as well, cheesy mash with random chunks of fish, just unappetizing. Shame, as it is such a nice location. 
Ordered takeaway for the first time based on online recommendations. Food quality was good; authentically Lebanese but was disappointed with portion size. Paid £32 for one small kebab, four grilled lamb pieces, two small chicken pieces, a dollop of hummus and mutabal, two small cheese pastries, two small falafel and two palm sized kibbeh with salad (mostly tomatoes). Will not be going here again. 
Really tasty food with good portion sizes and lovely waiters and waitresses. Slightly long waiting times but the restaurant was busy so that wasn’t an issue. 
Overall, the atmosphere and scenery was amazing! However, i wasn't impressed with the service. I felt like they forgot we were there- we had to ask for more tea/coffee and for them to bring the cakes out. We felt like we were waiting for ages until our food was brought out to us. Considering we spent a lot of money for afternoon tea - this did affect my overall experience and I wasn't very satisfied. I also felt like you do not get a lot of food for what you pay. 
Was by myself all day so decided I’ll get a take away roast because I mean what’s better, and I only like literally 5 mins away so nice walk in the rain, went down there collected my food for I mean 16.95 for a roast beef which is all in containers, i understand it’s a bit different for them to do it for people but when I had to go get it myself, didn’t have the service the restaurant has and I still have to pay the same price everyone else is paying when they’re sitting down enjoying the food and service. I think it’s ridiculous tbh, can’t complain about the actual food itself because was very nice but not worth that price. 
In spite of the restaurant being empty, the service was poor. It seemed as if the two staff on duty were trainees and didn't have much in the way of charm or indeed welcome. Maybe the usual staff had the evening off? Also we asked several times for the music to be turned down or changed but they seemed to think that having Queen on as background music was the best way to generate a soothing atmosphere on a quiet Tuesday evening. The food was ok. We had hired the Wharf for a very large party some years ago when the service had been exemplary. 
I'm not someone who writes reviews all that often- but felt compelled as this is up there with some of the worst curries I've ever tasted and I wouldn't wish someone to waste money finding that out themselves.  
Visited for the advertised jazz night only to be disappointed - jazz finished shortly after 9 pm and the kitchen was closed at 9 so we couldn't order food. Only two covers when we arrived and sat at a filthy table from a previous 40th birthday. No atmosphere, no music, no people - think we arrived at the graveyard! Looks like a great venue for a function, wedding, birthday, anniversary or a corporate event - but as locals, we won't be bothering again.  
I booked this restaurant for large group of 13-14 people for a retirement dinner for a very good work friend of mine. At first the main manager was very accommodating and said he would giving us a L shaped seating table plan which we both agreed would be best fit for the group. When I arrived with my 14 people I did have a L shaped seating area to which I became very angry as one person had to leave as he had a bad leg and could not be scrunch up while trying to have a nice meal. When I tried to speak to the main manager he started to change his story advising that he never guaranteed me a L shaped table to which I disagreed! Furthermore unbeknown to me my head service manager had called ahead and pre-paid for 6 bottles each of red, white or rosey wine & bottle beers. So thought it was very unprofessional of the head restaurant manager knowing this has happened and decide to squeeze is a semi long table with hardly any table room between person to person. The food was lovely but i’m afraid the main head manager manner was completely unprofessional and brought the experience of night down for me. Not sure I go back even as 2 person setting. 
The monthly "dads" night out found us in a new local Lebanese restaurant in Pinner. 
Will never eat in Sougatani restaurant on Bridge Street ever again. Booked a table for 25 people over 6 weeks ago for my 40th birthday, there was no other bookings in for that day at this point. I also rang to confirm reservation 2 weeks ago. I called them on the day to confirm again to be told they had no such reservation and they were fully booked. The next thing they found the reservation, disaster averted!!!! I got a a call 5 minutes later to say sorry I didn't have a reservation after all for the evening as apparently I had called days before to reschedule it for the Sunday. I wasn't even in the country to be calling and had done no such thing. The manager was so rude and abrupt telling me I had called and changed it and there was nothing they could do and were fully booked. This was all an hour before me and my party of 25 were due to be turning up. There handing of the whole situation was a farce and I will never spend a penny with them again!!!!! 
This place has had rave reviews but whilst the did was nice and a night out doesn't cost too much with byo alcohol, the service we experienced was appalling. 
We were looking forward to having Afternoon Tea outside looking at the pleasant gardens. Unfortunately the weather was not really suitable for sitting outside so we had to sit inside. The room which is in keeping with the property, was far too dismal for afternoon tea in our opinion. We have been to many other similar properties to compare it with for tea. 
We were disappointed by the appalling standard of service. We (a party of 3 couples) had booked in advance and were asked to arrive early which we did (6-00 pm). Although we were first to enter the restaurant, orders were taken from two other tables before ours. The person who took our order was brusque and humourless. Having been told initially that the restaurant would require us to vacate our table by 8-00pm, by 7-30 pm we had only just been served our starters. The menu was typically Italian with a huge range of dishes to choose from - far too many for the kitchen in such a small restaurant to deliver in a limited time. Five of the six main courses were eventually served but there was then a further wait for the sixth person in our party to be served. The food was good which makes it all the more frustrating to have to report such poor service and a bad attitude by one of the members of staff. We have visited the Spaghetti Tree on a number of previous occasions but have to say that, based on our most recent experience, we will not be going again until the restaurant sorts itself out and treats its guests iin a proper and courteous manner. 
Been going to curry Mahal 10 years and never have I seen it so packed there wasn't even 6" distance between each table thay just rammed the people in couldn't even hear your yourself talking would not go back until vivid was over 
We decided to try out Arens new restaurant in Ruislip and when we ate the Sunday lunch thought the slow cooked beef was quite tasty but unfortunately only a few hours later were both very unwell with badly upset stomachs so certainly won’t be going back. 
Reading the reviews on TripAdvisor we were looking forward to our first visit. It was a set menu as it was Mother's Day. 
Visited the Ruislip branch with a group of friends for lunch. The waiters were very rude and didnt get the orders right! They brought out 3 salmon dishes instead of 3 burger dishes, had to wait for them to cook the correct dish! Starter for one of the girls was wrong!! The menu was very limited. 
We booked a table on Sunday and verified that we could use the Meerkat app for their 2 for 1 offer . 
Booked Boxing Day lunch some weeks ago. Best meal on the Main courses was luxury fish pie and although we arrived only an hour after opening were told that this had all gone. I finished up with the burger. Of the 4 starters we ordered 3 opted for whitebait which arrived well overcooked. Burger was OK but a burger is a burger. Service was mediocre and drinks were very overpriced. £33 for a bottle of wine which retails at £8 in supermarkets. Have been to this restaurant before and had no complaints but will not be going again. 
What started off as a nice family meal was spoiled by a group of very selfish diners who after being given a table in the corner demanded to be seated in the middle of the restaurant. They then proceeded to shout and carry on as if they were at home. They were asked to be quiet but ignored the staff.  
Great staff, very friendly welcome. Beer choice poor, only fancy lager. Wine choice good. Decor pleasant. Evening menu looked good, bit pricey though On delivery, very disappointed The starter was King prawn in spicy sauce with garlic bread. the prawn was not shelled, very difficult to handle without getting your hands in. Got some odd looks from other customers.My companions had soup. Only OK. The steaks were cooked properly as ordered, 1 rare 2 medium. However , the chips were the skinny variety in a small cone and the garnish no more than a tablespoon. Sorry not good enough. Salad cost nothing and proper chips are more in keeping with a good steak especially at their prices.The 4th member of our party had a lamb skewer. Yes, 1 skewer, not much on it either. Not a pudding man but the others said they were OK Overall, not at all impressed,can't recommend it. Would suit a certain type of pompous person. 
Food was ok but restaurant was very cold not good when you're sitting still.. no toilet paper in ladies and only one soap dispenser working.. small things but important things!  
We visited this place on Sunday lunch time. When booking the reservation at no point were we told that there is a 2 hr turnaround. When we shown our table at no point did the Manager advise us this too. We were then ordering our starters and the waiters were awesome, great food choice. Just after our starters came the manager came over and told us that you need to order your mains as we need the table in half an hour. I approached him in a very calm tone and he was so pushy. I requested he goes for more training. No where on the website does it say that they have a policy for 2 hour turnaround. The managers are very disrespectful. They have no shame at all. Need more training. Apart from amazing cutlery and good food.....our celebrations were ruined. 
Prompt friendly service but food very disappointing. My godmother ordered a pasta dish but found it very greasy, and my saltimbocca was tough and was served with a brown gravy which had no place on the dish. Rice was over cooked and resembled rice pudding. We ordered a mixed salad which included mysteriously pallid huge tomatoes...in June, at the height of the tomato season. The food was disappointing, and being seated so close to other diners that we were literally rubbing shoulders did not add to the sense of enjoyment. I was also surprised to see that a service charge was included in the bill automatically, which is unusual for a party of 2.  
Fish was a bit toooo oily. 
Went to this place last month for the first time, and will be the last unfortunatley. 
Having been to the Pinner venue, we thought we would try the new Ruislip one. I was expecting the same but have to say was not impressed. No-one greeted us on arrival and basically we stood there until someone eventually came over. No wine was poured, we did it ourselves, very rushed. Hardly had time to breath between courses and when they came to offer desert after taking main plates we were like NO. 10 minutes later we were asked to vacate table although we still had half a bottle of wine as it was so rushed. We went outside in the rain to finish our drinks as bar was busy. Food was ok. Wouldn't rush back :( 
Went with a friend for afternoon tea with sandwiches and cakes. The price is £36 included service per person. They brought to our table10 small fingers sandwiches (5 pieces and 5 different fillings for each person). It was disappointing to see these presented in a small flat dish with a few small leaves salad in the centre of the plate as decoration. However worst of all the sandwiches filling was very poor and you could hardly test anything apart bread and butter. Shameful for the price they charge! 
Just out of interest - how much do you pay for that standard non-alcoholic drink Soda and Lime where you drink? I was asked for 50p in the Saracen's Head in Kings Langley on Tuesday - remarkably cheap. In Arens I was asked for £3.90 - you read correctly. Any more contenders? 
Pleasant atmosphere and good welcome. Relatively poor food and table service. Super views of Teddington lock but book early to get these as party bookings have he best tables. 
Really disappointed that the owners do not give the service charge to the staff . disgraceful. 
This was our fourth visit and we have always enjoyed our meals. It was Sunday lunch so two of us had the beef and one the pork. The starters and main courses are huge, far too big, there must be so much wastage. Our beef was tough, the roast potatoes were large and hard in the middle. I am not convinced they were roasted as there was no crispness either. The broccoli had had only the briefest relationship with boiling water and was I one huge piece. The starters and desserts were fine apart from their size. The staff are very pleasant and we did mention our issues with the main courses to the waitress but we heard no more. The cost is rideculously low and I'd rather pay a little more for a nicer roast. Disappointment is my over riding emotion as previous meals have been enjoyable and it was great to find a good restaurant close to father-in-law. 
Not impressed service was awful had to get up and go and ask for a desert menu after sitting there for 25 minutes,gave up waiting to be asked if we wanted a drink so went without till our coffee after,I think the chef needs some cooking lessons,the roast potatoes were the worst I’ve ever had they were rock hard and I noticed two other tables next to us had left all theirs as well,as for the sprouts you’d need an axe to cut them as for the tiramisu it was awful a thin slice absolutely covered in chocolate powder which gave me a coughing fit,would I eat here again definitely not 
We went for late lunch there were only 2 other tables occupied so it was not busy at all. It took over 20 minutes and I had to get up and call the waiter as no one came to our table to take our order. We had to ask for water twice the service was so slow and poor. The passion fruit juice was watered down and once we queried this we got it made again but this time it was orange and thick. The food was OK but nothing amazing it lacked spices. Some of the staff are rude and not bothered. 
Ate at Social Dhaba yesterday evening. 
First the good stuff... they have done a nice job fixing this place up although its a little pretentious. The grounds are nice, great to sit outside in summer. I found a nice new beer, Maltsmith’s. 
I always used this place and never let me down before, had a takeaway on NYE and it was aweful ! Stale onion bhaji, tasteless bhuna, watery saag aloo and to top it off paid for a few pappadoms and chutneys and received one pappadom and no chutneys. I would have given them the benefit of the doubt but had a dodgy stomach the next day, sorry curry mahal but it`s over.... 
We visited for lunch on Mother’s Day, it had been booked on the basis of fairly good reviews. 
food was tasteless & no thought given to presentation. the staff were arrogant & had no interaction with us. Wine list had changed but we were not informed of this prior to the waiter getting the wine , it was then with a 'take it or leave it' attitude. 
We went to Great Fosters for a Christmas treat a champagne cream tea in the hall with a lovely fire and a Christmas tree what we got was sat in the cold window in a small cocktail bar with 10 men on a wedding party which were very understandable loud and excited before the wedding I did complain straight away how cold and noisy it was hoping to be moved this didn't happen the cakes were nice the sandwiches were hard not fresh at all I did also point this out at the time giving them the chance to change things this didn't happen so I wrote to the manger after our visit as I did think they would understand the problems I got a email back which was even more disappointing I did have a cream tea there in the summer sat outside it was very very busy the sandwiches were fresh as were the cakes and I did really enjoy it which made me rebook for the Christmas how very disappointing ...I have had a lot better and a lot cheaper cream teas but with Great Fosters its all about were you are so I thought I wont be going back .....back to Penny Hill park for me 
Potatoes ok... king prawns in tandoori oven were good, aubergines were ok but my lamb chops were afwful. Burnt outside and raw meat.  
A bill that came to £84 for three people with no starters and only one alcoholic drink all night in my opinion is very pricey when the food was mediocre and bland. For the mains (as no starters were had) the half lobster with a few chips on the plate looked boring and tasted average. The goats cheese and pumpkin tortellini was no better than what can be purchased at a decent supermarket. The salmon dish from the River set menu was definitely the best choice. For desserts, a mango créme brûlée from the River set menu and bread and butter pudding with toffee sauce from the a la carte menu were ok. For drinks, one glass of French white wine, a Mojito "mocktail"and tap water were consumed during the evening. Ambience for a Friday night was non existent. On the positive side the staff were pleasant but even the river views couldn't make up for the lacklustre food, boring atmosphere and extortionate prices.  
Booked last week for my mum's birthday. Ended up running late for a private booth table, rang ahead to let them know, and then when we turn up, we have to wait for the table to be cleared (had 40mins notice!) Okay, next up, order some drinks. Got offered another tables drinks, nope. Finally got our drinks, thank God we weren't in the Mojave! Food order taken, then waited 30mins for the food to arrive. Mediocre to say the least. 'Burger served with baby gem' normally means more then a tiny lettuce leaf that has fallen on the floor and ended op on the same plate! In all this time, the restaurant bar is making all sorts of racket, smashing glasses and throwing/juggling cutlery making it extremely difficult to hear anyone from across the other side of the table! Then the bill, over priced with someone else's alcohol added, so a sour taste all round. Best thing about the evening, Jake. Very good at dealing with his colleagues mistakes, guess he must be a busy man! Never again. 
Visited the Spaghetti Tree with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday..what a let down. They could not cope with a large number of guests and in my opinion should not have tried to. Firstly they handed the menu to everyone, then came and took it back, saying set menu only. We were then handed photocopied bits of paper with a choice of 4 starters and 4 mains..no vegetarian option so that was me out of the game, to be fair they did allow me to have some pasta and tomato sauce. Puddings were a choice of cheesecake, banofee pie or nothing. No fruit my diabetic friends..and £25.00 per head, The waiter was rude, the music was blaring, we constantly asked for it to be turned down but was told other diners wanted it. We checked with others around us and all said it was too loud. I think the staff liked it loud. 
We went there for dinner after reading the reviews, but I am completely disappointed. The pizza was horrible and small. Not Italian style at all. It looks like a kind of bread with some toppings, not even well cooked. 
But sadly disappointed. Owners are truly lovely, but food....mediocre and tasteless and overpriced...let it down. My friend ordered a crepe for dessert, and was told that they'd run out, so the chef had made her a fresh one. Duh! Isn't that what's supposed to happen? 
After seeing the previous five star reviews for this restaurant me and my friend were excited to visit.  
We went to this restaurant last night after reading the good reviews from previous diners, 
I'd been saving myself for dinner here, and had pre-ordered a steak skipping the starters which didn't sound suitable for diabetics. Asked for brown bread, and they didn't have any. Brought sourdough white bread which is also made from essentially the same flour. Emphasised I'd like my steak rare, showed the waiter a picture of what I meant. What arrived was medium well done, unevenly distributed with some medium towards one side. Sent it back and the second was medium, but still no crust, seasoning, or blood. Probably done in the oven. Green beans cooked ok, no salt though. Salad had a sweet dressing on it which someone else fancied. Game-over for not knowing how to cook a steak.  
Hadn’t used a Harvester for a few years but took my elderly Aunt for Sunday lunch at the Harvester in Ruislip on 9th Feb. The food was average at best. We both chose the Roast pork Belly which was priced at £15.50. The roast potatoes and veg were frozen not fresh, the meat had no crackling and look more like a rib/chop than pork belly. If it had been priced around £8 to £9 it would’ve been ok but it was very bland and for the cost we could’ve had a far better freshly cooked roast nearby. The waitress was very helpful and friendly though. 
I have been to this harvester a few times in the past and there has been the odd minor issue each time e.g wrong chips brought out and asking for Nachos with no guacamole but it coming on it etc.  
So I don't even know where should I start I was meant to be just write I avg review BUT. I changed my mined I had a dinner with a few off ppl celebrate a 40's Bday let start in a beginning had a drink at the bar area barman very nice bloke cocktail was ok. The. We moved the restaurant area it was busy ish plus they have a party upstairs but honestly wasn't crazy busy we got the starter chicken liver pate was ok again but 7.5 really ?! It's defo wasn't that good then I had a half roast chicken dry as a desert with some frozen chips and green beens and a side salad believe me or not that was the best part. So now the trouble our pre order went wrong which can happen anytime anywhere not a problem my miss got a risotto instead a tortellini she took it as she was hungry as was looking nice too meantime manager came over try to sort out the pre order as it was another two dishes wrong as I said my miss took the risotto but a Thanks would be lovely from the manager as we where very flexible but nothing but what is really upsetting at home I realised they still charge me with the tortellini instead a risotto what we had its only £ 1.5 difference so it's really not about them but first a thanks would be nice then still charge me with the wrong dish that is just WRONG !!!!!!! Finally we got the B'day came wohoooo but only the cake we literally have to track done someone for a cake knife and dessert spoons and plates.  
This is my second visit to this Harvester, and I’m sad to say the previous visit was far better. We had a table booked for 1900. The waiting staff forgot we were there and our order wasn’t taken until I asked a member of staff at 1930. Our two meals didn’t turn up until 40 minutes later at 2010, and after we finished we had to wait 25 minutes for a member of staff to come even remotely close so that we could ask for the bill. Even then, it was 10 minutes between being given the bill and a member of staff coming over to take my payment. 
I visited Aren’s for a meeting as they share a catering company with the Grange wedding venue. There is a horrid overwhelming smell of grease and stale oil when you enter which would put me odd ordering any food on the menu. My review is purely on decor and ambience as I have eaten here but I don’t think this would be a place I would chose to spend any money having visited during the day for me personally the decor is tacky and bling. Everybody’s tastes vary but there are nicer places to spend money locally. 
Use to like going here over the years but honestly can't imagine I will ever go back. 
Went here last night with some friends from work. We had booked the table for 8pm but we didn't actually get seated until gone 9.  
Usually love eating here but the food was dried up and disappointing. We had garlic mushrooms which were only warm , meze with dried up cucumber and sweetcorn. Main course chicken solevika with dried up cucumber and tomatoes. Music too loud. Shame as I loved this restaurant. But won't be going back. 
Heat up a a vat of lightly seasoned vegetable stew, add either fish or lamb and ladle it out into a pre heated tagine and call it Tunisian cuisine. 
The food was so overcooked or kept warm so it overcooked and dried out, the mussels were awful, tasted like kippers and were very chewy and rubbery. If I haven't been in a party I would have sent it all back, but didn't want to spoil the evening for everyone. 
We used to visit regularly for a fry-up breakfast during the day. Can seem decent value but had bad experiences in last couple of visits. My friend's toast had green mold on it. On a subsequent visit, my potato chip was moldy! There is also a 20p charge for a portion of marmalade/jam which is quite exorbitant. And the tea, made from bulk loose leaf in an "endless pot" is terrible! Will not be returning anytime soon. Sorry. 
Positives: 
Visited The Med Kitchen this evening. We sat next to the window and we were definitely not one meter away from other tables, in fact the next table one of the customers knocked my husband's foot (a table of 9). Won't being going back in any rush as we didn't feel safe and far too many people In there.  
I booked to go a second time, was initially told that they may be doing sittings but not at the moment and nothing was confirmed or negated so I booked for 630pm arrived and found the place busy ordered starters they arrived after about 20 minutes main course took a while to arrive so much so I looked at my watch it was 7 40 it arrives we finish mains and I ask for dessert menu it was given without a word ,I went to order dessert and one of the waiter / manager said "how long are you going to be as the table was only until 8pm " I explained on arrival no one had mentioned the time Allowed per table ,I wasn't happy if the starters took a long time too arrive and the mains were not given to us until 740 why wasn't I told on arrival about the 8pm deadline I would of gone somewhere else ,or had the choice to do so ,to treat your customers with such contempt is quite unbelievable,the time issue also happened on my first visit,to be honest the food is an average ok no real sparkling standouts just bbq meat done well and quite large portions of chicken shish ,the barly did taste as if it had been batch cooked and we were coming to the end of the batch ,wouldn't return as attidude is wrong ,feel like they are trying to turn too many tables and it shows in the experience I received on both occasions . 
For years people have been saying to go her. Personally I felt like I was cramped and in a school dinner line. Not much room around tables to move around and food was just ok - wouldn't shout about it but maybe I had a bad experience as all my friends really like it here  
We have been to this restaurant quite a few times and have always enjoyed it. Our last visit was quite disappointing. My partner had pork medallions which he'd really enjoyed, I had sea bass fillets, which were very dry, possibly kept warm while the medallions were cooking. The sauté potatoes we shared were extremely overcooked to say the least. When the waitress asked us if we had enjoyed the meal, we said the potatoes were not nice, shy replied " I thought they looked burnt" ! We should have complained at the time, but I certainly won't be going back for quite a while. The week after we went to a restaurant at Sidcuo High Street, the sea bass I ate there was cooked perfectly, which made me realise just how dry my meal had been in Sophie's Choice.. There was a large party seated near us so maybe that was the reason our food was not up to the normal standard. 
Have you ever started a meal with the smiling waiter which starts, “ we have a discount voucher “ and the smile on his face turns to contempt and you are treated like slightly unwelcome guests for the rest of your visit ? 
First time visiting this restaurant and although I would rate the food a 5 as it was delicious unfortunately I’m going to have to only give it 2 as I felt so uneasy being in there whilst we’re in the middle of a pandemic. The tables were far too close together and the restaurant was packed. They didn’t take our names and numbers for track and trace either.  
Very disappointed by the quality of the finger buffet delivered to our home for a family afternoon party recently. Although the food was not required until 3:00 p.m, it had obviously been prepared/cooked many hours before, if not the day before. The children's sandwiches were wet; the small rolls had filling spilling out and looking rather unappetizing; the small Danish pastries weren't baked and were pale and doughy; the stuffed tomatoes were oily. There were some good aspects such as the mini hot dogs and mini burgers - but all in all, lots of food wasn't eaten and I felt quite let down. We were offered a complimentary meal at the Arens Bar & Grill restaurant - but that didn't appeal after our experience. We paid a full price for the buffet - and in view of that, I thought a part-refund would have been offered; I was told that customers "didn't usually complain". I like to support local businesses and had the buffet been of good quality, I would have praised Arens, written a good review, and recommended to friends. It wasn't though - maybe a one off, I don't know - but very disappointing I'm sad to say. 
With great regret I write this review. 
My Thai curry was way too hot, and I am a big curry fan. When I complained was told it was the chillies,they varied. Surely the Chef checked this. Apparently not. They magnanimously knocked £2.50 off our bill.  
As one of the few curry houses in Sidcup that I’ve never tried, I thought I’d pay this one a visit, giving the glowing online reviews.  
When we arrived the volume of the packed (I mean packed in) diners was too loud to hear each other talk. At nine o’clock a woman started singing which increased the volume further! My ears are still ringing as I right this review.  
Generous portion sizes, nice atmosphere and good wine. Also very nice waiters.  
We went here with friends for an early evening meal. The staff were friendly and with a sense of humour but the food was average to poor and we would not go there again. It is in a convenient place but I'm surprised the food is not of better quality given the presence of other Italian restaurants close by. 
We have used this restaurant several times and it is still busy. However our last meal was not so great. The prices are still competitive and there is a varied vegetarian option.  
Tonight was my 3rd visit. After saying it was a good local place to eat so very disappointed tonight. Booked the table for 6:30 got a telephone call to say we can only have the table till 8. Not a problem so said we will come at 6. It was already busy at this time. Ordered our starters hummus beetroot and garlic mushrooms... All very mediocre. Hummus tasted like something we can get in a local supermarket. Then my friends had finished the starter however I am slower but the staff were rushing us. They were taking my plate as I was taking my last mouthful. Even then I was thinking its ok. The mains came I had the grilled Salmon... Over cooked dry salmon with no flavour. The waiter did not even ask why more than half was still on my plate when he took it away. My friend ordered the salmon with tomato sauce and cheese... It was just mush she too left most of it. Have to say the one person who had lamb was satisfied. We all felt rushed through our meal and at the price of over £76.00 with very little alcohol felt this is somewhere we not be again.  
Went to Sophie's Choice for evening meal , started ok ! 
Can't fault the staff that were on duty at all, they were doing their best... however, it was visibly obvious that they were short-staffed! 
2nd time we visited and asked for mashed potato and they didn't have any...i thought it's a restaurant can't they make it from potatoes which they do have?... 
Haven’t used this restaurant for a while but only 10 minutes walk from where we were. Waiter was personable and friendly (if a bit over-friendly calling everybody “me darlings”. I had the same combo which was reasonable at another Harvester - awful. The prawns were fine but the steaks were very gristly and the Cajun chicken, although it looked cooked, had a very strange texture like it was raw. Fair play to the waiter who apologised profusely and had one of the meals taken off the bill. Will be a long tine before I visit again, if ever, and will check reviews first. 
As we had been disappointed by Harvester in Bushey we decided to try the Ruislip one again as it was always nice. Unfortunately things seemed to have gone downhill there too. There was nobody there to greet and seat us and we had to find someone who said she would sort it out soon. Once again, as with the Bushey branch, the salad bar was badly stocked and there were no white bread rolls. Also a repeat of Bushey in that one of the orders came with the wrong accompaniment. I feel that Harvester is going badly downhill and I don't feel inclined to return.  
Very dissapointed have not been here for a while and am in no hurry to return hair in both starter and main courses and when complained was told by manager well not from my kitchen as my chefs are bald and only when i passed kitchen on way to toilet saw both chefs complete with a good head of hair only then did the manager suggest a refund .was not the point expected better .service slow and confused below average food and overpriced not the place once was should have gone elsewere would not recomend  
Went here with my parents who came to visit us in Teddington for the first time. We'd been to quite a few restaurants and heard a lot of people talk about red peppers but never been ourselves until that point. 
Have visited a few times with family (never my choice to be honest). It's affordable and the food is OK and large portions. One waitress was excellent but overall I was not impressed given I had to ask 3 times if they had soya milk (they don't) and 3 times for the bill (I think the waiting staff asked but apparently the boss had to do it and there was clearly no rush from their perspective (the place wasn't busy)). 
sadly.writing this.. went back after two successful group evenings but this time was disappointed. they have got greedy,  
Went here for the first time in a long time. Steak was cooked as ordered ( medium-rare) fries were either over-cooked or had been kept warm for too long, chicken was slightly over-cooked and dry 
Would recommend using the app to pay the bill. 
First thought is that this restaurant sells out a bit by having too many table which infringes on your personal,space in order to make a bigger profit, however ambience with lovely lights in ceiling makes it very romantic! Been few times before and music on a Friday always a big bonus! Tonight not so great! Can't diss the food it's fantastic, however tonight I ordered a vege pasta and asked for chicken to be added, in honesty I wanted a chicken dish off the special menu but just couldn't afford it. When the bill came I had been charged for the actual chicken dish I couldn't afford, when i pointed this out I was told that it was equivalent because I'd had chicken, it had Infact doubled the price of my meal! I told the waiter I should have bee told this and I would have had the meal I wanted, his attitude changed straight away, he bacame argumentative and unhelpful and to an extent rude! I don't see how they can put a meal on the bill that I haven't had, I think trading standards may find it interesting! What a shame because this restaurant has some of the best food in the area! 
We went as a group of 11 for pre-Xmas meal. Four of our friends had been before (not during the Xmas season) and recommended it. 
From the other reviews maybe we were just unlucky. Table for 6 at 2100 on a Friday night. Restaurant was obviously fully booked. We arrived and had to wait 15 minutes for the table. As still occupied . We sat down and ordered and then proceeded to wait over an hour to receive any food. The kitchen was obviously too busy and could not cope with the volumes. We were offered a free drink when we complained but something should have been done before that food. Unfortunately the food was average and not hot when finally served. 
Since the menu has changed, I’ve stopped coming except once now to see what it’s like and it was the same so I won’t be going back anytime soon. They removed the chicken with kicking garlic butter which was perfect but they replaced sauces with fake ones that are not fresh and I am very picky about sauces.., I won’t eat if they’re like that. So, chicken ends up dry and bland tasting. So nothing else on the menu I’d eat. I think a lot of people stopped visiting after the menu change as it doesn’t seem busy anymore  
went for Sunday lunch and was very disappointed with the food. 
Having booked for 7pm and been advised that the table would be needed again for 8.30 (which was fine), we ordered one starter and three main courses, all to come together, and three drinks. The drinks came quickly but the food, although excellent when it eventually turned up, took nearly 50 minutes to arrive. After being given our meals, no one checked if everything was OK or whether we needed more drinks (ours were almost finished before the food came). The table next to ours got a disproportionate amount of attention, as there was a child there. We were, on the whole, ignored. There is a very good Italian, Il Toscano, right next door, which we will definitely revert to from now on. 
Heard and read some really good reviews but was disappointed. Very limited vegetarian options. The three cheese toastie was not a toastie but fried bread, very greasy and with very little salad. 
Failed the basic test. Served hot food on cold plates! Tasty but cold and when pointed out was told they are normally hot! 
Visited this restaurant tonight, the Prawns and Avocado were black, told the waitress but nothing done. Came home and husband was violently ill. Won't be going back 
I have visited this place many times and it has always been really good. 
Table was booked for five of us, we asked to increase this two days before our visit to six so that our niece could meet our friends from Sweden, we were told this was not possible so we arranged to meet her after our Sunday lunch. This arrangement fell through, read on and you will find out why! 
I have used this restaurant in the past for a couple of uneventful takeaways; never been tempted to sit down as I find being greeted at the door by a Sari-clad meeter and greeter a little pretentious and completely unnecessary. We are after all in Sidcup, not Mayfair. 
This was received as a gift and as such we need to restrain our comments. Very poor value for money. Quality of the food was average, and in one or two areas, tasteless. The service was rushed and inefficient, being seated at a very wobbly table was an experience we've never encountered before in a 4 star establishment, especially as a waiter had to place a considerable amount of cardboard under the table to stabilise it. This was after the drinks had been spilled...... The table position on the undulating floor was not appropriate and should have been dealt with prior to guests being seated. The staff, although pleasant, seemed more focused on maintaining their time schedule than the needs of the paying guest. 
We’ve recently visited this restaurant. Our first impression was good, the atmosphere was very nice and welcoming. However on cleanliness side it was very poor! Tables were dirty with bread crumbs and there were cleaning products left (cleaning sprays and cleaning cloths)on some tables which were very unpleasant to eyes :( I understand that they were probably understaffed but there was only 2 table were occupied apart from our table !!! I ordered a cocktail and after like 5-10 mins a different waiter came to our table and told us they don’t actually make that cocktail !! If so why do u still keep that on ur menu ? Or why don’t u update the staff on unavailability of that ? Anyway, I ordered another one, after 10 mins waiter came up with a cocktail which was dripping from the glass all the way from bar to our table. Most probably the poor choice of glass but come on how could u not see that!!! Ahh also forgot to mention that there was a threadlike dust in my water glass and I had to bring that to their attention as well as asking them to remove cleaning cloth from our table  
My second visit here and sadly I was disappointed. My first visit was on a Tuesday evening so the restaurant was quiet. My Sister and I had 3 courses with a bottle of wine. We were both very happy with all courses and the service was good. My second visit was on a Saturday evening so as I expected the restaurant was busy. We ordered a bottle of wine first while we chose our food. We ordered our starters and asked if we wait a while be gore we ordered our main as it was a birthday and we wanted to make an evening of it. We were told that if we delayed ordering our main, the wait would be a long one! The starters were ok but then, prawn cocktail and stuffed mushrooms are basic I guess. My main, sea bass fillets were good but my partners chicken escallop was so dry and over cooked that he couldn't cut it. He sent it back and chose again from the menu, but of course by the time his Neal came out, I had eaten mine! The sauté potatoes had burnt bits on them so they didn't look very appetising. My advice is, if you are going to Sophie's, go early week when it's quite. 
We were recommended Sophie's good food so booked a table as a family for Christmas day.  
Last night was my first visit to Arens Restaurant and I have to say my last. 
went in a party of 10 on a Saturday evening. place has good ambience with service that could be better. all was ok going as well as could until the house wine arrived. OMG not only was it awful but the way it was distributed was appalling. quarter of a glass of water was suddenly topped with this horrid substitute for wine, and with realisation of mistake, was just given mumbled apology and given a clean glass. no one was requested to try the wine or wine menu offered.  
Waiter service is appalling, after our popadoms our starter was brought to the table without clearing the table I had to explain best to clear the table first. 
Visited last night to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday. It started badly when the waitress who was serving us appeared not to know how open or pour champagne properly and struggled to answer very basic questions about the menu ie what the ingredients were in a couple of the dishes.  
So the missus and myself decided to further explore the eateries of Sutton having eaten in many of the nice restaurants around there- Uno Tapas and Mama's Dumplings but to name but a few. The lovely blurb on the Internet advertised the Spaghetti Tree as a family run restaurant since 1985 and we were immediately taken. 
Woo what an experience. The restaurant were full and we had not got a booking as our host had completely forgotten to book. This was not a problem and the staff found us a table and we were not kept waiting at all. So far so good. Interesting restaurant and the toilets are right at the top of the stairs. A Stannah stair lift has been installed which is great as the restaurant seems to attract a lot of elderly folk.  
Upon arrival we had to stand for 10 minutes to be seated even though the premises was not busy on a wednesday afternoon. After we had been seated i had to ask management for our refill glasses because they were not given to us for about 10 minutes. Food was ok staff were polite but there time mangement and welcoming service needs work! 
I visited with a friend on 13/04/18 at 4pm. We didn’t book in advance as the place is never busy so we knew we didn’t need to, and walked straight in and seated ourselves in the bar area. When at the bar to order(whilst being ignored) two members off staff(female young 16-18) stood there moaning to one another slagging off customers that turn up and don’t book before hand “expecting to be served” (sorry but your job is to serve people)  
Decided to try this place for a birthday meal as reviews were good online.  
been going to red peppers for many years and it has always been good for the money. you get what you pay for and the kids love it, they go a lot on there own. we went as a family and they were not to busy but they seamed to have only 3 staff running around. service was good but they were to stretched. food was not as good as it has been, i have the same most times and this time not good. I have had the same dish 3 times now and every time its different. someone needs to check the product when it comes in, buying poor ingredients and then selling them is not good. 
Had a very expensive meal here with a few bottles of very expensive vini! would not have minded but the lamb shank was like rubber and not even hot!!! never again they have gone right down hill! 
Visited tonight Saturday 21st October. Loads of noisy kids running around, and doors left open as they kept running in and out so was cold and uncomfortable. Floor looked filthy and also toilet floor filthy round the sides. 
Small and cramped.. found the food ok but I wouldnt go back here. We had a little discression over a few pence (im talking about 10p) we didnt leave for the optional service charge when we had raked up a bill of over £150 and had been here previously that week for another occasion 
Previous visit will probably be the last. The place was filthy. The booth seats were stained, the menus were sticky. The floor was sticky, the pub drinks selection is poor with no bitters. No beef rib, only told this when I ordered rather than when I Sat down as should be customary. 
The occasion was a granddaughters birthday celebration - for seniors! mum dad grandparents and great- grandparents. 
The roast I had in here was pretty poor to be honest, meat was very tough and the veg was overcooked and boring. Service was ok the place had a nice atmosphere but I have had better pub roasts elsewhere. They only had one veggie option for my partner as well which is pretty disappointing in 2019. Won't be coming back  
Such a disappointment. I was initially very excited about the opening of a new local place to eat but unfortunately I was severely let down. It's such a shame as the staff were so lovely and faultless but the food really was bad. The menu was very limited and even though what they did offer was extravagantly titled, the food did not live up to their fancy names. My starter was a tart that was very under cooked in the middle and the sauce on my pasta ( the main) was flavourless and clearly from a packet. My friend ordered salmon and what arrived was a very dry small bit of fish. Desserts were nice but clearly pre bought/frozen. I do hope that this is a case of a new business still finding their feet in the food industry but as it stands the food is extremely mediocre. Interior decor quite tacky but again staff were pleasent and large tip left due to their efforts being the only positive during the evening. Really hope this was a blip and would return in a few months in hope that the quality had improved. 
Oh dear, I'm sorry but this place is incredibly chavy; The decor belongs on the only way is Essex. The food was ok, although fairly expensive for the quality. Completely unimpressed. To end on a positive, the waiting staff was very attentive and friendly. 
Had family staying with us during half term, so decided to go out for dinner early Sunday evening 6:00pm . 
The meat was cooked nicely and good variety on menu but nothing else good to say, except female waitress was very pleasant. 
I went back to red peppers after a few years and I could not believe how bad the food quality is at the moment. Me and my partner were amazed how the food did not have any taste what so ever... any ready meal at the supermarket would have more flavour.  
Booked a table for 6.30 greeting at the door was not very welcoming food was okay nothing to rave about one waiter in particular was arrogant not a relaxing atmosphere at all will not be returning my son lives in the area he's been twice and said he would not return soft drinks menu not much choice  
lovely food but too dark for my liking! snobby toilet dark wouldn't lock but lovely service and nice place if you like that sort of thing!  
Christmas lunch consisted of chaotic service, long waits in between courses and very mediocre food. So disappointing. We were not on a budget but at £150 per head, expected something half decent. They crammed in as many tables and possible. It was a disaster. They have also turned this once elegant restaurant with beautiful furnishings into a cafe.  
My wife and I have eaten many times at the Bingham and for the first time we were disappointed with the meal. The pumpkin soup was lukewarm, the mackerel starter was tasty but a minuscule portion of the fish, possibly less than one quarter of a fillet and the skate was not cooked. The service was good. Standards have fallen after the refurbishment  
Had dinner at the newly named Junction restaurant on Friday night for the first time. The venue inside is great, lovely bar area and lighting but tables are really packed in. The menu is really confused, some Indian, Spanish, French amongst others dishes and am not really sure what cuisine it is supposed to be however there is a lot of choice. We had chicken skewers with satay sauce and cheese bread sticks with Romesco which were lacking in flavour and seasoning. For main my husband had steak which was fine, and I had the coconut curry. The curry was again ok but lacking in flavour and I wouldn’t have again given the price. Desserts were Elton mess ( lots of cream and about 1 strawberry) and a gluten free chocolate cake, both forgettable. Service was a little slow but considering it was very busy it was understandable. This place has potential but until the quality of the food matches the price, we won’t be returning. 
I'm a big fan of the Spaghetti Tree in Walton-on-the-Hill, but have never been to the Sutton restaurant. Went on Saturday night with my mother-in-law, and we'd pre-booked a table for 7pm. 
I have to agree with other poor reviews here. I booked for afternoon tea for a special birthday celebration. Very poor service from uninterested, unsmiling, unprofessional waiting staff. She knocked a champagne glass over (although we had already knocked one over so 1:1), we were left sitting in our corner without her even looking over when we were ready to pay. When I complained to who I assume was the manager he didn’t apologise at all, was very defensive and told me he had been round about 15 mins before to “ask if everything was ok”. And then they put a substantial service charge on which I refused to pay. The most disappointing element was that I had several times said it was a big special birthday for my mother and absolutely no reference was made to this - no smiling greeting from waitress, not even the usual chocolate Happy Birthday on a plate. Manager made no reference either on his cursory walk round. So jo special feeling at all for a celebration. These small things make a difference for this level of hotel and prices. I’m a Richmond local but won’t be returning , nor would I recommend. Better and friendlier places in Richmond to go. 
Rude service... we left before ordering wouldnt go again.... no one to seat us so we seated ourselves only to be told we had not booked even though the table was free.. so we were lucky to get it! And that we always had to book so assume no walk in service. Uncomfortable seating as benches have hard seams and we were not allowed! To move the table 6 inches over.... poor...m 
I stopped at Otto's for Sunday lunch on my own. I initially wanted to order something from the kid's menu as I wasn't as hungry after having the welcome starter but the waiter told me the management doesn't allow adults to have it. So i chose a dish with lamb, garlic, beetroot, asparagus, mash and mint sauce - which sounded exciting.  
What can I say- I didn’t feel Covid safe at this restaurant. We decided to try it out on the EOHO scheme but will not return. No sanitiser at the door, staff not wearing masks or socially distancing from diners, tables very close together, didn’t see anyone sanitising anything while we were there, no tables clothes, table ware handled bare handed. We were sat next to an older couple who were also looked very unsure as to the lack of guidance. No one way system, no bathroom regs. It was like covid didn’t exist other than the measly round sticker on the floor in front of the door to wait here to be let in.  
Our meal started with a uncooked raw chicken kebab which was replaced after the waiter blamed the chef. Our mail meal was fine until the same waiter said we would have to leave soon as they needed our table. We spent £140 in the Curry Mahal only to be asked to leave after we had eaten.  
This should be a 5 star review but India Essence have decided to run a bit of a scam.  
We had been there many times and had enjoyed everything about it. The food, Service and the atmosphere was second to none but this time we were very disappointed with everything. The mix grill was small and the aubergine dish was bland. The service was something to be desired. Although the restaurant was not very busy 2-3 tables we still had to wave at a waiter (or maybe the owners son) to be attended. There was an old man sitting in an area opposite the bar in old clothes( maybe the owner ) who we had to wave at to bring us the bill.  
I have previously written a 5 star review as i have been there many times and i have never been disappointed with their great food and excellent customer services. 
- Décor when we visited was tired and more a little shabby 
I’m writing this from the restaurant, booked a week ago got a table in the middle of the restaurant non stop people walking both sides of you no peace at all. Prosecco flat sent it back next glass the same. Food mediocre at best. We wouldn’t come back 
We had tried this restaurant before and were unimpressed but in view of supporting local businesses, decided to give it another try last Monday before Christmas: It might have changed. On arrival, our instincts told us to turn back but in the spirit of forgiveness, we stayed. The only waiter on duty was too busy chatting with a couple of businessmen (the only other customers) to even greet us or seat us. We seated ourselves feeling somewhat unwelcome. Maybe 5 minutes later the Waiter approached us handing us the menu, he was polite enough but clearly distracted by the other diners as he went back frequently to chat. The Pure Indian Cooking menu has a good selection of authentic tastes with different dishes not often found in other restaurants. I had the asparagus and pine nuts which was only ok and too salty for my personal taste. Intrigued by the Halibut Cafreal (as we had only heard of it with chicken) my partner ordered it but couldn't have more than a few spoonfuls: reportedly being very bitter in taste. On the menu, the Cafreal was served with fried potato but these looked for all the world like Smiths chipsticks sprinkled on the top. If you are looking for something not offered in other Indian restaurants then give it a try. Looking at other reviews, I had to double check that we were talking about the same restaurant as it has some good ratings; I guess we went on the wrong night but we will never know. If the service had been better, then we would have returned to try the rest of the menu and as a parting shot which I have agonised on whether or not to mention but it has to be known, it is time to get the Waiter another uniform so one can be washed and the other worn, alternatively. 
we were a party of 3, we arrived at 8. p.m. and ordered drinks. at 8.20 p.m. we enquired where our drinks were and indicated we also wanted to order. at 8.30 p.m. the waiter said they had lost our drinks order so we ordered again (wish we had left then!). and at 8.45 p,.m. the drinks arrived and we ordered our food. we finished our drinks and were asked if we wanted more, but we were not inclined by then to order any more drinks. our food arrived at 9.30 p.m. the food was nice, but the service and the waiting was as though we were irrelevant to them. We asked for the bill - it took a little while to come and we finally left at 10.30 p.m. having had one round of drinks and one course. half-hearted apology - nothing taken off the bill for our wait - did offer a round of free drinks at the end but by that time we just wanted to leave. Will not go back there. There is a lot of competition in Sidcup with regard to restaurants so will steer clear of this one in future. 
Not very nice Indian food. Having traveled to India a lot I can safely say this place serves up food that bares little resemblance to actual Indian food. If you are really drunk and really hungry it will do a job. However there are many many better Indian restaurants in London. 
Attended 3/1/20 as part of a family birthday party of 6. Food was exceptional on what was a quiet Friday evening customer-wise. However, when you part with over £540 including a voluntary £60 gratuity, a complimentary drink would have been most welcome. Staff were just keen to knock off early and we were ushered out at 10.29. So just remember when visiting this restaurant..your gratuity is entirely voluntary.  
Had a family dinner at this restaurant and found the meal to be varied. Starter was excellent but the railway lamb I ordered was simply a seared chunk of lamb which was under cooked with a smear of sauce. The meat was not infused with the sauce at all and was VERY pink. Only ate half of it but no staff enquired whether there was an issue. Too busy and service somewhat haphazard. 
Interesting menus .  
We walked into the restaurant on the evening of a concert at the stadium. It was busy but they found us a table. Our mistake was walking in! The service was lack lustre and disinterested at best and the main courses when they arrived were not good. My husband went for the grilled sardines which were average and I selected the sword fish, calamari and giant prawns with a fennel salad. It was just awful. Not a good experience. 
Had seen the reviews of this place and when we went there on spec we thought "Great". The place was heaving and there was a great atmosphere. Shame this wasn't reflected in the food we received. The waiters were attentive, our orders of drinks came promptly although the first waiter forgot our jug of water the 2nd waiter corrected this omission pdq. The starters were OK altho' the salmon fish cake looked rather burnt and, to be honest, what can you do wrong to filo prawns? 
I think it may be best if I bullet point all the bad things about my trip to The George Harvester. I'm a regular customer of Harvester and usually enjoy the delicious and affordable meals they provide... However, this visit left me disappointed.  
Like the review below we were victims to the large noisy group , who were seated near to us, we booked last minute fir our anniversary due to our original restaurant having to be cancelled because of London Bridge area lock down. We’ve had positive experiences here normally, the food was lovely , the staff attentive, but the noise was unbearable from the large group, I couldn’t hear my husband talking to me, as soon as we’d eaten we were off. Not sure if I’ll be back.  
Poor value and totally taking advantage of visiting Rugby fans for 6 Nations game..£50 3 course set menu was poor choice and even worse value and all that was available. 
SaturdayNot visited for a year or so, booked as a special Christmas treat. There was a Christmas party with young people shouting and swearing across the restaurant which was not the behaviour I would expect at an upmarket restaurant. Also as a father and understanding of children at restaurants, I would not expect that the entertainment of a child next to my table to constantly be listening to children computer games and Thomas the Tank engine at 8:30 pm. In addition, I ordered a drink to have with my meal which was forgotten and brought when I had finished eating.  
I’ve been eating at Otto’s since it opened in Wa nstead. Always a delight-fabulous food and impeccable service. On the last two occasions it has been awful. Poor food and indifferent service at best. This evening my food was completely cold, but we’d waited so long for it I ate it. The presentation and quality not a patch on what it usually is. The waiter couldn’t care less but to be fair I could see that he was stretched to his limit. Otto changed hands, so we hear, a month or two ago and it really shows. I for one won’t be back. 
The place was pretty quiet but felt cosy and reviews suggested it would be pretty good. Alas, it was not. Service was slow and the food took a while even though it was quiet. They forgot one order for our party of 8 - not exactly rocket science. The food was bland and ordinary, and overpriced. I had a calzone and there was almost no filling. I wouldn't go back.  
We were a large group so had the semi set meze. Cold meze is basically a teaspoon taster of each, hot meze was ok but could have been from a super market. My main was the "sultans mixed grill" which incurred a surcharge, again this was ok but nothing more. The service was very slow trying to get a drink ordered was nearly impossible. Spent most of the evening looking at an uncleared table and an empty glass. 
This Harvester used to be cheap and cheerful. The food was never anything amazing but it was always tasty and consistent. The service used to be really good and it felt like you were very welcome. 
We have been coming here for two years and unfortunately this place has slipped so far down the list it is nothing short of a disaster!  
Empty restaurant on a Sunday lunch-time. Is listed as a Hi-Life Members' restaurant but they refused to acknowledge this. Finally, they agreed they were but no apology given. All had pizzas and the dough was such an odd consistency you couldn't cut it or chew it, particularly as it cooled! The toppings, however, were nice. We only ordered two drinks for our party of four. When the bill arrived, we had been charged for two extra drinks, totalling nearly £10 extra which, funnily enough, was the amount of discount they begrudgingly gave us for being Hi-Life members! All in all, a horrible experience which spoilt what should have been a special occasion. 
First off I am going to admit that perhaps it was JUST ME who had a bad meal here. We came as a large group for brunch. The menu is pretty short but fair enough. My partner & I ordered the Full English breakfast. £7.50 with juice/Prosecco = happy days! 
I ordered Seafood Salad, one of the specials of the day, only to be told it was not available. I then ordered the 800A pizza but was very disappointed with it. There was too much crust and could get better from Dominos. My husband ordered the seafood spaghetti but the seafood was not fresh. Our godson ordered the Italian sausage spaghetti.  
I visited This restaurant with my family for a birthday dinner. I have never visited this restaurant before but heard it had a good reputation. Well I don't know where it got its reputation from, the food and the service was average, one of my family said he had better takeaways. 
I always had a take away from Xian and recently the food is taste so salty and too much MSG as you can taste it. 
It's always busy and very very very slow service. Service is friendly most of the time, but it's not efficient. This is one of the bad restaurants in the Harvester chain, but I do state that there aren't many good ones! Pity I moved into the area and left a good Harvester behind! 
We arrived on a wet night expecting good things - it was reasonably full considering the weather and we had read good reviews on Travelzoo but did not go on any offer. The service was surly and unfriendly. First impressions were good as the toilets are immaculate. The food disappointed hugely though - both a bruschetta and grilled veggies starter were stone cold and not very good. The pizza I had with vegetables was totally tasteless with no flavour whatsoever. The wine was overpriced. All in all a very disappointing experience. Not a smile was cracked by any of the staff. 
Visited Friday night for the first time with two friends. The restaurant is now unfortunately a victim of its own success. We were given a table next to the door which was far too close to the bar area. The restaurant became extremely busy and as the tables for the new guests were not ready a very large group of over 15 people congregated and drank for 25 minutes right next to our table. This made it feel like a rough pub on a Friday evening. I booked 5 weeks in advance and so it was very surprising that we had the worst table in the restaurant. Staff were polite and the food was very good but a restaurant experience needs to be more than just good food. If you book, try a week night or lunch to enjoy the food but I suspect most Friday and Saturday evenings are overbooked like last night. Spend your £200 somewhere else. Extremely Disappointing. I won’t be going back. 
On 19th October my Husband and I visited Indian Essential. We arrived at 7:45pm and once seated we were handed a cocktail menu and the waiter then went to serve another table. 15 minutes later we were asked what we would like to drink at which point we asked for a drinks menu as we hadn’t been given one. Once we had ordered our drinks we asked for a food menu, we were bought one to share as they were all in use. After 20 minutes our drinks arrived and we placed our food order which included popadoms, which we then waited 20 minutes for at which point my Husband went to ask a waiter if they were on their way. Shortly after, the popadoms did arrive, closely followed by our starter, so we didn’t have a chance to enjoy the popadoms.  
Disappointing and over priced. The Chicken Jhalfrezie was far too salty, for the Malabar Fish Curry, the Tilapia was coated in batter then served in a thick sauce so the batter was completely soggy and the Dhingri Muttar, chosen because the headline ingredient was mushrooms, actually had more peas than mushrooms.  
My family and friends decided on eating out one evening to celebrate a birthday. The original choice was the Harvester in Northolt however due to heavy traffic we opted for the closer option on Ruislip High Street.  
We have eaten here in the past and have been pleased with the service and food. However after our last visit (last night) we wernt so happy. The food was below the usual standard not only in quantity but quality and the service was like something out of a comedy sketch. We were brought and charged for the wrong food and our main meals were placed on the table without clearing our starters so we stacked them ourselves out of the way. On being closed in the past for a referb it has done nothing to improve its image it seemed like a cheap diner experience.  
I found the food here to be disappointly lacking in quality. Quite how falafel could taste so bad I'm not sure...the other dishes were largely bland and uninspiring. I attended as part of a large group for a birthday celebration and the hospitality could also improve. Rather than giving bottles of water for each table, the waiters insisted on filling the glasses by minuscule amounts and then taking the bottles away. Quite bizarre  
So on my way back from the land of lego my wife and 2 boys decided to stop at the harvester. It's been an absolute age since I have been to one and I very much doubt I would go again. We did not book and had a little wait no problems there. My wife had to take the kids to the toilet during this wait and the toilets were an absolute state to the point they had to wait for the disabled one to free up. I ordered a few drinks from the bar all good so far. Then our little gadget buzzed to say the table is ready. We were shown to the table was given a little explanation on how things work, salad bar, sauces, etc... all good so far... not long after an old deer came over and took our order. We went for the salad bar and drinks finished... waited, waited, waited... no one came to ask if we wanted more drinks and the food took ages to come out. When the food did finally come my kids were full on the rabbit food and no one even asked how our meal was (it was ok and nothing special) so we then moved on to the desert as it was part of the kids meal ... did anyone take our empty plates ... no... the old deer was run off her feet... took ages to take a payment also to the point we almost walked out... another bug also they put stuff on the kids menu that is not even part of the kids meal deals something we had to question... but things went a little worse as we had a view of the doors to the kitchen and it was left open ... I can tell you the kitchen area was nasty made me and my wife feel ill... would we go back most definitely not... 
We ordered takeaway for delivery on 9 May. Felt like kitchen was overwhelmed. Delivery was very late and quality was well below normal standard. Won’t be using takeaway service again. 
I have been visiting this restaurant for over 25 years, back in the days when it used to be called Bunters. The pizzas used to be really good, but not any more. There's now a strange artificial taste about the food. The vegetarian enchilada is unbelievable stodgy. On my last visit all the pizzas we ordered were burnt. They can't afford to let standards slip with so many other good eateries in Teddington. 
Visited as a couple on a not-too-busy Saturday night, fully expecting to pay in excess of £120 for the meal, which we did. 
... but I just don't get it. Dated decor, long list of uninspiring menu choices, consistent with the drab and sloppily prepared food. Friendly and quick service, reasonable prices - but that's all. 
We got in and we’re shown to a very small table. Incredibly loud and my partner & I couldn’t hear each other even from a short distance. Took a long time to be served, even after catching the attention of a waitress twice. Tables that came in after us were served before we were. I suggested we left but the partner was hungry.  
Well we went for a lunch, large group of us.  
We came here on a Saturday night and the only way to describe the entrance was carnage... They had overbooked and there were people queuing outside, trying to get to they’re table. I asked the hostess and she described this as a normal Saturday night....We had a table booked at 8.30, got seated at 9.15 and still hadn’t got a menu at 9.30... it was dismal. The service improved as people left but that wasn’t until 10pm that we had drinks and a menu. The food was fantastic my partner was less complimentary) but the service definitely needs improving. It wasn’t from a lack of effort from the staff, just merely the management being greedy and trying to herd customers in like cattle.  
Just returned from afternoon tea at the Bingham, chosen because we have been several times before and this truly was one of our favourite hotels anywhere and the fact we had a voucher!! 
A group of us came to the Bingham for afternoon tea for a friends birthday and the whole thing was a disappointment as well as being expensive, I have had far better afternoon teas for a lot less cost than this and I had imaged that it would be something more special. 
We booked dinner recently at The Bingham to celebrate a birthday. 
My wife and I had dinner here on 24 Sept.’18. Having not been here in over six years, we found the restaurant to be largely unchanged. It has a comfortable, smart appearance (although our table didn’t have a table cloth - more bistro than fine dining). We sat at a window table, with romantic views of the Thames. However, I found the overall atmosphere to be muted, with no tangible identity.  
The food on the set menu (Boxing Day) was lovely, but the service was far too slow. Booking for 6 people at 1 p.m....just got home (5 mins away) at 5 pm. Also the bill was unnecessarily incomprehensible and complicated. 
My wife & I arrived early and we were asked to sit on a table adjacent to the door until our table was ready. This seemed odd because the restaurant was almost empty at the time. However, this wasn't a problem. 
Let me start by saying the food is good and i cant fault it (except for desserts). However, wouldn't go there again unless you like cheesy blasting music all night , so much so, don't expect to have a conversation with the people are dining with - you wont hear each other. It seems more about dancing and the belly dancer (who acts in quite a degrading way rather than just entertaining. it's not one for families).  
Xian is one of those restaurants that we have been meaning to visit for years but not quite getting around to it! It has always had a good reputation and is often cited as being one of Gary Rhodes' favourite restaurants. Last night we visited for the first time and, frankly, were totally underwhelmed! 
We came here after reading the good reviews but to be honest this was below average . Our order was taken wrongly and my starter and pizza were cold. Overall they need to get a pad to take orders rather memory and when they make mistakes rectify it rather than provide cold food.  
Recently we had superb afternoon tea at the stunning Chewton Glen in Hampshire. Last weekend (Saturday 4th August) we were at The Bingham in Richmond. The Chewton Glen was £29.50 / The Bingham was £25. You’d expect The Chewton Glen to be slightly more expensive because it’s a world class hotel. Nevertheless both were at well known, so I’ll compare the two. 
This evening was ruined by staff being very pushy about selling more alcohol. The waitress kept topping up the wine glasses of people who did not have an empty glass so that to make sure before she came to the table the bottle would be empty and she she would be able to suggest us buying another bottle. She continued to do this even though 2 members of our party asked her not to pour our wine.  
Ordered takeaway pizzas after reading many great reviews on TripAdvisor, and normally go to Portobello Ristorante or Farina, yet we were extremely disappointed to arrive home, open the boxes to find that one was cold, and both pizzas consisted mainly of unappetising thick perimeter of crust that extended into the middle, dough undercooked in the middle, with only a tennis-ball sized spoonful of sauce in the centre, congealed tasteless meat, and tired topping. One was OK flavour wise, and was at least warm, but the other obviously had been sitting around, even though we had to wait on arrival. Obviously they were very busy, and the staff member was friendly but we absolutely won't be returning. 
What on earth is going on in the restaurant industry with every other new London opening offering what must have become the most popular food on the High Street i.e. Turkish/Mediterranean?  
I'm sure when they are on their game, the food and the atmosphere is top rate. As it should be with the quality of the name in the kitchen. Sadly, the front of house wasn't up to spec when my family and I visited earlier this month. Ignored at the podium, despite a reservation, no offer of water or drinks until we requested, never a check to see if the food was to our expectation, and a number of items on the menu not available. After the meal, there were a number of issues on the bill that the staff seemed to be ignorant to. It should not be a chore to give a business money. Trying to resolve the issue, onsite and online, few if any are willing to do anything other than provide lip service. Being an airport location, they may feel that they can get away with the "one and done" nature of most of their clientele.  
Went with friends for a meal on the May Bank Holiday...will never be returning. 
We came for a meal for my birthday and felt the service was extremely rude and rushed.we was just left to it once we didnt want any alcohol... food was nice just shame about your staff 
Vastly overpriced. Everything tasted average and the portions were laughably small. The carrot cake was literally a few crumbs on a plate, not even a slice. 
We ate here last night and had the tasting menu, 5 courses for £50. We have visited the Bingham numerous times as it has always provided great service and delivered great food but have left feeling rather let down this time around. The starter of mackerel was nice but the accompaniment lacked flavour, the risotto was undercooked, the beef was chewy and lacked seasoning. The desserts were ok but we were already disappointed. The service was good, what you would expect from an establishment like the Bingham. There are many restaurants in Richmond offering better value for money. 
So went today to celebrate someone's birthday. We don't see it other that often so it was really nice to see each other for a nice meal. Well I have never felt so rushed to eat a meal. We ordered starters and they asked if we wanted wine. We thought it would be nice to choose a bottle once we had decided what to have for our main. Every 5 mins they come back and asked if we wanted wine yet. They must have asked about 20 times all in all. When we did order starters it was in front of us in a couple of mins so couldn't have been cooked fresh. One we finished our meal we were still drinking the wine but they seemed keen for us to go. We were in there for about an hour and 20 mins which I don't think is very long for starters and main. To top it of the tip is added to the bill and I did not think the service was worth 10%  
Service good, food adequate, but oh ! the size of the portions. Miniscule and ungenerous about describes them. Any smaller and they'd be down to single molecule size. On leaving the restaurant last week, and having paid eight hundred and fifty pounds for a meal for eight persons, one of our friends said wistfully "...you know, we pass a fish-and-ship-shop on the way home...." 
I have been wanting to try this restaurant for sometime, but had been unsure about some of the dishes on the menu. I decided to give it a go, as the reviews and hygiene ratings were good....... 
Had lunch with a friend. Was about average, starter over cooked, main good! A lot better down the road, at Gezi Park!  
I complained about the fact that, having had a Hair in our food, which you say is from a butter brush, you didn't answer the fact that you add a gratuity to the bill whatever our experience! In our case, we feel the waiting service was ok, but the management just ignored our complaint. So why should the waiting staff be punished for something that has nothing to do with them. I always add a gratuity, as both my daughter and I both work in the service industry. We always hope the waiting staff get the gratuity too? I just don't like the Management forcing it on us! If you get bad service from the waiting staff, how do you let them know? It can be embarrassing to be questioned at the end of a meal. In truth, none of this would be an issue if the experience at your Restaurant was as good as it should be! I should only be writing rave reviews on Trip Advisor 
I took my Daughter to this rather special restaurant to cheer her up. After sitting at our table, we were offered a small dumpling like taster. My daughter cut hers open with a fork, only to discover what looked very much like a grey pubic hair!!!!! We reluctantly decided to point this out to the staff.  
We were so looking forward to going to this restaurant, we had looked up the web site when our friends suggested it. 
We've been to the Bingham a number of times and have always enjoyed the food, the surroundings and the friendly and attentive staff, however last week we went to enjoy the tasting menu, a treat bought for me by my daughter to mark a landmark birthday, and sadly the experience was very disappointing. The service in the restaurant was achingly slow and we sat for long periods between courses, as did other tables around us. We skipped the cheese course but even with that we were at our table for over 3 hours. We got the impression that the serving staff were embarrassed, and one told us that they had not expected many diners that night (in fact the restaurant was full) and as a consequence there was only one person in the kitchen. The food itself was also not of the standard or quality that we had come to expect of the Bingham and despite having notified them beforehand that one diner was coeliac two parts of the meal arrived at the table with gluten ingredients and had to be replaced. 
I purchased a pizza and was not impressed. The quality was not great, and it didn't taste nice because of that. The pizza dough was nice and that was it. The service was not great either, they had some of their friends at the table next to us and would just go there and have a conversation with them. There are nicer places for a cheaper price elsewhere. They apply a service charge as well which was uncomfortable when I confirmed the price and they just ignored what I said and took my cash without explaining it was more expensive. 
I appreciate that the afternoon tea is just a way of squeezing out some cash before lunch and dinner but it shouldn't be so obvious.  
Very stressed and forced serving. 
My 2nd visit here & we were really not impressed. The quality of the food was poor seemed like the chef just threw together the dishes. The yogurt had an off taste to it. When mentioning this to the owner it was brushed aside.  
had read reviews about this place and decided to try it. food was served within 15 minutes of our order - there was 1 other table occupied. commented to the waiter for fast service and he said they were not busy. while trying the food, realised reason for fast service - chicken was precooked. depending on what one orders, ready made sauces are added to the pan. dishes didn't taste great as spices had not set into the chicken. a total disappointment.  
We arrived (a group of nine people) for tea around 15 minutes before the official serving time at 4pm, and were told we would have to wait until then for our tea, which had been previously booked, and for which a hefty deposit had been requested. We assumed that we would be taken into a dining room with tables for tea, instead of being left sitting on uncomfortable dilapidated plastic sofas with just two very low coffee tables in front of us. But no, we remained in this room and the plates and cups were squeezed on to these two tiny tables sometime around 5 pm. Tea finally arrived at 5.35 pm, over 90 minutes after it was announced, despite the fact that everyone else in the room had been served long before us. The sandwiches were like doorsteps, not at all the delicate fine sandwiches I had expected, the scones were not at all what scones should have been, and we had to ask for extra cream as the small amount supplied was just about enough  
A very disappointing meal. The steak was tough and chewy and the aubergine dish overspiced. Was expecting the waiting staff to ask how the meal was, but not a murmer. On the plus side the cassis sorbet was excellent, the décor really nice and the set menu good value, but if you can't get the basics right or ask diners whether they enjoyed the food then you're not much of a restaurant. I won't be returning. 
Lunch: 
The same tired old offerings from another standard UK Chinese restaurant, albeit with half-reasonable décor (although in need of a deep-clean) - only redeemed by friendly and very efficient staff and decently cold Tsingtao beer. 
Food - ok but not the best around. You can get better takeaways close by.  
I used to really look forward to going to IE. But the last visit was very disappointing.  
The food is great but the delivery system is s fail fail. The order was ment to arrive around 8:20-8:30; instead the delivery came at 9:15. Bare in mind the restaurant is only 15-20 minutes away from us. On arrival the driver wasn’t apologetic and didn’t offer the change back from the amount I paid. With the service given, I really wasn’t intent to give any tip at all.  
Mrs D booked us in for a Valentine's surprise meal. Having been here several times before I was thinking good choice Mrs D. 
The starters were good and the service was good. 
Crikey - what a disappointment  
Very disappointing meal especially considering the price paid. Not one meat on the tikka platter had retained any of its moisture content and it became a mammoth task to eat even small amounts. A comment which I notice has been made on a few reviews recently which the GM seems to pass off as being "rare" comments.  
We waited over 45mins for our food  
Went as a large family birthday celebration. Considering the restaurant was empty, the service was not great. Restaurant wants to be ‘fine dining’ so charged the prices as if it is but does in no means deliver on food or service. Never had such overpriced popadoms in my life. Asked for a damp serviette as spoons for the sauce were sticky and needed to clean fingers and was given a blob of blue loo roll.  
Perhaps there was a point where this was a decent restaurant... but ...we have persisted, tried it three times now and frankly the food is poor. It's overly laden with sugar (one dish had over three tablespoons congealing in the bottom of the dish), unevenly cooked and the quality of ingredients is extraordinarily variable. I can't recommend it, won't be trying it again and wonder if it was ever 'all that'. Is there a half way decent Chinese restaurant in this part of Kent? 
Oh dear. I have been visiting Xian for over 22 years. And now that I actually live in Orpington have visited more regularly. However the last couple of times have not been a good experience at all, and actually agree with other comments on TA, reference to "rush, rush, rush", and rude staff. From the moment we arrived, we were 'processed' through, being told at least twice that we must vacate our table in 2 hours (also told this on the phone when making the booking).There were no welcoming smiles from the staff, no pleasantries during service, and all staff rushing every process possible. The restaurant was not particularly busy at this time as it was 6pm, however, all the staff looked stressed and were just constantly rushing around. We had to ask for the bill twice and eventually had to go to the front of the restaurant to pay and to be noticed. Not something we have ever done before, or actually expect to do in a restaurant. 
Was looking forward to our visit here with some friends last night and when we got there the place was heaving, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for the table. It was very noisy, lots of big parties in. We were seated eventually, menus on tables specified party menu which we didn't expect but didnt fuss about it. However when the cold meze arrived the portions were small and didnt taste that great, And the hot meze were not much better. The service was not good, we had to ask repeatedly for drinks and water and well over an hour for the main course. Our orders were all fairly simple, shish kebabs, mixed grills etc. But none were particularly nice and the salads were rubbish - one tomato and a lot of tired looking lettuce. 
I’m rating this low because of the frustration experienced in trying to contact them to make a booking, and also receiving quite dismissive service. 
Service was awful...slow and very uninterested waiting staff. Food was OK. We had gone for a friend's birthday and the service let them down. 
I'll start on a positive note by saying the atmosphere is great! The belly dancer was very entertaining and getting everyone involved! And we did have a very enjoyable evening however as per the other reviews it's clear as day that the management are money grabbing and completely ripping people off! We were a party of 24 and were sat on an L shaped tabled with 10 on one table and 14 on the other. To say they are squeezing in as many customers as possible is an understatement! We were squeezed in between two pillars barely able to move and boiling hot due to the amount of people in there! Then the bread came out with the hummus and other dips when shared out amongst the table we had enough for one bit of bread each! (This is advertised as 5 cold Meze! Really?!) This was the same when the platters of 4 hot meze came out, 1 calamari, 1 goats cheese, 1 garlic mushroom and 1 falafel each! This makes for a pretty sad looking starter! The mains were fine, nothing special I've had far better! Now my main issue was the bill! I desperately wish I had seen other people's reviews about un ordered items being added to the bill as I think they saw us coming in such a big group as an opportunity! I understand we were a big group but a deposit of £10 per head was paid and the bill still came to over £1000!!!! We were left to pay £50 per head plus our deposits for a pathetic starter and just about average meal! Please if you go in a large group keep track of what you are ordering as I think we were had over massively! 
We visited on Saturday 10th June (party of 4) based on recommendations. The cocktails were lovely, decor was pleasant and friendly staff. The food was a complete let down. We all had starters which were lovely and looked forward to the mains. They were totally disappointing. Like eating meat with gravy, no texture or as flavorsome as the starters. My husband asked for 'madras' heat, what came was mild. My fish curry was ok, more korma like with a lack of taste with chewy squid. There were no timely breaks between course and the worst part of this was the cost! This place is overrated, we wont be back. 
It was over a year ago that I went to Indian Essence and was blown away by the place. Since then I've returned three times but have noticed a gradual slackening off from the "just opened" quality of food and level of service. But the return visit last evening by the same group that we went with in March 2016 resulted in a unanimous thumbs down.  
Having read so many positive reviews, thought we'd try it on a quiet Wednesday evening in February. Food was OK at best, though quite greasy, service was nice but was staggered by the bill for two adults and three children (7, 5 & 3), particularly as there was a power cut half way through the meal and so they insisted we pay cash - no apology or offer of reduction. Anyone who remembers Choi's in Chislehurst will know how good a local Chinese Restaurant can be. Xian, unfortunately, is not in the same league. 
Our takeaway meal was sub-standard and over-priced. A very poor advertisement. Why would they serve food that would disappoint in a local Indian takeaway? Stringy chicken, tasteless King Prawns and poorly spiced curry. They clearly have little regard for the reputation of their owner or their customers 
The quality of the food was decent, but for the price you pay the portion sizes and service lets the place down. Furthermore, I am disgusted by the defensive messages the management have left in response to reviews written by genuine customers!!  
My family and I have been visiting Xian in Orpington High Street for 20 years, going every Christmas Eve and New Years Eve. The food is excellent, but sadly the level of service in the restaurant has greatly declined in recent years with 2 very disappointing visits recently. Victor the Manager is nice and knows my parents of first name terms, but this is sadly not enough to keep our loyalty. We understand that tables are allotted at 2 seating times in the evening, but the service is now so slow that you cannot enjoy a meal within the allocated time, and even though this was not our fault, we were rushed out whilst eating dessert when our table were brought our coats whilst we were still eating. This is a popular restaurant, but seating is now very tight and we felt like we were sharing a table with another group. We will be sticking to take away only from now on, and I am afraid that I cannot recommend the restaurant to anyone. 
Stayed valentines night at the Bingham in the Atthis room. The hotel has a great location by the river, overall though I didn't feel the quality of the room justified the price esp. as breakfast was not included. Our room was refurbished but not quite finished and contractors noisily started work on the room next door to us before 8am. We weren't warned of any building work before booking and whilst I've tried calling to give this review directly, the hotel doesn't answer their phone. I think it would have been better to stay at the new Travelodge in the centre of town and take a nice walk along the river to enjoy the views!  
The restaurant is overcrowded and service extremely slow. It was nearly 3 hours from ordering our main course before it was served. Although drink orders arrived fairly quickly !! 
Ambience and service Great 
We have visited this restaurant before with family (children) and friends and had a great time so on this basis my husband booked a table for us all again to celebrate my birthday. Unfortunately due to unforeseen circumstances one family couldn't come on the night so my husband relayed this information to the restaurant before we sat down to eat. All began well although they had no steak available at all which was disappointing for those younger guests who didn't want spicy food but the chef did agree to do plain chicken for them - bit weird when one of the adults in the group asked for the same and was told by the waitress that she couldn't have it! After complaining this was finally agreed. So we had starters and then continued to wait in excess of an hour for mains (nearly 10pm) which hadn't arrived so we asked why there was a delay. We were told rudely by the waitress that this was our fault because we ordered last because she had not come to take our order as we were waiting for further guests to arrive! She claimed to not have been told about these people not coming (we had accepted we would lose the £50 deposit paid for these people!) no apology was made for their oversight or their delay the waitress continued to insist it was our fault! As the children were getting bored they had a dance on the dance floor (done this before on previous visits) only to be told that a table of 25 had left because of our children dancing as they weren't allowed! Firstly this had never been a problem before - regardless of policies - secondly the waitress and staff knew we had children (11-15 year olds) with us and never mentioned any such policies - they were informed of the guests at the time of booking and finally it's disgusting that they blamed us for another table leaving! Totally unnecessary and inappropriate way of handling the situation. We respect that there are policies though it seems that these only come into play as and when it suits but the way we wee spoken to by the waitress and the way the whole situation was managed was disgusting! We promptly made the decision to leave in disgust and visited the local McDonalds who's customer care was much better! Such a shame - we lost our £160 deposit that was paid in advance so the restaurant aren't of pocket but we will be advising people to steer clear if they want to go for a meal in a place where customer service and satisfaction is high on their priorities! Very sad - ruined birthday surprise!! 
Awful group dining place, every table is a stag/hen/birthday. Makes it nice and libel but the food is disgusting and substandard. Hot starters are a selection of yellow, deep fried tasteless Iceland rubbish. You'd think grilled mains would be simple, even for large groups but no. Tasteless, cheap, nasty. 
I was really looking forward to eating at Indian Essence for my Mother in Law's birthday yesterday. However from the start I was disappointed with the evening due to the following reasons, which include service, food and health and safety issues: 
The last couple of visits have been disappointing on reflection with a definite decline in the standard of service. Last night was by far my worst experience at Xian's. They completely forgot about my order, so in a party of six I had no main course. When it did eventually arrive after several nudges, it was very poor quality so I asked them to replace it. When the replacement arrived everyone in our party had finished eating and the rice had gone cold. By then I was so upset that they had completely ruined my evening. I asked them to take it away and said that I would expect to see the food i had not received removed from our bill. One of the staff members was very rude to me and accused me of shouting at her which was not the case at all and left all of us at our table totally surprised by her treatment of me, especially when she accused me of being unreasonable!! Another waitress did offer me a complimentary drink but I was so upset by the whole evening that all I wanted to do was go home. It's just not as good an experience as it used to be which is such a shame. 
This place is weird for two reasons. 
I have to admit, the staff is very polite, but the food unfortunately is below the standard.The dessert wasn’t fresh, probably old. 
Felt very rushed ,before our bums had hit the seats we were asked can i get you a drink,by doing so they served up one of our partys drinks wrong....bad start in my opinion.we ordered food,i ordered the crispy lamb i was told that was a middle course? the rest of our party ordered their food and the waiters/waitress made the ordering very complicated is that main or middle course for gods sake just make it simple.What is wrong with ordering starter..main....rice.i ordered special fried rice and the waitress insisted i had ordered egg fried rice which she proceeded to dish on my plate TWICE after insisting it was not mine.My wife found a large bone in her duck breast which i complained about sureley it shouldnt happen.My mother who was visiting said she had eaten in just as good restraunts without a michellin star,i was embarassed i thought it would be great for her.Sorry XIANS ORPINGTON we wont be back.Stop living on your reputation of GARY RHODES eats here and look after your customers more.WATCH OUT FOR 10%SERVICE CHARGE AND £5 PER HEAD EXTRA CHARGE IN THE EVENING 
Luna Rosso is one of my favourite haunts ; delicious Italian Cuisine coupled with lovely service and a great vibe. Hence my choice for a celebration for 9 on Saturday night. 
Portobello Road and surrounding streets were surprisingly busy for lunch on NYE. Myself and two colleagues ended up going into Luna Rossa after waiting times in other places were too long. It was supposed to be an impromptu, quick lunch. 
Have now been twice, has a reputation as gourmet curry restaurant. Both times I visited, lack of atmosphere and service and food average. At £50 per head was expecting a much better experience in respect of quality of food and ambience. 
We booked here on Valentine's day and paid a £40 deposit in advance. The service was slow and inattentive all evening. The menu was a leaflet left on our table, although nobody explained that. We had to ask several times for the wine menu and, although desert was included in the fixed price (£36 for 3 courses) we had to borrow the desert menu off another table, because we weren't offered one. The waiters repeatedly blamed each other for the problems we experienced ("it's not my fault, it's his/hers" was a repeated refrain). When, at the end, I told the waitress I wouldn't be paying the automatically-added service charge she didn't ask why. When I pointed out that I thought it was odd she didn't ask, she then did ask, and when I explained that it was due to poor and inattentive service she (metaphorically if not literally) shrugged her shoulders and walked away.  
Good food and lively atmosphere with music and a belly dancer but they let themselves down on service. We waited 1.5hr between courses! Arrived st 7.30 and by 11pm we were still waiting for half of the desserts which they had got wrong! It was hard to flag down the waiting staff to order drinks throughout the evening as the restaurant was full and there were not enough staff.  
I have been coming to this place for many years and the food was always good, but on the last occasion we were sooo disappointed. My friends and I were shocked how bad the pizza was. Also the starters used to be so much better. The quality of the ingredients is not the same. And we had the feeling the pizza was still growing in our stomach hours after we have been there. So sad as I used to love coming there. 
I am from Indian heritage and I’ve had Indian food in India and many other countries in the world. This restaurant had really good reviews but I was sorry disappointed.  
We were there with a group of friends for a lunch. It was possible to land on a table of proper size after a 20 minute wait, which was just fine with us.  
We had been really looking forward to mothers birthday meal. When we arrived the waitress was obviously having a bad day no smiles or warm welcome. We then tried to order the Melbec off the menu which was not available. Instead a special wine menu was produced with a Melbec on it which was a lot more expensive. We have eaten here lots and never been disappointed with the food. My mum had especially been looking forward to the Turbot. The waiter took our order and only told us 15 minutes later it was not available. Should I start cooking your main would like something else instead. My mum then ordered a prawn starter as a main and they where disgusting. They smelt of fish which is never a good sign and were rubbery and bland. Not up to their normal standard. Usually fantastic but sadly on a special occasion it was very disappointing. 
Didn't expect it to busy as it's late Jan and very cold  
Today I went to Luna Rossa at Kensington Park Road for lunch, on my own. There was an empty table outside so I asked to sit there. Although a sweater was on one of the chairs, I later discovered it did not belong to any guest so the table was, in fact, free. For a few minutes, the two male waiters discussed between them as to whether I could sit there. Then in front of other guests I was told I could sit there but must leave within one hour. Very embarrassing!  
I can understand that if you rarely eat Indian food, the style and ambience here can win you over. Anyone that knows Indian food, will know the difference.  
This is most definitely not your average British Indian restaurant, serving fancy food on fancy plates. However, we found the food to be ridiculously overpriced and the restaurant not quite living up to expectations. Make sure to check out the menu first and decide for yourself whether you are happy with the prices. Otherwise it may be an altogether disappointing experience, like it was for us. 
I say sadly, because with a little effort I would be leaving a much better review. We had a small wedding here - just 4 guests. We booked the wedding room and veranda outside for lunch after. There is no doubt that this is a stunning location and was perfect for what we wanted. I will firstly say that the food was 1st class for the 6 of us and the table was laid out nicely and a wonderful waiter. 
I must say my wife and I were dry disappointed with the Valentines set menu. The food was lacked flavour, spice and some of the dishes were so bland.  
Went yesterday and ordered a veg thali. The vegetables were all identical in taste as they clearly put in the exact same sauce. The daal has a strange aftertaste and the rice was definitely not a good basmati but a very poor quality.  
We went to celebrate my sons birthday. We were given a very friendly welcome as we entered. There were 20 of us in total and obviously I know that is very difficult to please everyone but seriously the food was just awful I assume that they like to keep the lighting Low so at least you don't have to look at what it is you are eating. Even the chips were horrible. I ate hardly anything and neither did a few of the people on my table Even to the dessert, I chose the Lemon cheesecake as I was hungry and the base was like sand, 
I went to Hisar on Saturday 28th June for my friends 40th, and straightaway noticed  
Eaten here a couple of times and it was fine. Strange 'mini' popadums rather than the normal stuff, but the food seemed really good. Recently had a takeaway - vegetarian food was a wierd colour - yellow grey sauce and not very nice at all. Chicken dish had small lumps of chicken in a rather watery sauce. Small portions. Not sure if to risk it again - its not cheap here. 
Booked our table for my birthday when we got there we was seated near a wall I did find waiters have attitude. my friends notice that too. Food was nice meat very soft I did notice Saturday is very busy it took us 5 times asking waiter to bring us water. This turkish restaurant must play turkish music it was more english songs and elvis.. singing. .and it was very loud.. Thier was a belly dancer but couldn't see her because of wall plus the heat in that place is to hot..overall it was OK night but must learn not to be rude to customers and sticking to traditions your a TURKISH RESTAURANT play turkish music... .if I wanted to go disco I would of gone up town.. plus I don't think it child friendly.  
We ordered the chefs choice menu. All the food was terrible. Even the elegant ambiance couldn't make up for the bad tasting food. So expensive. Felt like it was a total waste of time, effort and money. 
So first I had to book the table via Open Table, which was fine. I wanted to confirm the booking to called the Restaurant, only to be greeted by a voice message. I received a call after 5 hours. When we arrived we had to wait 10 minutes to be seated. Then when we ordered we were told the Lamb and Crab starters were not available. We ordered a chicken dish and a lamb dish, tasted ok not amazing. The staff are ok but I would have expected a exceptional service all round here. Not Great !! 
We visited this restaurant with friends and had booked a table. 
Myself and a group of friends went to Indian Essence just after Christmas. We were in joyful mood which is understandable as it was Christmas. But I don't think this is allowed in Indian Essence. The table next to us asked that we be moved and then they requested to be moved so over the top. The waitress we had was removed from our table and we were given I believe the Manager to serve us. Who made me feel very uncomfortable and was very RUDE. But when the bill came he didn't mind taking £600 off us. The food - my starter was ok the main was very nice the wine way over priced for Petts Wood £46 for a bottle of Cloudy Bay. I brought my husband to Gary Rhodes Restaurant in Tower 42 and the wine was £45 a bottle which I can understand for London prices but £46 for Petts Wood way over priced. As for the staff as I said above I was made to feel very unconfortable. So over all I won't be going back so uptight and not relaxing at all. I felt I was back school not allowed to laugh and being watched by the staff. Very unhappy customer!! 
We had a birthday dinner for two. A lovely ambiance and settings with staff (apparently) ready to perform to the highest standards. However, when it came to certain requests from us, none was satisfied. Being pregnant, I asked for well-done meat and was re-assured that it would be done for me. Meat arrived rare. My husband asked for lager and experienced hard sell of anything apart from what he had asked for.  
This place is always busy, but service this weekend was pretty poor - they didn’t bring my juice, the breakfast was warm at best, the fried eggs were over cooked and not runny and the muffin on the eggs Benedict had not even been toasted. Disappointing. 
Don't get fooled by this busy restaurant!  
The meal was a total letdown. Very limited choice for vegetarians. The starters were bland and nothing spectacular, the main courses were hardly edible and dessert was so so. Overall the food was nowhere close to justifying the enormous bill! 
Have very mixed feelings about this Restuarant - was really looking forward to tasting something different from your run of the mill Indian food - very disappointed . 
We had booked for a table in advance as we had a baby with us but when we arrived at the restaurant the waiter mentioned that they dont have a baby chair which is strange for a fine dining restaurant! The food was delicious but unfortunately the biryani was not worth the price! As we tried multiple dishes for 2 people there were leftovers but the restaurant doesn’t provide take away service! 
Afternoon tea was poor. Bread was dry and crispy, the ham was processed, the cucumber sandwiches was so finely sliced and wet they were soggy, the smoked salmon was so fine it could hardly been tasted over the cheese. Carrot cake was a cube not even a slice and the tea was not refilled. So we got 4 finger sandwiches, 2 scones, and 3 mini cakes with tea for £25 pp plus 12.5% service plus a charity donation charged without asking !! Very disappointing and will not go back for afternoon tea as other places we have had are cheaper, better quality and better value. Sorry Bingham you need to do better. 
My boyfriend and I visited here following reviews on here to celebrate completing on our house as a special treat.  
Where to start in reviewing what was a very poor experience from pretty much start to finish - mostly down to the quality & cooking of the food. 
We came as part of a group which was organised by someone else. As a resident of the area, I was looking forward to sampling this place. 
We were indicided to choose as there are 3 italian restaurants all close to one another in that road.. 
We have visited this establishment in it's various guises over the years for lunch on rugby international days and always been happy with the food and value for money.  
The worst meal I had on my first trip to London. From the food to the "service" and even down to the tea - it was horrible. The tea tasted like discount airline tea, the beans like they were dumped from a can, the "potatoes" like they were from McDonald's rejected pan, and the bread so poor quality that feeding it to the birds would have been animal abuse. 
This was our 2nd visit to Indian Zing. First time was amazing. This time was appalling! The food was far too hot! My husband likes hot food, but I’m not too keen on too spicy food. This time, even husband found this food too spicy, so you can imagine how my mouth was! It was not an enjoyable experience at all. I don’t think we will be returning to this restaurant! 
Been here a few times and my experience has progressively got worse. Decide to give it another go given its an independently owned business and not a chain. 
Visited this place as part of a group and very disappointed! The restaurant seems to have the sauces pre-prepared for all their dishes as we had requested for spicy food were told this was not possible as the sauces were prepared beforehand - what??? We were given a 'Piri Piri' paste as they had no chilli sauce! Thought I was in a restaurant having Indian food!  
After reading the amazing reviews for this place online I decided to try the cafe for breakfast one Sunday morning. Restaurant was very busy and they only had two servers. Ordered our food at the same time however to stop mine going cold I had to eat my eggs benedict whilst my boyfriend had to sit there and watch everyone else around us be brought there food. The waitress even carried over a family of three's whole order behind us when they couldn't manage to make my boyfriends !! After asking where it was the waitress looked blankly at us and questioned if we even ordered it in the first place. No apology when finally the food was brought after a good 25 mins after mine had arrived. Never going back to this cafe  
Arrived at 7pm as a party of 6. Two of our number recommended as they go there often. Cool outside but very hot and had to request air conditioning be switched on. No Samosa's and told that 17 persons had arrived for lunch and all ordered as a starter so none left! Later we questioned why fresh could not be made and that was met with a shrug of the shoulders. Were they frozen and they had run out? Water arrived promptly but waited 30 minutes for wine and starter arrived at 7.57!!! One starter was awful and owner acknowledged that it was not edible and offered to replace, but I refused. Mains eventually came only to find the lemon rice and spinach ordered arrived as lemon and tamarind rice and spinach and potatoes! The korma ordered by one of our number who does not like the meal too spicy could not be eaten as it was very spicy hot. The naan was dry and hard but the peshwari was good.We all agreed the goat was good and the roast chicken was excellent. I ordered a single glass or the same wine and it was either not the same wine but I suspect was but had been sitting in the bottle for a day or two and was awful. Overall not a good experience and we were astounded to realise that when we left it was 1015pm so took 3.25 hours to have a simple meal. 
Small portions and nothing fancy. 
We expected a very good meal and service. Unfortunately that was not the case and neither in our group will be returning. 
With no doubt one of the worst italian restaurants I´ve ever been to. Very slow and rude service as well as bad food quality (at least the 2 pizzas me and my friend ordered). The only good things: its location and the beautiful decoration. 
The floor staff is helpful and try to make the best, unfortunately the chef's execution is compromised 
The latest cultural appropriation of becoming vegan and vegetarian with complementary concerns for the environment and saving the planet are known to Indians with any knowledge of a 10,000 year history going back to the Vedas. It's great to see recycling of belief such as Ahimsa or non-violence take some root in apparently 9% of the UK vegans and vegetarians but please don't think it's new - it's Indian! 
We came to this restaurant to escape the stresses of our life, have a nice evening and celebrate a birthday. The restaurant had a busy buzz and a nice ambience. We ordered drinks and part of the order arrived but not the complete order and we had to remind the waitress. Unfortunately, it was the same for the rest of the evening. We arrived early for 8.30 and eventually had or main at 10.00pm. One person had a starter, the rest had to wait for 1.5 hours to eat. A little of the delay was us but not really. The food was some of the best we had ever tasted but we were so tested by waiting and so teased by innaccurate forecasts of when it would ready. It could have been so nice! I love nice food but we ate too late to enjoy it or any dessert. We left unhappy, not having had the evening we all so wanted, and with a heavy heart for what the evening could have been. 
So disappointing, on arrival the restaurant holds such promise, nice staff and looks 1st Class. 
I would not have thought it possible for a restaurant to survive when it is so roundly awful. We'd booked a table, but the waiter was apparently cross that we were arriving separately. He refused to take a drinks order from me till my partner arrived. Actually, not quite refused. When I tried to order a drink he just turned his back and walked off. The couple next to us moved twice to try to find a warmer spot, and when they complained about the cold were told they were wrong, and it was not cold! I did eventually manage to get a menu, and ordered the marinated boneless chicken thigh. Imagine my surprise and disappointment to be served half of a bone-in whole chicken. When we complained the waiter just shrugged.  
I was looking forward to the food, atmosphere, and the occasion on Christmas Day. We have been several times and it had always been a treat. Although we have never been on Christmas Day before. 
Ordered bhel for takeaway but disappointed that it was all premixed which met that by the time it was consumed at home it had lost its Crouch and flavour. This is not the norm when ordering from other places. I would suggest requesting that if you oder this dish you ask them to keep it all separate.  
Constantly busy this place but the takeaway sandwich was a disaster! Nasty bread and filling. Wouldn't go again. 
Had been meaning to try out the Cinnamon at Sundridge Park for sometime, but was really disappointed. I found it pretentious and expensive, and the food was below average. Service was casual and inattentive. 
Went there Saturday evening, they checked our temperature upon arriving and everyone wearing masks. They allocated us a table less than a meter away from other super crowed tables.  
First time visit. Drink - Draft cobra below pub prices. Food - true. Vegan dishes as ghee. It used. Black lentil dal delicious but chick pea curry bland. Would definitely good back but real reservation as Covid measures not followed purely because the tables were too close together. This really needs to be sorted out and I am not the only reviewer to say this! We were an early booking and was amazed at how no allowance had been made for social distancing as the restaurant filled up. 
Since when was ostriche an Indian dish? This converted pub has not discovered yet how to clean the beer pipes for a fresh pinta ( and were grooty about replacing it to boot) and service slow. 
It was nice over there but they are charge you for service and I think is not really nice when you have to pay to bring your beer for example and also the staff don't make you feel good because they are stressful.They don't ask you if you are happy with your food 
Food excellent, but evening was ruined by a very noisy all male, beer drinking, curry club of 6, shouting at the tops of their voices. The other end of the restaurant wasn't much better. We complained, apologies made, but no change in behaviour. We were advised to come at lunch time or earlier in the evening. Not going back. 
Two of us arrived early evening and were the only people in the restaurant which was over-large and lacked atmosphere. The waiter seemed indifferent but eventually offered us poppadums and a drink. The draft beer I wanted was off so had to have a more expensive option. I wish I had seen the menu before ordering the 'poppadum basket' which was one poppadum formed into a bowl with one spicy and one plain in it - pricey at £3. What was worse was they were inedible - soft and not easy to break - so I asked politely for them to be replaced with fresh ones. The same ones came back (evidenced by our previous attempts to tear a piece off) only warm as they had clearly just been put in the oven for a couple of minutes. This was not enough to make them crispy but I said no more as I did not wish to antagonise the waiter.  
Really disappointed with my most recent and unfortunately my last visit to Mangal Meze. 
I was asked to take a chance when I phoned to reserve a booking. I walked to the restaurant in Kingston and the manager asked me to wait until he serve the rest. Then came an English couple who had no reservation either and instead of making them wait he had a quick glance at me to see whether I will say anything and then showed this couple to their table. I was furious seeing this but try to calm down since I came to enjoy the food. Even after this he made me wait and eventually took me to an inside room and showed me my table. He had forgotten his routes and not showing any hospitality to his fellow citizens. People like this should be taught a lesson before they can serve people and run a business. It was such an awful experience!!!!! 
A few friends and I went one evening without having booked. There seemed to be an initial fuss about seating us in what was a pretty empty restaurant when we walked in. During the time we were dining inside, the restaurant never reached a near full capacity - but anyway we were seated after the initial concerns we had not booked. The set up of the restaurant was decent but the food was not. Perhaps it’s me and the fact I am not easily impressed but the quality of the food did not seem authentic and the actual quality of the chicken seemed poor too. I am not sure where the restaurant sources its chicken from but I did not enjoy this. My friend is vegan and was initially given a dish which was not vegan. So had to wait for this to be prepared again. Naan / breads were a bit crunchy. 
I used to go montys alot ....maybe twice a week ,breakfast normally .They used to use quite good quality sausages and bacon but for some reason they don't anymore,really spoils the breakfast as now its just like any other cafe in windsor serving cheap catering sausages !! Also the so called FRESH ORANGE JUICE PRICED AROUND £2.50 IS INFACT PRINCES CONCENTRATE FROM A CARTON !!£0.39pence ??? as i saw the girl pouring it into a glass !! Buck your ideas up montys !! you used to be great !! 
This was a review I really didn't want to have to leave, and only the second time I have ever reviewed anywhere twice. For the first few years Monty's was open we were there at least twice a month - often more. But it started to go slowly downhill - and when the excellent Bite Café opened a few doors down we stooped going. 
We had a large Diwali family lunch last Sunday. The food: Starters were very good and adequate but the main was bit of a let down. The undhiyu was unusually sweet and they had run out of ice cream so had to wait while one person went across to pick and save to pick some up. There were about 50 of us and 2 were not able to come due to illness and sudden work commitment, the manager still insisted we pay for these people. Shame! 
Booked the seven course tasting menu for Christmas day and had high expectations given the cost (£150 sans booze) and local reputation. 
This was a disappointing experience all round, the kind you might expect in a tourist trap place in Leicester Square not fashionable Portobello. It started well, then things went downhill. Drinks and starters arrived promptly, the starters were tasty, billed as Sicilian tapas. Then we ordered another garlic bread. And waited. And waited. And waited. No sign of the garlic bread and no sign of our main courses. After 40 mins, I asked a waiter, they said it was on the way. And we waited. Eventually a garlic bread arrived, half-charred and not as good as the first. And we waited. I spoke to the manager, who claimed that they had burned the pizza order and were doing a fresh one. Now at this stage it was around 1 hour after we received our starters and it was only when I insisted that I spoke the manager that we got any explanation.  
Had been to chakra today for lunch with high expectations looking at the reviews and website which gives the impression of it being a relatively fine Indian restaurant. Biggest letdown was the lacklustre atmosphere and service which was amateurish. Even though the restaurant was relatively empty, it took ages to get anyone to take the orders and in general the service was not up to the standard of a fine restaurant. Coming to the food - we tried avocado ke Gole, tandoori fish and kung pao prawns for starters. All of them were decent enough without being remarkable. Had a similar experience in the main course. 
We booked early for the 7 course Christmas Day tasting menu that was being hyped by the Bingham as a great fine dining expereince. Sadly, despite a very warm welcome, good company and wanting to enjoy our Christmas outing, we felt that the food and service didn't measure up to expectation!! 
The food at Chakra is excellent. It really is delicious. However, they are not following Covid-19 H&S guidance. Our temperatures were taken on entry (that's fine), but the tables were so close together. By the time you're in your chair, you are definitely less that a metre from the neighbouring table. They have opened up the windows to ventilate but they have tried to cram so many people in, I felt very uncomfortable. 
We had been to this place on the 11th Aug to celebrate our mothers birthday. 
We went here for my husbands birthday as been recommended. We were a bit disappointed , food all came up warm not hot like it had been sitting around in between being cooked and arriving at our table but flavours were very good. Also the waiter brought over hot plates for us when we ordered our main dishes, but by time food came plates were cold, we asked for new hot plates but these never arrived! So we had Luke warm food on cold plates!  
Been there for lunch. All Italian staff. Quite good pizza to be that far from Naples. Service charge 12.5% already included. Change never came back, not an attempt or a word. A place to experience a real stereotype and, with few pounds, I know I have to stay away from that place. 
Visited here today been before and enjoyed , disappointed today met by a surly waitress definitely not happy at her work no name badge made us very uncomfortable, food average atmosphere nil. A wee boy called Thomas brightened up our day Will we go back NO lots better could not care less attitude 
I hate writing negative reviews so I'll start by saying that I have visited this cafe periodically over the years. The service is always very good and this cafe seems to employ very helpful, smiling staff who are happy to serve you and nothing is too much trouble. 
Looks great as they Refurbished the place. 
Mr Todiwala’s Kitchen is an Indian restaurant located within Hilton Heathrow Airport Terminal 5. The menu describes in detail some very mouth-watering dishes. I asked the waiter for his recommendation of a lamb curry which was tastefully spicy and not fiery hot and he suggested the Bhuna Pashula Bong. The dish was well presented and looked and smelt appetising. However, I found it quite unlike a curry and only very mildly spiced and with none of the delicate curry flavour or heat I had anticipated. I knew the prices before I decided to eat there but nonetheless think that £34 for one curry, one naan, one beer and one wine is very expensive for a disappointing meal. The service was friendly and efficient; however there were only two other tables occupied. 
We were the first costumers on a Sunday Breakfast, the food was cold and prepared the day before, like the eggs Benedictine and they had the yolk well done. 
We used to go there quite often because the pizza are good and it used to be a good family place. But the service has really become quite bad. Last time our waiter was really rude, made mistakes with our order, just did not care at all. They also put some loud music, all in all not a good place anymore to go to.  
Very welcoming and warm restaurant extremely well located and managed by funny group of real Italians. 
I used to go quite often to this restaurant as I was fond of their pizza but I must admit that at the end I grew tired of the silly and sometimes rude way they treat you. First of all: they do pizza al metro which I really hate so I sometimes asked for a normal pizza which I was promised but never managed to get as the cook did not have the time. But what really pissed me off was that one day we paid in cash and we were waiting for the waiter to bring back 20 pounds. We waited 20 minutes then I asked for the money and the waiter told me that he thought that the rest was his tip not considering that there was already a 12.5% service charge on the bill. Maybe the service now is improved but with so many great places where to eat a nice pizza I really don't miss this one 
I chose this restaurant for a special family meal, based on the reviews and the fact that it was close to the river. 
We had visit today for a lunch and like never Iam very disipointed Very poor service , but food amazing as always. 
Went here expecting it to be decent. It had an extensive menu- we ordered a selection of tapas and a pizza to share. The pizza was burnt, olives from a jar and the anti pasto was a strange mix of cold veg/cold chicken/ tuna and bean salad. It was very strange and not Italian: lacked flavour and was barely edible! Will never go back!  
Visited here expecting good things what with it supposedly being the number 1 restaurant in Windsor - I do not agree at all!  
Went to go to one if our favourite Windsor cafés today to find though empty tables they had been reserved for 30mins later!!  
Have been meaning to visit this restaurant for a long time, as it seemed to get good reviews and I like subtle, modern Indian food. Finally did on Saturday and it was a big disappointment. Maybe I left it too long and it's now coasting on its reputation. 
Three of us ate at Todiwala's last night, and not a single one of us enjoyed the meal. There was minimal flavour in all the dishes we tried. By flavour I am meaning spices not just chilies. Although beautifully presented, and cooked well, the lack of flavour made it taste like eating dinner at a retirement home. The pilau rice didn't even have any flavour. They had obviously tried to increase the flavour of the saffron by not salting the rice when they cooked it, but the result was rice with no flavour and I still didn't get a hint of saffron. The sauce of my curry was watery and flavourless, I am not even sure how they managed it, but the flavour of the tomatoes was even taken away from the sauce. They really may as well have just poured a few ladels of hot water with some cornflour in it. The chicken itself was very tender and cooked well, but was stuffed with what looked and tasted exactly like Paxo sage and onion stuffing. The only thing that had some flavour, and it had zero Indian cuisine taste to it. The naan was the saving grace, that was the one thing that actually tasted as nice as it looked. Service was good, albeit a bit pushy with suggestions. The decor of the restaurant was modern and a little odd. Rather uncomfortable looking bar for the staff to make drinks on due to it being so slow. And apart from the large wooden elephant in the centre of the room, there was not a lot of much that would make you walk in and feel immersed in Indian culture. The menu itself had a decent amount of choice, but was unnecessarily detailed. Certainly wouldn't have been friendly for anyone with visual impairments. My final note, and the thing that we discussed at the table and really threw us, was the fact that even with an open kitchen, you couldn't smell food at all where we were sat. This should have been an indication of the blandness of the food, but really does take away from the atmosphere of a restaurant.  
We were looking forward to this meal but were sadly disappointed. The main courses were flavourless. I am used to eating Indian food where the flavours are subtle and balanced however here they were none existant. I've lived in India as an expat for 4 years and eaten at a huge range of establishments from the roadside cafe to the top restaurants and i've never experienced anything this bland.  
very poor italian... I mean, it's not a real italian one but just for tourists..  
My Freinds recommended to book lunch at the Bingham Resturant in Richmond. I have to say that the location overlooking the river is very nice. The parking is very bad as you have to find a pay and display parking which is not near. They have very limited parking 7 slots for the Resturant and the hotel. To my surprise that they added 5 pounds parking in the bill over!! The menu is very small nothing fancy . The set menu is reasonably priced compare to the original menu. Unfortunately they are using the same menu for lunch and dinner which is not usual for this kind of restaurants. I order a bottle of wine which says in the menu is 2012. I was surprised to get the same brand but 2014. When I asked the waiter, he said that what they have. I accepted it but the surprise that they charged me the same price of 2012 without even apologizing or giving any explanation. Since I am a Resturant owner, I know the prices of wine and I always look into details . The trade price of this wine that they serve us is max 4 pounds while they charged me 36 pounds. This is a big different. I would happily pay the 36 pounds for 2012 bottle of wine but not for 2014.  
A little bit annoying - bit tasteless and a bit poor quality. We (a couple) went for the tasting menu and all was well until the steak meal - rump cut that was over done and chewy... So bad that we sent it back only for it to be sliced more thinly and returned.. Made up for with a free cheese board but then spoiled with panacotta dessert and absence of paired wines (still charged) for the rest of the meal... The desert was a new variant of panacotta involving mainly whipped cream. OverLl flavours were good, textures and execution was bad - rumours of a new chef or just a bad day - either way perhaps give a couple of weeks 
It's bland food with no taste. Spent a fortune here for dinner and food has no taste. Food presentation is excellent but that's not what you fine out for. Nan was dry and most of our dishes tasted same especially chicken masala and Kauai chicken. 
We booked at the Chakra as the menu looked different and - at first sight - good for veggies. 
We last tried this place not long after it opened and were less than blown away. 
I was looking forward to this restaurant, however was disappointed. We went for he tasting menu which is 75 pounds per head. We stopped after they had bought out 5 different dishes which all tasted more or less the same. It can only be described as a takeaway special.  
I have been eating at this restaurant for years however I know it has changed management but unfortunately not for the better and if they carry on the way they are they are going to ruin the very good reputation the previous management built over a period of time. The new management have had the cheek to put up the prices not once but twice, the decor is terrible with ripped wallpaper and a double price increase they need to take a look at what they are doing as they are loosing customers in their droves I have been in three or four times this year and each time there is less people. I will go to Elm Park Istanbul where the food is excellent and they do a lunch menu. 
The eggs benedict mentioned by others, sounded like a good option. Unfortunately the smell of farmed salmon was very evident. Montys were friedly and agreed to grill the salmon - it helps take the smell away, and helped the taste! A pleasant enough place, that provides a greasy spoon experience In less greasy spoon surroundings. 
This place is only two miles from me and I ordered through deliveroo it took over an hour. The food was cold. The avocado starter was tasteless and uninspiring. The gulab juman might as well be thrown away. Methi chicken was OK. Tiny portions, average food and rip off prices. Never again! 
We visited on a Sunday evening, it wasn't very busy and we had wanted to try Chakra for a few months. 
Used to love this place and visited at least twice a week. Since its been reopened the staff seem to have decided they no longer care and no longer wish to be polite to customers. Shame as it used to be brilliant and the beer selection is so good. Covid measures here also seen lacking, no distancing between staff and no protection worn. Tables still in walkways. Does not feel as safe as other pubs I've been to.  
This is a great pub, fantastic selection of beers, good music and relaxed atmosphere. 
Food was ok, however for the price tag it was lacking in quality and quantity. Salad was poor, with what looked like pre packaged leaves and just red onions, no variety at all. Service wasn't that great, as felt had to consistently look around to catch staff members attention. wouldn't come back as overpriced and not great. 
We ordered a takeaway for 2 people. The shish of two only had 6 small pieces of meat in it and very little salad. The portion was very small and of a lower quality of produce.  
Ordered the Oriel burger and it was not tasty at all plus the cheese was not included, you needed to pay extra for it. Frozen meals, quickly warmed up in the grill or the oven, that’s the impression I got. Customer service was fine. 
Although the food really is very good, the waiting staff had no idea how to deal with a gluten free order. We waited ages to receive an allergen menu (and had to ask for it four times from different members of staff). We were also told that certain items were gluten free, when they very clearly weren't – I checked with the waiter half a dozen times as I couldn't believe it, and he eventually asked the chef, who hurriedly told me that their menu was wrong! 
The food just isn’t great and I wouldn’t be surprised if all sauces etc came pre packed to the restaurant and they just reheat them. The place looks lovely and is in a great location but I was so disappointed. 
Great food, friendly people. We had dinner Tuesday night which was a restaurant quite busy. Everything went well also all the staff wearing a mask and gloves. But i realized that old cheff who served right behind the kitchen EATING something as well,shame! But for that maybe food could reccomend to friend and family. 
We ordered from the Antelope tonight on Deliveroo as the reviews were excellent. We’ve been into the pub for a drink but haven’t eaten in so we were looking forward to trying the food. My partner had a brisket burger which he enjoyed, but my fried chicken burger was atrocious. At £13.95 for a burger and chips you’d expect something decent, but the chicken was burnt beyond all recognition and totally inedible. Possibly the worst piece of meat I’ve ever been served. Won’t be bothering again!  
went back to Le Salon Privee which is very local to us, this time with friends for my wife's birthday on a Friday night. On booking we were asked if it was a special occasion... Nice window table.  
After a long drive and the great day, we wanted to treat ourselves with a nice dinner. first of all, we were sitting at the worst table right next to the kitchen. The waiter took us to a table that gave us a menu.  
I’ve been going to the Rock & Rose for a long time. Went there last night to find they had re-done the restaurant and I was so disappointed. Previously the restaurant was so quirky, I always bought visiting friends and they loved the ‘Rock star’ feel about the restaurant. The restaurant is now smart but boring, such a shame. Have to say the service and food were excellent but I won’t be bringing friends there since it lost its appeal. Such a shame, think they should change their name as it’s certainly not ‘Rock’ or ‘Rose.’ 
Had lunch with my partner there. Can't recommend that place, not yet.  
The rather large manager had a harem of women to chat up (not staff) it was offensive to watch there were 4 of them at one time A pity because the rest of the staff were very agreeable as was the food 
Ordered the ribeye medium-rare and got a dry shoe sole... their offered to a bring a new one, so kudos for that, but should have got it right the first time. My colleague tried the rump steak with a similar experience. 
Ordered prawn cocktail, it really didn’t taste of anything, bland Marie Rose sauce. For mains I selected pork escalope with fries, spinach on the plate was horrible and dry and stuck to the plate.the fries were stale and soggy so I sent them back and went for new potatoes which were stale too. What a disappointing experience before a long haul flight. It is also very overpriced. 
Popped in here after work for some dinner, the meal was ok but several things let it down. We were quickly seated, although the seating arrangements throughout the restaurant were almost uncomfortably close to each other. For starters we had the garlic bread and the spicy sausage, both were at best average and the portion sizes not particularly large. When the mains came out the empty starter plates were still on the table, so the waiter had to awkwardly hover while he called someone over to move the plates, and then we had to further wait while someone brought over new cutlery. For mains we had the lamb cutlets and the lamb shish kebab, both were quite nice but no one came to ask how the food was or check everything was ok, which was frustrating as both dishes could have done with some sauce! I tried getting the attention of a waitress but she seemed to look right through me. For desserts, we had the chocolate mousse and the baklava which were both nice, but again nothing spectacular. The most disappointing part of the evening was the bill... £9.45 service charge was included, which for two people on a Wednesday evening before 7 pm seemed rather a lot! No doubt we could have asked for it to be removed... but that’s an awkward hassle that I'm sure no one bothers with. Unless it’s a large group, or very good service(!), the bill, in my opinion, should only include the food/drink allowing the customer to tip/add service charge as they deem fit. The bill came to £85 so although not terrible, for only three drinks (total) and the food £40+ per person was quite a lot. We probably could have got an equally nice meal for less from many other places in Kingston. Overall, although everything was ok for the price I would not return. 
We been regularly visiting this place during lockdown and before, my son loved the ice cream stand that was outside and so we loved the food.  
Excitedly went to this pub after being told about it during my visit to Big Smoke Brewery just down the road (great brewery, warm welcome, def worth a visit). Thus, I ventured down to The Antelope intent on a few beers and a hearty meal. First problem - no tab facility so multiple purchases compulsory for each drink. This is a nuisance but not a game changer.  
My husband and I have been eating here since the day it opened. It started off as a great little café with really good fresh food. Its been expanded into next door and gradually the food and service has gone downhill. 
Service is very friendly but always slow, even when we went on a Monday night. Ordered a steak and it came out cold. When they brought it back it was ok but nothing special - certainly not worth £30. 
I was taken here for my birthday and although the staff were extremely friendly and helpful I did not enjoy my meal. The steak was chewy and flavourless, the mushroom sauce did not help much. The spinach was also flavourless. I added salt and pepper to my steak but it made no difference. I was unable to finish my meal or even get halfway through it so we ordered dessert. The cheesecake was tasty so it was a good ending. I wouldn't return here as I love steak and this restaurant did not meet my expectations.  
We came quite a long way to visit this restaurant as it came highly recommended by a few friends. We phoned in advance for some advice on parking and were advised to park at Asda. However on reaching the car park we realised the store was shut and we were unsure whether the parking would remain open. So I rang up again and was told ‘I don’t know , I don’t work at Asda’. I realise this, but I was merely asking for some guidance. If the lady didn’t know, she could have simply said I am not sure. The attitude was unnecessary. I didn’t want to go there after this but my son was starving so we didn’t have a choice after spending so long trying to figure out the parking situation.  
Waitress was extremely hostile . We waited over an hour for our mains. When one waitress apologised for the “miscommunication in the kitchen” the other waitress pretended not to know how long we waited. We queried this for our bill and all we received were headshakes and an extreme attitude. It’s not what you expect when coming for a meal to have to argue about poor service. Money is not an object but a good experience is. This certainly was NOT. 
Poor service : staff is very slow, not able to answer any of my questions about the menu, barely know the difference between vegetarian and vegan. We had to ask three times for our drinks. 
Unbelievable how restaurants are 4.5 stars on Google. This place was below average on many levels. The 'monkfish' was definitely not monkfish possibly catfish. It was very tender and fell apart. It was a nice fish though and we took a piece away for laboratory analysis. The manager said he would show me the invoice but then gave me his email to send it to me as he was too busy. A tiny fillet of seabass for nearly £20, 'monkfish' and prawn curry with no depth of flavor, a paneer masala with a Italian tomato base sauce that hadn't been adapted to a curry style. Always very skeptical when an international menu is so big. This restaurant may have been good once but isn't anymore. A lot of regular customers who enjoy bland tasting food and another restaurant that I will never return to. Can people not taste food anymore? Do people enjoy being ripped off? 
Food was different. Nice presentation. Waited a long time for it to come out but it was good. There were no clean tissues on the table so I asked for some and one waitress was so rude and asked me why do I need more tissues and was very funny about giving more tissues- the rudeness ruined the experience. Deserts were the best- minus the silly waitress everything was good. The other waitress was lovely and had good manners unlike the other. 
Over crowded. Very noisy. Music two loud. Ok it was Saturday, but on arrival given a two hour slot. Would have been nice to have known that in advance as we like a dessert and a coffee. Felt like we where booted out. 
I visited yesterday this beautiful restaurant with friends, the food was very good, drinks were flowing BUT I had a massive problem...the toilets are downstairs and the steps are very steep, I asked the waiter where was the disable toilet and he told that it wasn't one, this was a great disappointment as I was uncomfortable. A great shame as it is a great restaurant 
The service was slow. Waited an hour for our main shared platter to arrived after our shared appetiser. The quality of food was average. . The highlight of the night was the belly dancing, that was good. 
Very slow service and when the food arrived, the portions were small. £13 for a basic chicken shish served with a small portion of salad and the rest of the plate smeared with sauces.  
Restaurant Ordinaire - rather full of themselves living off the reputation of the restaurant that was there before and never living up to half what the were. (Brula) - mediocre at best - poor service albeit a new menu and no one seemed to know what was what. Food was luke warm but had it been warm would have been good. Overall not a great experience. My wife is more forgiving than I but after 3 very ordinary and over priced meals we’ll not be going back EVER! (If it had been up to me I’d not have gone back after the first disaster - but she, as a follower of ‘fashion’ responded more to the reputation (see above) than the reality on her plate.  
Took my wife here for her birthday with a small group of friends, before we had even finished our main course the gentleman who I believe was the manager approached our table and told us we had to leave shortly! I was flabbergasted at his audacity! Then he approached and told us that the group waiting for our table had been seated elsewhere and we could have the table as long as we wanted.. nice isn’t it? Could not believe this.. 
Visited with my husband with high hopes but I can genuinely say it was some of the worst French food I’ve ever tried. My salmon was so over cooked I was sawing into it with my knife and the accompanying sauce and vegetables had not been seasoned and tasted incredibly bland. The only redeeming dish I had was the twice baked soufflé but this is not enough to warrant a return. My husband had the pigeon and we both agreed the flavours were strange (far too sweet) and did not work. Service was good until the end - we advised our waitress they’d added on an extra bottle of water to our bill and she questioned us suspiciously...that didn’t feel very nice and sealed the deal for us not to return again. I don’t understand how this place is rated so well...baffling.  
Too many tables, so noisy and constantly being brushed past by servers and other diners. The service was below par, our waiter kept dropping things and tipping drinks over. My son ordered a burger which had a whole garlic clove in it and he had bitten in to it before he realised what it was. He couldn't taste a thing after that. My daughter ordered a side of green beans which weren't cooked. Our steaks were okay, but no longer worth the money they charge. AND the chairs, omg, if you are offered a table with chairs that look like a half opened flower - in metal - ask to be moved immediately. I am nursing two fractured ribs and I couldn't get comfortable at all as there was zero support - it was more like sitting on a stool than a chair. Second less than stellar visit in a while I'm afraid. Supposed to be a birthday celebration. Time to find another favourite restaurant I think. 
Service was good but maybe over helpful getting asked every five minutes was everything OK. Menu was very limited not much choice we ordered a chicken curry and asked for it to be spicy - bland very bland - Naan was fresh - and the draft beer was the only thing to be impressed by. The waitress was already cleaning our table before we had even finished poor. So all in all the price was also very expensive ok so you are getting a good view but your paying for that and very average bland food. It was nearly £50 for a starter two drinks coke/beer rice naan and one curry - avoid much better tastier places to eat in Kingston - lesson learnt 
The menu looked very good but the food didn't match up to the descriptions. The korma sauce was very runny and the chicken tikka masala was mainly a tomat sauce not creamy and no taste of coconut. It was too spicy for our daughter to eat so she only had rice and bread. Our table was overlooking a walkway tunnel with fluorescent lights so not a good view for dinner. The restaurant got really cold at one point and I think they had opened a back door. My legs and body got really cold quickly and I had to put on my winter coat. 
What a disappointment. I used to go here when it was Brula. I booked this morning for supper this evening. Happened to read some of the Trip Advisor comments and thought they must be crazy. 
Sadly we did not enjoy our recent visit. 
The waiter was a bit off hand not very welcoming. The food was disappointing. Starter was good very crisp endive with spiced pear, walnuts and Roquefort. Main course was very disappointing. Lime flavoured mackerel with endive and a side order of spinach. No flavour of lime, the vegetables were over cooked. The spinach was swimming in water and we left most of this. I complained and the waiter said he would be ‘inform chef’, no apology and the portion was left on the bill. We didn’t bother to ask about private dining events. 
The quality of the food can't be criticised, perfect steaks and a good choice of sides. However, the staff are rude, inattentive and slow. No welcome, no smile, no thank you, I was asked if I'd booked a table and when I said I'd telephoned and nobody answered, I was ignored. I was then flippantly motioned with a hand movement by a blonde waitress to come sit at a front table. I would have left at that point but I was still keen to try the steak at the behest of raving reviews. The food took about 25 minutes to arrive. I ate quickly and when I asked for the bill after waiting for 15mins I was rudely informed that the other waitress has the computer tablet used to enter orders and print receipts and i would need to wait. I bit my tongue from saying that's not my problem and that they should have more than one tablet. After waiting another 10mins I stood and asked the tablet waitress to provide me the bill. Again, no manners. I paid and left. No thank you. Another issue was the constant cleaning and wiping of tables. Very off putting for a customer. I will not go again due to rude staff which is a shame as food is great. 
The decor and cocktails were nice but the food wasn’t very nice at all sadly. I had wanted to visit Rock and Rose for ages and was really surprised and disappointed with our experience. I wouldn’t go back for food at all as it was very average but I would maybe go back for cocktails if I was nearby. It was quite pricey for what it was. I do like the branding though.  
After having a lovely evening with friends just like any establishment the antelope was at its closing time! Now I understand the stress of getting customers out the door I really do, I understand staff work long hours wanting to go home at the end of it. So as a member of staff asked us leave my friends picked up their things and waited outside for me. I asked the bartender if I would be able to use the loo quickly and he replied of course. I’m now leaving the venue after 3 minutes of it being officially shut as I’m leaving I get a lovely farewell from the general manager ‘I told you to leave once already’. Never been in since, such a shame as the beers are great but why would anyone want give their money to someone who is so rude? When I hear of new management taking over I will definitely return! 
So, thanks to awaiting delayed flight in and my wife’s interesting internet search abilities, the three of us decided we needed dinner and didn’t fancy a sandwich. So Oriel was our only choice.... 
The food was good value and very tasty. Service was friendly and fast. This was heading for a 5 star review until at about 8pm the restaurant put on half an hour of "entertainment" - a couple of women dancing at tables to piped music. The music was REALLY loud - uncomfortably close to my pain threshold and certainly too loud to continue conversation. I'd return for the food but only if I could be sure that I wouldn't be put through that experience again. 
Seriously? You guys changed chef or what?? I found 2piece size of 3mm x 3mm bacon and a quarter piece of lettuce and tons of low quality peanut butter in my £12 burger in Barking..(worth £6) And the chips was in a disgustingly big size cut uneven cooked as well... long time ago I didn’t place order because of the quality drop and I sadly noticed nothing has been changed. It’s a shame I’m not a person who likes to leave negative feedback on Trip Advisor but now I do to save people money. I run two food businesses so I really know what you should get for this money. 
My wife and I ate here at the end of September, so we hoped that their 'teething problems' would have been resolved. 
Visited before the All Blacks game at Twickenham on 4/11/17. Booked online for 12 Noon and restaurant was empty apart from one other table when we arrived. 
I went there through a recommendation. Upon arrival, I found the restaurant a little 'sparse' and over out which gave it a clinical feel. Service was quick. Appetizers were limited. I ordered a fillet steak. When it arrived, it had already been cut into small squares and was luke warm. The plates were cold and the accompanied fries were cold too. I sent it back and expected a new steak to come out but unfortunately they put it under the grill to heat up. My steak had become well done! I sent it back again after a short confrontation with the waitress, who tried to defend her actions. I asked why the steak was cut up and she said that that's what we do here. I have never heard of anyone cutting up steak into small squares. The food came out after 15 mins. The issues were: 
food cold , drinks were returned as quality was poor, been here before in the evening and was not disappointed, this time we decided to try lunch time and it was awful 
Now I am far from a hoity-toity diner but this restaurant has some work to do to meet its full potential - of which there is plenty. 
I came for breakfast and tried the avocado smash. The avocado was brownish in the way that avocado will turn if it is mashed but then left to stand for a day. I wish I had sent it back straight away but it was hidden under a salad and poached egg, and it only became obvious what poor food it was as I was eating.  
We were visiting Windsor for the night and came across this restaurant and checked the menu displayed outside and thought we'd give it a try.  
We were disappointed with our meal - the restaurant is small and they cram everyone in making it very noisy. Food wasn't anything special but expensive. Staff were poor... drinks that never came, veggie option came 30 mins after the non-veggie option, dessert never came etc. The décor is also dated. 
Yes, the food is well done and was tasty too.  
I’ve been coming here for 3 years now, and have in the past left a glowing review. This used to be one of the best places in London to get a steak. I’m afraid this is no longer the case. On this occasion, the steaks were distinctly average at best. I have cooked much better steaks at home.  
Really good choice of beer but the food was really disappointing- my cheese burger was cold and tasteless, my boyfriend’s brisket burger was better though.  
Can't comment on the food as we didn't even stay for this. On arrival we asked if there was an easy way to access the garden as we had our buggy with us. We were told no and to go through the pub, involving going up and down steps- I'm 6 months pregnant and we weren't offered any help carrying the buggy. Turns out there is direct access to the garden via the side of the pub.. why we weren't told this I do not know. I then asked for a high chair to which I was quite abruptly told 'no we don't have them, sorry'. This left us with no choice but to leave.. Very disappointed especially being in such a family friendly area. 
Nice enough setting. Ordered the fillet, medium rare, of course. Came out raw! really raw!. Asked for them if they could please do it medium rare. Waitress was very friendly and dealt with it straight away. Second time it came out well done. Waitress came over to check, massively apologised on seeing the tough leather shoe for a steak. Took it back again, next steak came out raw.... again!!. Waitress explained the chef was new and was having an off day.  
Visited on Tuesday 7 August with 3 friends. We are of ‘an age’ and were consistently ignored by the waiting staff. Eventually a waiter had to be cajoled and brought the water we requested and took our order but challenged our choices! Not a great experience. The food was ok but overpriced. Will not be going back in a hurry  
We waited 45 mins for our first course and when it came..well it was tiny..four of us looked at each other and were amazed..we eat out once a month..Kings Head in Teddington..La Buevette..so we are used to fine dining...then the mains..better..but we ordered bread to go along side..the people beside us were complaining that their sides had arrived too late for their mains... 
I've eaten here many times and it's been great. However, on Friday night the service was really slow and the staff seemed uninterested....It's a shame. Food ok, front of house totally ignored us, wine waiter not happy - lovely waitress....we want to support local restaurants but we won't come back for a while, sorry. 
We visited this restaurant on a recommendation from a relative on a Saturday night. 
Long waiting queue for none EU passports, I waited almost 1 hour to pass the immigration control.I was so tired from long flight.The other lines for British and EU passports was so quick but for us was so slow.There were just 3 officers for 100 people.Rude officer with no manners.For country like UK we expect better service.such a shame. 
Ate here early one morning and was looking forward to enjoying something from the bakery! Ordered croissants and baguette, what a disappointment! I was expecting a nice freshly baked , good sized croissant for the price they are charging (£2.50), but no what turned up was a pitiful sized offering, I can get better in any supermarket for a fraction of the cost. A couple of bites and it was gone, not even light and fluffy, just flat and awful. The baguette was ok, but come on £2.50 for 1/2 a small baguette. I know it's the airport but really not value for money at all. On the up side the staff were kind, friendly and efficient, although there weren't many other diners st the time. Wouldn't go here again, would try Cafe Nero opposite! 
Tried this restaurant for lunch pre-flight. My wife and I both ordered the Oriel Burger. The burger itself was reasonable, but the rest of the meal, burger bun and fries was tasteless. Overall a bland and unsatisfying experience. 
Not much going on here, I waited 35 mins for a burger, with no apology from the staff, infact they had the cheek to insist I leave a tip as the delay had nothing to do with them but was the kitchen staff 
Oriel has a really horrible place at the entrance to T4 that is deliberately hard to avoid. As they have the only plac to eat we tried it and were surprised and disapponted at the prices, and yes, we should have walked, especially as the food was only OK and no more. I hate this blatant cornering of the market to remove competition only then to offer very ordinary food. Packed sandwiches next time 
We have been regulars here for many years. After a disappointing Xmas Day meal a couple of years back we stopped going. Decided to give it a try again on my birthday. Sadly its lost its appeal, the food was average frankly, my partner backed hers and it was taken off the bill but although polite the response was little more than blase. Its not cheap and to be honest it doesnt deliver for the prices that they charge. Shame as it was always a local gem. Seems like management and chef have lost their ability to keep up the standards. Thats the last time I waste my money here I am afraid.  
We have had some wonderful meals in this restaurant but this was not one of them. Maybe it was what we selected but for my taste it was was just too damn hot.  
What Happened? 
I know I’m in a minority but I really don’t get this place. It’s very loud in there with mostly Teddington mothers talking seeming at the top of their voices. Food choice very limited but all very fancy and designed to appeal to those middle class health conscious mothers. If you like crushed avocado with chilli oil and such like - go there - but don’t expect top quality ingredients for the top price you will pay. There are far better options in Teddington.  
I went to this restaurant with family for birthday dinner on Sunday. The restaurant was quiet which was nice as we were able to chat away freely with the guests but the quality of food was the biggest disappointment.  
Starters were bland and the main course was sent back as it was uncooked. Disappointing as previous visits had been most enjoyable. 
I have been in for breakfast multiple times but recently have been told on many occasions that we are not able to add spinach onto our breakfast due to them not stocking enough. I have also tried to order spinach as an additional item and been told they have run out when my friend has ordered the vegetarian breakfast of which they came to the table at the same time, it contained spinach (miraculously back in stock). It feels like they don't want to have to go to the extra effort of adding on that extra item. 
Being St Margarets residents we were keen to try out le Salon Prive and we visited last night 15/03/16 with some friends over from Canada. No visible Maitre'D, no atmosphere, they can't make a Negroni - Campari and Soda in a tall glass with a slice of orange does not a Negroni make, starters ok, mains pretty poor - three of us had the Boeuf Bourguignon which was tasteless and slimey and lacked any evidence of the promised Cavalo Nero. Desserts average apart from the Crepe Suzette which was poor. The wine list was ok and the staff were ok. As this was on our Canadian friends I didn't see what the final bill was but it certainly didn't live up to some of the other reviews or its own hype. Embarrassing really as it was our choice to go there. 
Chose to dine at this restaurant before flying to Vienna because the atmosphere looked relaxed and the people looked happy. The menu is great and there are a lot of options. The lovely girl sat me down at a corner table near the till and I waited 10 minutes to be served. The girl said she was "new" - by that she meant she had worked at that restaurant for 6 months, but had no idea what to do with her customers. One man followed her around praising her, even though her customers were waiting for their drinks or plates to be cleared. My drink came 7 minutes later. The duck salad was good, but she forgot to order me my fries. I waited another 10 minutes for her to clear my plate. Every other wait seemed to be fast and efficient, but she clearly didn't know how to work. I waited for her to ask me if I wanted a coffee, but nothing. I just got the bill and stated that I was not happy.  
Not welcoming!! we waited for 10 minutes at the counter before even been acknowledged. Then shown to a table by the waiter.. menus left on table and 20 minutes later still no service. Someone arrived after us, got served immediately. 
I have been eating at Rock and rose for 3 years, I won't be back. The menu and food is slightly different, but this is not the reason. The biggest issue is the new manager! This place WAS a fun, lively sparky unique place. There appears to be a new management structure which creates a stale, abrupt rude climate. He is not a good communicator and is rude....this is not fun, this is painful. I felt like a naughty boy for asking a question. being busy is not an excuse, shame on you. when I choose to spend my hard earned money, I expect to be treated with respect..AVOID. 
I have been away on business for 3 months. I missed the place, 
Been here quite a few times in the past, always found it good, as you can see from my other reviews am used to dining out regularly. Thought I must write a review here, my daughter dined here a few weeks ago on a Saturday night with her husband and another couple. They had booking for 6.30, was told they could have table for one hour and a half (which I think is too short a time for a sat eve) they then were presented with the bill as basically told to move, they said they'd go to bar to have a drink, and were told in no uncertain terms they could only go to bar to pay bill (where's the customer  
We went there for a lovely birthday breakfast for my daughter's 18th birthday. We ordered a bucks Fizz to celebrate. She didn't have her ID on her but was clearly 18 (lots of cards etc). They refused to serve us the drink for her. No Happy birthday wishes. We were then told we could have a drink. So unimpressed as actually if your with adults eating you are allowed as far as I know to have a drink. We were having one glass between us to and with breakfast. I can't say It made us feel welcome or that I want to go back there. They live dogs which is great if you have one. Not people . 
It said on the menu that if you're in a rush they have a 15 minute service; it took about 20 minutes to just get two cocktails (and one was wrong) Also, asked for the most basic cocktail (a Sidecar) and they couldn't do it. 
So, so disappointed by the food - we were a party of 14 and none of us had good food... maybe it was the chef's night off but tough as old boots steak, truly awful teriyaki chicken, overcooked rice and undercooked brocolli. The puddings made up for it a bit. 
Had their alternative (rather expensive) take on a full english breakfast: very good but expensive. Young staff show robotic, phoney and scripted friendliness that thinly masks a ruthless selling method. They do not bother to clear empty cups, serve cold coffee and pump up the beats when you want peace and quiet. It was also uncomfortably cold as there was no heating. 
Just a posh kebab shop food was bland and uninviting have eaten in many Turkish meze type venues this was not good... 
A large group of us went to Rock and Rose and ordered from the set menu.  
This has become a much loved Teddington institution. I’ve only ever been here for a day time coffee before, which was really only ok, but the place was full. My wife has never been here before. 
We ate here on Sunday for a pre-Christmas get-together, hoping it would be 'special' enough for our gathering, but not uncomfortably posh or snooty. The impression their site gives, and the reviews I had read, meant that we were all really looking forward to the event. 
There was 6 of us for a late dinner on a Saturday night.. our drink and starter order was taken and the starters arrived before the cocktails - when we asked what happened to the drinks we were told the bar was busy and the drinks will follow. They did - maybe 15 minutes later.. 
Absolutely no atmosphere, no music just two middle aged East European couples on separate tables, neither couple spoke they looked at their food and ate without speaking to each other. when we walked in there was no one to greet us after a few minutes a waitress appeared presume she had been in the kitchen but no apology and by then fed up of standing around we had seated ourselves at a table, the atmosphere was that of a funeral parlour ! 
Worst experience. Tried simple dal and rice and they screwed it up. Will not try again. Hope they improve soon. 
He food here is still fairly ok but is quite expensive for what you get. What has dipped in this place is the standard of the service. It was never exceptional but has taken a distinct turn of the worst of late. Staff are slow and a bit nonchalant when it comes to attention to the customers. 
Food tasted fresh and was fine, although I wasn't overwhelmed by the veggie breakfast.  
The starter was great and tasted good but the main wasn't great at all, quite tasteless in fact and the steak was very chewy with grizzly fat in it.it also was cooked rarer than medium as asked. The peppercorn sauce was so salty and tasteless and not a lot of chips hand made with skins and the Christina's slaw was a let down as all it was was red cabbage a few carrot and mayonnaise. A big hefty price for not much! 
This is a pure vegetarian hotel. The food is tasty. However, I was little dissatisfied with the customer service. I visited at around 4pm and there was only one person dealing with taking orders and also clearing the table. They could no offer Bhel puri or Pani Puri as the person who prepares this was not available at that time. We had to wait for our order for quite a long time. On top of all this he charged 10% service charge, which is absolutely ridiculous.  
Having had lunch in lots of different places in teddington I have heard about the fallow deer a lot, so thought I would try it. I was very disappointed as it was nothing more than average in fact I much prefer the cafe a few doors down which is very similar. The fallow deer has a weird air of arrogance and it’s nothing special at all. There was nothing wrong with my food but it’s over priced for what it is.  
I visited this restaurant after a long time and found it has gone downhill. I ordered the Undhiu which is one of their signature dishes amongst other items. The waiter confirmed the order and all seemed well till the main courses arrived. I was told the undhiu was not available and I had to order an alternative which was annoying as my puris went cold till the alternative arrived. They replaced the puris with new ones after I complained to them but the alternative dish was tasteless and they had the audacity to charge me for the alternative dish because i decided to pack it and take it with me. They gave me a kulfi to be shared between four people as an apology (I think). The excuse i got from them was that the chef was not happy with the quality of the undhiu and took it off sale. So the question I put to them do your waiters communicate with the chef? and why was i not told that the dish was not available earlier so I could make an alternative choice at leisure rather than under under pressure. It was an embarrassing evening in front of my guests and I am definately not going there again. 
Went with family for diwali dinner and found this place to be useless in every department from the food ,service and plastic cutlery. 
I've been coming here for over a year. The standards have slipped, and the food has taken a turn for the worst. The 'falafel' burger was little more than mush and the rest of the food ordered was either bland and/or burnt. What a shame. 
Very poor. Over styled mean portions for even cheap ingredients. Will not be back. Expensive too. Cafe over the road much more honest.  
Myself and my Wife recently decided to try out the restaurant . A Thursday evening around 8.00 maybe the fact that it was empty was a clue . The food was fine if not a tad over cooked . I then made a bad mistake of asking for a glass of water which as I was thirsty downed rapidly. I would suggest to the owner that in future he only serve bottled water as 4 hours later I was still feeling the effects of his tap water . I have no idea how tap water can effect anyonelike this , most people at least have the sense to run it 1st . Overall the food was OK and was better presented than tasted . 
A Gujerati based vegetarian restaurant - food is very basic and service poor. Disappointing.. 
A screenshot of what I put on your Facebook page on Friday and still no reply !!!I went to the rock and rose last night for my birthday. We have been on previous occasions and love the place .i doubt we will return again after last night . The service from the manager was very unprofessional. You had sent me a email for my birthday for a free cocktail. When I ordered the cocktail there was a price restriction on the drink I could have .and was very limited. In future you should say this on the email . Especially after we just spent in excess of £200 with you . The manager was terribly unhelpful. A very disappointed customer 
I booked this restaurant for my partner's birthday celebration with a couple of friends. There was only one time available for a table of four so I booked it but informed the restaurant half the party would arrive slightly later and if possible could we move it, but unfortunately they couldn't so we had the table for two hours. Within half an hour of arriving at the restaurant, we were asked when the rest of the party would be arriving despite there being empty tables available. Once our guests arrived, the staff rushed us to order but from then on the service was slow. When they chased us to order desserts because they needed the table, we had been waiting to place our order for a good 15 minutes. The food was ok but overpriced for what it was. The waiting staff were friendly and put sparklers in my partner's dessert but the person who I assume to be the manager was extremely rude and unprofessional. I wouldn't go to Rock & Rose again.  
Food was of a good standard but this restaurant was let down by the rudeness of the waiting staff. The service was slow and they seemed unable to cope with an order that contained more than 2 dishes. One meal was forgotten about entirely.  
The service at the Fallow Deer has been quite poor for several years, and doesn't seem to improve. 
As a local who really enjoys Middle Eastern cuisine, I visited Lebanese nights on the strength of the Trip Advisor reviews looking forward to finding an alternative to our usual drive to London for the pleasure. We eat Middle Eastern food at least twice a month and it's so familiar I have not yet reviewed the restaurants we normally visit. 
I visited Cristina's for the first time with friends and was shocked by how delicious the food was (for Barking) and how it is overpriced (but now I know they take TASTE CARD) so I treated my boyfriend and his daughter to lunch. The beef was really really pink, hardly touched the griddle, and was very chewy. My boyfriend had the lamb which he said would have been nice with some mint sauce or mustard, but they didn't have any condiments, I asked for horseradish and apparently they were out of everything. There's an Asda down the road, you'd have thought they would have gone out and bought some. Disappointing as boyfriend said he wouldn't go back. Dinner was bland and the kale was very very salty. Drinks are over priced 
I met a friend for lunch - we waited an age to be given a menu, then had to request a waitress to come and take our order (she was clearly engaged with friends who were sitting at another table having a meal and couldn't be bothered with us!) The food finally arrived and was OK - nothing in particular to rave about. We then had to ask the waitress again if we could have some coffees. Staff really need to have lessons in customer service! It was very noisy and the layout of the tables is not conducive for people who want to enjoy each others company over a lunch. 
I used to love this place since the beginning, despite their prices going up and food quality inconsistency at times. Loved the mismatched vintage china (long gone), vintage/reclaimed wood tables and chairs. I could even cope with their patchy wifi and their noisy environment (they could do with some sound dampening solutions IMO). It was all part of the charm, along with the friendly, bubbly service. However, it has gradually lost its character over the years and the many 'makeovers'. The recent one was the worst of all. I can understand the reasons behind some of the updates but sadly, now it's just like any other cafe around the area. 
Had food from here three times now. First was a delivery that took an hour and was stone cold. Wouldn't mind but I live less than 100 meters from the restaurant; no discount was given when the boss ended up delivering. Second time we had a takeaway, this wasn't bad. Third time was for a friends birthday. Having pushed their signature dish so much, thought we'd try it. It arrived after most of the party had finished and consisted of raw chicken and under cooked lamb. They kindly deducted this from the bill after I complained. Watch the prices of drinks and extras. 
After long walk in Kew garden , I was looking for a place to chill On the way to Richmond I have found this place , Nice layout and pretty deco , but the cocktails were abit expensive . 
The food was certainly edible. But the portions were very small for main courses. Starters were fine but lack of yolk of a runny kind ruined the pork. Wine list a bit odd or at least hard work to read. Given great reviews before we were just left a little lacking.  
Brula used to have a great reputation, and may still have popularity for some. However on Tuesday night we had a dismal meal. We considered that most of the menu was either pre cooked or kept in a chiller cabinet. My husband's crab starter was so cold that it had lost its taste. 
I haven't been here in about four years, as I moved out of the area for three, and favoured their sister restaurant La Buvette in Richmond for evenings out. However, previously I was a frequent visitor. But what a massive disappointment, and how much they have disimproved. I cannot understand the ratings they have received. Ok..so here are the lowlights:  
Stopped by for coffee and a snack but soon left. It's full of so called yummy mummies and hipsters and it took ages to get served so we left and went elsewhere. Shame really as what we could see of the food looked reasonable. 
Ordered a bottle of champagne and was brought a glass of champagne. Ordered Lobster Thermidor and was brought Lobster with mac 'n cheese. There was hardly any lobster in the shell, just sauce. Had diarrhoea for the next two days as something I was served was not fresh. 
What used to be a great restaurant, with the best atmosphere and decor, what now become a bit bland and over priced! 
Ate here last night as the girlfriend's parents were staying in the Hilton T5 prior to an early morning flight today. Wasn't sure if the place had a good reputation or not, but thought I recognised the name, and this was confirmed with a quick google, and that yes, the food would be excellent. Having lost track of time in the downstairs bar, I will be the first to admit that we were late for our booking, but as soon as I saw that the place wasn't particularly busy I didn't feel so bad. 
Found a seat and then ignored. Finally had to stand and find someone to take my order. No Guineas working so only one beer choice (which just happens to be the most expensive). Ordered a basic burger, plate was hot, but the food was tepid. Asked for the food to be heated. Seemed I might have insulted them with that request.  
I had read about this place in the local magazine and thought I would give it a go. The menu looked great online!  
A decent chippy should be judged on the quality of chip first and foremost. Chips from this eatery are NOT proper chips, I know a proper chip shop chip when I eat one! If you are going to charge an over inflated price for your ware it needs to be of a better standard than tonights offering. Your "chips" were exactly that, chips of potato, over fried and far too crispy. Poor... 
I decided to take my son and his girlfriend to this restaurant, as I had been before and was very impressed. It was lunchtime and almost empty. Never a good sign in my experience. We sat down and had excellent service throughout the meal. The starter came up quickly. My son's girlfriend had the chicken liver parfait which she said was lovely and a large portion. I had the asparagus and poached egg. Again very nice! My son, however, had the goats cheese salad and struggled through the surfeit of tomatoes to fine the cheese, not good! The belly of pork was fine but the crackling was unseasoned thus tasteless. the plaice was okay but lacked all but a very small bit of garlic potato. The salmon main was again a surfeit of tomatoes and bits of salmon dotted on the plate, The Creme Brulee was unset, rushed, the sugar topping had not set, not satisfactory. The Strawberries Elderflower sorbet and Meringues. Strawberries were mushy (in strawberry season, unforgivable), Elderflower sorbet, good, as for the meringue, why mention it, four small dots on the plate. This place has either sat on its Tripadvisor laurels or the chef has run out of food and ideas of how to cook. Yes tomatoes are in season too, but don't use cheap food to bulk an expensive dish, it's dishonest. It was not busy so no excuse. The serving staff were apologetic and took the desserts off the menu but £109 for lunch for three. No thank you, not again! 
Only giving as high as two stars because the food was good other than one main course shame about everything else about the place including the staff which let it down and made two stars seems overly generous. We got seated and given a food and just a wine menu, my gf is pregnant so asked for another drinks menu. The wine menu was swifly taken off me. Since it was hot I decided to have a soft drink any way with our starter. We finished our drinks and couldn't even get the attention of any staff despite previously being hassled multiple times to order before we had ordered we had no clear idea who our waiter was and it felt like a massive inconvenience to call any one over. I was hoping to have wine with my main and would have loved to have desert as well. We would have happily of spent a lot more money as it was our anniversary. it seems all the staff were happy to all help out with serving obvious regulars rather than looking after newcomers. Covid guidelines also not followed too many tables packed too closely together and too many people allowed in at one time. The safety screens installed didn't seem fit for purpose and made my gf uncomfortable. She also had a pasta main which she said she could of made herself at home. Luckily she enjoyed her starter will avoid in the future. Going to be going somewhere different next week as a second anniversary celebration so we don't have this unfortunate experience to remember it. 
My wife and I plus grandson visited this early on a Saturday evening for his birthday. It was very busy but we seated promptly. I ordered Surf & Turf which was half a lobster (very good) on a sirloin steak (not good). The sirloin was so tough I could not eat it. My wife's duck was also very tough and the fillet steak my grandson ordered also chewy. I sent back my steak and really should have sent the other meals back as well but I did not want to spoil the treat for my grandson. This restaurant really needs to source a better quality meat product. 
Service was excellent, top notch. 
Since I've moved to St Margarets a couple of years ago, I've heard lots of nice things about Brula.  
First visit back since new ownership, service was patchy but new waitress who meant well. The Cod was probably the worst i have had, could only scrape off the white fish from a chewy unedible skin and chewy batter, this place was the best around, just taking over a name doesnt mean you can ride on the coat tails of the previous owners at £45.00 for two we wont be back. 
Food is not worth those prices. It is ok but just nothing special. They do have some lovely cocktails. 
We have been going for years here but this was the first time since Covid19. No masks worn by any of the chefs and waiters - bringing food and drinks and talking over you with less than 1 metre between us and them. The manager even tried to shake our hand - we felt extremely uncomfortable the whole evening with regards to Covid. Food was amazing as always though. 
First meal post lockdown and it was really disappointing. We were sat immediately and the restaurant had done a good job of spacing out the tables. Drinks ordered after 15mins of waiting and only four arrived. A further 15 mins later and after much prodding the other two arrived. Pasta dish was very bland and sauce was watery. Had to ask for items multiple times over the course of the evening so it got irritating. Didn’t stay for dessert as we just wanted to get out of there. Have visited at least 10 times over the last 2 years so not a regular but know the food to be good so don’t know what happened especially with the service. Waiter was very poor. A shame as we won’t be rushing back but they have their favourites so maybe that’s where we went wrong.  
3 of us were sat at a table after the drinks were served the waiter came and said that table is booked for someone else and I have to move. First time ever some has done that to me anyway a kid it y not going. There are so many better restaurants in Hammersmith and fulham borough you have got potli literally 2 mins walk from here is is much better in service and tastes better too or try Kishmish in Fulham or just go a bit passed that you have chutney mary. I won't come back here when you have so many good options in this Borough. Sorry forgot to mention Raj Put in sheperds bush  
Very disappointed with this restaurant- the food has very little substance & meat with plenty of rice & salad to fill you up! Not very flavoursome unfortunately and nothing above average. Service was shocking, so slow we nearly left as waited 20 mins for our drinks order to be taken! Don’t bother, there’s plenty better restaurants in Kingston & far better value for money too. 
Wanted to get my late Friday lunch at this friendly fish and chips shop . Has been my favourite for the past 2 yrs. but voila it’s now run by a different management. Staff is a complete new team.Last time I went was Sep 2019. I don’t think the service was as great - I think the chap who cooked the fish and chips for me was the ‘boss’ as I felt his aloofness and looked quite proud. The service is boringly mechanic. He wasn’t wearing the apron while cooking.My food was not drained long enough so tasted soggy. It affected my whole eating experience.have to start looking for another good fish and chips shop... 
Food was good but completely overshadowed by the service. I was 15min late due to a mix up with my taxi, out of courtesy I rang and advised the restaurant but luckily my friend arrived before me. On the phone I was advised that it was not an issue and reminded our slot was only 2hrs but that we still had ample time. Once there, we were reminded by staff 4 times that we only had the table for two hours! The waiter even approached us to say please look at your menus ladies. 
Very disappointed with the staff. It was a busy Saturday night but we didn't get a welcome at all. They hardly made eye contact throughout the entire meal, there was certainly no conversation, recommendations etc. The food was lovely but I couldn't wait to leave due to their rudeness. A real shame as the food was delicious and I live 10 minutes walk away.  
I went to this place which is at Terminal 3, the place looks very good from the outside and the interior also is nice. So I had the burger and chips, I think that if you are going to offer high priced burgers then you need to make sure they are good, however this was such a disappointment, the burger was really dry and quite unappetising, I’m sure that you can get a good meal there, but unfortunately I will try somewhere else next time.  
Undercooked pasta, over cooked bacon and flat drinks, I won’t be coming here again especially for the price I paid.  
Service is so poor when Mother Deer isn't there and also later in the day. Huddling staff avoiding eye contact to serve you. You go up to the bar to get served and they tell you it's table service - even though you have been sitting there for 15 minutes!!. SO annoying as I like this place - particularly the cocktail nights. Please also think about someone in charge of greeting visitors. I'm never sure if I am supposed to sit down or wait to be seated. Disappointing experience - sorry. Food very average and expensive. 
We visited Brula on a Monday lunchtime - service was very slow even though only a few tables were occupied. Staff were friendly, but everything took for ever. We had Ballotine de volaille - described as a three bird roast of duck, chicken and turkey with parsnips, red cabbage and bread sauce. What arrived was a small portion of meat with an undistinguished sauce, a few shreds of red cabbage and one parsnip - which was undercooked and inedible. For desert we chose a rum and raisin sponge with nougat ice cream which turned out to be rather dry, and a sticky toffee pudding with caramel sauce and ice cream which was over sweet. This, plus the free tap water and few slices of bread would have cost £45 without the special offer- and left us still feeling hungry. There are plenty of other restaurants with fewer pretensions nearby. 
To be fair the food is very good but the staff are grumpy and borderline rude. 1 out of 10 for customer service but 8 out of ten for food.  
This is a great restaurant with fantastic food. We’ve been coming here for 20 years. However, two visits in August and the service at both was terrible. On one visit people were having to go to the bar to get any service for drinks or to have dishes cleared. What a shame, please sort out this terrible service as the food is so good and this is the best restaurant in Croydon. 
We were a party of 6. 
Third time was not lucky. Same inefficient, disinterested service - there are some young men who shouldn't enter the service industry unless they are interested in providing service! And the food was so-so, as well. Hubby said his burger was O.K. But my soup was totally tasteless - broth like water, stale bread on the side. And the Victoria sponge - so dry, even with the extra cream I ordered. There are many cafes and restaurants in Teddington so shan't need to come here again. 
The place is gorgeous, food and service great. Highly recommended on that basis... but...  
Attended Sunday for a fathers day meal, food was perfect and no issues with this at all, poor service needs to be addressed ASAP although gave us money off the bill this doesn't improve the visit we had on this occasion will really struggle to go again 
We really want to like the fallow deer cafe, but in every occasion it's failed to deliver. Although the atmosphere is lovely, the service is always very poor. We've had cold food, missing orders and our last visit simply left us without anything at all. Such a shame as Teddington really needs a trendy cafe like this. They just need to get more attentive staff. After 5 different visits now, we've had to decide that we definitely won't be giving it another chance. What a shame.  
Went to this restaurant due to the number of people saying it was the best curry they had ever had. Maybe we are spoilt for good curry houses in Nottingham because this wouldn't get in the top ten. Nothing wrong with the food but nothing great about it either. Poppadoms come with minimal chutney and pickle so we asked for extra which the waiters were clearly reluctant to provide. It only arrived after we followed up our request and then just before our main course was served. Maybe our outrageous request for a bit more chutney was the reason we did not get the complimentary pumpkin soup which was given to everybody else in the restaurant. 
We had travelled a long way and specially chose here to have a different type of breakfast and were there at 8:35am one Saturday, the chairs were not even off the tables and no lights were on. No notification to say they would be open a bit later. According to information they were supposed to be open already. Peeped through the window and there was no sign of life. 
We always leave a review when we visit somewhere, this is to give an accurate up to date snap shot of a place. 
We have been several times to the Fallow Deer for some lunch/brunch. 
First of all I am a regular at this restaurant and I LOVE the food here. Now I have a kid I order for takeaways more often than dining in. I called around 5:50 on Sat to order for a pickup as I normally do and a man answered but hung up when I said its for a pickup. I thought there was a problem with the line so called back few times but no one was picking up. At that point I thought it was weird. I tried for the last time and the man answered again, told me to wait but he never came back to take my order. This is one of my fave restaurants and I cannot believe this has happened. Only if he just explained it's too busy to pre-order or something I would understand but just to leave me on the phone so that it doesn't keep ringing??? It's just disgusting service. I never write bad reviews but shame on you whoever answered the phone! 
My Husband and I were excited to try the Fallow Deer, but were left very disappointed. When we were seated we had to wait and wait.....until we had to flag someone down to provide us with menus and to clean the table (crumbs, spillage etc).  
Been this place two times and I'm very disappointed, the coffe is not nice the staff I don't think they trained barista but friends up,and the the food is very blended slap in the plate no way to eat here again. 
Was so looking forward to visiting this restaurant. It’s always busy so booked 4 weeks ahead. Such a disappointment though. My rack of lamb was so tough (over cooked) I just couldn’t eat it. Of the four meals at our table three were not very good. The other two were over seasoned, much too much salt in the prawn dish and too much mustard in the stroganoff. Prawn cocktail and pate ok but no cooking involved there. The veg was good thankfully so filled up on that. Didn’t see the chef but waitress was apologetic. 
Visited recently with our neighbours. First time I have been back for a long time and unfortunately the 'throwback to the 70's' vibe' is still there. Food was okay but the general ambience/decor of the place is just so outdated. Depressing evening. Will not be returning. 
The food and service were generally great but am giving a low rating due to my gluten-intolerant wife becoming ill after our anniversary meal! We phoned in advance to confirm that they have gluten-free offerings and were confidently told that most of the menu was, or could be made, gluten free. The staff appeared to be quite clued up and seemed to have experience in dealing with gluten intolerance. I can only suspect that there was accidental cross-contamination somewhere in the cooking process or that her order wasn't correctly passed down to the chef. A shame as the food was very nice. 
I have eaten here before and was always happy to recommend despite it’s 1970’s style. 
We visited for my birthday, I had called into the restaurant early on the week to reserve a table for Friday night, told the chap I wanted a nice positioned table as it was my birthday. He was very positive and said he would reserve a good table as long as we vacated our table at 2030, not a problem. 
Went to this restaurant for a family meal. 
Disappointed . 
A few years ago when Manoj Vasaikar opened Indian Zing he appeared to have high standards and a genuine desire to provide an exceptional eating experience, but sad to say having eaten here a few times recently, the experience has become increasingly disappointing. Manoj has settled (sold out) to churn out the usual sub standard Indian food to the locals who flock here in droves. Expect it busy and average. Such a shame! It was so much better a few years ago. 
Martin can cook but meals are old fashioned and wholesome cooking  
This was our second visit to Indian Zing. I decided to give it another try because our first experience did not live up to all the positive reviews and hype, so I concluded that we had made a bad choice from the menu. If anything it was poorer than first time around, extra embarrassing as we’d brought friends along. 
Although I have often had excellent meals at Biggles, we suggested to friends that we should book a table for four this week. Our friends declined to go there, on the basis that their rating on 'Scores on the Doors' ( the Food Standards Agency) of 1 out of 5 on food hygiene and safety dated 19.04.2017 has never been updated or improved upon, something that could have been done by requesting another visit by the local inspectors. 
Two adults and two children came for lunch to find the set menus shown on their website is not on offer on Saturdays.  
I went 2 times so far. But I don't think the third will be soon. The meat is OK. Not perfect but good. When it comes to prices, it is really high :( 
Very dated and old fashioned.  
Had pate starter some toast and pate can't really go wrong on that it was quite nice the stroganoff was very poor not great meat and a pale cream sauce dribbled over it. I only actually decided to try it because it was in the Amex Shop Small came to pay was told they don't take Amex not sure why anyone would. Enquired of Amex who are investigating as they do take Amex and why would they sign up to the Shop Small which they did if they are not going to honour it (Amex words). If the food had been good I'd not have been too bothered about the Amex issue but what I had wasn't that good anyway! Won't be returning, Wetherspoons is better!  
Had a filet steak and it was horrible,no tasty,asked for Medium Rare and it came almost Well done cooked so I asked if it's cooked Medium Rare and they said Yes so just finished what a could because I was hungry and left disappointed! 
We have eaten here a number of times, not the cheapest of restaurants but the food is usually a good standard, our latest visit has been somewhat disappointing and has highlighted that standards have changed, staff were abrupt and unwelcoming, the meals were served to the table with no interest or enthusiasm at all, the extras charged for 4 side dishes of vegetables (£15.80) amounted to no more than a gesture on the side of the plate and this was accompanied by a spoon of potato fit for a 4 year old, the whole meal was just so out of proportion. I wont mention the dessert trolley other to say that I have seen better served by the meals on wheels service. For the cost of our whole experience we could all have had two lovely meal evenings out at our local pub, that is what we will be doing in future, we will not be chancing a return visit, we have just cancelled a booking for 8 people in September. Get a grip Biggles and don't take you customers for granted. 
Been a couple of times to Biggles and enjoyed it. Went on Friday and was very disappointed. Food good but seem to cost more on Friday night, we had less food, wine etc than before but bill was more and staff abrupt. 
I read the glowing reviews here so booked a table for 3 for lunch. It was like eating in someone's front room. In fact it was like eating in the front room of someone you didn't know, and who wished you'd go away so they could continue reading their newspaper. The food was cheap, which is good, but tasted it, which wasn't. 
Second visit To this restaurant and had made reservation well in advance as dinner with friends. Hugely disappointed with service .. waitress told us over 5 times during our time slot that she wanted the table back so we practically swallowed our food. We were not even offered the opportunity for dessert! Additionally there was an empty table beside us which they could have added chairs if there was an over reservation. This is my local town and hugely disappointed and will not return again nor recommend.  
Waitress was rushing us, never made eye contact, totaally distracted, didn’t understand the beer or wine order.The food was unwhelming. Swordfish should have had lobster bisque sauce, no such flavour, risotto was loose, watery and under seasoned. The chicken pasta was no better than an off days cooking at home. Wouldn’t stay for dessert on principle. Cocktails weak and sweet. Felt rippped off. Never again... 
First visit here very doubtful will ever go back. Considering that the restaurant was not particularly busy, the waiters kept wandering off for a chat to the rest of the staff. My husband had to keep gettting up to find them. The atmosphere was dreadful due to a mature gentlemen seemingly wanting the rest of the restaurant to hear his conversation, including his foul language. We felt very disappointed especially as we had checked out trip advisor reviews and had been recommended this restaurant by friends. Disappointed to say the least. 
Came here on a Saturday evening with a friend. I thought it would be a good comparison for Prime restaurants but didn’t remotely compare. The pricing was the same as Prime but food was nowhere near as good. Waiters were slack, never came over to see if we wanted any more drinks, left empty glasses on the table even though they had eventually brought us our next drinks. There was a group of 10 sitting near us that were incredibly loud to the point my friend and I had to shout to be able to talk to each other. I asked the waiting staff 3 times to ask them if they could keep the noise down just a little bit but to no avail. Eventually the manageress came over and gave us a free drink but not the point, kind of ruined the nice civilised meal my friend and I were having. It is also a very loud and busy place so if your looking for quiet and intimate not the place to go  
There is NO PARKING despite advertised with parking. There is a public car park that can be used as pay and display (it cost us £22 for one night). The rooms were on the smallish side with unnecessary furniture blocking movement around the bed, but still it was reasonable. Cleanliness ok but not great. However it smelled of smoke (as if it used to be used as a smoking room) and window would not open (sliding windows kept falling shut). The bed was incredibly uncomfortable and I hardly slept at all - small bed, cheap thin mattress and pillows that desperately need replacing. NO BREAKFAST facilities available. They recommended a restaurant across the road but didn’t tell us we needed to book and I would have thought they would have had an arrangement with the restaurant to get hotel guests a table. It was full and we couldn’t get breakfast. We had to walk into Windsor to to find other options. The TV in the room was difficult to use with non-standard menus.  
We heard so much, how great the food was at Biggles restaurant, and finally some good friend of ours, manage to book a table, before we Left Buckingham, area.  
Booked a table for 1pm on a quiet Thursday lunchtime.  
Took my family to this restaurant we have been to many times. Always been good but tonight my meal was the exception. The calamari was so tough I couldn’t eat it. The waitress asked if the meal was ok. When I said no that it was so tough I couldn’t eat it - apart from an apology no further comments made. I would be reluctant now to eat there again. 
A friend and I went to Los Molinos in July-2015, as we live nearby. 
The George Inn has great potential based on the building and the beer alone. However, my experience here left me wanting. We were served on the bar by Frankie, who is to the best of my knowledge the manager, and whilst her service was tolerable, if not a little condescending in her explanation of the different ales, she seemed to be really rather rude to her staff, shoving past them and snapping at them. Being in the hospitality industry myself, I see absolutely no need for this aggressive style of management of what seemed like perfectly competent and welcoming employees, and as a customer it's uncomfortable to witness. Please, do better. 
Pre-book a table for a group. Arrive to be told the menu was mostly unavailable and blamed it on a delivery issue. 
We went to Biggles as a couple to celebrate my birthday, having been recommended for several years by our family and friends (whom incidentally have always visited as part of a large group). Upon arrival we were met by a waiter who simply told us to go to the bar, did not attempt to direct us or escort us. Not the best start but still, we entered the restaurant and approached the bar and ordered some drinks. Shortly after the waiter came to the bar and presented a group of 8 with menus, he did not even acknowledge us yet alone offer us menus! After about 20 minutes we managed to obtain one of the menus that the group had placed on the bar, fortunate we did as very soon after we were asked what we would like to order! What should we have done if the menu was not left for us to pick up? Nonetheless with such a lofty reputation we were determined to enjoy our meal so placed our food order along with some more drinks. About 20 minutes after our reservation time we were told (by bar lady/Manageress/owner?) that we could go to our table if we wished! We sat and looked forward to a lovely dinner. First up was crepe fruit de mer for my partner and spicy tiger prawns for myself, both were OK if somewhat unspectacular, the crepe was much more akin to a heavy gratin and the prawns were a little tough but by this time we were so hungry we ate and accepted that perhaps our expectations were just a little high! For main my partner had halibut which she did indeed enjoy this very much, I had a 'medium' Beef Wellington which unfortunately I did not! The 'medium' beef was very well done and tasted more like over cooked liver than succulent fillet steak, and the pastry was raw in many places. Having heard so much about the wonderful personal service we were also surprised to have to 'chase' the waiters for drinks and generally felt very unimportant! There were two groups of 8 in the restaurant and it became obvious quite quickly that the entire restaurants focus was on these and they indeed appeared to be enjoying some attentative service and perhaps some very good food! When finished with the groups the waiters cleared our unfinished mains, I am not sure if we were going to be offered desert but having not eaten my main we decided to call it a night and decline desert.  
Some might call it alternative, but let's say it as it is. This place needs a good hose down - the kitchen is clearly on show so should be spotless. And having to go through the food preparation area to get to the toilet ... 
We live near GX and given all the hype and word of mouth positive reviews, we had to try this Argentinian steak restaurant. I am afraid that it did not live up to our expectations. The two stars I awarded are for the ambience, decor and our waiter. (Not the service). 
Prior to my visit a week or so ago, Los Molinos was always a favourite haunt in the W6 area and I've been going there on and off for the last decade at least. It was a Friday night and we were booked for an early dinner. There were perhaps 2 or 3 other tables were taken when we arrived and two waiting staff were looking after what should have been a perfectly manageable service. Whilst both pleasant and friendly, the service given ended up being completely incompetent, due to poor language skills and, presumably, inexperience by the waiter. Drinks were ordered, including a bottle of wine, which was forgotten about until a reminder after about 10 minutes. We were incorrectly served bottled water when we asked for tap water and were asked 'what is tap water?'. The food arrived in good time, was generous but possibly not as delicious as remembered. We were kindly able to take large doggy bags away with us, but sadly some of it was so badly packed that it leaked on my friend's way home and ended up falling onto the pavement as she walked. It took us some time to get attention to order a desert. After about 20 minutes it seemed they'd also forgotten this order. We tried to enquire about it with the waiter, who had to refer to his colleague, as he couldn't really understand us, and there were some slightly panicked looks of surprise as the waitress disappeared presumably to the kitchen and then came a few minutes later to say it was just being cooked and something about being busy downstairs. Unless people were were coming through a secret door we couldn't see, we found this a little hard to believe. I suggested that if we'd known we were going to be sat around with nothing to eat or drink for half an hour, we might have been offered something while we were waiting or been given the opportunity to order something. The waitress missed the point, in terms of half decent customer service, and asked if we wanted to order more drinks. I reiterated that it might have been nice to have been offered something previously or now offered something by way of an apology. Nothing more was said but some minutes later two complimentary hazelnut liquers were brought over and we were told that's all that could be offered for free and was that ok? I was too fed up to say that I didn't really eat nuts or point out that there were three of us at the table, one of whom was under 16, and that if you're going to offer an 'apology' you should really try and gauge what might be a suitable apology before making a random offering. So disappointed after all these years and the experience left me unlikely to recommend or visit again. 
I came here with some friends, it was my turn to pick the place for dinner and Masaniello has been my favourite Italian in Twickenham for many years so I was excited to show them as they had never been. 
Oh man! We went here a few years ago and loved it! But, today it was dreadful! Despite the refurbished decor, the food was ok, the service was under resourced and inattentive and for over a hundred quid for two, I expect better! We won’t bother again - lots better options in Windsor! 
I ate here with my cousin on Saturday night - I live locally and I hadn't been for ages and was bitterly disappointed. The room looks the same, welcoming and warm, but the food really let it down. The service was rushed, we arrived at 10.30 and I felt they wanted us in and out so they could then close. But if they are going to be 'open', then you shouldn't feel as if you have to hurry. The dishes came out and were almost thrown down onto the table by a rather brusque waitress. The patatas bravas were the worst I have ever tasted - boiled potatoes in a watery sauce. And the pork dish which was advertised as a Special, was just tiny pieces of rubbery pork that tasted of very little. Pan con tomate was luke warm soggy bread, instead of the lovely hot crispy slices it should have been. One wonders if the staff really know how it should really look and taste. It all looked and tasted as if it had been microwaved and from the speed with which it arrived after we ordered, I would imagine this was indeed the case. The food never used to be this dull and unimpressive, I would suggest that those who give good reviews do not know what decent Spanish tapas should taste like. Next time, I will walk that little bit farther and eat at Tapas Revolution in Westfield, it may be stuck in the middle of a shopping centre, but the service and the food is far superior and their pan con tomate is to die for!! 
Quite some time back I would come here often both for lunch and the evening meal and I loved it and would recommend it to anyone local who was looking for something different. Clean, good food and service, and a lovely atmosphere. Last time was for my sons 30th birthday lunch (as we were all going to London the next day for the main dinner) and I was embarrassed. We asked for 2 gins - only could manage 1, so I had a beer. Duck was good but steak was tough. Prawn starter was a few shrimps scattered over a red sauce - what happened to the large prawns in the shell that I loved. Desserts are limited to a bought gateau, ice cream and pancakes. Bland boring and uninteresting and a great disappointment. Floor was filthy, and the restaurant had just opened for the day. Martin is a nice guy, no doubt there, and always comes out to chat - but this is not the place it once was. LB Uxbridge 
Late valentine day meal for me and my wife. It’s a difficult restaurant to get into so we’re looking forward to it. They didn’t get off to a good start with no offer to take our jackets.  
Biggles restaurant, of Denham, is akin to entering a time warp upon entrance. A statement that is perhaps a little vulgar, but nevertheless appropriate. The decor, coupled with the style of service, certainly does remind oneself of the nineteen-eighties.  
Went last night, expected a lot better. Pleasant enough start, as we were welcomed by a polite waitress and shown to a table in the Townhouse, completely empty, so we asked to be seated in the main area, in a window seat which was accommodated. Good enough start. We sat down and was offered some tap water, which arrived quickly. A different waiter immediately came over to see if we were ready to order our meals. We hadn't even opened the menu and not even been asked if we would like a drink. A gin and tonic and a glass of champagne was ordered to enjoy while we looked at the menu. Once we ordered our starters and mains, it felt like the waiter must've stepped inside the kitchen to pick up the starters and immediately return with them. One was a cold starter and one a fish cake so it must've literally been a minute to warm the fish cake with everything else pre-prepared. I understand that with cold starters every restaurant will pre-prepare these but you shouldn't literally walk an order in and walk out with the starter, at least give the illusion that it was being prepared. Both starters were enjoyable, the cauliflower cheese panna cotta, while tasted good was not panna cotta, much more mousse like and the fish cake was served in a bowl, which made it extremely difficult to eat, with a fork, would've been much better served on a plate. Both starters were ok, but not amazing. 
Visited last week for a family birthday celebration. Biggles is perfectly situated next door to a retirement home. The decor and menu are so firmly set in the 1970's, I would not have been surprised to see Terry and June at the next table. Service is shouty and chaotic, food is average and expensive.They clearly are catering for older clientele who yearn for melon with a glace cherry, chicken kiev, steak diane and crepes suzette. Not worth a special journey unless you want to recreate the Berni Inn experience but with 2015 prices. 
Very over priced for quality of meal, not even bread basket included. £50 too much for set 3 courses.  
My partner and I popped in to home for a happy hour drink last night and walked out feeling we had been ripped off. 
Cozy bordering on claustrophobic. It’s well kept and the staff are nice. I ordered the classic fish & chips. While cooked perfectly, the fish and fries lacked flavor. There was no flavor. The fillets are also skin on, which lends to freshness, but not convenience. I went out of my way for this place based on other reviews, but wouldn’t again. 
We went here last night (5th Aug 2018) for a rare opportunity to dine together in the evening. Everything was going very well until the last 20 mins.  
Visited Los Molinos for my birthday after reading such positive reviews and being intrigued every time I walked past.  
We came here first 3 years ago and had an excellent meal and have been back and enjoyed our meals but tonight was v poor. Calamari tough. My meatballs dry. Pasta pretty grim. The lamb was good. Service was perfunctory. Italian opposite was v busy as opposed to this restaurant. Maybe the locals know something I didn't. Will try there next time. 
This restaurant has sadly gone significantly downhill in recent months. I can no longer recommend it.  
We have ordered from Fishers countless times over the past few years and have always had great food; however, we hadn’t visited for a couple of months and our takeaway yesterday was extremely disappointing. We have always enjoyed the the crispy, perfectly cooked chips, but yesterday these were really undercooked, soggy and very pale in colour. This fish was still good, so I hope this was a one off, as the prices are expensive for a Fish and Chip shop.  
We went in for lunch and I ordered a Ploughmans Platter well it was the worst one I have ever had, we only got 4 tiny pieces of bread which wouldn't feed a bird and a small lump of cheese, the rest was just apples and piccalilli. It was a very small mean potion of food and a disgrace for over £10 the service was very poor as well. 
This was my first visit, my colleagues have been before and raved about it. My experience is as follows I ordered a medium rare steak, it arrived well done, I sent it back and ended up with a worse steak, fatty and gristly, but it was cooked medium rare! I left my meal by this time I’d lost my appetite my colleagues agreed that it had “gone down” since they’d been and were all a little disappointed. I hope for the restaurants sake it was just an off night! 
We used to love this restaurant as it was always very good, however on our recent visit the service was terrible, staff rude and food poor. A disappointment!! 
Very disappointing. I was recommended to visit after not going to Bagattis for 20+ years. The food was tasteless, and the bill was just under £50 per head! 
Bar Staff were rude! We went to order food and drinks; they took our drinks order and then proceeded to tell us we couldn't have food until after 6pm. 
My fiances family love this place so we end up going occasionally for family events. I find the whole place over priced, bad food, wierd service and wish they would find a better place to go to. The steak is very mediocre and the beef wellington is soggy, desserts are all naff and old fashioned and service a little rude. Not what its all cracked up to be 
I have been to Bagattis several times with friends and family over the years. However, each time it greatly disappoints and I vow never to go back. Alas, a few years later we give it a try as it looks so inviting.  
I particularly wanted to go here for my birthday on Saturday and had traveled all the way from NC to here to see my folks. I have been here before and it was good, not great but good, so I was looking forward to this evening, my mother booked for 6.30p and the food was actually only mediocre tonight - my Mothers appetiser was not the bruschetta we've had before. I could see the staff were getting ready for a large party and had just brought our desserts. I could see the 'head' waiter circling like a uncoordinated shark . He kept racing to the table and spun around away from it repeatedly and he snapped the bill and money from my Dad with speed I'm surprised he didn't injure himself. Then he came to us and asked if we had been told to vacate the table by 8.15p when we booked as they had a large party and they kinda needed the table, after several vain attempts at him trying to recover himself ' oh I'm not asking you to leave" but by then it was too late. He never even offered to relocate us to another vacant table something that could have saved the day, after all my mother was still eating her dessert. Literally ruined the entire meal and left a bad taste in my mouth - I will not be back. There are plenty of other restaurants in Croydon up and coming worth every bit my business and my and my folks' hard earned cash than this place. So utterly disappointed.  
My family and I decided to try Biggles out for my Mother's birthday having been reccomended it by some family friends. Whilst we were aware it was a bit of a 'throwback' we were still open minded and excited to try somewhere new. 
I can never understand why this place gets rave reviews, although it has improved significantly since the departure of the manager Mario a few years ago. The place is loud, cheap decor, noisy rather than a good bustling vibe. Food is very bog standard and way below the quality and variety of other places a mere few paces away. Even the chains such as Zizzi and Pizza Express close by are better. 
Not been for a while. Beer and bar staff were both excellent as usual but what has happened to the restaurant?  
We work locally and have been here a few times - quiz nights etc . Good beer , friendly staff , foods a bit pricey but ok . 
We have had delicious meals here before but last night's Deliveroo experience was awful. My Maccheroni Al Ferro had an unappetising looking greyish green sauce with grit from the clams. And about 80% of the clam shells were empty. The pizza was ok but given you are paying the restaurant prices for delivery food, you expect the same quality which was lacking here. 
The highlight of my visit was the old fashioned bar area complete with bowls of crisps and peanuts. The atmosphere is steamy, but not in a good way! You feel as if you are in the overheated dining area of a retirement home. On a positive note, the food does arrive together, you get massive helpings too. I had scallops encased in thick bacon to start, unfortunately the scallops had completely dried up and you could not taste them at all. We all had main courses covered in sloppy sauces of various descriptions, accompanied by over cooked veg. Fine if you like sloppy over cooked food, I couldn't summon the appetite for dessert, but my father had something pretending to be cheesecake, I won't be back. 
We were travelling down for a weekend with friends and they had searched for an Italian restaurant as they love good italian food and researched the menu and reviews before we booked. The restaurant was busy, as expected on a Friday evening and we had a short wait for our table which was no problem. We ordered some drinks at the bar and then went to our table. The staff were all friendly but we could see that they seemed to be very harassed and it was obvious to see under-staffed. 
Ordered a pizza online for delivery. Once again (I really should have known better) they completely forgot the extra items i ordered and paid for on the pizza. 
I don’t like my foods but I am really happy with they’re service. Staff are very friendly and helpful.  
if you are going to set up a restaurant selling just pasta at £15 a bowl then you do need to go that extra few miles and make sure you are providing something far far better than people can boil up in their own kitchen. Bagattis is precisely that restaurant with lots of bells and noise attached to it but frankly very little when it comes to substance. Its overrated and ridiculously overpriced for what they sell. Most of the pasta is fresh pasta as opposed to the dry stuff you get at Tesco and of course that improves the taste but when it comes to ingredients and actual content on the plate - you are being totally fleeced. regretfully one of those places that made a name on the wave of 'anything with an Italian flag popped on top sells'! Lots of locals frequent this place and it gets busy on a Sat eve - plenty of attitude from the waiters and very simple and unimpressive starters. It is just a pasta joint and not an affordable one at that. I don't think paying £40 per head for a bowl of pasta, some wine and salad starter is justifiable when there are so many other places to choose from. 
Due to recent manager change this restaurant once a favourite is no longer. The staff are not at all attentive and do not share a smile, often had to re ask for wine / water. The food was average and sporadically random portion sizes. The food also was not as good as normal - greasy & tasteless. The new italian on Heath Road is much better. 
So went here last night with my girlfriend just for a nice meal and to get out for a bit. We heard some really positive comments about this venue from friends who have been there so thought we would give it ago. 
Broccoli and Cauliflower  
Even though the service was heads on, very friendly and accommodating, unfortunately the food was really bad and maybe this is even an understatement..My dish (vegetarian carbonara) was totally blunt and not a penny's worth for eating out in a restaurant and my husband had food poisoning and was up all night. Food did look good though! 
We went expecting great things as the reviews were quite good. We were sorely disappointed. My swordfish was bland and severely overcooked. The server was dismissive and condescending. Never again! 
We went for dinner the other day and decided to try this restaurant. Me personally, being born and raised in Italy, was quite disappointed with the quality of food. 
Was here in June on a business lunch, and the food was really disappointing, The pizza and pasta was below true Itlalian standard sorry 
I am quite surprised by the reviews for Biggles. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't too bad but blimey, it is the most out of date restaurant I have ever been to. The interior is drab, the menu is ancient and the staff were all standing around in a group, hovering near our table wearing dinner jackets and dickie bows! They were very efficient, but outnumbered the customers about 3 to 1! It appears to me that Biggles caters for a more elderly clientele, still stuck in the 80's, when continental waiters sporting moustaches ruled the roost. England has moved on since this, with some of the best eateries in Europe and a palate for delicious, creative food. This place isn't for me, but it does have a place, so I will leave it at that. 
Craving a decent Indian meal we chose to order a take away and have it delivered to our hotel. So far so good, great service and no problem to deliver to the hotel. 
You won't be disappointed with the food but we weren't too pleased with the service. We booked a floor for 31 people, pre ordered meal and yet restaurant wasn't organised and failed to cater efficiently. Tagines arrived but rice and couscous after more than half hour. Orders were forgotten and staff were not even apologetic. For the size of the group, we dint even get some snacks other than two little bowls of olives between 9 people! Wouldn't bother to go here if going with a large party.  
Firstly, good points, good food and size of portions is very filling.  
Went for an impromtu lunch, our waitress was lovely, my seafood spaghetti was gritty as the prawns hasn't been cleaned, but I ate it and was happy to pay for it but I did mention the prawns as I didn't eat any of the only three I got, manager came over and wasn't friendly, he took the cost of the prawns off but we won't go back or recommend  
This is a tiny restaurant serving Indian cuisine....nothing great to talk about its food... quality and preparation below average... service was better.. caring staff... volunteered to change a dish that we did not like... pricing is reasonable...couple of tables outside...the place is crowded in the weekends....allows to carry your own wine/liquor.. 
Went there based on the reviews and boy was I disappointed! It was obvious that my food was not made fresh and tasted like a below average Indian take away. I can make a much better biryani dish! Above that I paid £16 for a lamb biryani and pepsi! They are never seeing me again. So many more options in this great city when it comes to restaurants.  
This is a no nonsense ‘proper’ pub and is all the better for it. 
I always use trip advisor when eating somewhere new - this place was the first time that it went really wrong. 
Stopped for a lunch time bite to eat and drink with 9 colleagues. Not wanting to create a huge food order we split ourselves into small ordering groups. I went first and ordered 2 posh fish finger sandwiches and a couple of club sandwiches. And other group also ordered club sandwiches and the last 3 hot meals “Pad Thai” I think. Looking around the garden we saw another group of say 10 at one large table and the rest of the tables filling with smaller groups. 25 minutes later some of our meals started to come out, but not in the any sort of logical order. Other tables (who all arrived after us) got their meals and we waited and waited, after 35 minutes the club sandwiches arrived then just under 10 minutes later the posh fish fingers. ( I was almost at the point of going in and cancelling them rather than wait any longer).To be frank I think real fish fingers would have had more fish in them, mostly batter I’m afraid. The waitress came over and told us “we’ll we had a big group so the service was affected and going to be slow”, No service recovery was offered, it wouldn’t have hurt them to bring the table some fries while we waited, or even crisps. I couldn’t be bothered to mention the other small groups at other tables who arrived and ordered after us, but got their meals first. Indeed one group arrived ate and left before my meal even arrived. I’m sorry but a big group doesn’t explain or excuse Poor customer service and mediocre meals. Shame really it’s a really nice looking pub and sitting in the garden in the sun was really pleasant but the whole experience could have been better. It’s a nice pub so we might go back for drinks but I’m not sure I get long enough lunches to risk ordering food in the future. 
I have heard the place is extremely classy and posh with top class food. Booked a table for 10 in advance for dinner. They gave us a 5able right by the bar at the end of the restaurant with 2 uneven joined up tables. 
On my recommendation we went here for our fifth wedding anniversary...and what a let down! The food was delicious; it was just a shame that it was ruined by being told that we (a party of two) could not order our food till a party had ordered theirs. In addition to this, we found the waiter terribly unwelcoming and quite rude.  
This was a unique experience. While the food was ok , not stellar - the service was way below standards we expect from a ‘fine dining place’. Moreover the restaurant was very noisy. You could hear the other person talk on a 4 person table. Service was very slow and server was disinterested.  
I was really looking forward to trying Indian Express because of the very good reviews. 
I had high expectations from reading the reviews. 
We booked this as a large party of around 20, when we arrived they had lost our booking despite having email conformation. We had never been made aware of a set menu price so having checked online beforehand with a main costing around £12 we were shocked to find it was £25 pp, I have no idea how they came up with this price as I felt we were eating a lot less than we would have if we had ordered off the menu. The food was ok but there wasn't a lot of variety with only a choice of 2 sharing mains and a few dips for starters . Don't think I will be returning any time soon!  
Clearly a girls night out place to meet up and eat! I needed a gluten free menu was advised anything I wanted could be amended accordingly! But sadly when my main course arrived my pasta was uncooked, So it was sent back. Sadly mine arrived after everyone else had finished!  
Menu looks fab but tagines are quite dry and could do with more sauce. Couscous portion size is ridiculously small, child like even! Service not great 
The British love their curry (forget fish and chips, chicken tikka masala is the real national favourite) so we were very surprised that this restaurant had such a high rating in TA - it has to be one of the most disappointing Indian meals we've ever had. 
I tried this place hoping to have one of the best fish & chips in my life. I had cod and chips. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed. There is nothing in particular that went wrong, but the experience is just like the one you can have in one of the many fast foods or takeaways in London: relatively low or decent quality food, huge portions and low prices 
Arrived at 8.10pm and ordered the special of the day and fish cakes straight away. Food arrived at 9.07pm. The portions were tiny. My special (which was advertised as being served with crispy Kale) was a very small piece of bass with a dusting (teaspoon at best) of Kale. Nothing else. That was it. My mother had two stone sized fish cakes, that was it, nothing else. When I asked whether we could add some chips to our order we were told the kitchen had closed. A slice of bass, two small fish cakes, and two glasses of wine cost us over £40. It tasted great but was just pitifully small. 
Not a good standard if you want nice food. Cheaper than pheasant but food quality is bad. Dog friendly which is great.  
Service is ok. But we sat at the table next to the door. Many people come and go. It was really windy and cold. Food is ok. But definitely not as good as some people claim. It's not a restaurant I will come back. There are many other better restaurants nearby. 
An odd afternoon at the George. The setting promised so much... Sadly the pub was understaffed, and the staff that were present were either very rude, or fairly incompetent. There are better pubs in the area. 
after looking through different search engines, found good quoted restaurant. 
We visited this pub/restaurant to eat and relax before getting a flight from Heathrow the following day. It advertised that if you registered with the pub and ultimately Fullers that you received a 20% discount. This is fine if you can get the registration process to work. There were 4 in our party and we all tried independently to register to no avail. We raised this with the manager who seemed somewhat indifferent. He did eventually offer us 15%, which on one level is fair enough, however they then added 3 drinks to our bill that we did not have and refused to retract them from the bill. The food we had was of a good standard, however the attitude of the staff and the manager left a bitter taste in the mouth. 
A group of us went to The White Hart for a traditional Sunday roast. Everything pretty much went downhill from the moment we ordered. I advised the barman there would be more orders and we'd like the food to come out together. This didn't happen and he blamed us saying that we ordered separately, but he was made aware that we wanted the food to come out together. 
It offers a posher and pricier experience than your local curry house (Its in a hotel) so I booked to come here for my son's 18th.  
It was a a last-minute decision to have Indian that evening as we were staying at the same hotel that houses the restaurant. We are a family of 5 (grown-up kids). They told us over the phone that they don't accept reservations (which they actually do). We walked in and they had some available tables. It took them more than 5 minutes for the reception lady to pay attention to the fact that guests walked in to dine. The service continued to be off that evening with the waitresses not making eye contact, not naking any effort to help us ordering (i simply asked if how spicy were two particular dishes). The food was just above-average (would rate it 7 out of 10) but with the service being below average (2 out of 10), it makes it difficult for us to return... the staff needs to make a bit more effort. 
What’s happened??? Madhus restaurant at Heathrow was my favourite place to go to until yesterday’s visit. Suggested this restaurant to my colleagues but was very disappointed!!! Vegetarian option for set menu cold aloo gobi kadhi dhaal rice with peas naan £33 - dhaal looked like it had been reheated so many times it was tasteless aloo gobi was initially very cold the only tasty thing was kadhi with pakoras (2). I was extremely disappointed with the food - usually food is excellent quality and more choice. We had to ask for a paneer dish but out came saag with 3 bits of paneer!!! The starters were tasteless. Have you changed the chef???? Left feeling cheated ...... 
Having lived in the Middle East for ten years I am used to Arabic food and love it - this was pretty rubbish! 
Decided to have a beer from the local brewery. This was the highlight of the meal! The white 
I stay in this hotel at least once or twice a month. I used to come and eat at this place for diner because I was very pleased by the service. I came back there last week and was surprised to see that some things had changed. Indeed, they used to give all customers a complementary starter before ordering the main dish. That disappeared unfortunately. Plus the waiter asked us three times if we wanted it. It felt like all they wanted was to cash as much as possible. That is when I asked why it wasn't complementary anymore. They simply said it had changed. 
I have to say, after all the great reviews of this place I was very disappointed when I got home with my order to find the chips were just not cooked properly and the cod was quite flavourless. We also had to wait nearly 30 minutes to get our order because people were pushing in and being given their orders ahead of us even though we'd been waiting longer. No apology was made from the staff and then to get home to quite frankly one of the worse fish and chips I've had, was not ideal. What a let down!  
We had Sunday lunch at the George and the pub is lovely and so is the staff. The tables are clean and the location is excellent. However, the food was rather mediocre and the portions very small. The lamb was more mutton and rather tough. The greens were nicely done with garlick. The Greek salad had far too many raw onions in it and the bread pudding was uninspiring with custard that tasted as if it came from a packet. There should have been tapwater on the table and bread and butter served with the meal, we are in Europe after all. I really had high hopes of the George, but will certainly not hurry to go back, nor will I encourage anyone else to eat here....but just have a beer instead! 
Nice staff. Exceedingly so-so food. Extremely extremely (1.5 hours) slow serving time. Disappointed.  
I had dinner twice in this restaurant. Initially they bring a basket with a lot of bread soaked in butter garlic. I tried a grilled fish mix which fish quality was horrible, dry not recommendable and the other dish was the Madeira skewered which meat and sides quality were average. The desert choice is very poor and cakes are not home made. I had a slice of cake that was horribly dry because it was one of the last slices of the cake. Definitely I wouldn’t recommend this restaurant as an option for Portuguese food.  
I had a takeaway. I was hungry. Should have been more circumspect. Had a virus for 3 days! I telephoned the following day and had a really bad response. 
A tuna salad served at lunchtime on 7th. August was simply awful: a plateful of lettuce, shreds of red onion, a few cherry tomatoes cut in half, and some bits of tinned tuna. This was not a dish, it was a complete wast of time and money. 
I have eaten at this restaurant 5+ times previous and completely enjoyed each time. Therefore I booked a celebratory family meal for 7.  
Tried this restaraunt twice and can honestly say I will not go back for a third! Ordered Peppered Fillet Stake Rare and it came out looking like a chargrilled burger! Not happy! 
We went here after reading all the reviews about the place thanks to which, it is now rated #1 Indian restaurant on Trip Advisor. This place has below average food to say the least and if you order a dish once your order comes (as the portions are anything but generous) then be prepared to wait for a very very long time. The food is sweet- which is not how Indian food should be; it lacks flavor and the only creativity comes in the form of sugar which there is plenty of in their dishes. The staff is definitely not polite- if you ask them how dishes are made and if they can be modified- you are told (pretty sternly) that's how the dish is made- we are Indians and have eaten at Indian Restaurants all over the world- we know how the dishes are made. This is definitely a very avoidable place. 
The food was ok but the service was poor. Had to wait nearly 40 just for the starter and another 55 minutes for the mains to come out. The prices are ok but the service is poor. I wouldn't go here for a meal  
We've been ordering takeaway from Indian express for a good while and been really happy with it however we ordered our usual food tonight and they are now using really difficult to open packaging and they are no longer reusable. The portions are also half the size whilst the prices remain the same - we're really happy to pay for good service but we're not prepared to be ripped off - we won't be ordering takeaway from here again.  
Me and my partner went here before we had to go to Heathrow airport, firstly when we walked in they told us they had no meals left! so was like ok., then they said no they meant sunday meals so gave us a different menu which was very pricey but we ordered our food anyway, after waiting near 2 hours for a food, my boyfriend who is a big eater only had a plate with a scoop of mash and two sausages we thought this was a joke !! 
The food menu is varied, lovely and delicious. We had a good mix of chicken and lamb dishes. 
Starters - Bruschetta burnt, garlic bread had tomato topping rather than the mozzarella ordered (correct order subsequently served but was more like an intermediate course by then). 
We have eaten here several times and generally had good food. In fact we have previously posted a positive review. But last night they let us down badly.  
Recently visited the restaurant for dinner, which was good. After having been to Portugal before Christmas where I tried many Brigadeiro cakes as a chocolate lover, my husband ordered us one to share here with our friends and family over Christmas. We also ordered a biscuit cake, an orange tart and a pineapple cake.  
Visited this establishment with friends on a Sunday evening. We had pre booked a table. Some of the party chose to order a Sunday Roast dinner which was an additional menu placed on the table. On ordering we were all told that there were no Sunday Roasts left. So we chose to eat off the main menu, it was suggested by the server to one of my friends that the one of the specials that was a displayed on the blackboard was a good choice. Until we pointed out to the server that it clearly stated "Sold out" by it. To us it made sense if the venue has run out of Sunday roasts remove the menus from the table and erase any of the "Specials" choices from the blackboard if unavailable.  
The Service is the worst thing in this restaurant. First waiters aggressively push for wines. They throw the plates on the table and walk away. Finally when asking for the bill the waitress shamelessly dares to remind you not to forget to leave tips. 
Food are great but the service not so good waiting long for the drinks the staff did not asking if I wanna dessert I have to going my self to get from the bar  
I was really looking forward to a meal hear especially having read the reviews online. The service is faultless however the food tonight had more salt in it than is humanly palatable and the managements ‘favourite dish’ was ruined the after taste and salt ‘burn’ is still with me.... I was given a discount having mentioned this but Guys, if you want to charge what you do, please present edible food  
Had booked online for my parents anniversary meal, mentioned it's a special occasion in the comments box. 
We went for a family meal at lunch time today and we were very disapointed.  
Having visited in February and had a great meal I was very surprised to find a poor quality meal this time. Firstly although other members of my party commented the next day that their meal was not up to standard I will only comment on my meal. 
First time had pork chop - simple, eh- and it came covered in garlic with a warm green salad. Not fun. I thought ok. Portuguese so garlic probably to be expected.  
There was just nothing special about this restaurant to warrant high ratings. The food is okay, but no more and at the prices they charge I would expect the food to be very good. 
We went here based in other reviews and the reputation of the restaurant.  
Lovely front of staff  
Limited pre security dining options at Heathrow T5. Standard airport bistro dining here. This ale & coffee house obviously caters to nearby Iberian passengers which means eggs on everything. Ale house is a misnomer as all draft beers were out due to an air hose leak which, given this is the UK probably has been going on for at least a week. Eastern European staff help bring back the finest traditions British customer service.  
Very slow to serve. This is a place for a quick coffee and goodbye. The bar woman was rude when we enquired why it was taking so long. The flat white was tepid. Not coming back.  
Visited this place on Sunday early afternoon. I was served initially by an Asian guy super polite and respectful. He even cared of coming and say bye before leaving and handing over his section to a blonde girl.  
I have been to this restaurant many times in years past, but was exceedingly disappointing with my food last Thursday, I had grilled baby squid with chilli peppers and lemon to start, rather overcooked and not much taste, and then followed with a main course of lobster, langoustines and prawns cooked with wine and tomatoes, the prawns and langoustines were way overcooked whilst the sauce had little flavour, I pointed this out to the owner, whose merely said, "I will tell the chef". It will take a lot to ever persuade me to go back. 
I went to Cibo for Valentine's night with my wife, and was disappointed.If it had been another night I would have left. There was little to recommend it.The mini pizzas (a pre starter) were doughy and cold, had been smeared with a minuscule amount of tomato paste, which lacked any flavour. We were offered bread, without olive oil. Then the Carciofini came on enormous decorative plates, which hadn't been heated up, leaving the artichokes luke warm.They were fine, but had to be eaten quickly for obvious reasons.Then I had the seafood mix of clams,  
Went to Madhus for my Wife's 60th birthday party, And found all the vegetarian dishes , specifically, methi Gobi to be tasteless.  
We ate here in the evening when staying at the Sofitel and fancied a drink and some pub grub. It's clear we weren't that welcome at the end of the day, as most tables were being set for breakfast, but we were pointed to a table and eventually got menus. The server was running around setting for breakfast and shouted that they were short staffed so just wait.  
Having read some great reviews of this restaurant, my friends and I visited here a few weeks back and being lovers of Thai cuisine we were really looking forward to it. However, we all left feeling a little disappointed as the food did not live up to expectations. Service was mixed and food was rushed out even though we had said to take time between courses, some staff very friendly, others not so, drinks were a bit expensive but most importantly, the food was a bit bland, some dishes were cold & overall they lacked flavour & dare I say freshness & authenticity, Maybe the restaurant has new owners, maybe it was an off night, maybe it was a different or new chef that night but I’m sorry to say that compared to Sukanya which is our normal “go to” place we were not impressed. 
Took my fiance here for a romantic meal as had heard good things about this restaurant. 
I was meeting someone staying near Heathrow for dinner so Madhu's at the Sheraton was recommended to me. I read the reviews on TA and they seemed ok so off I went. The restaurant seemed nice and was busy with hotel guests and people like us who are staying nearby. Our table of 3 was by a glass partition which was fine until you realised that one person would be sitting right opposite the table on the other side of the partition - basically staring at them. It was quite off putting as I would not want people staring at my table. The restaurant either needs to put something on the glass partition to obscure the view or rethink their seating arrangements. Where we were it was also dimly lit so that made reading the menu difficult. So onto the food. The food was ok nothing to shout about. The staff were ok. My biggest issue with this place is there is no takeaway policy. I just don't understand! Their portions are big yet they are happy to throw left over food away rather then let patrons take it home. Upon enquiry I was given 2 different reasons. One - it was hotel policy hence no takeaway; two - we have nothing to do with the hotel. Make your mind up which one is it? In this world where people are starving to death, to throw food away because of a silly policy - shame on you! There are much better Indian restaurants to go to. I would give this one a miss. 
We went for dinner and the cocktail I ordered and the wine my husband order were not available. My husband had the fish and chips - the batter was so overcooked and the mushy peas had a hard crust they were so dry. I had the burger which was OK. 
Not a fan of Turkish cuisine, went there with friends who are very keen on it. Found it very noisy and crowded, rushed and to be honest thought I could smell drains.  
The restaurants menu choice was good and good choices of cakes . But the service was so slow over 25 mins for one open sandwich and a green juice. Also the heating is unbearable. Don’t think I will return.  
Didnt like food at all.Decor was quite dark.Been there in December for Xmas get together of 9 ladies and we were sat for half an hour to be offered 1st drinks.Overall very dissapointing. 
1) the menu says pastries but does not tell you which pastries.  
What a sham, i have been to AL Fassia many times over the years and had many a good evening there, but how it has changed. 
Hugely disappointed with the service last night and the attitude of bar staff. 
So disappointed 
To their credit it was busy, and tacky humour aside they worked hard and were overly attentive. No idea why it’s always so busy. It felt manic. We won’t go back. In the 80’s I went weekly. But it wasn’t like this! The music was horrendous but they did turn it down when asked. Food was very very messily presented overly huge tasteless stodgy portions and soggy microwaved garlic bread. Best part was the drinks. Declined the mass produced pudding and couldn’t wait to go home so we could have a conversation. Sorry. Won’t be back.  
Kervan used to be a great place service and food wise. 
Meal was average and they couldn't get us out of the restaurant quick enough after 12.00 which was disappointing given that we were there to celebrate the new year. The entertainment wasn't as good as last year and we won't be back next year. 
The Emperor's New Clothes" is a short tale by Hans Christian Andersen about two weavers who promise an Emperor a new suit of clothes that is invisible to those unfit for their positions, stupid, or incompetent. When the Emperor parades before his subjects in his new clothes, a child cries out, "But he isn't wearing anything at all!" 
Food not great (but Staff great!) 
After seeing Sam's Riverside featured on many articles for places to go post-lockdown, I decided to come here for a lunch catch-up with a friend. Staff were very welcoming on arrival, all wearing PPE and my temperature was tested before I sat down (non-intrusive and made me feel safe that they were taking these precautions). 
Definitely won’t be going back. All tables booked for dinner. But it’s okay to drink till 5 mins before booked time then off you go or out you go given no tables. Not sure if it is a pub or a restaraunt; it’s also child and buggy friendly. There are too many small rickety tables. It’s cramped, noisy and just far too small to do everything it wants to do in relative comfort. 
I don't often write bad reviews but unfortunately this is going to be one. 
This is local to us and would be our go-to-place and I've decided that after the third attempt I'm not going back unless there's a new chef. Interior is wonderfully cozy and staff are so friendly. If I could divide my ratings I would give them 5 stars. However, being brought up in an Italian home with proper Italian food this restaurants food is disappointing to say the least. It's cheater food with bland bolognese, no white sauce with lasagne, tiramisu is made with spray cream and not marscapone, and all horribly overpriced! How it got #2 is beyond me. 
We went to Sam’s Riverside, looking forward to a nice evening with old friends, who were enthusiastic about the owner’s previous restaurant in Chiswick. 
Now I am unsure what has happened,as my friends & I have been going to this restaurant as regulars mostly for lunch for at least a few years & it has now change for the worse. 
My second visit here. So starters are fine. Decent. Quality. Tasty and just right. The mains... this is where it falls apart.. one of the chicken dishes was cooked on the bone.. ok.. but way too runny. The other butter chicken.. the meat had cartalige pieces. Just don't expect that.  
The food aghhh. Beautiful place and we were so looking forward to going after being regs at Sams in Chiswick. We were beautifully looked after. The G n T was a tad taste overkill but only because the Dutch tonic was a drink in itself. The wine a 41 quid Rioja was good if not sensational but we were very much at the delivery boy end of this menu.  
I think this place is trying to be something it's not. Looking at the restaurant it has a great vibe and atmosphere, looks classy and elegant not like your standard Indian in the area. So I give it marks for that however the food just doesn't live up to standard, I believe it's trying to be too 
We recently visited Sorrento's - Upminster and came away very disappointed. On the plus side, the food was good. The negative experience came solely from the service. We were seated then waited 1/2 an hour without even being asked if we wanted drinks - i had to ask for a wine menu, we were then left again........and again i had to call the waiter over to give our drinks order. After receiving the wine we were then neglected again! and yet again i had to call a waiter over to order our food. In all it was an hour before we placed our food order, by now it was 10pm and we were very hungry. We then waited a fair while between courses. My partner and i are not opposed to waiting, if a restaurant is busy, but we were simply neglected and that's totally different. Two tables either side of us, that arrived after us, were served, they ate desert as we just received a starter. They had wine poured - we had to pour our own etc etc. We paid £35 per head for a 3 course meal (no coffee, drink included) and whilst this is not particularly expensive, in this climate it is not cheap either, overall our meal was £100.... To top it all off, when we paid we did not leave a tip, understandably - i called over the Manager to explain that we hadnt left a tip as we were unhappy about the lack of service, the Manager then seemed to find the following statement a reasonable excuse for this lack of service '' At £35 per head this is alot cheaper than we would normally charge'' I would have received better service at a Wimpy..... So for £35 per head we should expect poor service?? needless to say we wont be returning or recommending Sorrento's - a shame... 
Over booked and under staffed. Ran out of bread, 1.5 hours to get food. Begged for wine, begged to order and told she was trying to time manage and everyone came in at once then rolled her eyes. Passive aggressive manger. Bad vibe. Won’t be going back. 
First of all they didn’t have my reservation but they found us a table in the cold bare barn no atmosphere I know we have to social distance but they could have at least made it more welcoming. We both had fish and chip but I have had better chips I’m sure they were oven chips 
With only 19 people eating in the restaurant I didn't expect such slow service. We waited 45 minutes for starters and it was 2 hours from our arrival time to mains arriving. It was also 15 minutes between the first and the last main course coming to our table (5 people). It was only at the end they admitted a new chef had started and the were not prepared, they took some if the food off the bill to compensate and begged we gave them another go sometime. The Halloumi main course was too small, but the other food when it arrived was varied, some good some Ok. However, the bench seat box was really uncomfortable for a 3 hour evening, and for such a small place there were too many hard surfaces so it was difficult to hear people on your table and I felt like I needed to shout to be heard. The bluetooth connection for the music kept buffering. Nice staff who tried hard with the service and were friendly, but no, I wont be recommending or going back, sorry. 
I went as part of a group of ladies celebrating a birthday. 
Food and menu uninspired and uninspiring. Nothing tasted like it was freshly made in house; tasted like commercial items assembled in kitchen. Service okay; the staff knew to make an effort and did so, but with little flare. The table tops were sticky, and the place didn’t feel clean. All things considered, the food seemed a overpriced. 
I booked a table for 2 for 7 pm and on arrival shown to a table that must be the in the worst location in this establishment. It adjoined the main walkway we felt the floor was moving due to the constant traffic . BEWARE DO NOT BOOK THIS TABLE NUMBER 32. 
Portions were tiny, there was no extra little dishes that you would expect from a restaurant of this standard (except for 1 small warm rice cake to share between 2 people, felt rather mean - but there is no bread, so this was an equivalent - ?). 
I am not sure that I understand all of the fantastic reviews. We visited The Cheam Grumpy Mole on a Sunday. We had Burger and Chips and sausage and mash. Two pub staples that surely it is hard for anyone to get wrong. 
Heard good things about this so popped in for a quick drink. 4 staff behind bar, no other customers and waited 10 mins to get served without any acknowledgement. Felt unfriendly from the start. Sat down to drink and managers kept coming out and arranging chairs loudly around me and asked if i was “only drinking” , really felt like i was in the way yet pub 3/4 empty. Disappointed. 
After reading other reviews was not sure about taking my husband and young daughter for a meal here. 
Decided to try this restaurant as it had been recommended to us. I called Madhus Heathrow to request a booking for 2 people on a Saturday evening, upon calling the receptionist said they had no tables available for our requested time, I then searched on Open Table for restaurants in the Heathrow area and strangely Madhus were showing availability on the exact time/date that we had called previously and asked for, so I then booked successfully online. We got to the restaurant on time and the receptionist said our table was not ready and would be 5 mins..........15 minutes later we are still standing by the door waiting to be seated, she said they were getting our table ready and I could see from where we were standing that the table was nearly ready, when another couple walk in and the 2nd receptionist gave our table to them. We were stunned; this in our opinion was really unprofessional. We then waited for them to set another table up this was in the middle of the dining room and not very comfortable but we had to settle for it as it was nearly gone past 9pm. 
Pizza is terrible, steak was good, service very friendly. Don’t expect a true authentic Italian food experience 
I would like to start by saying that the food here was sublime- I visited on a Wednesday evening with 3 friends, and we each loved our starters and mains. We ate a variety of seafood, pasta and meat dishes - each cooked beautifully. 
Got invited for a treat and had great expectations but felt let down. No taste, flavours, so left with great deal of disappointment. 
Fantastic environment, great ambience and presentation. The owners have clearly put a lot of effort into the style. 
Took a friend here for their birthday. I ordered the cheesy chicken milanese with la ratte potatoes. My friend ordered the fish pie. I found the chicken dish very bland very little taste. It needed something like a garlic tomato sauce to make it exciting. The cheese on top of the chicken set into hard lumps. It was all so greasy. The potatoes were for the most only just cooked and I find it hard to believe they were la ratte potatoes which are supposed to have a nutty flavour which these did not. My friends fish pie initally was very salty on top either due to them putting salt on the top or possibily salted butter on top.At no time either with the main course or dessert or when i paid or when we left did anyone ask 'how our food was'. All in all very disappointing and I have eaten here several time without complaint. 
Recently went for dinner with a friend who had read wonderful reviews and said we must try it out. We had not booked and just turned up. When we got there the place had a few tables filled, but there was plenty of choice on where to sit as it was not full. The place is ever so small with about seven tables in total.  
overpriced, thought we'd give it go, drinks good and nothing wrong with the decor. 
Our first visit. Starting with a positive, the pub itself was lovely, with nice origional features. 
Used this place a few times and had great food but as happens so often complacency seems to have arrived in spades. Last night we waited TWO HOURS for the main course and it was very average when it finally arrived. The staff or the manager didn't seem over bothered when we complained: Never again. 
The garden is alright but quite cramped, the decor is very outdated and the upstairs restaurant is very dirty and looks very messy! I would not recommend this pub when there are many much nicer pubs in Richmond with nicer managers. My family found the strawberry blonde manager to be extremely arrogant... 
We came here for a Sunday evening meal. 
I cant believe other reviewers were in the same place as me - nor can I contemplate what their used to eating if they think this is 4 star or above. Its AVERAGE at best, EXPENSIVE and the staff are dismissive and curt little brats - with their favourites and their in-talk. On the plus side the restaurant is large but there really is NO pub element - and what there is, is crewed by some of the most sneering regulars Ive ever encountered. Popping in on a Sunday with your friends would be the only way to insulate yourself from the cr*p that goes on in this place. 
We went for a family meal for my daughters birthday last night, the decision was made to go here after my partner and I had a nice valentines meal here some months before. 
We stopped in for a bit of lunch it wasn't overly busy , but we still waited a long time for our drinks and our food ,when the food arrived it was cold!! In my opinion this is just shocking service.The food was very poor compared to other Italian restaurants we've eaten in there was nothing authentic about it. There was no atmosphere in the restaurant and throughout most of our meal there wasn't even any back ground music . Overall very disappointing as it looks like a nice little restaurant 
Had Christmas party there and not impressed at all. On arrival we been told that appointment moved half an hour later but no calls was received. Need to wait in tiny corner and waiter forgot about us and our ordered cocktails. 
Small portions and overpriced. Ordered so much food to still be hungry after as their portion sizes are ridiculous.  
The food is not bad but not 'truly' Italian (not even near to what I have tasted in Italy).The staff seems to be a little too 'pushy', constantly trying to make you order more, and this, in my opinion, is not professional at all. Considering a 1-to-5 rating scale, I give it 2. 
I wanted to go to this restaurant, as I've heard that the food is great and the atmosphere is fantastic. Well, I am not sure if I went to the right restaurant. The food was really bad. For the starters I had asparagus, which was over cooked, soggy and tasteless. After that I had lasagna. My dear lord, it was a mush swimming in a pool of gunk. The meat was not cooked in a bolognese sauce and the bechamel wasn't home made.  
Recently been refurbished. The food is OK, but if you can not grill meat / fish and add rice and salad then you should not be in the restaurant business. Our problem was the closeness of tables and noise. Obviously geared for maximum financial income with out a thought to to patrons privacy or comfort. Prices have increased as a result of the refurbishment, expensive for what it is, but If this suits you, then good luck. 
I always seem to be at odds with reviewers and it's the same with the Britannia. On my quest to visit all the pubs in Richmond, the Britannia turned out to be a mixed blessing. The Doombar and garden were excellent. The spicy crab linguine, not spicy, lukewarm bordering on cold, a bit claggy (pasta lovers will know what I mean) and definitely lacking in crab. 
Had lunch there with my husband. The service was ok but some of the staff very unpleasant. Had Thai dish which was ok and my husband a sandwich that was the size of a "canapé". Wouldn't go back. 
We had heard such good reviews about this place locally, so we booked up several weeks in advance for mothers' day. 
On the plus side food was ok. Staff very nice but sooooo noisy. Waiters scream at each other across the restaurant bashing metal trays. Went for my Birthday with family on a Sunday. Thought it would be quieter but it wasn't. There was a large party for a Birthday so guess they loved it and if I had been with a group of friends I may have loved it. Took 50 minutes to get food again probably because it was busy. Food was ok and loads of it.  
Far too expensive potato skins for the starters were horrible the main course of Turkey was tasteless the vegetables were like the rock of Gibraltar overall a complete waste of money i personally would not go there again it would have been cheaper going to the Mayfair hotel in London and as we are all over sixty some of us nearly eighty we don't have to pay for travel and we would have saved money on petrol . 
Went for a meal for 2 to celebrate my girlfriends birthday.  
The premise of this Asian and Scandinavian approach is very appealing, and the care and thoughtfulness that have gone into this place, from lighting to dishes to tables to linens, show in every nook and cranny. Much of the food has elements that have been carefully prepared over days and weeks. It's like a little ecosystem all its own in here, or a colony on a faraway planet, populated by very serious and dedicated Believers. 
We had high hopes, but the experience was utterly disappointing. 
Very disappointed with the food served. Not the authentic food the restaurant normally provides. Nothing was tasty. Will I be going again? Unlikely!!!  
Breakfast - think greasy spoon. Doesn't really do much beyond that; coffee pretty poor. 
If you want a quiet meal with the family this isn't the place to go. The waiters try to be funny and are completely OTT. Tables are crammed in. I was sat on the end of a row of four and forget how many times I got bashed. However the food was good so no complaints on that front. It felt more like a place you would go for your works Christmas meal rather than a nice family together. Certainly won't rush to go back if ever. 
Came here on a sunny Saturday with a few friends. Ordered two single G&Ts, a cider and a prosecco and it came to just over £30. Sort of expected this prices in Richmond but also expect a higher quality of G&T. The bar man went to go and put the drinks in very small tumblers which isn't great and I had to request a taller glass so we could pour the tonic into the drink. This was despite noticing other customers had been served in the gin bowl glasses when we came outside to sit in the garden.  
I got the impression they were trying to get us out of there asap...I hope I'm wrong. Our mains came at lightning speed. Despite lingering for some time (20 mins at least) over a second glass of wine, nobody bothered to ask if we wanted dessert. The food was good but that was weird.  
I was hoping that this restaurant could bring back some of my lovely gastronomic adventures I have had whilst living in Italy but sadly no, lasagna was hot but tasteless, veal was covered in bitter mushrooms, and my kids where polite to finish the desert. We will not be going there again. 
I've been to Kervan Kitchen on many occasions, the food and service is always really good. However, on my most recent visit I had a very poor experience. I booked by phone and was advised I had a table for 1.5 hrs (which is sufficient). 45 minutes into the evening the manager? started rushing us and 10 minutes later he had presented us with the bill and card machine (unsolicited) - we were still enjoying our drinks and the atmosphere (there was live music)!. I politely challenged the manager but he disagreed we were being rushed.............. They were obviously trying to turn tables over quickly inorder to pay for the restaurant refurbishmemt and extension. They are welcome to do that but the problem is they set my expectations and then did not meet them and in the process made me and my family feel unwelcome effectively ruining our evening. In saying that, i'll be going back because the lamb chops are great but I won't be so easily rushed out again. 
Poor service and poor food. Over priced pub food not done very well. Food was over cooked and dregs of wine were in our wine glasses when we were shown to our table 
If a Sunday lunch menu is very short it really should be good - tasty and priced so you feel you were happy to pay for what you got. The Britannia failed on both counts. The "chicken roast", priced at £16, was a small chicken breast with tepid vegetables covered liberally in white oily "gravy". The pasta dish (different from the website and £14) required copious salt and paper before it tasted of anything. Good wine list and friendly staff but not enough to rescue this review. There are much better options in Richmond. We cut our losses and licked our wounds nearby in Danielis delicious ice-cream parlour. 
We've eaten at this venue several times and never been disappointed. Generally everything is top notch, especially the service. However, their roast dinner fell far short of expectations. We ordered the roast beef with all the trimmings based on the menu description, which made it sound quite special. First, the beef: it was like shoe leather. Not sure if this was because of the quality of the produce or the cooking. I could hardly get my knife through it and my partner's was the same. Second, the roast potatoes: poorly prepared - not what I expect of a restaurant of this standing. The service was excellent and the staff brought us a replacement roast dinner. However, it wasn't a great deal better. It was a disappointing visit on this occasion, nevertheless we would still eat at this venue again, as I've had some lovely food there on previous occasions. 
A bit pricey. The place has recently been renovated, unfortunately so have their prices. I use to go because they offered great value for money. The quality of the meat is still good, but they've become cheap with things like bread, dips and salad, only giving just enough for 1 person. Far from what other Turkish restaurants tend to serve. Service was slow as well. 
Confused menu, confused concept, confused staff. When the waiter is pouring our £220 bottle of wine from the wrong end of a decanter (plus wrong vintage and no opportunity to taste) and customers are leaving because they can’t work out the menu whilst the “chef” is racing out the door chasing the Deliveroo driver because they left a dish out of the bag you know it’s a shambles. Please rethink the menu so we can work out where the starters and mains are - that is fairly basic and would be a help. If we are sharing plates provide some individual plates. It’s a shambles. It is also ridiculous to leave us standing in the drizzle whilst you “check” if you have a table when the restaurant is only at most 20% booked. On a positive note the treacle tart is delicious - probably no need for the waitress to tell us the people who came for lunch couldn’t have any as it hadn’t set. This restaurant won’t survive and it isn’t because of covid. It’s because of poor management and a dreadful menu layout.  
Handy but not great. Good place to meet and go on from Heathrow. Food average. Expensive for what it is. Watch your bill, CC was charged twice and restaurant declined to engage.  
A lovely pub that we've frequented for years, but massively disappointed by the poor professionalism displayed during Sunday lunch...  
I loved this restaurant before the refurb, staff, food and service was always amazing and I looked forward to going once every month with work colleagues. I have now been twice since the restaurant was made bigger and both times have been a huge disappointment. We waited at least 20 minutes before a waiter came to take drinks orders and then a further 10 minutes to get the complimentary bread and dips followed by An hour wait for mains. It seems that they still have the same amount of staff even though the restaurant has doubled in size and so, through no fault of the waiters/waitresses as they are still very friendly, the service is appalling. The food is still great so if you don’t mind being left without food or drink for extremely long periods of time then you won’t have a problem. 
Arrrrghhhh 
We were given the wrong bill and the rest of our party of 6 had left before we were issued our correct bill just as we (2 of us) were getting ready to leave. We hadn't realised it was the wrong one and were naturally commented that we didn't have the right amount. We did make up the difference. However, the attitude of the waiter was dismissive, inflexible and rude. The error was the restaurants in the first place. A little civility goes a long way. We have been there many times in the past, but will not be going again. In addition, the restaurant was very cold and some of the group had to keep their coats on throughout. 
We booked for a Friday night and wandered up there, just the two of us. There were three other tables occupied but they wanted us to sit right by the door on a tiny table. Eventually we were allowed to sit further in the restaurant but we wished we hadn’t bothered. The poppadoms came with the smallest little dish of mango chutney I’d ever seen and the chicken 42 starter was greasy. No water was offered, despite there being glasses on the table. The main course of biryani was average and it came with one whole hard boiled egg in the middle. The food was served on cold plates with no central hot plate. Even when we left there were a lot of empty tables so we couldn’t understand the fuss over wanting a larger table. Won’t be going back. 
Very nice staff, Lebanese and authentic atmosphere, very simple and easy going place. All the rest was quite delusional: truly salty chicken, hummus and preparations, fairly dirty place, Lebanese bread quite bad and gummy, missing falafels, quite bad deep fried specialties.... all not coming cheap at all. I am not going to come back 
Wanted to take my sister out as she had come down from Cambridge  
I reviewed this restaurant in 2016 - at that time my favourite place to eat. Had my birthday celebration on Thursday, my first visit since the place was refurbished. I was very disappointed, mainly because of the huge hike in prices as others have mentioned. Food portions were considerably smaller than before and the dish of olives and single chopped up pitta bread for five people was not worth bothering about. I won’t even mention the minuscule pieces of Turkish delight. As previously mentioned in other reviews, staff were very busy and no time for pleasantries. I am so hugely disappointed as the restaurant is just ten minutes’ walk from my home, but I will not go there again - everything I loved about the place has completely disappeared. 
To start, they are very funny about sharing food even though we was young and didn't have too much money because it is quite expensive. 
Fancied a takeaway from this establishment as we had tried it for the first time a few weeks earlier and was quite impressed. The food had been cooked very tenderly and squid was dry, light and crispy. We ordered the same items again on this occasion but what a sorry difference!. The chicken was dry, the squid was shriveled and overcooked and the whole meal tasted as though somebody had spilt the salt pot over it by my mistake and then tried to dab it up with a towel. It was a Sunday and hoping there may have been a logical reason , I phoned up and explained my experience hoping for an explanation. Nothing....just yes and OK. Shame really, perhaps they should close on Sundays! 
Extremely Underwhelming. Great Service and all the food was presented beautifully, it just didn't taste of very much! At this price point I expect about half the courses to give me goose bumps, but the flavours were distinctly lacking. We had the core classics tasting menu. It started with 4 small appertisers which were ok, then the scallop tartare in a sea vegetable consomme which was actually one of the better dishes, just tiny! Then the potato and roe. The texture of the potato wasn't great - overly chewy on the outside and you couldn't really taste the roe. The sauce it was served with was quite nice. Roasted monkfish was ok with an ok sauce. Lamb carrot was pretty terrible. It was supposed to be a deconstructed stew, but a stew is supposed to be packed full of flavour, and this was one of the blandest dishes I've ever had. It was mostly carrot, which didn't taste of the promised lamb stew, with only a tiny amount of lamb. The duck breast had no seasoning so didn't taste of anything and was very chewy. The leg meat was much better, but there was only a tiny amount of that. The Core Apple was by far the best dish of the evening and the only one that hit the standard that I look for in this sort of restaurant. It was full of flavour and a great bland of sweetness and sharpness. The wild strawberry desert was unremittingly sweet, with nothing to really cut through the sweetness. Too much meringue and not enough of the other flavours on the plate. We had 3 individual bottles of wine, all of which were good, but the wine list is very expensive. We did tell the restaurant (in a nice way) that we were disappointed when we were there, but we were still charged the full amount including service. 
Went for a meal with a friend before Christmas. We had to ask staff a couple of times for the menu as well as let them know we were ready to order. Some of the staff were pleasant but another was unfriendly and a little sour. Although we enjoyed the meal we won’t be returning. Again slow service when we requested the bill and noted that other customers had received a complimentary glass of lemoncello at the end of their meal which we sadly did not get a chance to have!  
Visited this establishment for a mid-week treat for my husbands 50th.  
On calling Virundhu I asked to book a table & was put on hold while they checked...A few minutes later I was still holding & eventually hung up. Later they called back & apologised & said they forgot about me being on the phone! Despite this & against my better judgement I was still keen to try the restaurant after seeing some positive reviews. I wish I hadn’t bothered, the menu is limited & overpriced for what they offer. If the food was better quality they could perhaps justify the amount they charge, however the meals we had were bland & a couple of dishes too salty. £30 per head for a starter, main & 2 drinks are more akin to London prices but unfortunately lacked the quality & ambiance to back this up. Virundhu has a Cafe feel about it & should charge accordingly. 
After having read the good reviews on Tripadvisor, our visit was a real let down. I can see the staff trying and hence the reason for giving the 2 stars.  
I have visited this restaurant quite a few times. Recently the service has not been up to standard. I requested a table in the main restaurant rather than the bar area, 
Definitely underwhelmed. Food was good, but overpriced for what it was. Service was friendly but slow. Reasonable selection of drinks. 
The starters we had were nice - the mains nothing special and to be honest I found it very overpriced and think you could be grumpy after being charged 'top' prices for very average food.  
This is the place for you If you like: being packed into a restaurant like sardines; in an atmosphere that is so noisy you can't hear the person speaking next to you; an indifferent but efficient service from staff and very average food. I wouldn't go back if I was paid. Staff are very efficient but don't expect a smile or any kind of conversation to enhance your night out. And the food is very bland. My shish kebabs were dry and the chips tasted like they'd been reheated - hard and tasteless. Portion sizes are average but you're not leaving hungry as you get loads of bread rice and cous cous to fill you up. If you want the person sitting opposite you on a Friday night to hear you you'll need to shout - that's what everyone else is doing. This place is not for me. 
As usual, prior any visit to a restaurant, I check TripAdvisor, and through which and its reviews, take my final decision. 
I’ve eaten at Ciao Bella on a number of occasions over the last few years. Always raved about it and recommended to lots of family and friends as a much better option than the usual pizza chains. On this occasion the service was impersonal at best. The person we were served by had a stinking attitude which improved slightly as I think the look on my face made it obvious that I was less than impressed. Didn’t say anything at the time as didn’t want to cause a scene and won’t bore with the details. The 10% service fee added insult to injury. If the service is good then a tip will be forthcoming so I don’t see the need for this to be obligatory for a group of under 6 people. I’m actually disgusted by this place and will never ever go back nor will I recommend to anybody. It’s always been a great cheap place to treat the kids to good pizza but on this occasion we certainly got what we paid for. 2 stars given as at least the food hasn’t gone downhill. 
The staff were very friendly but unfortunately it took a very long time to get our meals. 
Visited with family for early evening meal. Service was ok if a little rushed, but 2 of the dishes we ordered were served luke warm and returned. The rest of the group had finished their meals before the replacements arrived.The meals were taken off the bill but we would not visit again. 
The kind of place where you look in through the window and think 'Surely not?'... You step gingerly inside... And wish you were at The River Cafe. So we met some friends for dinner here knowing nothing about it and it's ok, but nowhere you'd ever want to visit again. I'm always slightly suspicious of restaurants where you have the waiters pouring your wine... You either end up with too much or too little... The waiters are fine, the food is too fiddly and drizzly and over tweaked but tastes ok, but even with a big party, the atmosphere reminded me of the BA 1st class lounge at Terminal 5. And it's properly expensive... At £120 a head (I had 2 starters / my wife had no starter just a main course) and a bottle of wine, it's just not worth it. Pay that price at The River Cafe and you'd eat two courses each, have better wine and an atmosphere which reminds you why you like to go out for dinner... What you get here is 'It's ok, but can we go somewhere else next time?' Not good enough.  
A group of friends went to The Britannia to try somewhere we hadn't been before. It looked like a nice pub and they had a very nice garden. 
Having been a great fan of this gastropub and rating it the best in the vicinity of Staines, yesterday's lunch was hugely disappointing. Service remains first class but the food seems to have declined since my last visit. There was something "wrong" with each course (apart from the cheese) and as it was something of an informal celebration none of us felt inclined to complain as we should have. I did mention the issues with the chicken caesar salad (tough chicken and insipid, watery dressing) which were taken with grace. A real shame. 
We have been staying at the Sofitel Heathrow for a number of years partly because of its location and partly because of the standard of the hotel and its eateries. This time we were disappointed in the food quality at Vivre. The food was not presented with care, corked wine was offered and it seems as though the chef has just discovered balsamic as everything seem drowned in it. Given the horrendous prices, a long hard look at the standards is needed. 
I have had many fine lunches in Richmond, but this pub was by far the worsdt lunch in town. The pub itself is run of the mill and nothing special, accept for it's lovely, sunny beer garden. It has an average selection of beers and ales, as well an "ok" wine list. 
Went for a birthday celebration and had read all the positive reviews so was looking forward to this.  
I went with a group of friends and we went for the 6 course tasting menu with wine pairing. Food was Ok nothing special. You expect more for the amount they charge. Portions were all inconsistent. They count a spoon of sorbet as a course? Wine pairing was a bit of a joke. We made this clear to the manager and he topped a few of us up. I wasn’t impressed at all and have no desire to go back. We spent £120 each and left feeling hungry.  
I have written a couple of times about how good is this restaurant at Heathrow Airport’s Sofitel Hotel. We have used it regularly in recent years while staying the night before a transatlantic flight. I shall think twice before doing so again. 
Visited this restaurant for a friend’s birthday last week. It was very busy and the staff appeared rushed. No smiles! The food was very mediocre and the restaurant was cold. Certainly won’t be rushing back! 
We came to this restaurant after hearing a lot about it from friends. We were a large family and sat in the restaurant. For starters we had maravali kilangu chips which were too crispy. We had to pour out our own wine. The lady who served us was polite but as she seemed to be the only person in the restaurant the service was very slow. When she gave us our food her fingers touched the tips off the bowl and our food. We came to the restaurant aware of the prices but had expected the food to be different to what would normally be cooked in our own kitchen. Unfortunately it did not live up to our expectations. I would be happy to pay a high price for food if the service and food lived up to the standards. However there were four menus to share between 8 of us, and used cutlery was not even replaced until we asked for more. This is the first restaurant I have been to where I could not have tea with milk instead of the condensed milk. 
Alas yet again a restaurant positioning its self at to top end of price and cuisine and not delivering.  
The food was excellent, the staff fast and attentive. 
Having been to the restaurant many times since Michael Nadra set up, returning after 2 years, I expected the same level of service and quality of food. What a misconception! This is NOT HOW IT USED TO BE! The service was slow, the waiters were rude, didn't care about their jobs and the Maitre D told us we couldn't have an ice bucket for our Pouilly Fume on the table. Understandable if they were attentive, but having had to ask 3 times for our glasses to be refilled, we took the initiative to keep the wine on the table instead of waiting 10-15 minutes with empty glasses on the table. The crunch came when we had finished our main courses and we sat for 20 minutes with empty plates in front of us. As did our neighbours, who were far too polite to ask for their plates to be removed. For the 4th time that evening, and it was getting embarrassing having to try to catch a waiter's eye yet again, we had to ask someone to clear our plates. When the plates went, we waited 10 minutes before we had to ask for the dessert menu. At no stage did anyone take it upon themselves to try and be attentive and actually offer a service.  
We thought we would try this restaurant for a family member's birthday as I love Mediterranean food. Unfortunately we were not impressed - it feels like tables are too close together. It started well and I have to say the mixed meze was excellent. However, main courses were a let down. The kebabs were ok; nothing special. Not liking kebabs myself I had a vegetarian dish and it was bland - to be honest nothing on the menu inspired me. We chose not to have desert. The bill was reasonable but I would not return . It must be said they do a good value lunchtime deal. 
A nice welcome from the hostess and sat in an interesting restaurant with a cozy Lebanese feel and traditional music. 
So disappointed after the refurb i was so looking fwrd to comeback to one of my favourite restaurants in Chiswick, the only good things were the food that was good & the lady welcoming us was lovely but everything else was very disappointing. Where are the familiar faces who know how to look after regular clients & know how to serve. We arrive the table was free just needed to be set & 10 minutes later we were still standing waiting for the table. The service was very poor someone serving bread that cant serve bread a total mess,my dessert was wrong & i had to ask them to remove my partners dessert from the table because we wanted to gave our dessert together or were they going to leave the dessert there for 20 minutes while the prepared what i asked for. The reason i didnt give one was because the food was good. I hope the familiar faces comeback or the future of Michael Nadra in Chiswick.... if the amazing team you had before dont come back we will no comeback. Even the table next to us also regulars said they wont go back & the gentleman asked 4 times for a glass of wine.  
Great venue has good potential. Took ages to get served at the bar even though not that busy. Were given menu's left and then when we got someone over to order were told the kitchen was closed at 9.30pm. Also overheard one of the staff saying they were trying to close the bar early. With this can't be bothered attitude they will go bust. 
Visited this pub restaurant, for an early dinner.  
It's basically a take-away kebab shop which has expanded out the back and thrown some seats in to make themselves a restaurant. The seats are really tight, to the point that I could have reached over and helped myself to the next tables food. Given that the food is your basic kebab stuff served on a plate, it's pretty slow and not cheap. To top everything off, because it's still a take-away as well you start to get all the drunk idiots coming in to order a kebab after 9-ish as well. When we were there the Police had to be called as there was some scuffle going on outside. Nothing special with lots of negatives, just avoid. 
The location is great in Primrose Hill. Michael Nadra himself was serving behind the bar and was great. But there was a sour faced waitress who was so cold and harsh that she seemed to be straight from Faulty Towers. This is not a cheap place and I went for an evening and don't think it's unreasonable to expect lovely service. 
Don’t bother ordering a chicken dish on the bone, you get so little chicken that it’s surely against the trades description act, and nearly every mouthful of broth had a splinter bone in, that I had to keep picking out my mouth. Slow service and when the food did come it was lukewarm. Quite expensive for what it was, 2 popadums cut in half £3, a pint of cobra £6, and £9 for a broth with virtually no meat. In short 3 out of 4 of us did not enjoy the food, don’t get a dish on the bone, but I will say the devils mutton looked good and plentiful. The staff were very pleasant and polite. 
Food was enjoyable, took a long time to be served and waiter made us feel most unwelcome. Someone less tough than me would’ve been upset to be told wanting a garlic bread alongside their starter is ‘too much’. If you’re trying to inform your customers that your servings are on the large side perhaps explain more respectfully. Or even consider reducing the portions to reasonable sizes and make your profit that way rather than forcing a 10% service charge on customers who wouldn’t otherwise have chosen to tip- on account of your poor attitude. 
As one of my favourite Italians is also called Ciao Bella in Holborn London,I took my wife and 4 of our grandkids to Romford for ten pin bowling and also some lunch. Seeing the name ,I thought let’s try this place for a quick meal. I have no real problem with the food we had,but the level of service was atrocious. 3 waiting staff (one of whom was totally new,untrained and totally unfamiliar with the items on the menu). The management should not be allowed to let untrained staff loose on customers and then berate them for not coping properly. The poor girl was eventually reduced to tears and I think she left early. 
Went for Sunday lunch with family for a birthday celebration. It was reasonably busy, but the service was exceptionally slow with no communication from the staff to let us know there would be a wait. The food was below average for the price you pay. One of the party had roast pork which had 2 small pieces of meat and roast potatoes that tasted as though they had been re heated many times. The service was on the borderline of being rude. The food runners were obviously not trained in basic service either, we tried to ask for something and they walked away.  
Arrived with parents and family for a light lunch. Felt like we were being barred at the door by two unhelpful and unwelcoming staff. Told that this was a gastro pub, no effort to find a table. Also rudely advised that the sandwich menu was not available on a Bank Holiday, although we had checked the website beforehand. Went to The Perceverance pub in the village and had a lovely meal. 
Had taken take outs few times, the food was ok . Due to the reviews wanted to have a sit down meal. Managed to get a reservation.  
Sadly our meal was spoilt by chicken liver pate that was over warm and decidedly runny. Coupled with an extraordinarily dirty carafe of tap water and a 40 minute wait for further drinks to arrive, we were very disappointed. 5 star hotel...2 star service.  
We have visited this restaurant last week and disappointed with the quality of the food and felt food were over priced for the taste!  
I had heard very good things about The George and was expecting a superior pub eating experience! However the reality this Mothers Day was a long waiting time, a muddled drinks order, badly kept real ale and below average food. All this for a above average price! I will not be going back. 
First of all this review i only would like to reflex what i have seen with my personal opinion as i strongly believe in Accor with high end Sofitel brand i had stayed in many Sofitel from So Sofitel in Bangkok,Sofitel retreat in Hua-Hin and also in London St James i have to say this is a lowest services standard for F and B among Accor hotel i have stayed. We checked in for 1 night at LHR Sofitel Luxury my self and my brother went down to Buffet on ground floor which is I can't remember a name of restaurant we walked for buffet which is no single staff greeting me first word is how many? Once we do buffet i was shocked how unprofessional this restaurant offers food display is no Sofitel style, potato soup is tasteless , we have ask for mustard which is should be companion with pork loin it takes 15 min and..... as photo below how my mustard look like...basic courses of food and beverage service for mustard serving is by bottle (please take note)  
Midweek local dinner with friends spoiled by the less than warm and hospitable service. Nothing had transpired between us and the head waiter (the only one), so his terse attitude was odd. Nevertheless, it took the shine off an otherwise good night. The man needs a trip to charm school.. 
Yes, the menu prices are too high for the average dishes being offered regardless of the Sofitel brand this restaurant sits inside. But should a caesar salad and undercooked single-person pizza take 45 minutes to an hour to serve? No. What's worse is that we watched nearby guests ordering, being served, leaving, and more people newly seated all while we waited without sufficient explanation from the poorly trained wait staff. The French manager (not French food) reluctantly listened to our complaint and offered any satisfaction. Never again. Instead, you should take the short walk to Terminal 5 and eat a good meal at Carluccio's. 
Decor was beautiful, although the table and seats were for 'small' people, so slightly cramped. Waitress was amazing and helpful although not very knowledgeable with regards to the menu. We went for lunch and both had starters and a main each. I had the scallops (3 small ones, no roe) which were overcooked and for £9.50, expensive. Hubby had the chicken tikka kebabs. Again, small and overcooked! Basically three cocktail sticks with dried chicken attached. I enquired about the hake main as the punctuation (or lack of) confused me. Apparently the chef advised the waitress to tell me "If you like hake, this is for you". Really? It was a dried up slither of fish jolloped on a mound of extremely firm gnocchi. Hubby's was the steak and guiness pie, which was very nice but the salad was, well, out of a bag and spikey. We passed on the puddings as we were having a big dinner.  
Made to feel they wanted me out! 
We have been to Virundhu twice now. The first time we went, we were served by a friendly waitress on a Friday night. The food was too spicy, however, we thought we'd give it a second chance for my in-laws anniversary. 
I really want this restaurant to do well. It is in my neighbourhood and there are very few great restaurants around. But it fails.  
We chose this as it had been put in the Waitrose Food and Drink brochure as a good place to eat. 
Went for Sunday lunch. Ordering was slow, and food took over an hour to arrive. Food was OK but desserts were expensive (£5.95). The Barons Barn was in need of serious maintenance and the porch was subsiding, but the public were still allowed in. Not acceptable. Overall, a poor experience and won't be going there again. You have been warned! 
This is the second time we have eaten at the George, taking family for Sunday lunch to celebrate a birthday. Service was a little slow perhaps because it was so busy. We ate in the main restaurant and it was very noisy with little space for people to pass. Consequently my 86 year old father-in-law was asked to move frequently. 
Am always excited to see new exciting restaurants in the area. Especially this one! We booked to for a week night to try what I was expecting to be exciting cuisine. When we arrived we were seated and given a menu. I had looked online and was already for a feast. Alas, the traditional foods I wanted like hoopers and stringhoppers were not available. I was told they are only offered between 3-4pm on Sunday. We ended up ordering some starters and curries but, to be honest it was not amazing. Such a let down. The key foods and experiences this restaurant could offer and show the area were not on offer. Despite being on the menu they did not say there was a specific time they were offered in the restaurant. Such a shame. Overall, the service was polite....the food was average and I left feeling quite let down. They could have done something really great here. Unfortunately, it is nothing special and no real difference from any other similar curry options in the area.  
I went with my friends the other day to celebrate something and we ordered champagne. The waitress that attended us didn’t know how to open it so the cork hit my friend. Above that we had to pay £10 for service, but the food was really nice.  
Booked here for afternoon tea for two and was sadly disappointed. When it arrived there were 8 finger sandwiches (not asked if we wanted any specific choice of filling either), two 'miniature' chocolate muffins, two 'miniature' lemon meringue cakes (normally for afternoon tea there is more selection of cakes) and four scones. We were given a very small pot of clotted cream and jam which somehow had to fill all the scones! At £15.95 per head this was not good value for money in my opinion! 
Booked here after carol service at Royal Albert Hall. Service was slow and the Rosti was dry and burned. The starters were so small you couldn't tell if you had eaten it. Complained and four of us were given two portions of chips to share 4 ways and the fifth asked for mash.  
I revisited this restaurant having not been for probably 2 or 3 years - formerly if was culinarily excellent, good staff service, with the only real drawbacks being it rather lacked atmosphere, being so quiet, as well as the high prices. Now, the prices are still high, but the standard of food & services have quite literally gone to the dogs: poorly presented dishes; there was a frankly tasteless sauce added to my scallops main course; had to eventually go up to pay the bill as it wouldn't come to the table! 
The last time that I visited this restaurant, I felt that it had deteriorated, but this evening my partner and I decided to give it another chance to prove its worth; sadly, it has become a restaurant that I have no intention of visiting again. 
Visited this restaurant end last month heard it was good. Upon entering I was instantly drawn to the fact that the tables were so packed together there was barely enough room to get to the bottom of the restaurant where the ladies/men's toilets were without knocking the diners eating their food and then having to negotiate the waiting staff coming down the isle. My first impressions were omg I wasn't impressed that men were using the ladies toilet which by the way was disgusting not knowing whether I was standing in water or urine. I assumed it was urine as I saw men coming out of the ladies, discusting. Ordered the food, it was very busy as it was a Saturday night, I personally thought the food was okay not worth the price. In the chicken dishes there was hardly any meat and the food was swimming in oil. The desserts were overpriced I really wasn't impressed and sadly won't be going there again there is a kebab shop near I shall be using that better value for money. I would save your money and get a takeaway. My daughter was up most of the night in the toilet. Horrible experience. 
I think most people would agree that London has to be the best place in the world to get a curry anywhere other than on the sub continent itself. Hence when the Maitre on seating said they were famed for their curry this set me up for a great experience. 
Pretty boring. The burger is so basic, hard to believe that you are in a Sofitel. Total lack of sophistication. Heinz mayonnaise and ketchup. The wine list is not too bad though with some good Rioja on the list. Some good desserts but where are the fruits? 
Heard good things about this restaurant. Alas, the food was mighty, spicily hot - despite our request for it to be as mild as possible. We were told that Sr Lankan dishes were always hot. A great pity as the food looked good. We won't be going again. 
The site has seen a number of reincarnations over the years and has been positively redeveloped yet again with the opening of Core a couple of years ago. In spite of living in London, this was our first time here and unfortunately it will be the last. Whilst the food is very pretty to look at, with peculiar novelty value, (ingredients transformed into “fruit”, which might please a child or someone new to Michelin star cooking), the various courses were over elaborate and missing real “guts”. The idea of using wonderful seasonal British ingredients is always a good one, although nothing new, but when they are reduced in most cases to something almost unrecognisable, why bother? There is no doubting Clare Smyth’s skill as a chef. However she needs to learn a few lessons from her former boss, Gordon Ramsey, or perhaps even that wonderful, now-retired chef, Pierre Koffmann, whose three Michelin starred food was the stuff of dreams. Food should not be translated to a mere work of art on a plate. Food is to eat and enjoy with sensual relish and delight. Hence the long-standing success of restaurants like the River Cafe or La Trompette. In France, earning two Michelin stars does not result in food becoming an abstraction and I wish this weren’t the case here. Clare Smyth’s food has curiosity value, but it is not the food of dreams. 
I've stayed in the Sofitel 3 times in the last two years and I'm confused how this restaurant can be rated so high. The hotel is fine and so is the restaurant. Please note, Vivre is fine. The restaurant charged $90 (after conversion from lbs to dollars) for a subpar meal. The breakfast is very good but again expensive. When travelling on business everything is expensed but if my co pay wasn't paying for it, I would choose many hotels over the Sofitel. The Three Magpies Pub is a short trek by bus (free transit) and serves much better food for a 1/10th of the price. I don't ind paying tip dollar for exceptional food or service but the Sofitel and Vivre Restaurant are neither. Both the hotel and restaurant have one saving grace; they are near the departure gates. 
To be honest, the food here was nice, if overpriced, but perhaps that is to be expected at the location.  
The staff were pleasant and we were served quickly the surroundings are nice but the food is a let down. From the menu I selected The “GRUMPY MOLE” PIE £14.95 
Visited with friends after recommendation but all of us were very disappointed with taste of the food. After seeing menu our first impression was wow but after tasting food (squids and prawn as starter, fish pie, steak, Sea bas as main) we could not find words to express our disappointment. For what it is - it is expensive and you are better going to any local restaurant down the road. 
By coincidence I noticed a very glowing review for the same evening we ate at this restaurant. We also went to celebrate a birthday. Our table was reserved for 8pm and by 8.50pm had finished both starters and main courses. We never felt rushed or hassled, we were merely force fed! 
When you see the homepage and read the recommendation, you expect a good meal when you visit Michael Nadra. The evening with the Six Course Tasting was a bid disappointing, the service was not in full control of where we was in the menu, forgot to give us wine, plus the menu itself was of variable quality. 
My wife, son and I stayed at the Sofitel during an overnight layover between Venice and Washington DC. For dinner the staff at the check-in recommended for us to have dinner at the Vivre.  
This is more of a cafe than a restaurant. Whilst the service is OK and the food can be good value and eatable, there are more minus than plus features. Tables are 3 inches apart, and at the wrong time of the day you could be sharing your space with a childrens birthday party (for the burgers), or some of Romford's finest, who are most certainly not TOWIE material.  
The hotel Web site misleads one to think in terms of different cuisine food stations from which you choose combinations you want. Not so - instead the menu offers choices which, if you are honest, you know will be disappointing. And so it was with a dreadful bang - bang chicken dish that featured deep fried batter with little sign that the kitchen had any idea what this dish ought to resemble. 
We had a poor experience last week end eating in this restaurant someone had recommended . 
Me and my partner were hungry so decided to pop in for a lunchtime snack. We were placed in the middle of the restaurant basically in the middle of the walkway they had just plonked a table to make their guests feel comfortable whilst eating. Even though we were sat in the middle of the room and waiters had to walk past us to get to the other tables they walked past us for half an hour. Not even a drink order was taken. My partner had to ask for our order to be taken. We ordered two coffees and an afternoon tea for two. That came after another ten minutes of waiting. There was four finger sandwiches which were tiny bearing in mind we had ordered for two. All of them either red meat or seafood. Where is the white meat or vegetarian option? My partner had to eat the sandwiches because I couldn't stomach any of the options. Then the cakes where a cube of three different types. Nice cakes but not enough at all. Especially when for the half an hour we were kept waiting a mother and daughter had the exact same thing and their cakes were ALOT bigger in size. Be a big more consistent with your food portions maybe? We then got 10% off our bill because of our wait. Sorry but half an hour for two coffees and an afternoon tea is NOT acceptable. We were treated invisible. Will never recommend or visit again. 
Me and my husband went here for New Year’s Eve Dinner and we had been looking forward to coming here a long time. On the menu this evening was a 6 course tasting meal for £70 per person. The different courses sounded very nice when we read the menu. But I am really disappointed with the execution and the service during the evening. When paying this amount of money for a meal, I expect it to be of high quality. 
£3 for half a small avocado for my baby? Are you serious? HUGE SHAME! So much else about the pace is lovely, but this is just a joke, what a rip off! 
...so we dined here on a fairly quiet Sunday evening prior to my friend flying off to Dubai. This was definitely a very disappointing and very overpriced experience. 
When you come out of a restaurant at £65 per head and you have not enjoyed it you have missed an opportunity as time and money are precious; This is what happened to us at Michael Nadra. The restaurant decor is ok, the food is good but the experience is really stressful. Since you come to the restaurant you are rushed through the meal and the only attention you get is when they want to top you up with wine when is not needed. The temperature of the restaurant was an issue having either the air conditioning full on or the door open with a very unpleasant feeling and the music is way too loud. The food is good as expected at £65 per head including wine. A pity we ended up here instead of in one of the really great ones nearby. 
We were there for a birthday. The food was ok, well presented, but small portions. Staff were efficient. Over all, I think it was over priced and I wouldn’t choose to go there again.  
Until last week, I had always enjoyed eating at this restaurant which I had always considered to be a haven of peace close to noise and bustle of Chiswick High Road; however, I have now formed a different opinion. We were a party of four and looking forward to some convivial conversation. Initially the piped music was too loud and at our request the volume was lowered, but the peaceful atmosphere was shattered when a very large group of young women and girls came into the restaurant, shrieking and screaming for the remainder of our time there. We could not hear ourselves speak, and an otherwise excellent meal was completely ruined. In future I shall enquire about group bookings having been made at the time of making a reservation. 
Went for wife's birthday  
Went in for bithday meal. The waitresses took half the table order and then the other half and we ate separately mains turn up with pudding. As we left all the staff loudly mentioned we had not left a tip. Funny as I thought a tip was a thank you for good service?!  
Very disappointed, a quiet Friday night in January, staff seemed a bit disinterested. 
Not very attentive staff considering how many there were. Very over priced. Undercooked sausage.  
Been here a few times for family Sunday lunch. Last visit was disappointing. My "slow roasted" pork belly had clearly been rushed and the bits that should have been soft were dry and hard, and the bits that should have been crisp were soft and slimy. 
Had to send main back , was given a new dish but all four of us were disappointed which is a real shame 
Had high hopes for this place after reading the reviews....left feeling so disappointed and ripped off. 
Let's start with the only good point - the food was fairly tasty. 
Came for a family meal with my partner and in-laws. Staff were friendly, however the place feels quite cramped as they have tried to have as many tables as possible. Unfortunately the food wasn’t great, Crab wasn’t very tasty and lobster was tough. For a restaurant that specialises in seafood I wouldn’t expect that. May have been an off night for the chef. 
View and service was lovely but pate was shop bought ( they admitted it) and was only given 3 very small bits of toast with it and when I asked for more I was given one more slice and charged £1.50 more. Also side salad tiny and very average.  
I booked well in advance and had heard many good things about this place, they called to ask if I could come in 15 minutes later due to over booking; when I attend we were given the worse seat in the house (by the door)... this was a disappointing start to the evening, they have tried to fit far too many tables in a small space and adding the over crowded decor made you feel squished.  
Really wanted to try this much talked about restaurant so popped in on Monday night for supper. Lovely, friendly staff greeted us in a nicely decorated restaurant. Menu was well presented and wine delicious and well priced.  
Went here for my husbands birthday as we really wanted a seafood place and saw some good reviews. However to be honest we were left disappointed. I had the coquille st jacques to start while my husband had the scallops wrapped in Parma ham. Both starters were nice and we felt very hopeful that the mains would be the same. However both my monk fish and my husbands zerula were massively over cooked. The zerula sauce was so incredibly hot it felt as though both dishes had been microwaved. The zerula stew had several pieces of shellfish that you could barely touch because it was so incredibly hot. I suspect that there may have been a mistake in the kitchen meaning our mains were made too early but rather than remaking them they just microwaved them. It’s a shame because otherwise the food and service wasn’t bad but over cooked fish in a seafood restaurant is just unforgivable  
Pop in for Breakfast to be greeted by screaming kids that seemed to be related to the Landlord, Breakfast was OK put took far to long to be served. 
I have been to Cappadocia in Walton a few times before today’s visit.  
We went to 1955 for brunch following a recommendation and I was surprised at how disappointing it was. I really struggled with the staff here, which was actually at odds with the food, which was really nice! My gripes were; 
I have been to 1955 many times as it is next to my office. When they opened this place it was great and innovative. But recently food quality went down the hill. Last time I ordered a salmon salad - loads of oil and hardly any salmon. Time before last - full breakfast - bacon was obviously pre-cooked and hard as a stone, sausages - unpalatable, beans - stale. Come on PaulBoss and the team -get your act together, your clients don't mind paying little extra as long as food is good! 
I love seafood yet I find I am so often disappointed by restaurants ‘specialising in seafood’. I had the zarzuela. Why use Greenland frozen mussels? Why use frozen small (seafood stall) shell on prawns? Dozens of them. And probably frozen overcooked tough inedible piece of cod? At £18,.00 they should be using quality raw seafood simmered gently. It’s a shame because I liked the quirky place. I won’t go back thou. Please don’t think your customer doesnt know the difference between good quality and frozen mush. We are a little more discerning than you give us credit for. Thank you 
We had booked our planned evening out about 2 months prior. Only to be seated right on the door. For starters I had the calamari. Disappointed as over cooked and tasted frozen. 3 lobsters where also ordered for main course. These where over cooked and rubbery. My daughter's Monkfish was cooked very well though. Waiter was very friendly and polite. Won't be returning here as I feel that a fish restaurant should be able to get this right. A waste of time and expence. 
This is a novelty place set in a station waiting room next to a take away kebab. So you catch a train to the station dine and return homewards. 
unpleasant bartender, annoyed by the fact we had not made a reservation, the whole interaction made me want to leave. decided to stay and i guess we paid for the view because the food was average and the portions tiny. never again  
We have been to The Green Man several times and have always been pleased with the food we have had, but today not so! 4 of us ate there today. My daughter and myself had roast beef. The beef was ok but the vegetables were cold not just warm the parsnip especially was stone cold. We both sent our meals back and after about 10 minutes the same meals were brought back out! They had obviously just been put under the grill as the edges of the potatoes carrots and parsnip were burnt. We couldn’t be bothered to send them back again as we weren’t sure what they would do next with our meals! 
This pub is in a lovely place and for anyone walking is dog friendly. Have used before for drinks, so we decided to try the food due to good reviews. Maybe we got an off day, but our food was very poor, and on the expensive side for pub grub. 
Its very hard to believe that this chef was a master chef finalist, as the food is at best average. Its also very hard to get into the restaurant, as there is no signage to indicate that you have to come in through the shop entrance. 
It’s taken me a while to review this place but I felt I had to so that other people like myself who have heard great things about Skewd can be aware of a few things before they go, and then, hopefully, unlike me they won’t feel so disappointed. 
Not that the management will care as this is, somewhat surprisingly, a very popular restaurant but we won't be visiting again. The food is fine but pretty standard fare, quite tasty and not unreasonably priced but the noise is unbearable. The music, more often than not with a deep base beat, is played very loud so everyone has to talk in raised voices in order to have a conversation with others at their table. I gave up trying to join the conversation at my table...and there's nothing wrong with my hearing. Also, customers are packed in with tables ridiculously close together so it's a squeeze just to get seated. When we asked if the music could be turned down just a little we were told that the owner was "young and likes to create an atmosphere"! That's fine, all I can say is that it was a relief to leave and we won't ever return. 
I visited the pub with my friends as if was participating in the government 50% off scheme. The food was nice however the service was poor. There was only 4 of us and 3 of us ordered the same mains, however between the first person receiving their main and the last person receiving theirs we waited over 45 minutes, therefore meaning we had to eat all at separate times or our food would go cold. Furthermore, 2 of the meals came with food missing after waiting almost an hour for it to arrive. Additional issues included ordering drinks and them never arriving. I understand that it is a difficult time, and I am usually lenient and understanding with customer service issues as I have worked in the hospitality sector myself, however the pub was not busy, and there appeared to be plenty of staff, thus I cannot excuse the poor service we received. It is unlikely we will be returning anytime soon. 
Three of us visited this restaurant a few weeks ago. 
We were taken in as a last minute booking, table given next to the toilet where the draft was unbearable and very cold, no heating seemed to be on. Food was not what expected at all. 
Overnight stay at LHR so the Sofitel is an obvious hotel choice if flying BA. Unfortunately one is a hostage to the hotel 's dining options. 
Visited last Saturday and clearly a busy time, although you’d expect “new management” as advertised from flyer would have geared up to showcase their management skills. 
We visited one evening on the hottest day so far! Unfortunately because of this we struggled with the temperature in the restaurant which then detracted from the food because we just wanted to get out! There was simply no ventilation or air, none of the windows had been opened (and they were street facing!!) and of course the door was kept shut! No fans were offered! It was plain to see that the staff and other guests all struggled with the sweltering conditions - it felt like we were eating in a sauna!!! A shame really given it was my husbands birthday meal! Perhaps we’ll try again in the darkest depths of winter! 
Having previously visited the Green Man we were looking forward to a nice lunch after travelling to Denham to meet up with friends. We should have taken the hint when the server brought out the menus as we had an opening tipple outside the pub on a nice sunny morning. 
Very, very cramped with too many tables for the large number of customers when we visited on a Saturday night. It might be OK if you choose to go on another evening but we will not bother. 
I've been going regularly to Cappadocia in Walton since it opened 4-5 years ago and have always been delighted with the food and friendly service. I am sorry to say that for the last year or so, the standards of the restaurant have noticeably gone down under new management. The food is at best below average; certainly not what you would expect from an expensive restaurant. Kebabs are greasy with hardly any flavor, tasteless garnishes and sides, lahmacun (Turkish pizza?) topping full of tomato rather than meat and overall a rather underwhelming experience. Those who have no idea what authentic Turkish food tastes like or those who haven't been to this restaurant before might still enjoy the food. However, I will sadly not be going back, because the food served here no longer justifies the prices they charge. It's a shame because I loved having a good Turkish restaurant close to home and now I have to travel to Kingston or London again to get a decent Lahmacun! 
Attended as a result of an impromptu visit. Table was available near the front of the pub which had a few tables reserved and a few others free. The bar was busy and the garden area busier owing to a band about to start for an event. We commented as we sat down that those other people seated were sat looking around. Almost gave the impression they were waiting for something?  
Taking my life into my hands writing this as most people I know think the food in here is the best in the world . The pub is lovely but on my last three visits my food has just been a bit tasteless . Had something of the specials board last night (pork medallions in herb crust served in a tomato sauce with beans and a bit of broccoli) . The tomato sauce made the herb crust soggy, none of it had been seasoned. I had to keep putting salt and pepper on it to give it any sort of flavour. My other half had chicken in a gravy that wasn't great. My mates mrs had a piece of steak at £24 that was no bigger than half a bar of imperial leather. A few months ago we popped in for fish and chips . Fish had a ratio of 80 percent batter to fish. It was too dry and had little flavour . Had a roast on a Sunday there in the spring which also was disappointing. When this place first got taken over years ago it was great. I real transformation and the food was a bit pricey compared to other local pubs but was always worth it . I can help but think now it's established and they have their feet under the table the same amount of effort isn't being put in . If your prepared to travel further you'll get a lot better for a lot less . Maybe I'm just unlucky as I regularly hear people say the food is to die for and it's amazing ect but it's has failed my 3 strikes and your out rule. Hopefully more people will be honest about it and they will have to get back to the standard they were years ago! 
Distinctly underwhelming... forgot my husbands drink in the first round, got the order for one starter wrong, also got the order for one main wrong which meant 7 of us had all but finished before our friend could start his. Oysters not loosened in their shells- kind of basic for a seafood restaurant?? Ran out of Bombay gin... really? The Saturday before Christmas?  
used dennys lots of times always good .went for family birthdays dident have the wine we wanted i had doversole over cooked and dry chloe went for lobster thermidor it was just not good atall.service good.wont be going back.i cant see recent reviews this tells me some thing. 
2 stars for the interior, and overall cleanliness of bathrooms etc. 
I'd read the great reviews on here and despite the comments about the outdated decor I thought given this is a specialist fish restaurant the fish would at least be good. It wasn't. I ordered the Dover Sole on the bone, which was the most expensive main course on the menu, and it was poorly cooked, it was slimy and there was barely enough fish to make a fish finger. There was no way this portion could have been filleted as there was hardly any fish on the bone! I ordered Sea Bass for my Mum and asked for no oil but it came swimming in oil. I've had much better fish in many other normal, none seafood restaurants / pubs! Over priced and not worth it.  
We were 6 persons together, two of us had fish and chips, the four others had two different vegetarian dishes. The fish and chips was OK. The beans/barley risotto was tasteless and the beans were not enough cooked. The other vegetarian dish was very hot, as we were told, but it was only hot, and not tasty at all. So we were disappointed about the vegetarian food. The location was quite nice, and also the service. 
We've been to the pub a few occasions and loved our experience however the most recent visit was a let down.  
The Greek Salard was not nice I think they had got the ingredients out of a tin the service was slow  
So, what’s happened at our local??  
Slow and poor service, variable quality of food preparation, busy, expensive but is the most convenient in the hotel. 
The food here is usually lovely with excellent presentation, however recently standards seem to have slipped. I ordered a tuna melt today with salad. Presentation was awful, the sandwich looked as though it had been micorwaved in it's plastic wrapper, it was in such a mess. The bread was chewy as though it had been microwaved and there was nothing fresh about it. I'm really disappointed as I usually love this cafe. I wondered if the usual chef was away? I hope it's not permanent!  
We were seated at a dirty table then ignored so we got our own menus. Eventually our order was taken by an older waiter who decided to make sarcastic remarks about our order. The young waitress had to be asked to clean the table. Coffee was lukewarm, food ok. More sarcastic remarks about our order as we left from the unpleasant comedian. Wouldn't bother going again- not a nice place.  
We booked Vivre Restaurant for 7:30pm. We duly arrived on time and were seated. Things soon went downhill as the waiter whilst pleasant clearly had too many tables to cover and it was probably 10 minutes before we were asked what we wanted to drink. Drinks came separated by some minutes and then our order was taken. It was at this point we heard other diners complaining about service but patiently waited. Starters came after about 30 minutes but then no sign of main courses. By now a number of diners were comparing notes as they had been seated before us and were also waiting their food. At 9pm we gave up asked for a bill for what we had actually had and left. The Restaurant Manager was very apologetic but that was pretty much it.  
Used twice in the past 3 months. Welcome on arrival was great. Drink order taken immediately. Friendly and attentive staff without being over attentive. Decor is as good as it was -quaint & comforting. The wine list is impressive and not over priced at all. The house champagne is far superior to many of the well known brands. It is let down by the food, which used to be noteworthy. Rubbery prawns, overcooked sole, flavourless monkfish. The menu is fine, the choice of supplier and treatment in the kitchen needs revisiting - urgently! 
Lovely pub with mostly friendly staff. I'm surprised gluten free is listed on here for this pub. When I asked about gluten free options they said they can adapt the menu, which involved removing anything with gluten and replacing with mash potato. Very uninspiring. I ended up having a mediocre Caesar salad while the rest of the table had burgers, ham eggs and chips etc, which they did enjoy. I don't think I've ever been so disappointed with a pub meal. Also very limited vegetarian options. Clearly not interested in catering for anyone who has any dietary requirements.  
It was a Monday night but service was slow. Food dry and over cooked. Like dogs but didn't appreciate the pub dog looking at us longingly as we ate our food nor jumping up on the bench next to me!! For the price I wanted better. 
When you pay £200 for a meal of three adults and a child you expect to be satisfied and full. I felt like going into a kebab shop next door to restaurant after I finished there as the food did not satisfy me. You probably thinking I am some 20 stone guy but not at all. Ordered fillet stake for mains £21. You get a stake half the size of your hand with sauce poured over it. That's it. Staff friendly and go out of their way to please you. Restaurant tired, mentioned on other reviews the paint is peeling on the ceiling. They reviews are from 6 months ago, ceiling the same. I work for a train operating company and I lease rooms to restaurants and other retailers within the train stations. A lot of them are on fixed prices till franchise runs out then renew again. Lease prices they pay are nothing to high street unless it is a major station in London. Why food prises so expensive? All and all I won't be going back, live round here and plenty round here cheaper and more full.  
Very odd restaurant, very expensive, careful what you order. Service good but desperate to sell alcohol. Not much atmosphere nor ambience, on balance the Sheraton is better. 
After visiting with family recently we noticed "the manager" having a word with a couple of groups of people as according to her they were too loud, they were no louder than anyone else in there, they were just having a good time, I don't know if she realises its a pub not a library, I find this very strange behaviour, when I go out to a pub I like an atmosphere of laughing chatting etc but she obviously cant cope with noise - I could understand if they were drunk and getting rowdy but they weren't. Maybe she should consider a career change and get a job in a library - just a thought 
I have often visited the Green man with friends and friends with a dog as they're dog friendly. Many times receiving friendly service and good quality food. My last visit at the early May Bank Holiday Saturday was met with pleasant enough service - although the male Manager was more interested in flirting with the staff than serving but poor food. We prepaid for our food me = overpriced Green Man burger - which arrived after a too long wait on a not very busy day, was cold (chips hot) my friends salmon, sauce and potato was cold too - but she was too hungry to send it back. I asked politely if my meal could be heated as the lump of cheese on top of the burger hadn't seen any part of a grill. The food came back, the cheese barely melted and the burger was cold in the middle and pink, because it was cold, the herbs within it didn't taste very nice. I was asked by another server if everything was OK and I said no, the food is still cold even after I had already sent it back. I left most of my meal, when the server was collecting my plate - I said it was awful and I couldn't eat it because it was cold - There was an apology but nothing more... the male 'Manager' was outside making a phone call on his mobile, so we knew nothing was forth coming from him. As I had already politely said 3 times to staff that the food was cold, we just left very disappointed and vowing to not return any time soon.... I now go to The Swan where the service is impeccable, dogs welcomed and the food of a very high standard. 
I thought the meal would be exceptional - as it does 'specialise' in seafood........ 
Poor food and really expensive.  
What a disappointing lunch, the blackened salmon dish was awful, dry and tasteless - tuna salad dishes had a sprinkling of tuna, the manager actually gave them for the price of a starter. There was a query on a goats cheese salad! There was hardly anyone else in the place, yet we were told it was because they were busy. Prices are quite high. Such a shame as The Green Man had a reputation for good food - used to be packed for Sunday roast. Sorry we all agreed that we wont be going there again! 
Went here for a birthday meal with my friend. They asked us upon booking what the occasion was, so we said it was a birthday. Although I don’t know why they bothered asking because nobody acknowledged the fact it was a birthday meal at all.  
Very very poor service provided by the owner/manager of the restaurant who could not even crack a smile when speaking to us or taking our orders and was extremely intimidating and arrogant all night. Extra chips were ordered for the table and not even brought to us when we realised two portions of chips would not be enough for ten people. After paying the bill, the owner/manager aggressively and very loudly started to say to my work colleagues "I had been laughing all night and couldn't stop and I would make some muscles & I would not need to get up in the morning and go to the gym for two days". I was astounded as to why he would think this is appropriate behaviour from an owner of a restaurant to insult one of his customers and make references to my weight. This was very embarrassing and upsetting for me and when I informed him that I had been offended by his statement on my way out of the restaurant I was not even provided with an apology. 
Having visited this pub over many years it is sad to see what poor value and quality it now offers. No reason to go again! 
It was our anniversary and so took my wife for a meal after being here numerous times on business meals.  
I had a Chicken Rottisserie ,Which I have to say was really dry,The Potatoes came in a Block which was tasteless Why they put it in a block I don't know ,Mash would have been better, Or loose Potatoes .,& The Bacon Panchetta was burnt,The Chicken was not the best piece available,The best part was the Gravy.The Beer I got was Flat,I told the waitress ,& the Manager gave me another Beer not the one I originally ordered ,She said that was on the House,But no discount on the Rubbish meal I had,The Menu was poor,There was Liver & Mash which was the dearest on the Menu apart from the Steaks .Liver is the one of cheapest thing you can Buy,I paid 15 pounds for a crap meal,I wont be going there again & would not Recommend it . 
The atmosphere, decor and ambience of this village pub promised so much, especially during the festive season. However, the food was exceptional in its mediocrity ... The menu description and price would suggest food of premium quality but, sadly, it was disappointingly below average. Lamb Shank with soggy kale, Cod Loin with grey mash followed by chocolate mousse that was sweeter that a Cadbury pot! Wished we had gone across the road to Da Remo! Okay for a drink but would never recommend as a decent dining experience. Over priced and overrated. 
Been here a couple of times. The food is nice but its way over priced. Ive been to many places where I have had just as good food half the price. The tables are all crammed in quite uncomfortable really and I felt quite rushed by the staff. Wont be visiting again as there is better and cheaper places around.  
I have been here twice the first time was okay, the second time wasn't good It took ages to get our food and then when it finally did it was cold very disappointed. 
Dined at this restaurant for lunch over the Easter weekend after looking at all the reviews and it disappoints me to say that I won’t be going back.  
Have been here many times before and food was amazing , sadly not so last night ... Treated my 2 friends , so neither said anything until today , i complained about my Chilli Chicken Tikka Massala on the night ( had £5 taken off ) but on reflection it was a bad meal .... As i said there was more Chillies than chicken in the masala & no other flavour than heat would not recognise it as a massala at all , both rice were cold , my vegi friend had side dishes , those that contained paneer had about 3 pieces and very watery and little flavour , bombay aloo had no flavour whatsoever , real shame , think they are so busy with hotel clients they have lost the individuality in flavours and service ... I did mention on the night but felt fair to review what my friends had said too .. real shame , wouldnt return 
We went for a family lunch, we ordered a Seabass with sautéed potatoes which instead came out with hard, dried up roast potatoes, which looked like they had been cooked earlier and re-heated. The other dishes also were not of great quality. Food took too long to come out. 
Decided to give this pub a visit based on locality and reviews but sadly disappointed. 
So wanted to like this little Italian restaurant sadly this wasn’t to be the case I had the monkfish with tomatoes and ? Pruchetta unfortunately it was not good, the tomato sauce tasted as if it was a can of condensed Campbells tomato soup poured over it, no evidence whatsoever of ham or any idea of presentation.  
Good points are that they have a lovely garden, the service was great, but the food and drinks are an absolute rip off, only wanted something light so went for the halloumi Greek salad starter for £7.50 and was shocked when it came out, 4 tiny slivers of halloumi and a chopped up tomato, it was really tasty but for £7.50 I was expecting a half decent amount. My friend ordered a glass of wine and when the bill came they had charged £9.30???? What are they on??  
Having heard and read positive reviews about Denny's my partner and I went for a Valentines meal last night. How disappointed we were.. The food was far from impressive and the seating arrangements cramped. My partner went for seafood skewer starter but it was more of a non starter being dry and lacking flavour. The Lobster and Prawn main course to be honest was more like a few shrimps with a Langoustine, the paltry mix of veg with a scattering of salad did nothing to enhance the dish. I believe The best bit of the whole meal was the desert albeit that looked as if it came out of a packet.. Worst bit of all was being sat right by the front door and the constant stream of people going in and out which meant I spent most of the night in my coat in order to keep warm.. Sorry Denny's but you did nothing special last night and I doubt we will return  
Once upon a time, only a few years ago, we used to go to the Green Man for our lunches and/or dinners. Great place for food or drinks, I even had one of my Birthday’s party there. Food was good – great value for money too. A few years later we returned to be completely disappointed. Service (we were ignored for ages) was very slow. The landlady waved goodbye to us when we left but she ignored us while we were waiting to be served. Food was no good and it is now expensive. Over £10 for a bun with one mushroom and two small slices of Halloumi cheese. [Abu Zaad in West Ealing is still the best Halloumi wrap in London – and it costs less than £4]. My fish and chips came with potato wedges instead of chips. I also had fried oil in my plate. What a bad experience. We wanted to go back to the place with friends like we used to, but we now know it is no longer worth the travel. 
Went here with a few others the other week; it was the first time I'd visited. 
I used to like this restaurant and the food but I can see that something has been changed in the last few months. The service and quality of the food still consistent, the staff is always very nice and polite.. my disappointment is about the changes made in their drink selection. I used to have my favourite Malbec but one of my last visit I needed to ask the waiter to change it and replace with something else as the quality was very very poor and I didn't like it at all. The waiter was very understanding and he changed it without any objection. Also my friend had a glass of Merlot and he said it wasn't a good pick, very tired and almost acid. It seems like that the quality has been drop drastically, only in drinks at the moment. Another friend pointed out that some of these wine are offered in pubs/chain restaurants at a very cheap price!! I was very disappointing. Anyway, I will give this restaurant another try, as I do love how their cook the lamb shish kebab and the mixed grill. Hopefully, I will have a better experience  
What a let down. Fantastic location but did not appreciate the demand to put a card behind the bar prior to ordering. Either the place is frequented by criminals or the owners are paranoid. The food was bland and unremarkable. Service however was very attentive and pleasant. 
Last visited several years ago.  
Me and my wife have dined here a few times but on the last occasion we decided to treat my mother and father it was a real let down ..myself and my dad ordered steak I asked for mine to be served medium and my dad well done after waiting 30 minutes the food arrived but was not very hot and my dads plate dripping with blood after asking for it well done .no apology from the landlady she just remarked that the chef doesn't like to ruin a good piece of meat .its not acceptable when your paying £26 it's up to yourself how you prefer it ..I will not be eating here again as I have tried to go back to see if it's just a one off ..but think overpriced and service a bit poor !! 
Last Saturday we went with the 4 of us for our diner. Starters was realy good, sardines and carpaccio! But our main meal, risotto with seafood was not very good, hardly any Fish, and the risotto was not cooked very nice. Two other main meals were just fine. When we complained about the risotto the waiter told us that no one before complained about it before. Ok he gave us later a limoncello, when he gave us the Bill, but I would not come back here. 
We went here recently and found the service here really poor. We had to ask for water several times and were left for ages with our empty place. We had to physically walk to ask the waiter for another bottle of wine. The food here is nice but certain things were not as they should be for example the oysters are not cleaned and prepared properly. It is a shame as these things really matter especially as the food here is not cheap and they automatically add service charge. If you charge service charge then make sure you provide it and clean and prepare the oyster properly....... 
Very disappointed - we have visited a few times before and was very happy. 
A well presented restaurant, with a lovely atmosphere. The staff were pleasant and the restaurant had a comfortable feel to it. 
I visited Skewd on two separate occasions hoping to get a better experience than before.  
Pleasant decor, but the coffee was so overpriced (about twice the price of Costa), we were put off trying the food or anything else: £3.40 for a double espresso cannot be justified - although the manager - who wasnt that friendly - tried hard to do so based on the cost of the coffee. Certainly the quality doesn't justify it as the coffee was really not that good. (I have had far better out of a little Nespresso machine) We paid £2 for the same thing at another local pub (Stag & Huntsman) and the coffee was far better. To cap it all, we realised afterwards they actually overcharged us ie £6.90 for 2 coffees. Needless to say we wont be going back there again 
Not a single person smiled during our dinner. Once food was served we were left with no drinks top up,no food check up whatsoever. No dessert menu offered. Empty glasses cleared with no further up selling. Not your typical Italian welcome. 
Called in for quiet drink, mixed groups of 20 somethings swearing, singing and generally bringing the whole tone down. This used to be the best pub in Laleham sadly this is no longer the case. Overpriced boring menu long overdue an update. Manager really needs to exert better control over the behaviour of the patrons. Disappointing.  
So. Leave a lot to be desired.. nothing special.. actually tasteless and lack spice. We were seated and almost 30 min went by before we were tended to.. poor show.  
I live in Denham, and the green man is my usual local, and i will say despite the prices being quite high thats what it is good for, the food how ever i will not eat again. Over priced menu for what it is and the last few times i have eaten there it has been average at best, but my meal Thursday night is what has put me off. 
Went there for a family celebration evening meal. A busy night but the wait was very long. Slow service, food reasonable but relatively expensive. For me -  
I had been to this restaurant once about 4-5 years ago and the food was terrible. I was passing by with a friend and thought of giving it a try now.  
Went to Al Forno on Friday. There were a large group of friends who don't see each other very often so we wanted to catch up. We were split into two tables which was fine as we could move around to talk to each other but we didn't bother.  
Normally food and service here is great, but this time I was quite concerned. One of the main reasons we come here is for the home baked bread, that is normally fresh, but was clearly yesterday's bread, mine was so hard I couldn't cut it (microwaved maybe?) dampened the experience, and dampened my confidence in their standards, harsh reality is that we will go less often now. Plus the new waitress was no where near the standard of the others, it was quite embarrassing as she had zero personal skills. We were with family that visited Walton for the first time, we raved about this place as the best place in Walton, but felt embarrassed and very disappointed in the end 
Went here for a business lunch with clients. Shown to table not another soul in the restaurant, apparently lunches are quiet - no wonder as I was to discover.  
Ate at this local Indian restaurant last week, welcome was nice, took our order for drinks quick which wasn't hard with a cider and a water. then it went down hill, Restaurant got a large table of customers probably about 22 just next to us.  
I feel when you've booked a table to eat anywhere, the first thing after you've sat down should not be the waitress demanding a credit card for the table from you.  
Left a bad review in January after a really bad New Year's Eve dinner,a friend said it had changed hands so we decided to give it another chance ,well wine came up Luke warm asked for ice bucked and gave us one of those silly coolers,there was 6 of us so we said the next bottle should be colder ,not a chance .i ordered liver at £17.50 came up with the 2 smallest pieces of liver,I said to the waiter is this a starter and he said no main,potatoes and veg was extra so my main was £26. My wife had pasta ,£75 no starter no desert no pre drinks,smallest liver I've ever seen,won't be going back 
Well as a group of six with a toddler we where pushed up against the wall very difficult to get in to. 
An ancient pub with an unsympathetic makeover. Looked forward to good food. Somewhat put off by a demand to hold my debit card behind the bar or pay upfront. Others may be familiar with this strategy but was unwelcome and not properly explained. Never mind - here's to some good food, hopefully (as the real ale was indifferent at best). We chose a Greek meze as a light starter and it was peculiar. One pitta sliced into fingers, half a dozed steamed green beans in a wire cage and a strange selection of dips. Mashed chick peas with salt does not amount to hummus. Yoghurt with bits of cucumber is simply tasteless without seasoning and what pickled red cabbage and some sort of chutney was doing in a meze was puzzling. A simple fish and chips was overpriced and sadly my steak was murdered. Charred on the outside and raw on the inside is bad enough but when the meat has been heavily seasoned with some sort of meat tenderizer or salty stuff and when that seasoning is charred it tastes like a salty crunch overcoat. The first steak I've ever left unfinished. Pudding? You must be joking. We beat a hasty retreat. The irony was that the next day we found ourselves eating lunch in a rough and ready town pub that had no pretensions or self regard. The food was less than half the price and we had to wait for it to be freshly cooked. It was worth the wait for good fresh ingredients cooked well. I expect the Green Man was green with envy at how an ordinary pub can be packed by selling good food at fair prices. 
Food was okay not great and I sure not fresh cooked, they just heat up, too much Onion in the Lamb Karahi, Naan was over cooked, Informed Restaurant manager and he said that the Naan breads are always like this, It just not right to an Asian that how the bread looks like but certainly not worthy of 5 stars. I really wanted to love the place but simply couldn't. There is nothing about the food, location or ambience to justify the restaurant's positioning on Trip Advisor. Surely not recommendable.  
At the time of writing this review Cappadocia was listed as the Number One restaurant ( out of 60 ) in the area, if that is the case the others must be horrendous. 
Ate here a couple of months ago and had the steak pudding, which 
Recently returned from Skewd on the Cockfosters Rd. My son took myself and his grandmother for lunch on Mothering Sunday and booked almost three months ago for a 2pm table for three.  
We were here last Friday and my wife and I both had Fish & Chips. 
This is just an ordinary, old fashioned pub in the heart of Denham. The food was pleasant enough, and I have no complaints about it, except that I found it expensive for ordinary pub grub. For example £14 for fish and chips.  
Having read the reviews here, I thought I would eat here whilst on business and staying locally. Having previously eaten here and enjoying the food I thought I would return.  
I have had a few take aways from this restaurant which have been okay so I thought I'd try to dine in. Wish I hadn't done this! The food was okay, not terrible, probably didn't justify the price tag but it was not bad. Don't get the hand cut chips, they really are awful. I think it's because they are supposed to be healthy but they are just awful, I think that is a very fair assessment. The lamb chops on the specials menu was really tasty and the kofte that other diners had looked really good. The mixed grill was also quite tasty too. The desserts were okay, creme brûlée top did not have the right snap and the sugar was too burnt but was okay. So I'm sure you're getting the gist that it's all okay and so so/passable but nothing will really excite your palate. The service was pretty slow especially as the restaurant was no where even near busy but we had time so we didn't mind so much. We came to pay and found ourselves completely taken aback by the rudeness and hostility of the staff. It began with a staff member that did not understand or speak English very well who then sought assistance from his colleague who was obviously so put out by this request for help decided to take his frustration out on us. It is standard practice not to take the diner's credit/debit card out of their sight, the member of staff needs to accept that. Don't argue with the diner when you are completely and utterly incorrect.  
I found I was squashed in at this restaurant . They need to remove a few tables and chairs Had to keep asking to have my water refilled . Food was ok limited menu and rather expensive for what it is .  
I've been here twice now, both times the experience was less than ideal. The first time we had to wait about 30 minutes for them to take the card payment as the machine was broken. Not a huge issue but they could have at least offered us a tea or coffee while we waited. We just sat there at a dirty table waiting for ages, without much of an apology. The second time I went, it was completely full. The service was just about acceptable, considering how busy it was. The food was over-priced and disappointing. The chips were inedible, cold, and had been sitting on a shelf somewhere for ages. Our prawn starter (£8) had 3 small overcooked prawns in it, total rip-off! Not happy. 
Went to this restaurant having experienced a 4 and half hour journey followed by a traumatic visit to see my very poorly niece. Waiters were so rude from arrival and I felt as if myself and my daughter were not welcome. Only person that made us feel welcome was the manager who beyond her duty. Food was average at best and a medium rare steak was still moing. We felt rushed as the waiters were constantly staring at us. Would not recommend a visit which was really sad as it used to be a lovely restaurant many years ago!! 
I'm done with this place! Ive been coming here for years. The food is good but customer service has gone downhill. It's as if the staff (especially the Manager) has grown contemp to their customers. They don't smile, when they take your order its as if they r doing u a favour! The last straw for me is when the burnt the king prawn, I complained to the manager, he sort if said sorry but still charged me for the dish. Also the place is rather tatty now with really cheap old fashioned decor. Not the place it used to be and other reviews reflect this now. 
Generally love this pub. Very disappointed on a sunny weekend visit. Staff seems flushed and in organised. A 45 min wait for sandwiches and two that were supposed to be hot weere cold. Smaller than usual actually left hungry. Sald had seem better days. A good pub gone downhill.  
We have been using the Bell for over three years and when Geraldine ran the show it was always great. On our last visit there was no waiter service and you had to go to the bar to order your food and wine. The food was really poor , its a shame that someone like Geraldine took years to build up a great place and now all that hard work has been thrown away. Very sad will not be going back. 
We ate here in-restaurant back in May 2019, and thought we found the best Indian restaurant in the SE London area.  
After all the hype we finally decided to try this place for a takeaway. The meal was really disappointing. The prawn puri was tasteless and the prawns overcooked and rubbery. The Chicken in the Biriani was dry and overcooked and the accompanying vegetable curry, pretty disgusting and full of what looked like reheated frozen veg. The best part of the meal were the onion bhajis and the chicken dhansak. But again the chicken was over cooked.  
This evening, we made the spontaneous decision to order a curry. Supporting local, we ordered from The Amber Fort. We ordered what we have ordered in the past, as we know we like the food.  
We have eaten at this restaurant many times in the past, and found the venue to be charming with great staff, good food at reasonable prices. 
Such a shame as clearly there is a talented chef here who is so let down by their front of house team. They clearly can't cope with a large group and although flooded with apologies -there organisation is very poor! Please please give the fab chef the right team! 
The food was far too salty, when we complained they weren't having any of it!!...the mangeress said she tried it.....and it was fine!!!....it wasn't fine!!!....the staff where lovely, however the manageress leaves alot to be desired!!!...shame because the food was lovely the last time we visited. 
I rarely come along here and popped in to this place for a pint for the first time in many years. The location is fantastic and the pub itself is lovely inside BUT the wait to be served was completely unacceptable. They were busy but all the effort seemed to be in serving those having lunch. There were loads of staff running around but only one other customer at the bar who ordered 2 drinks. I had to wait a full 10 minutes to order a pint as staff just ignored me. I nearly gave up but at least when I was served the barman had the good grace to apologize. Also the cost £5.06!!! - for a Fullers beer in a Fullers pub. 
My friend had her bday party there couple of weeks ago. This pub it's our local place and we are usually ok with the service, But that night the bartenders seams like there were there as part of punishment.  
I read the reviews and decided to give the restaurant a go with my family having just moved to the area. The service was slow. It was difficult to get a waiter and just getting ice with some soft drinks was challenging. The food was not good. Far too much sugar especially in the butter chicken. They offered complimentary post dinner drinks but really that’s not what is important  
Decent restaurant, friendly staff. 
Xmas lunch with friends on a Friday, mid December and the place was empty.. 
My family & I went for Sunday dinner at this pub and witnessed a member of staff (Sam I think, black shirt dark denim jeans) be exceptionally rude to at least two other customer groups. 
Having used this pub for many years as a meeting place the change in the menus is a disaster apart from fish and chips all the old faviurites are gone. I the past you could rely on awful lets pub for good fare and always a delicious pie to enjoy .suggest the new executive chef is dispensed with ASAP so that normal enjoyable can return . Make sure you check the menu before you book here the beer and ambiance are excellent the choice of food is awful I hope it will change as customers go else where 
We were takewn here by family for a meal. En route we were told about the good reviews for this Italian restaurant.  
I went with my mother and 3 children we got the two Menzies at £33 each plus a couple of other dishes. We got very small portions and when the kebabs came out we got 1 chicken and 1 pork kebab between me and my mother.I would like to know what u would get if 1 person was getting a Menzie at £33 per head. Two of my children got an ice cream because my mother and I got a Menzie each but my third child got charged £6.80 for a couple of scoops of ice cream.The bill was £140.Also it was £12 for service on top of the £140. Bad value for money. 
Really going down, rude staff and now they even ask for minimum 10% tips....that was my last trip to that place, never again....even flavours are not the same....finished for me. 
We had booked a table for 4 for Saturday 22nd February and like most people had checked out the menu on their web site. It was a very full and varied menu and on that basis we booked a table. On arrival we were given a very shortened menu and was told by the owner (we think) that two chefs were not there as they had a family bereavement and the chefs that were left were not capable of cooking all the dishes on the full menu and it was a case of either shortening the menu or closing for the evening. What they should have done is contact all the bookings and advise them of the situation. We had travelled an hour to get there and we were very disappointed. But if that wasn't bad enough the portions were meagre and all the dishes were only luke warm. No discount was given on the bill though!! 
I went to the pub with my family last night. We got a nice table with view over the river.  
A group of us booked for a Saturday Evening meal. Half the group arrived and the other half were delayed by 5 minutes or so (transport issues, it is London!) where upon arrival we were met with a blonde haired lady speaking to us in a very unwelcoming manner "Table booked for 7pm" *glare* "sit down and I'll be with you to take your order ASAP" -we hadn't even seen the menu! Then the other half of our group said she had already been over moaning at them, hardly a way to treat paying customers. 
1. Food quality OK, not good. 
So I visited this restaurant 9 months ago and loved it but we visited on my husband's birthday on Christmas eve expecting a great night. I asked if there would be entertainment which I was told on the phone there would be. There was nothing. We sat in a balcony but it was so hot we were all uncomfortable. We asked to be moved but they said we couldn't. Thinking it was because it was busy but in fact they were setting tables for Christmas day !! It became so unbearable that we asked for the bill as we took the last mouthful of the main course. My husband had the sea bass paella which was very dry and 2 others had steak which was overcooked. Such a shame. The charm of the place and staff was well and truly dead on what should have been a great night out. 
We went to legoland for family holiday, went online to look for nice Italian restaurant to dine in, and found la bettola!  
My friend was raving about this place and I was getting ready for a treat! We went on a sunday, probably their busiest day, but what we got service and food wise was shocking. We got a lovely table next to a window to the front of the building, but that's where all the good stuff ended. The pub just seemed to be in a chaos... You had to wait in a massive queue to place your food order in a separate till as if in KFC, whilst there were 3 bartenders behind the bar not really doing much at all. As a matter of fact, I had to stand in an empty bar for ages for any of them to acknowledge me, as they were too busy chatting to each other. We had to clear our own plates out of the way of the mains and they were sub par and cold, after we waited for ages. There was a crust on top of the mash that can only be the result of the plated dish being held under the pass for way too long. I honestly do not understand the raving reviews. I was very disappointed. Fantastic attitude/Service from staff could have rescued a lot, but they were aloof and non-committed. 
I went here for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon. It's a great location, sitting outside overlooking the river - just a shame the tables hadn't been wiped down. They had run out of the veggie burger so there was no veggie option so I had fish and chips. I hadn't eaten all day and had been walking around Kew for about 4 hours so was famished but I still had to send it back without touching it. It was absolutely vile and I am 100% certain that even a hungry wild dog wouldn't have eaten it because it was that inedible. The fish batter was absolutely laden with grease and rock solid. The chips were ALL rock solid and brittle. They had obviously been down in the fryer several times. I picked one up and showed a member of staff how it snapped in half and she said "what do you want me to do? Do you want new chips?" Unfortunately a lady who seemed like the manager or owner had been lurking around previously but was not around at this point, I am sure I would have got more sensible service from her. Anyway I said yes please to new chips and the woman said "do you want to change the whole plate or shall I just bring more chips?" I said change the whole thing but she still brought back exactly the same rock solid piece of fish and dried out mushy pea pot with the new chips. I was so hungry that I ate them and picked the batter and ate some of the fish from the inside but it was extremely poor value for money at around £10. My friend enjoyed her roast but it looked pretty grim to me and I think it was just because we had built up such an appetite. The service was ok, if a bit daft, but the place needs cleaning and the food is to be avoided in my opinion. 
We went there for my wifes birthday with all the family 12 in total. They were very busy the service was very slow every time we had to be asked to be served it will be a very long time before I ever go back there. There are some many restaurants that provide better service than this one. 
I lived in the same street as this lodge/restaurant for 18 years and my parents still live there. I am so disappointed in the quality of this restaurant that is part of Colnbrook Lodge. I have visited more than once and apart from a warm welcome have not been happy with the service and quality of food received.  
Incredibly slow service. Forgot things multiple times. Took forever to get the bill. Never a single apology. Wasn’t the first time I’ve been here but it will certainly be the last.  
We went to Chatora in August for dinner. First of all the positive - the food was generally good and choices were interesting. On the negative side however service was pretty terrible. Slow service, bad communication with the kitchen and worse of all after speaking to the manager, who promised to provide a voucher to remedy the poor service, after emailing the restaurant multiple times didn’t bother to answer so goes back to the negative unfortunately! There are many other good Indian restaurants in the Richmond area. Don’t bother with this.  
Been here a few times in the past and it was always quite good, they then had a change of ownership and it got better ! But my last vist hmmm, 
Came here with few friends and thought the prices were exorbitant in relation to the food served. Appreciate it’s right by Windsor Castle but no need to overcharge. The restaurant was empty bar our party of 6 and a midweek promotion to entice more custom would be welcomed. The waiter just did his job, no interaction with us. All in all not pleased! Plenty of competition locally. 
It pains me severely to write this very unsympathetic review. I have used this local watering hole for most of the last thirty five years.  
Their Food still is the Best in London but the service is going down... really disappointed how they treat us last night... never will go back...really disappointed with the staff...  
Well, looks extremely cool, and maybe you could fancy spend a nice Sunday there...but Don't!!!. We had the pleasure of enjoy our food in a sticky table, food service is very slow and atmosphere is a bit what you don't expect from outside look.  
If you love an oily curry look no further, this is the place for you. I don't so I wasn't at all impressed with the food. Asked for a dry prawn dish and it literally came floating in oil. Potatoes were also in 1cm of oil. Naan bread was thinner than the poppadoms. Only reason they got above a 1 rating was that the wine was cold and the service reasonable. £70 down and now cooking myself something edible at home.... 
I have returned to this pub on quite a few occasions. I have always been willing to give it further opportunities to redeem itself. The service continues to be an issue. It was a busy Sunday Lunch. I found a table, but was ignored for 20 min. I went up to the counter and after about 10 minutes managed to catch the eye of a server, who informed me that I would have to go to a different till to place a food order. I should have left there and then, but I was hungry. I ordered my food and a beer and was again told to go back to the other counter to get my beer. This took another 5 or so minutes. 
Went on a Sunday arefernoon for pub lunch with family. We had 2 babies and one toddler with us. On arrival our baby got a little upset as it was pretty lound and she was teething. My husband was ordering drinks and heard the girl serving behind the bar say "Oh God, I didn't come here for that [--]" talking about our baby crying! Absolutely disgusting. I then noticed I was getting death stares from an older woman seated at the bar with her husband and from an older man seated next to us. The man in particular spent his entire time staring at me and our baby as if he was utterly disgusted at our presence. I had never experiences such hostility in all my life, in particular aimed at a mother and 7 month old baby. We were doing all we could to get her to settle including taking her outside for walks by the river while the rest of our family had their meal. We even had the lady from the bar walk over to us staring at me and my baby as she walked past with her nose more wrinkled than Gordon Ramsey's forehead pre botox! 
Very expensive and not good enough! 
I had dinner in this Turkish restaurant with friends and family to celebrate someone’s birthday. Overall good food however very noisy restaurant. Our waiter took it upon himself to top up everyone’s wine glass except for mine. He did this twice despite my glass being almost empty, until there was no wine left in the bottle. He then tried to get us to order another bottle.  
Looked at this Online as its 600 yards from Hotel,reviews looked good and felt like a nice 'homely' traditional place before our trip to US. 
We went on a Saturday late afternoon. The place was very quiet with customers at only 2 tables outside. As soon as we sat the waiter came to take the order and we ordered the drinks. We hadn't looked at the food menu yet and he asked us if we would be ordering main meals. We had main meals which were very good. The deserts were just ok. We would not go there again. 
Came here today with 6 other people, a reunion. There were 4 others on another table. Ordered roast beef, very poor, Yorkshire pudding took up half of plate, a few roast pots, a bit of carrot and a bit of brocolli. Had to ask for horseradish, nearly finished meal before we got it.Been here twice before and thought it was awful food and today confirmed it. Sincerely can't recommend this place and I really am easily pleased. Not good food by any means. Just cooked a chicken at home as I'm truly hungry. Young staff were very good. 
Visited here on a Thursday night and it was very busy, a good sign I thought. Unfortunately the experience for us was not good. For 1 main course it took 90 minutes to even place our order once seated and then a further hour for it to arrive. Food was ok, it's not the best curry I have had but definately not the worst either. I would have rated more but having an 1-course evening meal take more than 3 hours means I will not be returning again. 
Arrived for a 7pm table, only one other table booked. Already paid a 10 per person deposit! obviously people must be cancelling and rightly so if they have symptoms of covid 19, which encourages you to turn up still. Arrived to be advised we have to download the NHS App, I suggested whilst we sit down we do it but was just left standing there. Partner being nearly 60 had trouble and we were eventually blocking the door, so was shown to our table. Eventually we scanned in and was given one menu for drinks and one for food to share. We waited a good 10 minutes for our drinks to be taken. After the drinks arrived, we ordered the food. Italian bread with oil and rice balls, followed by the lamb ragu and the homemade pasta with lobster. The rice balls were lovely, wasn’t a fan of the toasted bread with oil, felt it should have been basmati oil. The main course was ok, my lamb was tough, hot and luke warm in places and my partners dish was ok. Didn’t order any puddings as it took a while again to get the bill. Noticed that another table was asked whether they would like a lemonchelo, whilst our bill was brought over with the service charge of 12.5 percent for what was pretty poor service. Tried this restaurant twice now! wasn’t impressed when it first opened and because of the reviews thought we would give it another go and no i won’t be going back. Far better Italian, friendly restaurants around with better service and less use of microwaves to reheat.  
We live in Croydon - there is the Banana Leaf and Bharat Bhavan down the road, but I still order from Amber Fort and drive all the way down to get a takeaway. ...that says something 
The waiters always coming asking if things are ok, now I don't t mind this but not every 2 min... food ok ... and homophobic... wont be back 
Nice venue, service was fab but food average. The Prawn puree was very bland. Chicken tikka biriyani had chicken prices as small as the grains of rice. I have eaten this dish for many years in a variety of places around the world and can make it myself too. Being told that this is how it should be served is silly....I had the equivalent of 2 cubes of chicken in the whole dish. I was offered a new meal but declined and paid fulk price for my meal. When our food was cleared we were not offered to take the uneaten food home either as mine was a full dish, this was unacceptable. Poor show and we were disappointed. Portion sizes of meat need to be reviewed and customer service attitude improved rather than arguing the point ! 
Came here for lunch. Food is expensive for the small portion that I had, Keralan curry. Not much choice. Preferred this pub before the refurbishment, food was much better. 
Somewhere in downtown Croydon is this quirky place which can only be described as a gimmick. The restaurant itself has the feel of an old time venue a bit like Spaghetti House used to be in the 60s and 70s. The restaurant is split into two floors and the seating arrangements are cosy to say the least. The main "attraction" is the opera singer or singers which appear on a tiny stage towards the latter half of the evening. All this is perfectly acceptable but the food is dire, in fact it is so bad I have totally cancelled any memory of what we ate from my mind. It is not good at all. This review dates back to February 2017 and things may have changed, but in trurh I wouldn't attempt going back. Some of the singing isn't that great either. A strange concept for a restaurant. Not my cup of tea. 
We attended a hen party dinner on Saturday 14th January! 25 plus people! The day before the dinner the manager phoned us to say it would be an extra £10 per person to have the singer for our entertainment! We said no this would be too much hassle & money to get together the day before the hen party, so he then said not to worry they would supply the singer anyway, which was great, but seems a bit robbing when other tables were also upstairs with us, so if we had of paid, we would have been quite annoyed! So if booking a party just beware, they will try there best to get you to pay for a "singer" that's their anyway! Manager is rude, spoke to our hen weekend organisers very rudely! Shame as food & singer were fab! Great little place, just needs a new manager/owner!!!!!  
We have been there 3 times, one Saturday and two Sunday lunches. 
Sat night meal out with friends. Busy noisy hot and rushed. Please invest in a specials board. Reading out the specials from a tatty notebook in a noisy pub so neither heard nor could remember what was being said. People like to see the specials written on a board!! Ordered chicken. Menu said it came with bacon mushrooms and onion balls. Couldn't see any just the chicken! Potato cold and small portion for the money. If you book a table at 8 be aware they close at 10 so a rush if you want a relaxed evening. Won't be returning as not good value for the money and food cold and very average.  
After reading the reviews on this restaurant we decided it was a good option for Sunday lunch whilst we were visiting Windsor from London. I expected a very friendly welcome and excellent food. I was intrigued by the name since latino is not Greek and Taverna is. On enquiry we were told the 'owner' was Greek. We ordered Greek dishes from the varied menu. Loukanika, was very tiny, slim (unusual) not a good flavour and very greasy. 'Mixed Meze' starters were poor, in quantity and quality. The taramasalata element was clearly factory made not home made. Dolmades were enjoyed by my son. 
Ordered cannaloni and pizza. Not sure how can anyone call it Italian food. Cannaloni seemed like someone just took it out of the microwave, it was falling apart, very salty. I ate maybe half of it. Pizza was not really Italian style, lots of yellow cheese. A big no no. Had really big hopes for this restaurant because its close to home and there are no nice restaurants around but it was a big disappointment. Can't believe people who work there are Italian. Any Italian person who would try this food would be probably disgust. Its harsh but it was really bad.  
Real shame as they’re supposed to replicate an authentic Greek experience, however they fail miserably. Overpriced, monotonous tasting slop is what we experienced on the mezze stand they brought out. The meats are all over cooked and taste nothing like the food we’ve experienced in Greece. Service was rushed, in the summer the restaurant is often overcrowded and warm to the point that it’s unpleasant to sit there and it takes a while to get served. Disappointing. 
Living locally I was really hoping this restaurant would be a local little gem considering all of the great reviews it gets. So starters were lacking, we ordered two and they pretty much tasted identical. This would probably be ok if they tasted amazing but they were average I guess. Also were served lukewarm which didn't help. 
Me and my partner decided to go for dinner in the restaurant bit, there is also a pub next door. The prices in the restaurant are much higher so we expected some nice quality food. We ordered Steak and Ale pie and vegetarian pie. We waited for a very long time for our food and when it finally arrived we were really disappointed. For £16.99 we did not expect ready made chips, horrible watery gravy and the cheese sauce was 100% powder sauce with no real cheese at all and the pies were dry. They give you very large portions but the food is of terrible quality, especially for the price. The waitress was lovely, I can't fault her and she said we only needed to pay for one of the mains.  
The main problem we had was the bad attitude from the manager/owner (tall bald guy who is a control freak) because he is child-unfriendly. 
Friday night visit with family booked 715 finally got served 815 ! Very very noisy with group boozing at the front bar .this is not a pub !later loud boozed up table behind close to us. We have never had an experience on 4 previous occasions. Bye bye mezze . Rhea Stan posner 
Food was great but waiter was very condescending when I asked what was in the Greek Coffee (yuk). Took white a long time to get the bill even though it wasn’t very busy and they also turned people away at 10pm as the kitchen was closed - even though it says it closes at 11pm?  
Disabled's friend's lamb chops were burned to a cinder although she ate some because we waited so long for our food. Called the manager and he was quite rude. Thought at least she could have had a coffee on the house. Never experienced this before in any restaurant. 
We took my cousin here for a small birthday lunch over Sunday roast. She chose it as it was close, looked nice and had lots of positive reviews.  
We have friends came from oversea looking for an Indian meal. After a lot of searching and reading of reviews online, we thought this should be the best choice. The reality is, this is worst than average. 
Having visited the Pheasant on numerous occasion I can only say that this place is nowhere near as good as it once was. Well over priced Xmas menu at £35pp plus a 10% surcharge and this does not include drinks which are also well over priced. Have just had our works Xmas meal there and left feeling robbed and most certainly not satisfied. Slow service and mediocre food, will look elsewhere in the future. 
I’ve lived in the area for quite a while and been meaning to check it out for some time- given the reviews but sadly it was not up to par.  
Something of a curate's egg - some good and some unbelievably poor and totally unacceptable. 
I was looking forward to returning to this restaurant after coming here 3 years ago and having a lovely meal. 
Me and my friend (2 women in our 20s) came to the Pheasant Inn night before our flight. We were trying to enjoy our drinks, but 2 men began to harass us repeatedly. We looked around to find staff to help us as the men would not leave us alone, no staff came to help. Eventually I called over a member of staff who simply moved the men to a seat not far away where they could still see us and stare at us. We felt ignored and uncomfortable. 
Was so looking forward to great meal was very disappointed starter was looking gorgeous but cold 
Service wasn't great, very rushed and stressed staff. 
Pizza putin was nice as well as burgers but rest was not at all. Interior is cheap but slighty fashionable approach.  
Had our office Christmas lunch here.  
We are excited to try greek food and it was good, but the waitress asking for tip which is schocking this kind of thing is bad for restaurant reputation 
Been here previously on a few occasions and couldn't fault it today unfortunately awful 
Went to zayani on the recommendation of the Sofitel at heathrow. What can I say. Average food. Great naan, and friendly service. Not worth the trip unless you are staying at the airport and desperately seeking Indian food. There are many other great restaurants in London that have Indian food 
To give some context, my wife and I have three young children and this means we really value any time that we get to spend alone as a couple. At the time of our meal (a few months ago) our daughter had only recently been born and we had not had a night out together as a couple for several months. Hence it is fair to say we had high hopes and expectations of the evening. We booked a table at Langleys on recommendation  
Service was a bit uneven. The older gent that seated me insisted on moving my silverware around as if sizing me up and making his on conclusion. I was not greeted when I first walked in (solo woman). I should have walked out and tried one of the other indian restaurants in the area. Food was just okay - but the service needs a big improvement. In the end they sent a very friendly gentleman - but it was too late for damage control. I would have spent more than my 20 pounds had it not been for his attitude.  
This would not have been my choice of lunchtime restaurant, but then I don't often eat in West Drayton, but if this is 'fine dining' in West Drayton then it is really very disappointing indeed. 
My family and I stayed at a hotel the night before our flight from Heathrow and decided to take a walk out of the hotel to avoid airport hotel prices. We came across this pub and it looked lovely however it is over 18s only and with two 8 year olds in tow we were told we could only sit outside. This might not have been a problem if it wasn’t 30 degrees outside with very little opportunity for shade. We had planned on eating a meal out and the menu looked lovely but it seems such a shame that this place could not have a small area inside dedicated to families.p as there was no chance we were going to eat outside in the heat. In the end we gave our money to the hotel and ate there. 
We are going to be staying overnight at the Sofitel Heathrow and I have been trying several times to call The Pheasant (we are overseas so this could be a costly call) to book a table for 4 for the evening of our Heathrow stay. There are two telephone numbers on The Pheasant website one which tell me that 'all calls are being monitored by 'something Guardian' and my call will not be accepted (not sure why) and the other one which tells me that 'the person you are calling is not accepting calls at this time, please call again'!!! How can I make a dinner reservation when neither of the telephone numbers will accept my call!!! There is no email address given on their website either. As we want to dine in the restaurant rather than the bar area we really don't want to just turn up on the off chance there is a table available. Anyone else had this problem? 
We have been to the Gate a few times for drinks at the weekend and have always enjoyed the atmosphere and the courteous staff so as we had our son's engagement to celebrate we decided to take him and his fiancee for a midweek evening meal. Such a disappointment. The young waiter had no personality at all - he behaved as if he didn't want to be there. Our wine bottles were put in ice buckets a few feet away from the table yet at no time did he come and replenish our glasses - we did this ourselves. The food was disappointing too. For a starter my son had the rosemary foccacia - four slabs of really bland bread - with the tiniest little portion of oil and vinegar - a couple of dips and it was gone. The avocado salad came with small vegetable crisps - I think they may have been the crumbs from the bottom of a pack and could not be used to dip into the avocado as that was in large chunks. The cheese souffle was surrounded by a pool of hot cheese sauce and the souffle itself was completely tasteless. The cod n crab dish was disappointing as it was unseasoned. The risotto and the crab linguine were 'okay' but we have had better. After our experience in the restaurant we will certainly not be eating there again but will just stick to going along at weekends for drinks only. 
I was with my husb and little baby there for a lunch. Old fashioned design, very dirty, spider webs are everywhere, such a dusty restaurant. Had eggs Benedict, was no hollandaise sauce at all. In general food is ok. Service is great. But guys come on, clean the restaurant. 
The ambience was very inviting however the same couldn’t be said for about the staff. Firstly they continued to bring the wrong orders to my friend, in which they did correct. However when my burger was burnt and I told the waitress “Cathy” she looked me straight in the eye and said “it don’t look burnt to me so why do I need to change it. Are you taking the p*ss?”  
Having recently wrote an amazing review for this restaurant, was really sad to visit last night and to have a really disappointing night! Will not be going back anytime soon :( 
The Gate restaurant is a pleasant place toeat but the foodoffer was poor. The carrots that came with my wife's lamb were burnt to a frazzle. how an yone could have put them on a plate beggars belief. I knew I was taking a risk when ordering the seafood burger but it was unbelievable bad. Our friends food was better but a common theme was that yhe meals should have been hotter. Given the quality of the hotel the food offer should be better. 
Went for dinner with friends . Packed bar and restaurant, great ambience and attentive service . However 3 of us ordered twice baked soufflé all of which were still partially frozen! We chose chickpea curry for main course . Small portion and very bland. So disappointed! 
The food was unremarkable at best, the blandest samosa I have ever eaten was at this restaurant! 
We shared a lunch recently at Latino and were extremely disappointed. In July 2014, I reviewed this restaurant with a 5-star rating...it deserved it. Today, I ordered one of the lunch specials and (1) the meat was so tough I could barely get it off of the skewers; (2) everything was just warm, as though it was sitting under a lamp for several minutes; (3) the entire plate was dry, with no sauce except for a little dish of tzatziki, but it wasn't nice enough or plenty enough to moisten the meat; (4) the dish contained both a large quantity of chips AND a large quantity of cous-cous...I ate the cous-cous (which was really more like vermicelli) but didn't feel the chips went well with the meal so left them; (5) it was one of the very first times at a known restaurant when I've had no desire to return. So, so sorry about that since Latino used to be one of my favourites. The service, I must add, was friendly and efficient, which is the reason for 2 stars on today's meal. But for a £50 lunch (including wine), one wants better quality than we had at Latino, 
Having read the review was was really looking forward to eating at this place , how I wish I had listened to my gut instinct and not ordered. The staff are friendly and unfortunately that’s were it ends. The sticky tables dirty floors and the toilet was literally a crime scene! The food was clearly freshly made but lacked any real flavour or bite to make it stand out. Bland burger soggy chips and to add insult to injury they charge a 10% service charge on top of charging 40p for dips , which when we asked to remove they did. Overall I won’t be coming back regardless how nice the staff are .  
My partner and I visited Flaming Cow for dinner last night. We rang to book and were advised that the could just squash us in at the time chosen. When we got there there were 2 other tables empty so why so difficult I don’t know  
This restaurant has been going on for years, serving mediocre food at gourmet prices, and still seems to fill up every weekend night. We could only get a table at 6pm, as we booked on the day - which was fine.  
Yesterday had a mediocre meal, busy Friday lunch time with only one waitress on, who did a sterling job.  
Having visited Langley's on two occasions, I can say that it is a pleasantly decorated restaurant with very good service.  
We ordered 2 Barebone Cheeseburgers, Cheesy Chips to share and 2 milkshakes. I don't feel that what we got represented any sort of value at just over £30. 
We have been here for many years, and the food each time has been excellent. Big portion sizes and tastes great. I tend to have the Ploughman's board and they have a good variety of drinks on offer.  
The decor is lovely and the place is bright but the chips were overcooked, the fish under cooked, portions small and overpriced. Very disappointed so sadly we will not return for food but as it's very local I think it is a nice spot for a couple of drinks. 
8 of us Went last night for a friend’s birthday. The new refurb lovely, but that’s where the positive comments end. Wrong drink order at the bar, and then the wine we wanted was not chilled so they suggested a more expensive alternative. 1 of us was served her food 10 minutes after everyone else, despite asking several times where her food was. Everyone’s food was incredibly salty. I had the seafood burger with no bun, but it didn’t have the same ingredients as others who had the bun (lettuce, tomato, etc).  
I live just down the road from the Gate so visited 3 weeks before to book a nice & suitable table for Sunday lunch with my family & friends. 
In a city that's abuzz with life during the day and near 'ghost town' in the evening it's with regret that I write this review after having cancelled a reservation at a nearby establishment which only had a few covers. That said the restaurant was one of the few in Windsor that was near capacity, the service was amicable and the food heated through… so what's the bother? Well, simply put you can prepare it all to the same standard (or better) with ease at home, without a 'learn how to cook Cypriot for Dummies' guide. If they cooked with the same passion as other Cypriots I've met this place wouldn't just be busy, there'd be a queue out the door. Unfortunately we won't be in it though… 
Went there for Sunday lunch for two and the place was rammed. Difficult to park, even in the overflow parking area around the back so be ready to park on the street. Lots of outdoor and semi outdoor seating so even though it was really busy you will get a table. Huge menu and huge portions but the quality of food was disappointing. Had the calamari (not good) and the bacon, avocado wedges (ok) to start. Had the beer battered cod (good) with curly fries (good) and coleslaw (normal) and the chilli cheese burger (forgettable). The burger also comes with curly fries and coleslaw - which was far too much so would recommend you order it with just the crisps (cheaper) and share the fries from the other main meal. Saw the steak and ale as well as the homemade chicken pie go by and they were both massive too! Skipped dessert because there was simply too much food.  
Having visited on several occasions now, we have come to the conclusion that this place is very unreliable. Wines not available, poor food but great decor and terrace. Maybe good for a small snack and drinks only until we hear that it has improved. Shame as just a few things could be tweeked to make this a great place to visit. 
Chicken wings starter and flat saucer looking kebabs all tastes nice.found a long hair in the tomatoe salsa the lady waitress quickly rushed back to the kitchen.house special ,mixed kebab ,Chicken kebab and meaty baba ganoosh for main meals all perfect. 
Table of 16 were greeted with “your table isn’t ready” 10 minutes before we were due to sit down.” Service was hit and miss and desserts were changed because a “fridge had fallen over” alledgedy.  
Visited on Ladies Night - 3 course meal with free wine during your meal for £25.00. The food is nice but very small portions however the desert portions are huge but if you want the cheese board you have to pay a further £3.00.. The wine is not nice, very cheap wine and the staff are not quick in filling up your glass or asking if you want a different drink. On paying the bill the waitress told us we had underpaid as we did not give them the full service charge tip due to the service was not that good ....how cheeky. 
I made a booking for three persons on Friday 10th March at 1500 for the following day at 1700.  
This place is not a family friendly venue. There’s a DJ and they are hoping everyone goes for their bottomless brunch gets drunk and starts dancing around their tables. However, the place was practically empty and the DJ was playing his music for me, my husband, 6 year old and 3 month baby. Food was actually nice. I enjoyed the burger. My husband said the eggs Benedict was good. No kids menu so paid adult prices for kids food. Service was the problem. The staff are no where to be seen. We waited 25 minutes for water on arrival. It’s such a shame as I’m a local and was very excited about the refurb!  
I went with my hubby, and my sis with her BF.We ordered the pink bubbles, very drinkable...B-) Starters we ordered were King Prawns (3 for £7,50, terrible value for money), Kalamari which was bland (tip for thechef use some salt.....) and a Mini meze with Houmous (tooo much Tahini), Tzaziki (Where was the garlic??????) Bland Melitzana and Taramosalata.Maincourse for me was Salmon, Definitely OVERCOOKED.It suppose to be pinkish inside........My hubby and my sis BF for the Kleftico which the mean was soft but VERY dry, no sauce or gravy, just the Shank.My sis had Lamb Fava which was very fatty and saucy with 3 tiny potato pieces. So to summarise the experience:very overpriced, bland and we're still dyin for dessert which we just considered havin at home!!! 
Been here a few times but this time service was disappointing. Order was incorrect and was told to wait as they were busy! Had to ask several times for cutlery and not once were we asked if everything was ok. Owner didn’t even bother to ask this either and no one bothered saying bye when we left. Need to look after their customers! 
Great food 
Cramped, expensive and noisy. Food was average and not the Greek I expected. 
The real Greek, but not for true Greeks I think! 
Been here loads of times but so disappointed. Mostly Ignored by staff. Took two hours for two courses. We didn't bother to wait for a sweet or coffee didn't have another two hours to spare 
Booked a table for 10 friends to celebrate my birthday as heard this was a great place to go . After being seated we were just left there we waited over 15 min before I had to ask 3 members of staff if we could have some drinks . Once drinks arrived the waiter walked off ,15 mins pasted before once again having to ask for someone to take our food order . When our starters arrived 1 was missing , I feel the staff were more interested in catering for the large groups. We constantly had to ask 2 or 3 times before someone took notice . There are far to many tables and not enough staff . When the bill arrived I even had to tell the waiter that I had paid £100 deposit for the table and could he deduct from the bill ...Shame about the nite , would not go back again 
Called up before visiting to hear what were the vegan options, was informed incorrectly which caused confusion when visiting, one vegan option was marked as containing milk and another was not marked with anything but contained dairy products, then desserts had to ask if the sorbet was vegan as it was marked with as containing milk, but the mango ice cream wasnt marked with containing milk, then the dessert was taken away as the cones were not vegan so had to remove the sorbet to eat it, just need vegan options and clearer options! The actual venue is beautiful and staff are polite and friendly!! 
Had a good selection of burgers and hotdogs etc... 
Got the last table tonight as didn’t book. Corner table upstairs, cramped and very chilly as by window. Waiter initially quite quick but once order taken he didn’t come back to check if we needed more drinks, which we did. Waited about three quarters of an hour for food, which was average. Again waiter didn’t check back. We were only asked how our meals were after we finished! By another member of staff.  
Slow service and despite booking a table in advance we were basically made to feel really unwelcome when a big table came in unannounced. We were asked to move our buggy outside despite there being plenty of room inside. They put so much pressure on us and were so rude that I left without finishing my lunch or drink. Very upsetting when you are on your own with 3 children, not a nice experience 
You won't go back in a rush.. or probably never. Very expensive for what it is. More of a lunch venue and eat a meal while you drink sort of venue.  
We had heard a lot about this little lively place and were excited to go there for my birthday with about 11 friends, the calamari was nice and that was about it..I order the pork escalope with mushroom sauce, it was like eating cardboard, my husband order the duck, this was worse than eating the cardboard, other friends had some chicken wings just as dry, she ordered the smallest thing and yet only got her food about 15 minutes after we were all served. I would never go there again and the price of the food is not worth the quality of the food as there was no quality! 
Not sure if this has changed hands but it was not it’s usual standard . Burger was ok . The wings were dry and old. French fries were ok. Staff not usual helpful selves . In all felt like a wasted evening couldn’t wait to get out 
The food was surrounded by flies and to say the table was sticky and dirty is the bear minimal. Staff seem to smoke outside then serve food without washing hands. 3.6/10 
Despite having the good review of best burger in Windsor, I didn't find the quality of burger that good, just so so and the hotdog was just bad. 
I have been here many times so I m not sure why the standards have gone down as far as quality is concerned. The fish was over cooked and mushroom sauce was tasteless. I the think the chef was away or changed. Very disappointed with the main course.  
Visited here last summer and had a lovely time so didn't hesitate to return when we were back in the area. Sadly this trip meant we will not return in the future. 
went tonight with friends and have not been to a restaurant in a while where service was non existent and attitude of the owner was could not care. 
The restaurant has decor, and the food is good, but the big let down was when we ate the meal, was the actual portion sizes. We are not big prolific eaters given to expecting heaps but i have never seen so little food on a plate. Considering that one can pay between £13-18.00 for a main meal that is no more than a starter, then this to us was a bar to coming again. Upon telling the staff they seemed disinterested and unsympathetic. Sorry we would not go to Langleys again and for this reason would not recommend it to others. 
Largely ignored from beginning to end. Took ages to get menus and even longer to place our order. Very long gap between courses and nobody asked if we enjoyed our food. After the main course was cleared away the waiter didn’t ask us if we wanted dessert or a hot drink. The food was fine but we will not be returning  
Disappointed to find out that the house wine was a 'wine based. drink' available at Morrison's for £3.95 a bottle. Otherwise average burger fare. 
I usually love this place its normally a perfect vibe and place to relax and unwind with friends but on Valentines Day my partner and I knew its a safe bet as we love it so much and we were both extremely dissapointed. The staff were incredibly rude... it clearly states on the menu that any allergy requirements please ask a member of staff. Im allergic to wheat, gluten and dairy and when ordering dessert I asked our waiter if my sorbet had any dairy in it as I know from bad experiences that some can. The waiter rudely looked at us and said "Well i don't know" I could of gone into the kitchen myself and checked for him OR like a good waiter would say "let me ask the chef"  
Positive -They have a DJ playing Indian Bollywood / Bhangra style music. It is great. 
Food ordinarily ok. Place ok. Bloke in charge astonishingly horrible. 
Went with friends and food really let us down 
Food very dated very basic skills of culinary. 
Went today for a dinner but the place was too loud, only 2 waiters including a trainee who wasn't ready to take orders. Took ages to give an order and none of them looked professional. Also got a wrong bill. Really disappointed and ruined our evening. 
Used to go here when it first opened with my mate thats since moved and figured it'd be a nice place to go last night.  
Went thinking a Gaucho steak might imitate visions of my 'Malvinas' colleagues from International travels - didn't come near to meeting this. Service was excellent from our Canadian / British server however but would not go back. 
I am brazilian and felt I would like the food as the labelled lot of brazilian food, but indeed I felt so disappointed as it is not like Brazilian taste and it took so much time to arrive the food come and when came was burned the chicken. I had to ask to replace and it took another 35 min.  
We went first to Langleys restaurant about 6 weeks ago and had a great experience. So we decided that evening to book a table for valentines dinner. A very bad decision. 
The portion are getting smaller every time I go there. I remember ordering portion of fries and it was enough for 2 people to share, you order fries now its enough for 1 person. Not value for money anymore. Burgers to seem to have shrunk now too. 
Dined 06/03/19 +- 18:30. 5 guests. Restaurant fairly quiet. Seated quickly at our reserved table. Food & Drinks were good. Service lacking though. When we had finished eating, plates taken away. Not offered more drinks during or after meal. Empty drink glasses etc. left on table. Not offered dessert menu. Had to request the bill as the staff member was fiddling on the ipad. Bill then arrived. Staff member then reiterated that the service charge was optional...strange thing to say as it does state it on the bill. Waited again to pay and had to make contact with the staff member again fiddling on ipad to bring over the credit card machine. I would hate to see what the service is like when the restaurant is busy. I do not think I would return. 
After living in Brentford for some years now, we decided to try La Rosetta as it always looks busy. The food was very nice until my fiancé found a long dark hair near the bottom of her pasta. It could never be hers as she has light hair. We informed the staff, who seemed surprised, but no apology! They then took the hair and spoke in Italian to each other before coming back and saying, ‘it’s not from any of our kitchen staff, none have long hair!’. Still no apology! As the meal had been ruined, we decided to finish our drinks and leave. Then out came 3 long dark haired women from the kitchen! No hairnets at all, just one guy with a hat on. It’s never about discount for me, although they should have just put their hands up and apologised. So we paid and left rather disappointed, unlikely to return again!  
Used takeaway. Burgers normally good but over cooked and poor this time on both burgers ordered - both said the same. Substituted items but charged for those added, not deducted for those taken off - not very fair when I had clarified this on phone. Only £2.25 but principal. Had free Preseco card from Dec visit, us unable to use on takeaway - no mention of that on card. Server rude and uncaring when I pointed these out. Only in restaurant 5 mins and went out smelling of cooking... 
Three friends and I visited this establishment on a busy saturday night. The food was fairly decent, not as strong as the reviews below suggest. It was a busy evening, and the waitress seemed too busy for us and service seemed rushed. Not impressed. 
We went to Latino's when it was less busy in the winter. The food was OK (we had a Meze) and everything was fresh, service was good. 
I went back to masti on a Saturday night after 7 years and would never go again. The food was good no doubt . But all you get is all the older women dressed in leathers trying to pull all the young guys. And most of the men are all the back home ones who don't understand the word no. All women getting drunk and throwing themselves around and just making a scene of themselves. Not a place that I would go with my family again as it was embarrassing and too much vulgarity. The security should focus more on what's happening around then getting people to buy them drinks. 
Not a good experience as the lamb skewers were undercooked, only the outer 1mm was dark the rest was red. Chicken skewers were ok but both were supposed to be served with a lemon dip that was in fact a sesame dip. Baklava here is a soaking wet disaster for anyone that loves baklava....you dont have crispy filo, its drenched in the sugary sauce so what your served is two rather tasteless slices of wet sort of baklava. Two stars im afraid but will remain busy despite the worsening reviews because of where it is. 
Service, setting and music was good. The food however was below average and we won't be goong back. The Greek salad that came with one of the mains was NOT a Greek salad at all, i'll ask my Greek relatives to teach the chef how to make a decent salad. That sums it up really, if they can't get a salad right then what does that tell you about the rest of the food. Bland and not at all authentic, not to mention expensive 
Service is ok. They are not nice but not rude either... 
It all started from when we walked through the door, we had to wait a minute for our table which is fair enough but then the waitress came up to us and said your table is ready you can go to it now, her expecting us to know where she wanted us to sit as was not obvious, I had to ask which table it was which then she just pointed I still felt like I guessed which one it was. Then we were waiting ages and I had to ask a supervisor for someone to take our food and drink order which when the waitress arrived she left our table twice in the middle of taking it, and going attending to something else, I had to repeat it 3 times, they forgot our water and garlic bread which we had to ask for again all this happening we didn’t hear one sorry. On a good note the food was really good we had nachos with chilli, I wouldn’t recommend the garlic flatbread there’s no garlic on it just oily bread, I had the fajitas which were nice and got a lot in it and my partner had a burger which he found really nice. I hope they will work on their service because even at busy times they should be able to keep up, this was at about 9:30 at night as well, I don’t think I’ll be returning to las iguanas anytime soon for food. Service was appalling. 
I'm always reluctant to leave bad reviews as my visit is always based on a tripadvisor score, but this was so bad I feel almost obligated.  
Reviewed this place not long after it opened and was very impressed, however on a return recently was really disappointed in the service by certain members of staff and could see other customers in the restaurant also getting frustrated, it was a lunch visit, not busy inside either. firstly was left waiting at the door whilst 2 separate staff walked past without any acknowledgment, a simple 'be with you in a moment' is all that is required, the waiter who served us initially was great especially with my daughter, however 2 of the female members of the team were just wandering round ignoring customers, when our waiter either finished his shift or went on lunch his replacement was terrible, very curt and uninterested, moping around like a moody teenager, took an absolute age to get dessert one of which was a scoop of ice cream which arrived at least 10 minutes after the other desserts and only after 2 separate requests, had to search someone out to get the bill and then again to pay it. I must of watched 5 other tables have to do exactly the same, overall incredibly disappointed with the service levels, food was still good but doubt I will return again 
Popped in for lunch while enjoying a relaxing day in Windsor. Noticed they have a very reasonably priced lunch menu and appreciated the open front on a warm day.  
Being a fan of our local las iguanas we decided to visit this whilst being in the area for concert. The restaurant looked nice and seemed a friendly welcome but then took a turn for the worst. It was 2-4-1 cocktails so we ordered two espresso martinis (£11.99 for two) and were so shocked to be given half full glasses cocktails...when we said why aren't they full she said yeah they are half price??? Even still at £6 I don't expect to have a half filled glass or a waitress who thinks that it's acceptable to have three sips of a drink for £6. We ordered a burger and enchilada off the event menu (both around £12) and soon after ordering I saw a burger appear on the kitchen pass, there it sat whilst other orders came out and then after about 10mins two plates were served. My partners the long sitting burger and my enchillada/chicken nukes in a microwave and put in a wrap with cheese sprinkled on top and then surrounded by watery boiled rice and black beans. My partner had a bite of his burger and said it was so dry it tasted like it had been cooked hours ago. My enchilada was awful with no chipotle sauce on the chicken which burnt my mouth and the whole thing was awful. After the second mouthful we decided to speak to someone as we just couldn't eat them. Having never returned a meal in our lives but loving our local restaurant the waitress seemed a little loss on what to do. We asked to settle our drinks bill and said we'd go elsewhere as it was so awful. A manager did eventually come and speak to us and seemed Surprised at our comments but had he have actually eaten the food I'm sure he could not deny the lack in quality and care taken in making it. He did handle the situation ok in the end and said we didn't have to pay for our half empty cocktails which was a relief. Sadly we left feeling like we shouldn't have expected anything better because it being an event day, which is such a shame.  
I'd heard good things about this restaurant, so as part of a large group, was looking forward to the food. 
being an Italian going to an Italian restaurant i was very disappointed with quality of food the use of a single sauce for all the dishes i ordered made all the dishes taste the same from starters and main all they did was to add frozen elements to the dish for example the hot prawn starter in a tomato sauce was just a tomato sauce with pre cooked prawn added to it the prawns were never cooked in the sauce because prawns never tasted of that sauce . 
A group of us visited on a Saturday afternoon and the service was very slow. It took about 40 mins for our drinks and starters to arrive. They forgot multiple drinks and food orders. Food was really tasty but there was no alcohol in the drinks, it was just syrup. We carried on drinking regardless and after 7 or 8 different cocktails each we left, it didn’t feel like we had been drinking anything. 
We went to this restaurant for our anniversary dinner. We were very disappointed with the service and food. The menu mentions fresh fruit juice based on which my wife ordered orange juice, however we were surprised that they served canned juice. When we complained, they said that they will charge half price. Main course food was also not that tasty and I will avoid this restaurant in future. 
After a day of being top tourists, me and my sister decided to grab a bite to eat before heading home. We love burgers, and saw that Flaming Cow had rave reviews, however we weren’t that impressed. 
I decided to try out this restaurant in Woodford Green, but I have to say despite the food being decent, the manager is rude and quite clearly doesn't want my custom. To be fair, the staff in general under him there seem very friendly and professional. For me it is about the total experience from beginning to end, and the food has to be spot on every time. Therefore I have decided not to try this one out again, and stick to the Marina next time I'm in the area. 
Of the last 5 times I have been there I have been asked if I could leave my table early and finish at the bar instead of remaining where I am, we hadn't even been there an hour. We were asked very politely and offered a free drink at the bar but it made me feel awkward to refuse, this it shouldn't happen at all. On one occasion I was spoken to in a way that I had to talk to the manager about it. This is a great pity because the food is excellent as is the atmosphere. We won't be going there again because there is plenty of competition for this type of food. 
We have been here a few times now as a family but will not be returning due to bad service on numerous occasions. 
We had walked past on several occasions and always said we must try this place. We ordered a takeaway and were so disappointed with the outcome. Not only when we arrived to pick up the order were we greeted by unfriendly staff but despite waiting for it to be cooked, it was cold and poorly presented. The buns were dry and not at all what we expected it to taste like. An expensive meal and not good quality. 
This has been on my list to visit as it has such glowing reviews and let’s be honest, who doesn’t enjoy a good burger!? 
Toilets were bad..smelt...not cleaned...dangerous snapped tiles...huge spider dead in the light....no toilet roll.. 
I have been several times to the Flaming Cow restaurant in Eton and have always been delighted with the food. Personally we think the "dirty cow" burger is the best. Tonight we decided to stay in and try to have it delivered. We ordered 2 dirty cows burgers, which arrived in good time thanks to Deliveroo. However, we ended up with only 1 dirty cow burger and 1 chicken breast Parmy burger. Also, the size of my dirty cow burger ( which you normally struggle to put in your mouth) was just no bigger than a Burger King Whopper although it was very nice. I have just paid £14 for a small burger which is very disappointing and didn't expect to be so small and £14 for a chicken burger that we didn't want so don't order through delivery service. My husband offered to eat the chicken one although what he really wanted was a dirty cow burger. I'm obviously open to feedback and money back from the company as I do believe that it was overpriced and a disappointment. 
Waited 30 minutes to even be severed then an extra 30 minutes to get are drinks not good at all the food was quick and really nice too so was the drinks when they finally came it’s just a shame about the service! 
Table reserved for 6.15pm but after we sat down and sipped on our first glass, the owner looked dismissively on our very well behaved children (10 and 14 who were busy writing in their books) and asked us to either finish by 8 or move to the top floor (out of sight). My 80 year old mother said that we had booked the table and we could not guarantee our departure by 8pm and no we were happy where we were and didn't want to move. The owner then changed her mind and said she miraculously just had a phone call saying the double booking were now coming at 8.30. The pizzas were good, the fish was good but the pasta dishes - the sauce too overpowering. They really should have hired more staff as they were unable to cope with the covers they had - hence we had to keep asking if someone could take our order. At 8.26 the owner said we had 4 minutes to go - we saw no-one waiting. My poor mother was so upset that we paid and left. As we were very quiet the only thing we can think off is that they don't like children in the restaurant although they ordered adult meals. The table next to us - said they were very shocked about the owners attitude and couldn't understand why she was being so horrid to us. A real real shame in 2015 on what should have been a lovely evening. 
We pre booked for christening dinner for a large group of 40+ People. Few weeks before our booking we had to pre order from a set menu pay a large deposit and confirm our numbers that was all fine and handled professionally. However when we got there on the day was another story, almost like they wasn’t expecting us. We had to wait over 1 hour just for our starters to come out and a further hour for mains. The manger was very unprofessional and unaproachable when tried to query what was the hold up and even pre ordered drinks didn’t arrive yet. The chefs looked so relaxed considering there was a big order to get out, weren’t cooking anything . The two servers had no clue what to do just couldn’t handle it at all we ended up going to the bar to order our drinks .  
Popped in for an early dinner at this little Turkish restaurant. Takeaway at the front and a little restaurant catering to perhaps 20 at the most to the back.  
Wasnt impressed with our visit to this place £5 for a small glass of beer considering the place was decorated like a warehouse. The burgers were Ok but overcooked. No real passion into the food from what I could taste, and the service was very grumpy and uncomfortable and clearly didn't want to be there. We had to be asked to be served a couple of time as did both the tables around us. For a £60 burger for 2 people, I would expect a lot better. 
Let down by food and service. Not much more to say. Have been several times before and it's nearly always been the same. I only go if invited as I wouldn't go otherwise. Two of my friends rave about it but I'm still waiting to be impressed . 
Small meat portions in the kebabs, undercooked cheap steak chips. 
We ordered two Cuban Sandwiches. Their should be porc in it but it was clearly chicken disguised as porc, with some grease. And it was pink. 
As with most Real Greeks in this chain the food is good and we had no issues there. 
Who adds a service charge - tip - to the bill without asking the customer? 
I have been in the restaurant for more than an hour trying to celebrate with my friend, just to have my order taken and to not be seen by the waiter, until my starters were ready. I have received my drinks. However, drinks should always come before the starters. They have come 10 minutes afterwards. We have been waiting 50 minutes for our mains but we still haven’t received them and the waiter is refusing to have contact with his guests which is unprofessional. 
Restaurant is really quite small with limited dining options. Was put out as a traditional Italian food but there was no taste to it really. It's not a bad price though although after we'd eaten our main we were asked to move to another table to squeeze more in. I was highly unamused as we had literally just finished - so we left.  
After having seen the tripadvisor reviews my family and I decided to try Zaza for the first time. I never do a review for a place that I have only visited once. I always give it a couple of tries before reviewing so I am able to have a general experience apart from a one-off, however we were a table of six so I do feel justified with this review. 
Booked a table before Billy Joel concert . Menu ok but not extensive . At least 10 minutes passed before I flagged a guy down and asked him if we could order drinks . He went off and came back with a pad . Took drinks order and food order from one of our party and then left !!! Why ? Eventually got him to come back and we explained that we'd all like to order (!!!)  
We have been coming to the Crown since it was revamped / reopened years ago, and while it has not always been faultless, the food was generally excellent. However, we had an average meal in between lockdowns this summer and the other night was very poor indeed. My wife's croquettes were very greasy and unpleasant, the crab on toast was frankly disgraceful (a minute amount of cold white crab meat sprinkled on a piece of cold toast), her fish and chips was lukewarm (and therefore also inedible), as was my pie and chips. We didn't complain on the evening as it was meant to be a treat for us after the easing of lockdown, a relaxing night out, and we didn't want to spoil the evening by having disputes. Also I was not going to post a review as we hadn't complained in person - but then I received an emai lfrom the Crown asking me to, so here you are. The service was fine so I left a £5 tip on the £65 bill but in retrospect I regret even leaving that. 
We have lived in the area for a number of years & the Crown has always been our go to when friends or family visit. With Covid, no friends or family allowed but my wife & I visited on Saturday night and sadly the change in ownership appears to have had a negative impact. 
Unfortunate because the food was great but the service was shocking. The staff were having a team meeting and didn’t care that we were sitting there with no drinks or not bringing a card machine to pay with. We sat with no water or cocktail whilst eating our food which isn’t ideal. 
I visited on Saturday and Sunday lunchtime and on both occasions it was freezing in the restaurant despite the fact that there were additional free standing heaters (that were too small to be effective) so keep your coats on! 
Have been to the same chain in Newcastle which was really nice, Argentina Steak to die for. Been the Wembley one three times now and on two occasions was told not meat or chicken, 
I was there with a friend for a quick meal. As i was the only one hungry i ordered a main for myself and she had a starter for her drink. The waitress was somehow surprised of the small order wich was a bit awkward as how much could a woman eat. Anyway i had mixed cebab and on arrival i noticed the fries were missing and she explained they are served selarately and it wouls be an extra 4 min. She then proceeded with helping other customers and completely ignored me. Finally one of the staff members noticed me looking arround and approached so i explained that we were waiting for 25 min already. He apologised and offered to bring them in a few minutes or remove them from the bill. We agreed on the second option but when we went to pay another staff member just gave us the bill without any change despite the rest of the staff were there and someone coule have mentioned. I am not a conflict person so i didnt raise the question again so we just paid and left. Considering the service and the quality of the food the prices are too high for what they offer. There are much better turkish restaurants with bigger portions, great service and same prices. Avoid in my oppinion. 
My son loves Italian food and risottos, so as we were staying close by it seemed the perfect place to go. I telephoned ahead to book a table so all ok so far. Upon arrival we were met by an elderly gentleman who looked at us strangely when we gave our name and said we had booked. We were disappointed with the menu, no risottos at all! Had starters and mains. Chose an Italian meal rather than pasta or pizza. Very average taste and boring presentation.  
I am at a complete loss as to why this restaurant has received so many good reviews as the food really is not good. Garlic bread with cheese - dry bread, minimal cheese and a dollop of tomato sauce on top which did nothing for it. Scampi Rosetta - none of the scampi had been de-veined which is a basic essential - I certainly don't want to eat gritty mouthfuls of intestines. The 'brandy cream and mushroom' sauce was a tasteless Orange gloop. And how much did this delight cost? £18.95!! Unbelievable. The marinated olives were good but I don't think I will make a return visit just for those. 
We were visiting the area to celebrate our sons birthday and found La Rosetta close by with good reviews. 
Food average felt very rushed wanted us to finish & leave quickley. 
I have been to this restaurant before so decided it would be a good place to see the New Years in, the evening started well and the restaurant was not that busy which was quite surprising as it was New Year, After having the dinner we asked for a pudding which was fantastic, but we had also also wanted another drink, we waited around 20 minutes and no one came, i then went up to the bar there was a man behind it with a tie, i said that ourselves and other tables were waiting for some service and we had not seen anyone for 20 minutes, he said he would send someone over, another 20 minutes went by and we had now been waiting 50 minutes, i then decided that i had had enough and went over to the girl at the til to ask if i could have the bill so i could pay and leave, she tried to apologise but by that time i just wanted to leave. 
I went to Turtle Bay yesterday for a date with my bf. When we sat down we had to wait 20 mins for a waitress to come and take the drink order, because she was busy cleaning a table near us, and did't acknowledge us at all! After that we had to wait another 15 mins to receive the drinks. The food came very quick, but one dish was missing, so we had to wait another few minutes to receive it. The food was not too bad, but it wasn't something to come back for. After we finished no one cleared our dirty plates, and asked about the puddings. As a waitress was missing we went to the bar to pay our bill. No one apologised, or even asked how was our experience. To sum up, our date has been ruined,. 
good value at just under £10.00 BUT not at weekends when the same menu is £16.90 
I read all these great reviews and thought I'd give this place a try, but now realise these other reviewers are probably used to eating rubbish food, so they think this place is great!! It's the only explanation, unless La Rosetta just had a really bad night when I ordered? For their high prices and bad quality food, I just wouldn't be prepared to pay this for a bad meal. 
I decided to come here while I was in Wembley as Indian food is one of my favourite cuisines. As I had heard a number of good things about this place, I thought it would be worth a visit. I was only interested in the food but, when I rang up to book this place for the Sunday, I was told that the only option was a buffet dinner and dance. When I turned up at the restaurant I discovered that this wasn't the only option and, so long as I arrived before 20:00, I could order from the menu instead. On my first attempt at visiting this place, I was told that there was a smart dress code, which I wasn't told over the phone. This caused me to be turned away, but on my second visit several guests had been allowed in dressed inappropriately. Unfortunately the food here turned out to be rather poor due to a combination of oily and salty foods, like one would expect from a buffet. Unlike most buffets, the dishes aren't replenished here and the food is simply gone when it is gone. While the prices of the food here are undoubtedly cheap, the drink prices are nothing short of extortionate and are clearly where this place makes its money. The toilets are also an absolute state as one cubicle was filled to the brim with excrement and vomit, which appeared to have been there for several days. 
went here last night to get a very cold welcome. After sitting down (and being the only people in the restaurant)and ordering the drinks we couldn't even here ourselves talk as the DJ was doing sound checks the whole time, we requested for this to be done another time so we could enjoy our meal, this was not possible so we cancelled our food and left. will never return 
Service was poor, we waited 10-15mins to order even though the member of staff had said he will be back in a moment. He walked past numerous times and even ignored us after. It seemed like he was the manager on shift which was even more appalling. The restaurant wasn’t even half full to justify the service. Asked another member of staff for a straw for a slush drink and was told ‘no’ quite aggressively.  
I’ve been to Turtle Bay, Ealing plenty of times and it’s always been ok. It’s got a lively atmosphere and is an ideal place for cocktails and late drinks.  
Usual Las Iguanas food but service appalling. Long wait to be served and get bill. Awkward situation using Birthday voucher. Don’t think we would bother again.  
Remembering this busy/vibrant dining experience was difficult as we struggled to make drink orders from our table despite the huge number of staff available. We wanted a table outside due to the heat but were left boiling indoors while people walking in were shown to a table outdoors straight away. The food was excellent though but was let down by the lack of care for guests that booked in advance. 
After we complained about poorly made cocktails I was then told I had to order my dessert at the bar. Money was refund for cocktails but overall not a great experience won’t be back in a hurry 
Visited on Saturday 1st August.  
We went to Turtle Bay in ealing for some food and a couple of drinks...  
The service at the restaurant was very slow although there were only 2 people working in the shift and it wasn’t busy. Our food took over 1hr to arrive simply because the waitress forgot to bring it and was serving people that came after us. Also the food was very spicy despite us asking the waitress whether our choices weren’t and she confidently confirmed. Despite that, the guy working in the bar brought us our food (he was doing most of the work at the restaurant) and he offered us free drinks as an apology. 
appalling service had to wait for ages for our food and drinks kept getting brought other peoples food before ours when it actually arrived it was okay nothing special had to show the guy how to use his pad for my rum and didn't get the amount i'd ordered either i asked for a double and barely a single arrived and had to wait a good 30 minutes for the bill by this time i was ready to walk out with out paying very disappointed as iv'e been there 5 times before and each time was good i dont know why it was soo bad this time staff problems ?? 
Visited on a Sunday arrived around 12pm was the second table. Waited a while for order to be taken, we waited 50 minutes for our food...people who came in after us got food before us including those of a similar size...waited a while for ketchup after asking a third time (for kids meal), no check back, no extra drinks order...only got watermelon from kids menu as we asked for it...good food and good atmosphere but service really let it down...other tables commented we waited a long time they felt bad for us especially with the children. 
Be careful about the 12.5% service charge added without notification. We were asked once if we liked our meal. My wife said "No". The waiter said Thank You. It was a pork type sandwich which was both cold and covered in a type of piccalilly. He clearly give not even listen to our feedback nor explained the service charge. She left 90% of the food and offered a refund or alternative, or course not. 
Food tastes like it came out of a packet, Staff and menu a bit dated, could do with a lick of paint 
Booked a table for 6 on a Thursday night and they were very quiet, however service throughout the night was appalling.  
We went for pre show dinner. Most the restaurants were busy so we understood why we had to wait for over half an hour for just a few Mexican tapas dishes. Staff were pleasant enough. Our drinks arrived quickly, but the two for one deal on cocktails is not so great. The cocktails we had weren't that nice and had nothing decorative done to make them feel like cocktails. Over thirty minutes later our food arrived. Not exactly what was ordered but that wasn't the issue, the lack of heat was the problem. As the food at the bottom of the dish was warm we suspect the strong air conditioning in the restaurant, and the fact our food probably had sat a while to be served, meant the food on top was cold, digging down we found a few warm pieces before they swiftly cooled too. On the duck tacos a cranberry sauce had been added that seemed cold enough to be straight from the fridge, chilling the already cooling duck down to below tepid. Nachos were cold on top too. It was all quite tasty but as not fans of cold meat it was a relief when one of the dishes ordered didn't turn up in time! Also, why no plates?. We were getting in a huge mess with Nachos and Taco's and one serviette each. Looked around but couldn't get the staff's attention for more serviettes, and noticed no one else seemed to have a plate either! Thank goodness I had tissues in my bag to help us clean up. Won't be returning I'm afraid. 
One would think this place would be prepared for game day crowds. First clue should have been the host trying to fix the broken door and ignoring the guests waiting at said door.  
Celebrating birthday. 
Myself and husband have been to La Iguanas in other parts of the Uk and had no issues. This was our first time in the Wembley restaurant. There were no issues getting a table. Myself and husband ordered the blazing chicken (half chicken) each with fries. The food wasn’t long coming, the chicken was fine but we literally had about 10 fries each. This was poor and made the meal really bad value for money and spoiled the experience for us. Lead about of fries we have ever had at a La Iguanas and for the price we paid it wasn’t worth it.  
In fairness I am no expert on Turkish cuisine but none the less I found it quite bland and some of the kebab meat was tough, the staff however were friendly and price reasonable. 
Expereienced a dull lunch here. The place lacks style and energy. 
the restaurant is amazing.........very beautiful ......but the food and the staff is very very poor  
We had been recommended here....To be fair don't know too much about this cuisine, but I do know if meat is cooked properly, I found the meat to be quite tough but that might be how they like it, staff were good. Was very disappointed with the overall look of the place, looks like your run of the mill takeaway, not for me, I like a restaurant to look like a restaurant, would never recommend to any of my friends, not for a night out. 
I ate dinner here around 8pm on a Saturday night. A DJ was paying music at an extremely high volume, it was like trying to eat in a nightclub, not relaxing atall. My friend and myself were shouting across the table to make ourselves heard. The food was underwhelming and the toilets were a mess.  
Could have been good, but for the screwed up order, several lumps of gristle in my burger, and someone else's hair in the sauce. I told this to the lady working there and I kind of felt her response was that, as tourists, we wouldn't be back anyway. Fortunately, we had many other great meals elsewhere. 
Visited for my birthday with my friend and baby. 
I sent a private message to Flaming Cow, to share my feedback first...my message was read immediately, but alas, no response. So, to TripAdvisor I go... 
Well this place really just is not up to the usual standards of this chain. We went for a celebration and ended up very disappointed. The only reason that they have a 2 star review rather than 1 star is that they made an effort and have offered us a free starter each if we go again after my girlfriends' reveiw. 
As a couple we enjoy treating ourselves to turtle bay for some good food and great cocktails. But on this occasion we had terrible terrible service. Booked table for 16.30 but had to wave someone down at 17.00 for service. Numerous members of staff which looked like managers walking past us joking with other staff members. We could hear them swearing behind the tills. Even after all this we was still ignored and had to try and grab attention from staff to order food or cocktails. We should of just left but usually we have such a great time. It was a real let down this time especially on our anniversary where we just wanted to chill and have a laugh turned into a right pain.  
After visiting on many occasions and experiencing a pleasant time having a drink and/or eating in the garden it was a nasty surprise to be confronted by hordes of shrieking, out of control children today. Irresponsible parents thought it appropriate to ignore their children running amok around the garden to the detriment of all the other patrons. The noise and disturbance was so intolerable we were forced to move table to a quieter area. We were not alone. Numerous others voiced similar concerns around us. Staff are efficient and friendly but need to address this problem in addition to the fact that most of this ‘mob’ had brought their own food to eat in the pub garden. 
Let's start with the positives. We took advantage of the summer deal where kids eat free :) thank you! And the food was great. The burritos were delicious, sizeable and devoured by all.  
We came here on a busy Friday night. Never mind the food, we waited an hour for our drinks! We weren't even given water. When the food came it was very disappointing. Many of us paid £18 for the 'Jerk tray' expecting a huge plate of food, only to get a slightly larger than normal platter. The cocktails are £8 each and, although nice, seriously overpriced. Not a great experience. 
a very good start to the evening nice food good music ok drinks staff doing their best..fire door left open with a very cold breeze coming in ..all in all a good family atomephere.than came the second part after main meal..the so called night turned into a nightmare with drunks entering onto dance floor pushing family members all over the place ..what were security doing no control...I WOULD SERIOUSLY WARN FAMILY PEOPLE BE CAREFUL AS WHAT I NOTICED WAS A LOAD OF PEOPLE ENTERING MOST HAD ALREADY BEEN DRINKING HEAVILY...a great shame as it was a nice evening but spoilt...AS a licensees myself do the council know about this especially with children about....THIS DEFINATLEY NOT RECOMMENDED TO FAMILIES wanting to take their kids....thanks charan 
This was a let down. 
food is reasonable, however, management really spoil the night, same old story, same DJ, fire door left open, nearly 10 years on, no change, better go to Ghurkha valley or other places like station 31, everest, fuslier pub i down the road is really great compared to this place! or better still Panthers in ealing road. 
What a shame that the quality of the food has gone downhill. Bland cod and bland chicken tonight. Also weird that the carrots were boiled when served with humous. Not a great starter either. It used to be fab. 
Sadly on out last visit we were overcharged on the set menu which was 3 courses. But we were charged for the puddings we ordered on the set menu for 2 people. We did not noticed until after we left. Service was slow and poor. However the food quality was good. 
The food was good but they charged us £5.00 for a tiny bowl of olives about 4 not very good olives . They said they had included the tip in the price but then charged us a service charge on the extra drinks which I think was terrible .They were not very friendly and argued the point . I have been to Rickmansworth ZAZA which have friendlier staff. I will not be rushing back and this is a shame because the food was good. They take advantage of groups and over charge them . 
track and trace re COVID19 regulations was done only on person booking, as we were from 5 different households this was wrong. Asked to move table and then our table was not cleaned for 20+ minutes, given paper menus that had grease spots on, and a pile being repeatedly used on bar not thrown. Tables were too close together and people expected to sit too closely on same table. Service very slow. Staff not wearing masks/gloves when serving. Restaurant was full by time we left. Other tables not cleaned immediately at other points in visit. Bill was not accurate, had 2 items on that we had not had. 
I have just been to this restaurant for the second time and come away very disappointed. The service was very disorganized with the emphasis on 2 tables having what looked like a wedding sample. I know what to expect here as I have experienced it running perfect as it should be. Our table was not offered water until we had finished our starters,also the bread was very slow arriving and not offered anymore or a top up on the butter unlike the tables around us I noticed. When my main arrived the lamb was so tough and chewy it was actually inedible. When the waitress came to clear our plates I told her this but she could see I had left it and said I will tell the chef. Well weather she told him or not I was not given any sort of explanation or apology from anyone! My wife had coffee and asked for hot milk and low and behold;d to top it off it was cold. Come on get it right and stop putting higher paying customers (wedding packages) before anyone else treat everyone the same!! 
We were a party of people celebrating a birthday and visiting this restaurant for the first time. When we arrived the first thing I noticed was how cold it was. Sitting with our backs to the main doors didn't help either on a very cold day in December. The waitress told us it would soon get warm from the body heat of other customers! But it didn't! The heating wasn't on at that time, but a short while later it was put on. Unfortunately the heat was trapped by the seating so we didn't benefit from it. Our coats were soon put back on again. The service not very pleasant as not a single waitress smiled. It was a while before we got our main courses. The food was ok but my cheese garlic bread was disappointing. The bread was slightly burnt and too crispy and the cheese dip was separate. This soon solidified. Pointless! When we complained about the heating again and that we also felt a draught, thinking it may be air conditioning, she told us they don't have air conditioning! By now the heating was off again. 
Visited this restaurant a lot over the years and used to be top food. But last 2 visits the meat dishes have been inedible. 1 was lamb, so fatty that I struggled to find the meat and 2nd was a beef Wellington. As we all know it comes up medium/rare so you should be able to cut through with ease. But it was impossible to get a knife through it, it was full of muscle and had to leave it. When we said the meat was tough, there wasnt a sorry, just took the plate away and we saw the waitress take to kitchen and try cutting it, as if we were lying. So we decided on that note that we wont be visiting again. I also agree with the coldness of the restaurant, if you sit to the left of the bar you get a draft from the door out the back that gets opened for supplies and fag breaks and sometimes left wedged open by the staff (nr toilets). Then if you sit in the line of the main door, then you have no chance of getting warm with the flow of people in and out. It's a shame as I used to love this little restaurant. The service needs to up its game, otherwise risk losing a lot of business, I'm afraid you cant sit back and expect people to still come if the food is also lacking quality. 
This is my 3rd review of Friends in Pinner, however my 1st since under a new chef.  
You could do yourself a favour and go to the pub next door for a burger and save a fortune. My partner took me here for dinner and I was shocked at the cost. A small can of beer was £3.75 and that was just for starters. We had two dirty cow burgers and chilly fries four beers and that cost just over £60. To be fair the burgers were ok but nothing to write home about. Will not go back again 
Ordered a delivery to celebrate a birthday during lockdown. Order initially rejected and had to re-send the order....then they forgot about it. After a phone call they eventually delivered our meal which arrived an hour and a half late. Food was excellent so we thought the oversight was a one off. Ordered again for anniversary, order placed online only for us to get a call the day before to say they were ‘rejecting’ our order. The restaurant had decided not to open the kitchen that evening after all. Another special evening spoiled. Delicious food....if you can get it. 
Do not use you cc/debt card if you do keep a close eye on it at all times and make sure its your card you get back the bar staff are the culprits dont take my word for it see for your self otherwise ok place nothing fancy 
First visit...and last, sadly. 
Really enjoyed the food however was really disappointed with how long we had to wait for the food and to pay the bill. I had to approach a waitress to ask to pay for the bill as we waited for over 30 minutes. 
Starters ok, main meal terrible, meat very unappertising, each very small bowl of carrots, mash, etc was £3.95.Creme brulee very runny, bread and butter pudding very stodgy. The meal for 3 was over £140, definitely won,t be going back. 
Wish the music and DJ were better. I asked for the announcement of our anniversary, but could not hear whatever he said clearly enough; names were pronounced wrong as well.Request for song was refused.The fixed menu for £20 is not good. However, the service was good. 
Starter salmon salad no flavour bland ...ginnocchi good , my sister had turkey dinner which was pub standard if that and certainly not worth £24 there was one other diner but had to ask for menu after sitting for 10 mins , once served staff were very pleasant . Dead flowers in vase would not return .  
Very disappointed today. Terrible service. Asked for starter to be served after pre Lunch drink but was dropped 
Went to Zaza's for a works night out. Staff all seemed naffed off serving us and it all seemed too much trouble. We asked for table water and the young lady sighed in disbelief. Food was slow however, very average. Overall not the best dining experience.  
We visited las iguanas in Wembley a couple of years ago and the food and service was amazing, unfortunately that was not the case this time. The service when we arrived was ok, apart from the waiter got the drinks wrong, we then ordered our food which was delivered very quickly in about 5 mins, we ordered 5 dishes and none of them was very hot. We wanted to order more drinks but even though there was a lot of waiting staff no one would look at you so could not get anyone's attention. The couple that sat next to us were completely ignored, the manager intervened in the end. We decided not to have anymore drinks so waited about another 20 mins before someone made eye contact to get the bill. The bill arrived after about ten minutes they had already put the service charge on. I would not have paid it ut my husband was paying the bill. I would not go here again, I don't feel they care what service they give as they are always going to get passing trade not really bothered about returning trade. Don't waste your money. 
Slightly annoying that when buying cocktails you have to by 4 instead of 2 unless you both choose the same drink. Its much better they charge £5 each cocktail rather £10 basing it as buy one get one free.  
we have been to Masti now couple of times, though the food is excellent but everything else is shabby. esp dance floor is like total chaos. most of the men seems to come from clumsy and illiterate background just pushing everyone around especially girls. the bouncers try to control the crowd but threw the weight around couple of frail boys and just ignored the actual hooligans. management should think of hiring some real bouncers who have some 'balls' instead of sissy ones who chickened out everytime there was a need. DJ is like someone from B grade Indian baraat 'band master'.. had no sense of dance floor numbers and played some random non coherent music. I dont think its value for money for saturday night. 
We keep coming back hoping it will be better. It actually keeps getting worse. Service is grim, the food just keeps getting worse each time. out last meal was burnt...Burger was burnt and not juicy, sweet potato fries burnt and chicken wings burnt. Inconsistent service and inconsistent food every single time 
Have eaten here countless times, but felt really let down on our last visit. 
Came for lunch yesterday and did not realy enjoy it. 
Lovely setting and polite staff.  
Was really concerned that the tables were not socially distanced so when we were offered a table by the window where would have been barely 1m away from the next person we asked for a different one. No face coverings worn by the staff who went from table to table - felt a little unsafe in the current climate. Choice of food was limited but what we had was ok. Baklava was very disappointing - have had this abroad and here before. Only choice of 3 desserts which were also quite pricey for what you had, especially the ice cream. Shame as in a nice setting. 
Ive been a regular customer for some years. Tonight as per lockdown I used the app to place my order and was advised a time to pick having pre paid. I waited some 25 minutes passed my requested pick up time whilst the staff dealt with every delivery driver who seemed to be placed in a higher priority list before any customer being served despite arriving later than others.The staff in the meantime batted back calls on the phone of incorrect orders 
We visited recently for a birthday treat. The staff were attentive and the food was edible. However we were dissatisfied with both of our main courses. We ate steak & chips, the chunky chips were nice but the steak was tasteless. The second dish was lamb with cauliflower purée, the lamb was nice but the whole dish (which smelt delicious) was spoilt by the seasoning, which was unpleasant & over powering, I ended up eating it with bread to cover some of the taste. We were hungry & ate the dishes, the waitresses asked if the dishes were ok, we didn’t complain but I had hoped that she would pick up on my lacklustre repose & ask further questions . the meals were barely ok and not of the standard we were expecting..... 
Lived up to its name. Although the owners certainly won’t be poor boys!  
We waited over an hour for food, received the wrong order and the food was luke warm at best (the chips had gone really soft and the shrimp had gone chewy).  
Used to really enjoy the food here but sadly it’s lost it’s edge and quality. Won’t be using again. In addition, had to wait too long 
Went to poor boys after a few friends had given it really good reviews and raved it was a must try!  
Maybe a quiet day, but the service was not very good, servers talking at the service counter and not paying attention to customers. In any event the food was not inspiring, yet another burger joint that cooks all its burgers well done, no option for anything else, which means they have their burgers delivered and not made on the premises.  
Disappointed with service. Found a llng blond hair in the dish. When challenged, the waitress offered to removed it by hand and keep the dish. We think the restaurant has been taken over by new owner. We will not eat there again. VERY DISAPPOINTED. 
The food was alright although a wrong burger was delivered at first but quickly resolved. However I was appaulled with the service. I am a local and I have been here once before where I was the only person in the restaurant at the time and I felt like I was constantly being stared at. Although this experience has put me off for life, the waiter kept approaching us although it was clear we weren't ready to order to the point where we rushed so he would leave us alone. As soon as we finished he made sure to collect our plates and then gave us our bill even though we didn't ask for it. He then approached us with the card machine even though we intended to stay there and chat, possibly order a few drinks. We were rushed out of there even though we had only been there just over an hour also there were a lot of tables around so everyone could've easily been seated. Ruined my night as I hadn't seen my friend in a long time, really wish we had gone to byron instead. 
We waited over 35 minutes to get in and I thought that was a good sign, unfortunately it was not. 
It’s been a while since we’ve last gone but decided to go this Sunday. The food was average - the 4 x starters were tasty, mains had 3 x non veg and 2 x veg were average, plus rice and naan, which was very dry.  
The whole place needs redecorating and cleaning up. 
The food was good and portions are generous, sadly the service was terrible. 
We arrived here for a meal mid week. We happened to be passing through the area and after reading the good reviews online we thought we would give it a try. Another reason we chose this restaurant was because they partook in the 241 Tastecard offer.  
Very surprised to see staff without face masks when they get so close to customers whislt taking orders and serving. What is the reason for this? I know it is not compulsory for restaurants to do so, but common sense says one should. 
I was looking forward to my dinner at Poor Boys after hearing about the concept and the place was busy which I like to see. Sadly, the service was ineffectual and food was of average quality. Certainly below the quality expected for the price. Gristly ribs and fatty pork belly - even the barbecue sauce was distinctly 'ok'. Nowhere close to your classic Louisiana fare. 
My last visit to the Canbury was very disappointing. Food was over cooked and sloppy presentation. I had the cumberland sausage dish..sausage was dry and overcooked, it certainly hadn't been cooked to order, it felt like it had been sitting the oven for hours. My friend ordered the steak and kidney pudding. 90% kidney to 10% steak. I mentioned this to the very helpful waitress, whom I thought might pass my comment onto the chef, but she didn't, when I asked her at the time of paying the bill. I've eaten in the newly refurbished Canbury at least 5 times since it was under new management, and it was very good...it's a shame it's slipping! 
Food was good, no complaints. But the restaurant is way too overcrowded and incredibly loud, really uncomfortable to be honest. Staff great but wont be recommending. 
We went to this restaurant for my daughters birthday. Very disappointing. Food is overpriced for the quality and the quantity. Kebabs and rice did not taste fresh. We ordered 8 dishes , chicken skewers and Lamb Kofte and it did not have much flavour but above all it was luke warm especially rice. The restaurant ambience is nice but it was completely empty. Service was very slow, only 1 person around. I had high expectations of this place but unfortunately it didn’t meet it. We eat out quite regularly and there are many similar restaurants in nearby areas which are much better value for money as well as enjoyable experiences with good quality and better food. It’s exorbitant for the price I paid £164. I would not recommend or revisit this restaurant again. I really don’t know how anyone on this page has recommended this restaurant! We all felt sick after eating the food. Terrible experience. I don’t believe the food was cooked on site as I saw a guy come in with a green plastic bag and leave straight away. I think the food was delivered from somewhere and that’s why it wasn’t hot. Another couple came in as we were finishing our lunch, as we left we saw the lady call the waiter and question the freshness of the chicken. They didn’t look pleased with their food. This place is just a rip off, I would rather have eaten fast food than this. 
I joined my extended family to celebrate a family birthday. We had a lovely space in the private dining area, but we did have to share the space (bit not the table) with another party.  
Having heard good things, my partner & I and another couple came here for dinner. We wanted to go with the Set Menu 2 - which is for 2 people but my friend's girlfriend is a vegetarian so we asked whether they could do the set menu for three and she could choose her own meal. The waiter said no - he said that this menu could only be done in twos which is totally ridiculous! 
Went here last Friday evening on my way to a concert. It was relatively quiet which helped sway my choice, error!  
We went to Friends for a special family meal, having not been for some time. We were expecting great good, a lovely setting and great service as we'd previously experienced. 
Where can I start? Positives? 
What a disappointing experience. 3 couples out to celebrate a birthday. 
This place has been given a major make-over - so extensive that the previous establishment is now unrecognisable. The sheer amount of fake art on the walls and the excessive use of cushions and 'leatherette' banquette seating all scream of a very corporate 'look'. It has been mind-bogglingly 'over-done' and can no longer be called a 'pub'. Half the wall art would have been enough and a tad more tasteful. Some of the textiles,chairs and tables are attractive but there is so much of everything that it is somehow overwhelming and yet nothing stands out - not what you'd expect to find in a sleepy backwater of Kingston. The flavours in the food I had were good but there was so little filling in the wrap I tried - it didn't represent value for money and the food was disappointing overall. The chips were weird - chunky, which is ok but clearly not freshly cooked. It wasn't busy at all when I visited so I was even more disappointed in the service - I had to prompt for menus and for orders to be taken. Staff seemed friendly and polite but just not aware of the value and importance of giving visitors a really good customer experience. In all, I think the quality, charm and service that this place had before has been lost. If it was in the middle of Kingston I can see the concept possibly doing well with a young, undiscerning crowd...where it is - I think customers expect much more in terms of quality, value and service. Shame... 
I love Turkish food. I've eaten quite a lot of it here and while travelling. So I was quite looking forward to this but I have to say the food was a disappointment for the amount of money charged. Whilst there was nothing 'wrong with it' I've consistently had more tasty Turkish food in decent kebab houses. It was early in the evening but the ambience was a bit sterile and the portions fairly small. £5 for a bottle of water. The waiter was friendly enough, but he had the cheek of adding in service to my bill without asking first. When I challenged him about this he said they had always done this since the restaurant opened (??). He took it off in the end but not before I was made to feel stupid about it. Which took the overall experience from an average 3 to a poor 2. Plenty of better options around. 
Having previously been to the Crown before with excellent food, we went this time for our Wedding Anniversary. We pre booked a table and on arrival were given a table not in the main part of the dining room, but more in the pub side. It was extremely busy. Our order was taken and a short wait for our starter, however we waited over an hour for the main course. The staff only approached us once during this time after about 45 mins to ask if we were all right and told us the kitchen was busy. When the main course eventually arrived one meal, a was under cooked and not enjoyable. We were given a very small discount and an apology, but not the anniversary celebration were were hoping for and certainly not good value for money. 
visited with friends just before football game at lunch time and despite fact that it was still empty waiters were more interested in chatting together rather than taking our drink orders, quesadillas were burned and calamari under cooked and battering was falling apart...my friend ordered salad without onion and it came loaded with it...and a cherry on top was the waiter who took our payment and then came after 25min while we were finishing drinks and tried to take payment once again...we have visited many of their restaurants but this one gave us one of the worst experiences ! not planning another visit. 
We had been to their restaurant in Surbiton previously and One One Four should have been great. 
How can you charge top prices for a Sunday roast and not serve Yorkshire pudding that’s on the description. When queried was told they had run out.!!! 
Having been to this restaurant in September 2016 and enjoyed it, we were looking forward to another meal.  
A tad disappointed given this is the first time we ate here under the new Mangement that took over in the beginning of 2018. The people working their were very polite but they need to be more attentive to each table. Once the first dish were finished the empty plates needed to be taken away and the drink glasses needed to be refilled. The food: I requested Medium to well done Lamb with glazed carrots with mash potatoes. What arrived was rare to medium Lamb, very overcooked carrots but a smashing and tasty mash. My wife enjoyed her Halibut also pointing out the overcooked carrots. A pleasing note was that the Red wine was superb which masked the taste of my Lamb and carrots. Will we return, not too sure.....maybe teething problems so perhaps maybe give it another try later in year. The location is great and there has been no change to the decor as yet but still a fine quaint place to site in, just hope the food improves like a good wine? 
The spices cover all the flavors. The dishes change only for consistency. 
Expensive but good sized meat portion. Rather shocked at the £10 charge for 4 ...yes 4 chapatis.  
Visited with a group of mum friends and babies. We kept ourselves to ourselves and cleaned up well on leaving. It was during the day so very quiet - only a few other customers, mostly with babies. We were made to feel like they were doing us a favour by letting us come in for a drink. Given that Kingston is primarily made up of families - and during the day mums on maternity leave are going to be a big customer base - I think the pub really need to re-think their attitude towards families. The blurb on the website that they welcome 'well behaved children' is patronising. They would do well to take note of other pubs in the area who are very welcoming to families e.g. The Coconut & The Norbiton. It has only been re-open a few weeks and I have already heard a lot of families complaining about the treatment they have received there. 
Very disappointed with the service, arrived at 8pm after pre booking 2 weeks in advance, table for 6, we sat there, trying to catch the attention of a staff member until 8.35, the waitress took our drinks order but had to come back 3 times to check our order, she took our food order, and we waited untill 9.30 after us saying unless they hurried up we was leaving as we was meeting friends, when the food arrived it was really lovely, when we had finished we asked for the bill, and was overcharged, i wouldn't go back again, very poor service, not enough staff, and staff they have don't seem to know what they are doing. 
I used to go to Friends regularly, and went there with my wife for the first time since it was taken over  
My niece treated me to lunch at Friends on Good Friday, but there was little which was good. The restaurant was empty except for us. The service was definitely not warm, frosty at best. The menu failed to inspire or take into account the essence of Good Friday. Instead Pollock which is a poor excuse of fish was the only fish available as a main meal. I opted for the Mackrel pate as my main but it was so raw I only managed a few mouthfuls. My niece opted for the lamb which was accompanied with the smallest potion of mash I have ever seen, a baby would have been left hungry. For dessert I looked forward to my Passion fruit Creme Brûlée which would have been delicious except for the burnt top. My niece opted for the Bread & Butter pudding but was disappointed by the orange topping. And to add to dismal event our first Kir Royale's were served flat and void of bubbles and at our request they opened another bottle of Champagne! The sourness of the service was topped when at 3pm the blinds where shut and we were forced to finish our champagne or risk getting locked!  
First time we have tried this new restaurant in Welling.The food was tasty especially the prawns.Unusual sized portions for a tapas restaurant.We were full on just 4 dishes between 2 of us.Service I agree with others is disorganised,be prepared to get your dishes one by one rather than dipping into all you order across the table!which was disappointing as only 8 others were seated in the restaurant which we thought it was odd being a tapas to get such slow service.It made me think the chef was struggling to get all the different dishes out at the same time.A suggestion maybe a little more hands are needed in the kitchen?The men's toilet was wedged open and not very private so my partner thought.The bill quite costly for what we received..unfortunately we won't be back. 
We came for my brother in laws birthday meal on a Saturday night. The restaurant is very small so at full capacity cramped is not the word. We were squashed by a door and next to a coat hanger! To leave the place to get outside was like an obstacle course, some ways were just impossible to get through. Not the kind of atmosphere I desire to be honest. I appreciate it is small but why over fill for greed?  
Visited the restaurant with my family. Looks lovely from the outside and the decor inside is really nice. I am gluten free and dairy free and notified the restaurant upon booking. When we got seated at our table I asked the waiter what I could have that was gluten free and dairy free and he told me I could have anything?! I knew straight away that wasn’t the case so I then had to ask somebody else. There wasn’t many starters I could have that were both gluten free and dairy free but was advised the Chicken Chaat Masala would be ok. For main I ordered the Chicken Rogan Josh with Coconut Rice and Sag Aloo. The chicken came in a big bowl so straight away I thought wow the portions are huge, well I was wrong! I think I had about 3 pieces of chicken and the rest was the sauce and halved cherry tomatoes, the rice was the worst rice ever and I can’t believe I paid £4.90 for it! I have had better microwave rices! It tasted so powdery as if coconut flour had just been poured into it. My side dish was tiny and I had about 4 chunks of potato. The dishes lacked flavour and I have had much better elsewhere unfortunately. We were asked if we would like to see the desert menu. To my delight I saw they do a Gluten Free Chocolate Cake. The cake arrived with a chocolate wafer in. I asked another waiter if this was gluten free and he looked extremely alarmed and took the desert straight off me. Lucky I had asked if it was definitely gluten free and didn’t dive straight in. They obviously do not take food allergies and intolerances very seriously and some memebers of staff are not trained regarding this. The cake was brought out to me again, this time with no wafer, it was probably the driest cake I’ve ever tasted! We definitely will not be returning due to the above. Do not visit this restaurant if you have food allergies or intolerances, I shouldn’t have had to ask different waiters/staff the same questions to finally get an answer. 
Tapas was very good, however it was somewhat overshadowed by being charged £18 for a small jug of Sangria and £7.50 for a liqueur coffee, slightly overpriced for welling! 
We were given a table well away from the main part of the restaurant. Having asked about the spice level of one of the dishes (they said it was not a sweet dish but did not say that it would blow my head off) the curry they brought out was far too hot and incapable of being consumed. Staff not overly friendly either.  
Nice building and garden and a good range of beers. However, on our second visit we stood the bar, which wasn't that busy, while bar staff did everything but make eye contact or serve. We gave up waiting and left. As we walked down the road we discussed that we may have been hasty, and then we saw the Alba and we are grateful for that..  
One of my favourite local venues for lunch and dinner, food is always imaginative, varied and tasty catering for all palates and vegetarians. Saturday lunch with two girlfriends in advance of it birthdays next week. Every table family with small children and babies, pushchairs littered around etc. Crying toddlers, shaking rattles and parents pacing around juggling them up and down. Is there anywhere now with an adult environment? Disappointed  
The food was excellent - but the restaurant staff were awful. They didn't top up glasses from the opened wine bottle, never asked if we were enjoying the meal, never thanked us when we left the restaurant - and automatically added a 12.5% surcharge!!! Service is better in your average coffee shop. 
Been here a few times and usually find it all very good. Today I went at lunch with my wife and ordered a steak cooked medium. It turned up almost well done so I asked the waitress to please check. I have never sent a steak back before for bring cooked slightly more than medium but this was cooked way more than I asked. She was at pains to make it clear that it was medium when it clearly wasnt and that I didn't know what I asked for and must indeed want medium rare. So she proceeded to loudly shout over to the chef that I had misordered and wanted medium rare. She then delivered me a steak which was rare. It was so bloody it was the most rare steak I've ever had (I wrongly didnt take a picture as I'm sure her response will be that I didnt know what I wanted..). I didnt have time to ask again so we ate and waited for bill as needed to be somehere. No service was forthcoming in a restaurant that wasnt busy. We waited some more time but needed to leave. She didnt return to the table for quite a while at which point I put my coat on as we needed to go. At that point she decided to come with the dessert menu and seemed surprised we didnt want anything other than the bill given we were sat there ready to go. 
Visited for Sunday lunch and seated upstairs by the friendly and charming (French?) waiter. The service was perfect throughout the meal but the meal itself was underwhelming. The Sunday lunch choices are dismal and archaic for vegetarians (my friend had a smattering of roasted vegetables sandwiched between two bits of puff pastry). My starter of 'prawn cocktail' was unimaginative dry prawns with no dressing of any kind stuffed into a ramekin on top of some chopped iceberg lettuce. Not even a grating of salt or pepper adorned this visually unattractive dish. My main of poached salmon was correctly poached but the sea of hollandaise sauce was again under-seasoned. I had to finally squash feeling of being rude and ask for pepper/salt (which slightly pompously aren't left on the table). The desserts sound delicious but it was the first time I have ever sent a crime brûlée back unfinished (far far too sweet). The bill is not cheap for the area (£45 for three courses including a glass of wine and coffee) which offered an abundance of 'chain' restaurants who all provide more value. If independent restaurants want to survive in this climate they really do need to focus on providing more quality for people who are trying to support them. The price is what I expected to pay but was disappointed in the meal itself as had good memories of this place from 5years ago...perhaps it was just a bad day for the chef!  
I was inclined to give a zero, but my husband said his turkey was good and we had a lovely server, so one for each. 
A group of 6 of us visited Chupitos recently. We arrived a little early for our table at 730pm and were told to wait by the bar, which we were happy to do. It then reached half 7 and we were told our table was still being used by a family who had just ordered their desserts. We were told the family knew that their time was up and that they had to finish their desserts and go, this made us feel uncomfortable as we felt like we were watching them eat willing them to finish so we could sit down! There was an empty table of 6 which we asked twice if we could have instead of waiting and eventually the restaurant agreed. We then had to ask for someone to take our order as we had been waiting a while, we then also had to ask three times for our bread baskets and olives which was very frustrating. The food eventually came and it was delicious, we really had no faults there, however one of the party ordered a main dish which we had requested to arrive with the tapas but, again, we had to ask for her meal, we also had to request drinks a few times. I appreciate the restaurant was busy but we were really dissapointed with the service we received and it has now put all of us returning. 
I think I summarised it all in the title.  
Its all about the balance in life what ever you do......... 
The staff are friendly but the food is average and the service is disorganised. The wings were warm not hot. The prawns were nice. Some of our order was forgotten about the manager said they dropped it in the kitchen and the waitress told us she forgot to order it lol  
We have been regulars to Lomito over the years and have always rated it. However, this month we discovered that, unless you specifically ask for the service charge to be removed from the bill and pay this separately in cash, the staff only get 50%. In other words, the OWNER KEEPS 50% of the service charge that is added to the bill by default, when you pay by credit or debit card. We only learnt this having asked the waiter if they get to keep the full service charge. I consider this sharp practise by the owner and not at all transparent, and particularly greedy. For this reason Lomito has dropped in my ratings. 
Very disappointed by Galata Pera and sad at the unprofessionalism of the manager who continued to get upset, sulk and make inappropriate remarks and one staff member who seemed reluctant to provide us with a good service. The food we found to be average was also burnt the lamb and chicken wings were burnt and cubed lamb was full a fat and chewy and the rice was soggy not work the price at all and I've been to a few restaurants. We had pre-booked for a birthday celebration and there were around 20 guests; despite being told this there was no preparation made and so all orders were taken at the same time (when we all arrived) we waited up to 1 1/2 hours for our food, some orders were mixed up and when we commented ie said this is not my order we were told not to complain and "why people keep changing their minds". My 11 year old nephew was shouted at by the same manager even after being told to stop because he said he didn't want chips. Some of us also wanted to pay separately but the owner insisted on us paying altogether he was not flexible and in the end over charged us. The restaurant was empty that night apart from 9 other guests, he made money from us but his attitude was nasty. We will not be going back to eat there ever!! 
Dined here Saturday night. 
When you walk in, you think how was this hiding in Northwood. Staff are friendly and efficient. Starters were nice - actually one was delicious..... 
May I just say the service staff were really polite and friendly, a couple areas of improvement but in general they were very attentive. Unfortunately it took 45 minutes from the time we ordered until the time we received our starters. Finally when the food arrived it was bland and under seasoned which was really disappointing. Stay clear of the Mac and cheese as it’s extremely dry and not at all cheesy. The seating arrangement Inside is extremely cramped especially for smaller groups of 2-4. The food was very mediocre, nothing to shout about. 
Booked for an anniversary meal but didn't live up to expectations- poor service, overpriced compared to portion size and food served one plate at a time. On arrival we had to ask for the drinks menu and when we finally managed to place an order for five tapas dishes they were all bought out separately with at least a 10/12 minute gap in between each. The dishes themselves were disappointing - chorizo had a foul taste and the risotto balls came out dry and burnt without any sauce. After complaining we did receive a free desert but this did not got far enough to compensate the poor experience. Not ones to complain but feel that the overall experience was poor which is a shame.  
We had a chaotic experience here when we recently visited for a family Sunday Lunch. The service was extremely slow and disorganised with the waitress seemingly more interested in making derogatory remarks about other nearby restaurants than in actually doing her job.  
My son booked a table for ten members of our family in order to celebrate the birthday of one of my granddaughters. He chose this restaurant because he had dined there in the past and on that occasion considered it quite good. Also my granddaughter loves steak, so this seemed a good bet. Most of us did order steak, because steak is supposed to be their speciality. All I can say is that the steaks we had were mediocre, we didn’t send anything back to the kitchen, but we had all eaten much better steaks elsewhere. Also the service was slow and it wasn’t particularly busy, however the staff were good helpful, and friendly. There is ample parking nearby and good public transport links, however I really cannot recommend this restaurant. We definitely will not be dining there again there are much better steakhouses local to where we live near Watford in Hertfordshire. Also considering the low quality of the steaks this restaurant is expensive. The cutlery was typical of cutlery washed in a dishwasher not great, the tables could do with being cleaned more thoroughly. On the plus side the lavatories were above average. 
I hate writing bad reviews. There's nothing more delightful than enjoying a great meal and telling everyone to go and share some really good food. 
I treated my son to Sunday lunch in December. My son's main course was served warm, whilst mine was cold. The waitress apologised and returned the dish to the kitchen. After a long delay, in which time my son had almost completed his meal, mine was reserved on a red-hot plate, whilst the food was at best warm. 
Great starters prawn toast , satay and then dumplings great SO disappointed with Chicken In Ginger and Spring onion and their signature dish of Green Curry both like soup no sauce more like water dreadful . 
We were very much looking forward to having dinner at Friends. It's a quaint restaurant on the old high street and we had high expectations especially given the awards it had won. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed. We opted for the vegetarian dishes. The flavours really didn't work well together and the food was very much overcooked. Given the standard of cuisine, the prices were not appropriate - far too high. Will not return unfortunately. 
I ordered a take away last night,from Rienna's as a treat. I ordered the skate with saute potatoes and at £17.95 I was disappointed, the saute potatoes were burnt and more like crisps and the stake was on the small side. Its certainly wasn't value for money. 
We have been here twice before and had very enjoyable and delicious meals, however our last outing here was disappointing. 
My family and I had been here before on a few occasions, so chose this restaurant (Leftbank) within the hotel, to celebrate my mother-in-law's 82nd birthday. We'll, the food was so disappointing. The selection of food, in particular the mains buffet, was poor. The roast beef was burnt to a crisp. The lamb tasted of...I'm not sure what it tasted of but it certainly didn't taste of lamb. No one had the chicken so I can't comment on that. Probably the best section was the starters buffet. Quite a comprehensive selection. The desserts were pretty average. The custard was like water ! I was, like all the guests at the table, very disappointed in the quality of the food and for sure will not be returning here. The price you pay for this buffet is not cheap and therefore you expect something much better than what you'd get at the Toby Carvery.! . The service was probably the only good thing. No complaints there. I would not recommend going to this buffet based on my experience last night. 
Great food, terrible service, staff when we were there useless, did I not seem to know what they were supposed to do, did nothing and were admonished in front of us, perhaps better ways to manage performance. 
I called to book this restaurant on the 12th February for 6 people to attend on the 21st February. Made the booking and had heard good things about the restaurant. 
Lomitos is good. The food is very tasty but it should be considering the price. Despite about two dozen staff the service was OK, could have been better. The bill came and I had to pay nearly a tenner just for service charge! It wasn't optional either, it was added to the total. I'm not tight I will happily pay my waiter a few quid tip but 10 pound on top of the already high bill was just too much and totally unjustified. Again, the food is really good but it should be when it costs 25-35 per steak. Sides are average at best, it's all about the steak. The cocktails are good but again, very pricey. 
I have been a customer of S3 for years and have always enjoyed the food and service? 
Being a very good customer of this restaurant, yesterday I was left very disappointed. My sister and I had taken our mum here for her birthday lunch, the starters were fine, but main course was cold, after mentioning this to our waiter, he told the manager who came up with feeble excuses about them being busy earlier ( not our problem) then said they had a new kitchen, again not our problem, just kept saying he would tell the chefs, which I found very strange, do they not know their food is cold . Gave us two free diet cokes, big deal, it was the food we were complaining about. 
We could not get a table until 1.30pm. Fair enough. What is not fair enough is that the dishes were not replenished on the smaller buffets - at all during our luncheon visit. The dessert table was almost depleted - the cheese board gone. The salads on the starter buffet table were almost empty and were still the same way when we left. I don't think that is good enough quite honestly and cannot therefore recommend or think about returning unless you address this. I mentioned it to our waitress but all she said was she 'would pass it on'. Not good enough. What is embarrassing is that we took 3 friends there after telling them what a brilliant lunch we had had there last summer. It would seem that the the business diners get the fully stocked buffet and the paying guests who come in off the street get the left overs. I know how popular this restaurant is, but if you don't top up the dishes and the condiments, people will soon opt to go elsewhere. 
We went there on a Saturday night without booking and were told that they have only a table for half an hour. And we have to rush if want to eat. We were ok with that but unfortunately wrong decision. The food was awful. I ordered veg jungle curry which was so bland that I could not even taste the vegetables. The service was rushed and the food bland and without any taste.  
Personally, I find the rave reviews and high regard of this place baffling. I have been once for lunch, once for dinner and had a takeaway delivered. Every single time I have found it disappointing, bland, overrated and just not what it's cracked up to be.  
Went here after looking for independent coffee shops on line in Windsor and Cinnamon came up on the search results. Ordered a flat white and Latte and it was the worst tasting coffee tasted for a long time. We never ordered any food, so cannot comment on that. But, AVOID the coffee. 
It was our second time back as we really enjoyed the food on our first visit, however the service on this occasion let us down big time.  
We live about a 10 minute walk from this restaurant, but hadn't visited it for around 2 years. Sadly, if last week was anything to go by, standards have slipped quite considerably. 
I ordered 
frustrated and insulted to have ordered take away twice only to receive next to no meat in the main dishes. Thought it was just unlucky 1st time, however happening twice has proved that its been done on purpose. will not be back! 
Got a take away from here and was very disappointed the rice was so over cooked it was almost mash. The kebabs were average and the bread was not up to its usual standard. Not one of us finished our meal as it wasn’t enjoyable 
The restaurant is pretty although can be intrusive if a "loud table" are present as small room with low roof. 
Requested Malbec wine. The vintages listed of 3 I selected were not available and had been replaced by younger wines but still priced for the older ones listed.  
Perhaps our experience was the exception that proves the rule--the mediocre meal among the glowing reviews. We were two well dressed women there when the restaurant opened and were seated and served with disdain. We made the mistake of ordering the early bird dinners and were horrified to realize that they were reheated from lunch (we check the lunch menu to ascertain this). Our friends had a good experience the next night. But excellence requires that experiences like ours not be permitted to happen. 
My fiancé and I have wanted to 
Mains were inedible - we had to return to the kitchen. We were recommended the dish by the chef/proprietor, but he didn't have the decency to come to see us when we complained. 
We have often eaten here and tonight my young daughter called in on her way home to get a take away. She parked outside went in to collect the food the bill was £25 but she only had £20 in cash. She offered to pay by card which we have done several times in the restaurant but they wouldn’t accept it for takeaway. They told her there is a cash machine down the road. It was pouring with rain and she is a young girl on her own at night. What were they thinking. They clearly don’t care about their customers to send a young person out in the rain I think it’s appalling customer service. If they can take card payments in the restaurant then why not for take away it’s the same restaurant you go in the same door 
We again lunched as a family at the buffet. 14 of us in total, an annual visit for my Mums birthday celebration.  
A Bengali restaurant with below average food - portions very poor [e.g. 1 portion of rice was literally 3 tablespoons of rice! ]. Generally small portions of all other dishes. Took a very long time to prepare the dishes. Service was reasonably good. I just cannot understand why this restaurant was given the Curry Award several years running, makes me doubt the "Curry Award" Scheme. 
We would choose to eat lunch in Lara grill before it had been refurbished! Now it seems to be over priced! £13.80 for Salmon skewers!! This price used to be £9.50!  
Four of us went ro Riennas on 10th June as my friend has been many times before, this was my first visit. I was so disappointed at the quality of the food. I had prawn cocktail for a starter and although there was plenty of it there was no bread, glad we ordered some, and the prawns were very small thawed out from frozen. My husband had baby ribs and they were delicious. Me & my husband then ordered lamb & chicken mixed Sunday lunch from the set menu and both were tough. The carrots were hard and the cabbage was extremely overcooked and I left most of it. It was a little expensive too. I don't see us going back. Shame as the service was excellent 
The staff were very friendly, most welcoming, really a masterclass in small talk. 
A group of us decided to visit the Leftbank as we'd heard good things.  
Used to go here on regular basis but since the price change deffo won't be returning. I mean i would be happy with couple quid change but nearly £4 on majority of meals is ridiculous to me esp for a restaurant in Dagenham. Thanx but no thanx 
The ambiance, music and decor was good. Staff were polite and friendly and service was quick. 
I came here with my partner and his parents my partner had been before and was impressed. The service was good and the ambience of restaurant is nice. I had mussels and 2 of them didn’t feel cooked, the fries that cane with them were very fatty. Everything everyone else had looked good maybe I just made a bad choice. Nothing I had was amazing all was just okay. We noticed that some people must go there a lot as on their tables received some small tasters before their starters - we did not receive this and felt the service wasn’t as great if you weren’t a regular which was a bit disappointing. I probably would go again but it was okay.  
First of all, I just want to say that the decor of this place is a bit outdated. It felt like being in an old arab livingroom (tastewise).  
I have been many times, most of the staff are rude and the service is VERY slow. 
The main dishes were excellent. Specially the venison. The waiter serving drinks was rude, un amicable and made you feel unwelcome. It was nice to have table clothes but paper napkins didn't match  
We returned here for a family celebration as we enjoyed the food so much on our first visit. It's fair to say, this time we were totally disappointed. The food was not as good as we enjoyed on our first visit.The overpriced popadoms were stale so were sent back, not a good start! Portions, starters in particular, were ridiculously small for the price as comparatively you get more for your money at most decent, well established Indian restaurants. To be charged £3.50 for a plain naan is utterly outrageous. We didn't like the way the breads arrived cut into pieces, that is not how Indian fresh breads should be served. Incidentally, the prices found online were different to the restaurant menu prices. Though staff were friendly and attentive, basically the prices are extremely inflated for just "average" food. We will not be returning as there are far better Indian restaurants with tastier food at more reasonable prices. All in all my family and I are happy to pay good money for good food but do not like to be taken advantage of. When paying such a high price for a meal we also do not appreciate being rushed.  
We were a party of four. After reading the good reviews our expectations were high. Service was shocking. From the very long wait initially to ask if we would like drinks, to the surly attitude - especially when we had the need to complain about the lack of snail in 2 of the escargot! We we told 'it is hiding'. No apology, it was taken away and replaced with four out of the six (though one had already been eaten). One of the 2 steaks was not cooked to requirement. The smoked mozzarella ravioli was bland. After all of this we did not want to even try dessert. We ate at Meimo last night - and what a difference. Much better food and service for less. We would not recommend.  
Visited here for a friends birthday won't be going back again. Staff made us not feel welcome more like we was in the way. Ordered our drink not all of them were given to us had to keep asking for the missing ones. We had an 8 o'clock table didnt order till around 9 didnt get our mains till nearly half 10. Food was not very nice when we finally got it. Was not very impressed with this restaurant. 
This is the very first review that I have ever giver a poor review. I Ordered a bacon sandwich and a cup of tea. It was a good cup of tea and the friends I was with enjoyed their cake and coffee. Unfortunately the bacon sandwich I had was of extremely poor quality with the bacon all dried up and stuck together like a bit of leather. reluctantly I was encouraged to take it back by all the members of the group I was with. I did take back the part that I had not attempted to eat. I was offered another but really it should not have been sold to me like that as it was of such poor quality. I told them that I did not want another but they failed to offer me any alternatives. Just very poor. 
Have always loved the food here and have rated it very highly in the past. However, my daughter went there on Sunday at around 7p.m ordered chicken shish only to be told they didn't have any. Thought this was strange as it was still early evening. A few minutes later some other people were seated at a nearby table and they ordered and got chicken shish !! When my daughter asked why she was told here were none she wasn't given an answer 
I visited here with a friend on 23rd December 2016 for a pre-Christmas dinner! Big mistake ordering oysters - both of us had the worse Christmas ever as we were violently sick, had diarrhoea and unable to social with friends and family as planned. 
We were trying to avoid eating at one of the main chain restaurants in the train station and we loved The Cinnamon Cafe location. The coffee was tepid and the bacon bagel was a pretty poor excuse - no butter, with horrible dry, crispy pieces of bacon. We did inform the staff and we were offered a free lunch - we declined 
I've been wanting to come to this restaurant for quite a while. We booked for early dinner on a Saturday in April 2015. 
Sunday lunch on 19/2/17 the state very good the lunch no good look very good but no tasty and cold The food isa no no 
This used to be one of my favourite curry resturants and it has been some time since I last visited. 
Food was OK, but as we ordered together and it took so long to prep the jacket potato, some items got cold. Staff seemed disorganised; whilst I waited to collect our tray several set off with only a vague description of the person they were looking for, and a customer came back having been delivered someone else's food.  
Booked a table for 15 people last night (Sunday) at 6.30pm, all of us travelled a fair distance as we have all been there before as a group and service is usually OK. The last time we went we were a bit disappointed but decided to give it another go. The restaurant was pretty empty yet it took an unreasonable amount of time for our orders to be taken. Once we had asked if someone could take our order we were eventually served our starters an hour and a half after we had arrived. Staff were very keen to ask if we wanted more drinks (unfortunately for them the majority of us were drinking soft drinks so the plan to rack up our bill with alcohol failed), but seemed reluctant to serve us our food. Food was OK, nothing to shout about, have definitely eaten nicer meals there before. Staff seemed uninterested, disengaged and to be honest a bit rude. We were constantly being leant over, plates were thrown down, drinks were handed to us instead of being placed on the table and the waiters who took our orders had no idea who was having what when bringing items to the table. When the bill eventually arrived we were astonished by the price, extremely over priced and service charge was also added, which was a bit of a joke as the service was appalling. After paying just over £400 we were then told it wasn't correct which was a coincidence as the money was whisked away very quickly before anyone could really check it. We paid the extra just so we could get out after spending such a long time in the restaurant. I think all 15 of us will be making reservations at another Indian restaurant from now on. 
Went out for a simple night out paid over £120 for 4 people did not order much. Was very over prices over £30 for 6 pints seems well over priced food was ok  
Food okay but portions too large. Some items seemed pre cooked and not all food was hot! Staff seemed unable to cope with how busy it was. No one ever cane and asked us how the food was and we needed to ask them to come and remove the dirty dishes. There was a very long wait for food and we needed to ask them to come and take our order. Okay if you have all evening to stay for your meal but unfortunately we needed to go on to somewhere else! We’ve had better service there before but on this occasion it was sub standard to what I would expect!  
Visited lomito for Sunday lunch. Service was friendly but a little ott. Drinks were good but food was disappointing and overpriced. Wouldn't go back but choices are limited in northwood. Recommend to stick to steak as this was the best dish.  
Went last week to see if this restaurant had improved from my first trip. Decor is nice but once again I found the food all over the place. I am from South Asia but the food is a bit bland and has been made that way to please the European customers. I like my food the Punjabi traditional way where you can taste the spices. It was still an improvement but probably be my last visit. 
Popped into this restaurant for a spot of lunch. I ordered a burger for £12 pounds- what a disappointment that was. The bread was crumbing away , the patty was thick and non juicy and the fries were soggy. My wife ordered taftan which was clearly warmed and not freshly made at all. Service was below par - the waiter was clearly not engaging and practically in a rush to serve us.  
The lasagna "chef's speciality" was frozen inside. This is not only a sign of no fresh food, but even that there's no care for cooking. Ambient and service are about average. 
too much false exoticism and a very serious bill It my opinion and people are free to experience this Thai restaurant, 
Having visited this place a few times before I was pleased the have been invited to a family meal there. The food was good at the time and service was good, but i so not recommend any of their sea food as 3 of our party members ended up with sea food poisoning. The restaurant was not responsive when this issue was raised to them, this has now or me off going back again. 
People have raved to me about this restaurant and I simply don’t get it. The restaurant is badly dated in terms of decor. The steaks we order were cooked well but everything aeved with dry chips and pathetic salad slapped on the plate. Looked terrible: ordering took 30 mins! Table linen was stained and dry waiter kept trying to pour me wine when I was clear I don’t drink! 
I ordered, and paid for "Large cod and chips" , and was charged 9.80, that was fine. 
Read the reviews/ratings and decided to go and check the resturant out with my partner. 
This is my first review on Tripadvisor. I've never really felt compelled to leave a negative review before, even though I have eaten at places that deserved one. Poor Boys caught my attention a while back. It looks great from the outside (and inside) - they really have done a good job on the decor and I love downbeat creole home cooking, so I was sold. Also, the reviews are on the whole very good for this place. 
Having been to Rienna's before and really enjoyed it I was looking forward to returning to celebrate my birthday. The food was good and the service good considering how busy they were but our evening was spoilt by someone constantly smoking an ECIGARETTE and we could smell the vapour from it which totally put us off our food. This person must be a regular customer as the staff knew both of them well. I know it is not illegal but I feel very disappointed that this lovely friendly restaurant find it acceptable for their customers to use ecigarettes. Because of this we will not be returning. 
I ordered fish and chips via Uber Eats. I was persuaded by the "certificate of excellence" and the gushing reviews. The order came in good time and was well-wrapped (the stars for service technically are equally for Uber eats) but that was it as far as plusses go. Chips were ok but a bit stale with a fishy aroma. The cod had clearly expired some time ago and was the oddest shape - like a long tapered rolling pin with skin, covered in batter. It was chewy and disappointing. 
I are with my wife on a Friday evening. We booked a table and was shown to our table. We waited ages for someone to bring us a menu, as our waitress and a waiter lavished attention on the table next to us. After 5 minutes we had to interrupt and ask for a menu. We eventually ordered after waiting ages for the waitress to come back. The table next too is did not seem to have the same problem, they seemed to be getting great service. Our poppadoms arrived but the wine took so long we had finished the poppadoms by the time it finally arrived. 
6 of us visited here for an evening meal while visiting the area.  
Booked table for 8 persons for 8.30 arrived on time but we were still waiting for our main meals at 10pm thermals them came at different times and there was 10 mins between the first order and last . Would not be going again and would not recommend it for service  
Went for an English roast but it wasn't the best. Meat wasn't that tasty and portions not like a carveries. Atmosphere sells the place but it could be better. Lots of staff on hand 
Firstly let me say the hotel is lovely. The location is great. The Left Bank restaurant though was very disappointing.  
I was looking for a restaurant in the Barking area and this came up with great reviews, however, to my disappointment this turned out to be a cafe and more of a bar than an actual restaurant which is what i was looking for. 
Disappointing as the décor is very nice, but food was consistently poor and wine seemed overpriced (£9 for 175 ml Sauv Blanc) 
Was not up to my expectations as the fish was double battered and the chips was pre cooked( turkish style) this makes the chips soggy. 
We were a family of 4 and ordered a dish each. All ordered lachcha paratha and what we got was a burnt roti split into 4 pieces each. We had to stand our ground to challenge it and ultimately they replaced the rotis with a better version of rotisand charged us for only 2 instead of 3. The chicken dish was chosen from their speciality menu and was just edible. It didn't have any flavours as written on the menu card. We spent a lot of time waiting for the replacement Parathas and yet were charged 10% service charge. Avoid I would say. MatJana is more like the apt name for the restaurant. 
Visited this restaurant on recommendations from friends. Was extremely disappointed.  
I had high-ish hopes for this place, but it’s all marketing and no substance. I really wish people who go to the trouble of researching a cuisine like the the Po’Boy would care about the simple quality and authenticity that should accompany the look. Words like ‘buttermilk’, ‘Bourbon’ and ‘maple’ appear on the menu, but everything tasted like it was from the cash and carry. The exception was the Roast Pork which was tender.  
Before I mention the bad, I want to say the staff were friendly, and the food was nice. But this restaurant has countless issues that need to corrected. For starters, they need to place a menu outside their restaurant, it would be useful knowing what food they serve rather than walking in blind. Secondly the waiting times were absurdly long. My girlfriend and I were waiting almost an hour and a half to receive our order, which was shocking considering how simple it was to make and few customers there were. To try and make up for it they offered us a free coke each. The staff were bad at informing us at why or how long the food will be. At the end of the meal they gave us a lovely surprise of saying their card machine was broken, so I had to go to an ATM and pull out cash to pay for the meal. Once I paid for the meal it took over 10 minutes to receive the change. The waitress was just standing serving other customers with one hand on her hip and didn't apologise at all. 
Had been to Riennnas once before ( 4adults) and enjoyed our fish main dishes and were looking forward to returning for a family birthday- 6 adults. 
Obviously looking at all the favourable reviews for this place we seem to have been unlucky. I am fine with waiting staff not writing down orders but if you're the forgetful type (which our server appeared to be) then write the order down. One of our starters was not available but we were only told when the other starter arrived. We had to remind the server to bring our pork scratchings. The food took forever to arrive and we had to remind them a few times that we were waiting. What came was basically a filled roll with no garnish or anything else on the plate. It was disappointing and overpriced for what it was. The kitchen apparently closed at 7(!) so several people were turned away (lucky them). To cap it all we were offered drinks as an apology for the delay BUT they forgot to bring them until we reminded them! Sadly this fell well below expectations. 
I recommended your restaurant to my French teachers while visiting our home, I was sad to here about the service they receive from you tonight. They ordered a bottle of wine to share amongst four of them, the waiter poured the whole bottle into 2 large glasses, when the waiter understood his mistake, he returned with one small glass of complementary wine, still leaving them short of a glass of wine. As they finished there meal, the waiter then removed the tablecloth, making them feel it was time to leave, which is a shame as they said the food was good. My advice to the waiter is to study a little of the French culture around socializing after a meal, as then the wine flows..{££}. So Im afraid when I have visitors again I will not be able to recommend Shampan at Welling, sorry guys. Claire B 
Not impressed. its not just this place, but it seems that all jacket potato places are rip offs. outrageous mark ups. with a bit of grated cheese and a couple of spoonfuls of chilli, that same spud now became about £5.70! 
I am a regular visitor of Shampan. Once again the food was excellent with good service. Shampan isn't the cheapest of restaurants however the food is worth the money. 
Visited Assos with 11 other family members, celebrating 3 birthdays in our group. So disappointed, wish we'd stayed in with a takeaway!! The food was average at best, generally lacking flavour, extremely fatty Lamb, very overpriced for what was served up by the over stretched waiting staff. 
Been trying to get a table for a few months 
Food ok but waitress was rude wouldn't let sit at a different table when there was guite a few empty tables was put right under the counter where they sell food to take away  
This was my third or fourth visit to Cornucopia. I had previously found it to be a good if not outstanding restaurant- not part of a chain which is always nice. This night though was a disappointment fro start to finish. The staff seemed uninterested from the start. We waited a long time to place our order although to be fair the restaurant was heaving and extremely noisy. Our starters were adequate although expensive £6-£8 for a starter is too much-a small camembert tart, 2 small mushroom strudels and some baby squid were all tasty but on the small side for the prices paid. We then waited over an hour for our main courses. After 45 mins we were told it wouldn't be much longer and 15 or so minutes later they turned up. One of the orders was wrong (but having waited so long we decided not to mention that) and we were given two tiny plates of vegetables betewen four-allowing one small piece of broccoli each, a small amount of beans and carrots and about one and a half slices of dauphinoise potatoes each. The staff must have seen the look on our faces as they asked if there was something missing-we asked for more vegetables which were reluctantly supplied. By the time we had finished our mains it was after 10:00 (having sat down at 7:30) so we thought just a coffee to finish with. When the waiter enquired if we wanted dessert we replied no, but before we could ask for coffees he had flounced off. We had to flag down another waiter. All in all this poor service has made this probably our last visit-the staff were just not botheredand the food overpriced for what it was. 
Went to the Shampan 3 recently for an evening with friends. It was supposed to be a relaxed evening and time to catch up, in reality we experienced a rushed dining affair and felt pushed out of the restaurant in 1hr 15 mins! 
We had been so impressed last time we visited that we chose to go again to celebrate my partners son achieving his PhD. What a disappointment it turned out to be. Service was slow. Two cocktails had to be returned because of many insects floating in them! Disgusting. And the main course was inedible, over cooked, over reduced and dried out 
Came here for my 21st birthday meal with my family and I was soooooooo excited. I've seen this place all over Instagram and couldn't wait to bring everyone here.  
I had dinner with friend at Cornuccopia, based on TripAdvisor reviews. The 
Perhaps other dishes are better but the 'dirty boy' is in essence a plate of chips, a bit of middling quality meat on top, smothered with a tangy orange colored sauce. It's a tick beyond a fast food restaurant but the prices are higher. Still, staff are friendly and efficient. 
Decided to go here for mothers day. Booked for 8 and when we arrived after a little confusion amongst front of house we were seated. First impressions not good as the restaurant is very cramped, loud and not very tidy. Entrance is very steep and theres broken tiles just as you step inside.  
Our hopes were high on seeing all these good reviews and when the beyond-confident if preoccupied Irish waitress showed us to our seats, we felt we were in capable hands. We ordered the food and a couple of shots to start with that I paid for in advance. The place was half-empty, despite being a Saturday night, so we expected our shots would arrive pretty quick. Ten minutes later, no drink and for most of the time, no staff, as they were both upstairs so there was no-one all on the ground floor. I did chase up our drinks and got no apology just a defensive stare and ten minutes later, still no drinks. The two members of staff chatted away, the guy caressing the waitresses shoulders with that relaxed languid vibe of the truly bored. Later, I asked the waitress a second time for our drinks, now 20 minutes late. Again no apology, no drinks, no food. She went upstairs and after a while... we left. Lost our drinks money and didn't want to lose our seats at the theatre. It was arrogant. No empathy. No caring about us, just bored touching each other instead of attending to us. I'm sure the food is lovely when it does eventually arrive. What this place is crying out for is good management. They should take a trip to the Fallow Deer and see what quick, efficient friendly service looks like. They'd make twice the money in half the time. Really, really disappointing. My wife was livid. 
Since reading the trip advisor reviews I decided to visit the Cinnamon Café, I have to say although they have had good reviews, maybe they had a really bad off day. The bacon bagel was a bit hard, not too fresh and the bacon appeared to have been cooked and left for a long, long, while, so not fresh. The coffee was bitter and the taste was of burnt milk not of quality coffee. In summary I think they have a lot to learn in coffee preparation, the staff appeared untrained and not customer friendly, more interested in internal communications, rather than external customer communication. Fitzroy & Baily use the similar coffee but tasted nicer! 
After giving recommendations to a vast number of people over the years our latest trip to this restaurant for my birthday was a disaster. 
Was here the night Mayweather was fighting Connor McGregor and I don't know if that was the cause but the food was quite poor. The food was very very tasteless and it seemed to be universal to everyone in my group and not just my meal. It lacked flavour and was very dry.  
Myself and my husband have been to Riennas many times and never been disappointed. Tonight we felt the food was really disappointing. The service as always was great but for the price which I feel isn't the cheapest we did not get value for money. The fish special I had was dry and the tiger prawns did not have a very tasty sauce. I am surprised that over the many years we gave been visiting the menu has not changed. I am actually really saddened to give this review as we have always had great meals here! Very very disappointed! 
On the government website it states they are participating in the eat out to help out scheme, when I got there and asked about this today they stated they knew nothing about it, that is all 3 staff members present at the time. I saw them charge every customer full price without asking whether they were eating in or taking away, whether they knew about the scheme only they know but you would think that management would feed this information back to the employees, I hope they will not be claiming money back off the government if they are participating in the scheme and continue to charge full price, if the employees do not know of the scheme and only the management knows about it then they will need to feed this information to them as soon as possible to avoid them misleading future customers 
After reading a number of reviews we decided to try the buffet lunch at the Leftbank restaurant. A number of the reviews have been practically gushing about the buffet. Well let me tell you this - think very carefully before going anywhere based on a TripAdvisor review! 
Think this place has new owners. Cash only payment in the time of covid when everyone wants to pay contactless. Somewhere saving a few pence on each meal by not accepting card payment must be scrimpng elsewhere. Is it cod!!! 
What can I say.... Beirut Nights used to be a great place to go but seems to have gone downhill. The food is amazing, I must say, but the shisha terrace is cramped especially at the weekends and the staff seem more concerned with fitting as many people in as possible then the customers being happy. They could really do with expanding or refurbishing it. 
Restaurant was fairly empty and the waitress was polite. Did not have to wait too long for my food but I would have gladly waited longer for properly cooked food! My chicken shish was raw! Went to have dessert and shisha, but we were made to sit crammed next to another random group of people even though there was plenty of seating! I know they were anticipating a busy evening due to a football match but we were aiming to be out by then and would have appreciated comfortable seating during our time there. Needless to say we did not order anywhere near as many desserts/drinks/shisha as we would have as we had limited table space for the food we wanted to buy and did not feel comfortable being so cramped anyway. Guy at the till made a sexist remark about a female paying for a male friend. 
Service was an unorganised mess. We were a large group and offered to pre-order before we arrived but were told we didn't need to, this lead to almost every order being incorrect, despite the waiter double checking our order.  
Had a meal here as a group 5. The interior design is cool and stands out from the usual stuff in Kingston, and the staff were great and helpful. But they're all fighting a losing battle with the food. When it comes to your table it looks cracking and delicious, however, halfway through you suddenly realise you haven't tasted anything. We had the sandwiches and the after feeling was that of just having a KFC but without the Colonel's great taste and value. Probably won't be returning. 
Went to lara grill tonight with my partner did not enjoy it as i normally do i think its different management the sevice and food wasent as good and table was on the outside my chair kept getting pushed was not asked where we wanted to sit they just put the bread and starters on the table without asking if we wanted drinks its a shame was one of my favorite resturants 
The waitress was so lovely and friendly, but she got my order completely wrong. When I explained that she had got it wrong, she laughed and said I misunderstood. No apology at all. It was not because she was a being rude, she just had no idea what I was saying. The food was very average, and at the end, the waitress added on a service charge without even mentioning it. I only realized she had added on a service charge after I had left. I felt because of the poor service, I should have got a discount, but I was charged for it! As I said, she was lovely, but I don't think she should be taking orders at the moment. I work near by but I will never go there again, and I won't recommend it to anyone else. I left feeling disappointed and irritated. 
The food was ok. Fresh and tasty. I would probably wish there is more salad with the meal. 
Shisha is great here but CS is very bad. Be prepared to order something then wait 30 mins for your tea to come. Also then be prepared to suddenly have your bill thrown at you and be told with no notice that you have been there 1 and half hours and must leave now. If you arent a big shot or dont spend a lot of money they wont listen. 
Having lived in Windsor for many years I hadn't eaten in Cornucopia since a decidedly average meal about 5 years ago. A group of 12 of us went there last week and had a meal that was ok - reasonable value for money. But when the bill came and we checked it, there were several additional meals on the bill. Well of course mistakes happen, but the staff, who had been fairly disinterested throughout the evening, didn't seem at all bothered. There was a very half-hearted apology but none of us got the sense that they were embarassed - or genuinely sorry - at all. 
Me and my husband dined here on Saturday night. We picked off the 3 course for £15 menu which we thought would be good value. The salad starter was average, I had the plaice for main. It was awful, so bland and the sauce was watery. When I complained about it not being cooked properly and the flesh being off and black the waitor said it was normal as it was where the head had been taken off...this put me right off. No offer to swap the meal or money off either. Couldn't help but think they weren't bothered about us being there at all. 
Food was lovely, unfortunately we were not provided with menus on arrival and the drinks order also required prompting. 
Turned up early but offered to sit outside 
This was the second time I had been to assos the first was a enjoyable experience but on going the second time I was quite dissapointed . The starters were fine and then the mains arrived the first thing was the chips were not cooked but they were happy to replace them when they arrived back they had a strange taste and I realised they were oven chips which I Cannot stand and then eating my steak I realised 50 % of it was fat .i do know that rump steak has a percentage of fat in it but this was 50% of it.On speaking to the owner she admitted the chips were oven baked and sometimes the steak is like that I said I wasn't happy about it the bill was presented and enquired for the bill to be amended to reflect my unhappiness but was told the by the owner she couldn't do nothing about it and was offered a drink.Which was a insult to me so unfortunanaly I will not be going back 
The waitress seemed to be in a bad mood with the opening line of 'just sit anywhere you want.' We never got a smile or a thank you. Several times she leaned across us to pick up plates or deliver food. One time a guy came out to deliver some more food and he lent across me - not very professional. The seafood linguine that I ordered had 4 mussels placed on top and 2 of them had not opened. I pointed this out to the waitress and she said 'yes that’s right they haven't opened and walked away. If I forced them open to eat them I would have been very very ill but they didn't care. The food was OK taste wise, but nothing to make me want to go back especially with the poor level of service. 
When i first started coming here, the food was great. Portions were lovely, everything cooked well. And as always good places dont last forever my last vist will be my last. The food was over done, smaller portions now served on a wooden plank. I will travel all the way to green lanes harringey to get good turkish food. I am sorry but improvments are needed. You might be able to impress your egg and bacon customers but people who appreciate good food, no way. 
Came here in November 2016 after a couple of relatively positive experiences. The food, as on the first 2 occasions I went here, was good. Most of the starters, warm or cold are nice, the mains…decent. What spoilt my experience this time was that the waiter came over with sparking water even though we made it clear we wanted still water. I explained politely that we'd asked for still water to which he rudely muttered you asked for sparkling. He walked off and came back with still water in a rather brash manner. I was tempted to cause a fuss but decided to leave the matter as it was, don't think I'll be wanting to come back here again though. 
I had walked past the restaurant a couple of times without really noticing other than the warm, orange color that was predominant but when reading other reviews I had high expectations but was quite disappointed. 
For years this place has always recieved crazyily good ratings from everyone and is always packed whenever I've been. Their service is one of the worst I've ever been to and their shisha is bog standard. They dont care much for regulars and loyalty doesnt mean much here but if you want to go to a shisha place that doesnt give a shish about their service this is your place! 
Sunday Family Get Together. Food was good, as usual, in fact it was better than on previous visits. However, not really the restaurant's fault, but a table of people near to us complained to the manager about the noise and that several small children had begun running around the main part of the restaurant, around our tables. Not once, not twice but three or four times. Then the inevitable screams started as toddlers fell over and are grumpy because they are bored. Three fathers seemed to be encouraging the running around and laughing, I would not mind but they were not even sat in this area of the restaurant. Shame really, but as this was not managed well we have decided we won't be visiting this restaurant again. I do understand the predicament the staff face but this was really unacceptable and should have been handled better. The staff should be able to walk around with hot food and drinks without this going on and the paying customers should not have to put up with this, especially when the people involved were not even in this area of the restaurant. 
Food was reasonable nothing spectacular. The fish starter was small in portion specially when it cost £10.50. Struggled to eat on the small slate. The chicken main course had too much of a tomatoe taste. Was charged a 10% service charge even though the receipt said it was a discretionary charge. Wasn’t asked if I wanted to pay the service charge. 
Good service and reasonable ambience  
Veg food was a let down. Food was quite bland and the channa curry felt undercooked, obviously from tin. Atmosphere was really cold and not cosy at all. Hate restaurants which never put their heating on and make you sit in the cold! 
Every Christmas our families meet to exchange presents, because we all live some 200 miles away from each other we decide on a nice restaurant half way between our homes. 
The way this restaurant works as explained by the waiter and manager is that the chef par cooks the chicken in advance and they have 3 sauces pre made and they make the curries according to those sauces which are all tomato based  
My partner and I ate here before an early flight from Heathrow. She had a Goan Fish Curry and I had a beef dish. Both were heavily salted. I started with a selection of Bajis but in truth it was hard to distinguish one from the other. 
We went there for a friends birthday, the food was great with average pricing, but the service was rude. We were given the wrong bill and then shouted at for not wanting to pay £10 for service charge... 
Around a month ago me and my friends came for dinner here as we wanted to try something new for us as we go for meals every week. However sadly we will not be returning. The food did not meet our expectations and service was slow. 
I went twice in two days. 
I'd been here a couple of months back when working in the area, and got myself a tasty and reasonably priced shawarma wrap for lunch. I promised to come back and have a proper sit down meal and so, seeing the place is close to the A40, stopped off there when driving to London to see a show. 
Lovely fillet steak which was very tasty, nice presentation/education about the different steak cuts however a WELL cooked steak is rested as part of the 'cooking process'. Perhaps they were busy but if you pride yourself on being a decent steakhouse then steaks SHOULD NOT bleed across the plates. Not impressed.  
I used to be a regular at Beirut Nights, I always went with my friends for a smoke. Now the place is just awful the shisha is ok but used to be better. But what makes me dislike this place is the customer service, we always get put in the crappiest and tightest area and when we ask to move, the response is always "we have a booking their" which is fair enough but during our whole duration no one would show up and on a couple of occasions you would randomly find a couple sitting in those spots which make us think that they could not be bothered to move us. 
Unfortunately having told to book by the owner I did to find myself and my guest the only ones in the restaurant. This was a very small restaurant and seated possible 4-6 tables, there was a sign to say "more seating downstairs" but when I visited the toilets, which was a long trek downstairs, outside, upstairs and round I noticed a display of memorabilia for sale and a blow up bed covered with a blanket. This I found strange !!, The owners son was more than confident which was not so welcoming, in fact I found him rather arrogant. My meal was a small portion and slow service. It was tasty but then again for the amount I felt that is was over priced. We asked for the bill and the gentle man added service and amounts which I did not reflect the meal. Hoe ever I payed the bill and left. I will never visit again. 
Stopped for a meal with a mate. Made an order- was specific that i wanted plain chips. Food came- advised that the meal comes with spicy chips so that was what was served. Ordered extra plain chips and when bill came i was charged for both even though the spicy ones were untouched. 
The service is just awful, no smiles, its as if you are a bother just turning up. Food was very average with higher than average prices. I watched a waitress cutting bread and a piece fell on the floor, she just picked it up and served to a customer. I would not recommend nor will I return. 
We went here for my sons birthday along with some of his friends. There were 10 of us. It was booked in advance. Every time we ordered drinks we had a 20 minute wait each time. Food took 35 minutes each section - totally ridiculous especially when it wasn't busy! Food was ok had better and had worse. Won't go again 
Used to be great. But went in recently and had a bad pint. It happens, fine. But bar staff refused to accept there was an issue. I decided to buy an amstel at my own cost. £4 something. Was then told they would have to charge £5 as they have a minimum charge. Wouldn't let me leave without paying for a pint I did not then want. Just plain rude. No customer service 
Me and my wife have been there few times. Previous experience was really good. This time really bad, food average, service terrible. Won't be coming back. 
I visited in passing - Cellar bars are always of interest and this one seemed to be proud of its cask ales. 
Having seen some positive reviews online and presentable exterior of the restaurant, we were thoroughly disappointed.  
Sorry to say that food was just below the standard of any decent pub restaurant. The craft or trendy beers were truly gross. Must however say that others in Richmond appeared to enjoy the place; strange. Also watch the bill as service charge applied and expected. Even in USA this would be OTT for such standards. 
We had a special get-together meal at this restaurant, travelling two hours especially to see family and eat good food. 
Birthday dinner with large number of us booked - or tried to. Took 2 phone calls and then told we could only stay for an hour and a half, as they had multiple sittings. Staff taking the bookings really didn't care and very unfriendly on the phone. Put us off completely - won't be going back. 
Went this evening with my wife for our anniversary and left disappointed and still hungry. Chose the châteaubruand to share which came in minutes, almost too quickly. It was a dish to share and came with two sides of our choice. Two tiny bowls arrived of sweet potato fries and salad arrived. By the time we shared these the portions looked pathetic. Looking at other tables we saw that if we had ordered individual steaks we would have been given two sides each, so effectively by ordering a sharing steak we then had to share one persons' sides. No wonder we ran out of sides long before the steak was eaten. 
Having read so many positive reviews we were looking forward to sampling the Roz Ana's tempting menu.  
Ordered beach platter when arrived was no squid on the dish they just added some wings instead. 
Annayu has a very interesting menu to start discovering the Indian tastes, crossed with a touch western styling. 
We went here last night for my son's birthday, with his girlfriend, as a special treat. We are all big meat eaters. The restaurant was full and the atmosphere was buzzing. Our table was compact:) Everyone else's steak was thick and juicy but my ribeye, which I ordered medium-well done, was thin and burnt and definitely not pink on the inside. I didn't want to make a fuss by complaining. I ordered a side of roasted vegetables but what I got was three ends of peppers, stalks still on, and a few halved tomatoes. To finish, no decaff coffee and they'd run out of peppermint tea????  
We thoroughly enjoyed the food at this restaurant, we went for a set menu dinner option, a large group of colleagues meeting after work. We were given mixed messages about the car parking at the hotel. We were advised at time of booking that car parking would be free if visiting the restaurant, then on the night we were told that the hotel had recently changed the policy and car parking would be payable. After much argument our guests were allowed the free parking, however this is a WARNING, the message seems to be clear that IF YOU ARE NOT STAYING AT THE HOTEL THEN DON'T BOTHER COMING IN! We will not be visiting again, and we are spoilt for choice of Indian restaurants around the Heathrow area, we just wanted to give this a try. 
First and last visit to this restaurant. Had heard reasonable reviews so wanted to try it when we were in town. 
Overall extremely disappointing. Upon arrival had to queue although we had a booking, as staff were busy. Once it was our turn to be seen, were told ‘just a second’ while the greeter finished a call, another greeter came to help only for us to be told ‘just a second’ until he finished typing something on an iPad type screen.  
Nice restaurant and surrounding in the Heart of Beckenham and Friendly Service . 
This restaurant was a real mixed bag . Our starters were not cooked properly and cold. We sent them back , only 2 out of 3 were recooked . Even these were mediocre. Bhajis were frozen not fresh items which caused the problems with not being cooked properly. We waited a long time for the mains to finally arrive which had cold breads with them . When paying the bill I mentioned this and the manager said why didn’t I mention this and he would have had these remade for us . You can imagine the frustration of having to wait again for food to be made hot for us which is why we didn’t bother . The sad thing is that the curries were excellent but could not be enjoyed with cold breads . Because of the poor execution of our meal I cannot recommend this restaurant even though parts of the meal were superb .  
The food was okay but I found mine cold and not cooked that well, the food took ages to come and on top of this the whole restaurant smelled of Shisha. I know they have Shisha outside but they could at least stop the smell from coming inside the restaurant! I dont want shisha mixing with the food I eat. 
Okay so firstly- it was my birthday and we decided to go to Beirut nights for a celebration. Having seen Dina tokio big it up, I thought it would be a good idea. When we first arrived, we were not greeted with friendly smiles. Then, we were approached by someone who didn't ask but simply demanded that we remove ourselves from the seats we were at because they were 'vip' seats. He also asked rudely. Later on, I found out that these seats were not actually in use. Was there a point to move us when nobody was sitting there anyway? In my opinion, that's bad customer service. There was no apology or friendly way in which he asked. Then, we waited almost 20/30 minutes to be seen by a waiter after sitting in our seats. We were ignored for a long duration of our stay and felt uncomfortable the entire time. When we finally got the chance to order, a friend made a mistake and ended up ordering the wrong thing. When it arrived, we explained this to them. They refused to offer an exchange or a refund. This was unjust because they had no reason to refuse. This was like an e-shisha that was just so horrible to smoke. I doubt that they couldn't change it because they 'have already started it up and it costs them money', yeah well you make enough when you make people pay for the service which is terrible enough as it is. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. It's horrible. They make you feel stupid especially because you're not arab like them so you don't get special treatment unless you're arab cause then they just Think you're a baller and give you awesome service and are so nice because theyre after your money. I hate it. Won't be going again. Ever. Oh and I don't know why they're so popular. It's crap. Basrah lounge is much better. It's only down the road from there  
After reading all the reviews on Annayu, i was excited to try the food and service that i'd read so much about. 
This place is highly overrated. The food portions are massive however the food lacks taste and the chicken just tasted of salt. The shisha wasn't anything special either just standard shisha. The area for shisha is very small and you have no space to move as your stuck to the stranger next to you. 
As much as i dont want to be bias i will try not to be. Visited this place with high hopes as the exterior looked really good. 
I'm afraid it was exactly that 'A total let down' 2 out of 4 steaks were wrongly cooked. One steak was returned.. When they replaced the steak it was still incorrectly cooked and this time it was rejected by my partner. (My partner went without food) The side salad that came with the steaks was partly brown and obviously dated, this was also returned and replaced with fresh salad. The chips were pretty standard and unremarkable. They did try to be attentive towards our complaints and obviously took the price of 1 steak off the bill, however the damage had already been done. This restaurant is passing itself of as a fine dining experience with premium prices. Our experience was poor. I'm afraid when you are charging these sort of prices you cannot afford to make these type of mistakes.. We certainly won't be returning.. 
The food was absolutely awful. I sat for 40 minutes and had to send my food back 3 times and our poor waiters looked run down. 
Satisfying the request of my peers, nine of us went to seek an authentic "English pub" for fish and chips and bangers and mash. What we found was a run down "bar" in central Eton with warm beer, no atmosphere and bland food. So disappointed and should have known better...with literally no patrons upon our arrival at dinner time we should have turned around. 
Ordered a take away for 2. 
We came here for a family dinner. However when I tried to order a my starter (lentil and vegetables) I was told they were all out of lentils. "Fine," I said - I'll just have the vegetables. Some time later the waiter returned to say the chef had "refused" to make me vegetables.  
Raw chicken in batter, put me off! Enough said how can that happen? Very pricey, cold place ️. Disappointed 
This was a rare opportunity for a family meal out as my parents were visiting for the weekend. The food was fantastic but sadly the same cannot be said for the service we received. On getting to the restaurant it took an awfully long time for the waitress to take our drinks order. The starters arrived after half an hours wait. It wasn’t until an hour later, after asking twice for an update, that we received our main meals in dribs and drabs. Initially we received 3 of the 5 main meals together however one of them was luke warm so had to be sent back. One of the three side dishes arrived with those three main meals. It wasn’t until the first main meal has been served, and finished, that the last meal arrived along with the side dishes. Sadly this did not make for a pleasant experience as those eating felt bad for those who weren’t. We asked after the delayed food several times and were told ‘it’ll be here soon!’ Had we have had our expectations set from the outset, this would have made for a completely different experience. There was acknowledgement from the management on the poor service we received and consequently a discount was given. We would much rather have received great food, great service and have paid the normal price!  
We arrived and were seated quite quickly. We were a table of 3. We all choose from the set menu. The price was rather steep but considering the location near the airport we carried on. We ordered after gaining the waitress’s attention. We then waited and waited. Approximately 25 minutes later the main dishes arrived. The quality of the meat was not great however the curry was tasty enough. After we had finished the plates were cleared. We then waited again. After a further 20 minutes or so the desserts arrived. They were also of questionable quality. When paying the bill I was disappointed to see 12.5% gratuity included as I would not have chosen to tip after this service. Can not recommend.  
I find it so strange that someone can rent what must be extremely expensive premises, kit it out, employ staff and then get it so wrong with the food. I went here because I was meeting old friends and wanted to try something new in Richmond. Tripadvisor reviews were good. Well, the starter was truly inedible - crackling that was so hard that my friends were afraid they'd break their teeth (the manager agreed to deduct it from the bill, thank you). The mains were also very disappointing - halloumi with a dreadfully dull salad of a few spinach leaves, slices of tomato and great big slices of cucumber; steak and mushroom pie that was so sloppy that you needed a spoon; and a chicken dish that was reportedly very nice. Dessert was mediocre. Ambience was pleasant. Service was very friendly. But the food was just so poor that I was embarrassed for having brought my friends here.  
The family and I went there on August 24 and service was not on point, wait time for food and drinks from the bar is way too long. Once we got our food we took a couple of bites and decided to leave to find another restaurant to dine at. Ps the beef patties tasted like if they were microwaved.. I have experience with working with food and you can just tell the difference from a microwave  
Went here with a friend for drinks she had been here before and said the cocktails were good. We should have stuck with the drinks but decided to eat ordered starters as we didn't want big meal. Ordered a veg platter and chicken wings the food arrived veg platter looked good but there was no flavour to anything. The corn fritters was mostly onions and the okra was hard not crispy. The worst thing was the chicken wings they were cold not crispy and had a horrible sauce was put on them. Only good experience was the staff really nice, inviting and helpful pity about the food. 
Heard really good things about this restaurant so was expecting a lot especially seeing as the food is quite expensive. Unfortunately the food was very basic and some of it was inedible which is a shame seeing as for 2 courses and a drink we paid around £40pp. Would expect higher quality for this price. Will not be returning.  
Hadn't had a good Indian dinner in months. Really looked forward to dinner at Annayu. 
Visit this ask's restaurant a fair amount of times but our last visit was not one to be remembered. The only good thing about the meal was the starter. I had the garlic bread with mozzarella along with my father which was nicely served and tasted nice. My mother had the zucchini chips which are always nice. 
Been here many times, but this time it was awful. Returned the side salad, as for £3.95 it consisted of a small handful of wilted rocket and half a chopped tomato (maximum) with no dressing. Main course was disappointing and dessert (profiteroles) arrived still frozen, so unable to get a spoon into it. Staff seemed disinterested and annoyed that we had the nerve to complain! Will not be returning... 
We visited Ask Italian on a Saturday night. We arrived at just gone 7pm. One of our group was 30mins late. We did not get out of there until just gone 11pm. There was one waitress too three parties 15 or more people.  
This Restaurant has been here for years, and for years it has had the same re-occuring problem. Poorly trained staff and long waits for medioka food. 
I attended this restaurant with my parents and daughter whilst we stayed the evening before our flight. We expected that in view of the high quality of the hotel that the restaurant would be similarly high calibre. My daughter ordered the Chana Dahl which was truly exceptional. I ordered the paneer which was unfortunately not aesthetically pleasing, disappointingly bland and scarce on the paneer. I was hoping that what it lacked in visual appeal would be compensated by the taste. It did not. My parents both ordered the monkfish curry. The portions were meagre, fish minimal and the flavour bitter. Considering we only ordered four mains, one portion of rice and three naan, the £70 bill was excessive. We did not order alcoholic drinks. Small portions, mediocre food and lacklustre flavours made the experience an underwhelming one. On the plus side Reagan and Prem the waiting on staff were extremely polite and helpful. In hindsight we should have expressed our disappointment at the time but we were so embarrassed that we paid and left. We would not return and hope that this review is useful.  
Food was excellent, couldn't fault, but the service...... I felt more like an inconvenience than a welcome guest. 
My daughters and I visited Ask Italian for dinner this evening. We ordered two pizzas and a pasta dish. The pizzas were very dry - barely any sauce on them, and the seafood pasta was lacking in sauce and flavour - it also left a very unusual layer of grease in my mouth. There are so many nice Italian eateries in Beckenham but this isn't one of them. Not awful, just really average. 
I read the reviews before my visit and was looking forward to something special. The ambiance is great and the staff are very very friendly and accommodating. The food however was some of the worst my wife and I have tasted. We had the monkfish curry (chewy) and lamb biryani (fatty and chewy). The starters (lentil and chicken dish) were fair to middling! Oddly, having read the other reviews, I may just go back as we obviously ordered badly (for us) or the chef was having a bad day!  
Went to this restaurant on Saturday, it was busy and we had to wait, the chap at the front said the wait would be around 15 minutes which was fine with us and we decided to sit at the bar and enjoy a drink.... First round of cocktails were great, second round I ordered a draught Red Stripe and was told it had run out.... (how can you run out of your one and only draught beer....????). I was offered a bottle (330ml for £4.25 I believe, and a pint on draught would have been around the same price... so with a bottle you get around half for the same price... ). 
Went there early one Saturday evening and it was practically empty, yet the service was still slow. The staff lack the natural warmth of other Italian restaurants and I also found them arrogant, cold and unfriendly. Wish I went to Pizza Express instead but chose Ask for convenience. It used to be really good. It's experiences like this that put me off dining out. 
the place was nice ,service ok food was ok nothing to brag about food. We expected better since the décor was done beautifully  
Dear Turtle Bay Staines upon Thames, 
So i went there the second time, hoping my food wont make me go toilet again as any fool would not go to a place i guess if it made them unwell. However i was HANGRY, so my friend and i took the risk.  
Took family for my birthday.  
From the cluttered entrance and closely packed, sticky tables to the dull menu and poor and beligerant service, this is one to avoid at any cost. There are better places to eat in Beckenham. 
They need to employ more waiters, we had to ask for a menu, up to then we were basically ignored. One waitress was trying to cope with numerous tables. The pasta portion sizes were very small, don't go there if you are hungry. My pizza lacked salt and flavour. Overall pretty poor. 
I have been disappointed by previius visits and left some time before going back for a meal. We had a number of recent visits just for drink and thought might be worth trying again I wish I did not!  
New Year’s Eve - place not exactly heaving.....took an hour and a half for our food to arrive.....no beer......NO BEER....not a drop in the place . Our bonus was another diners steak delivered to our table - so hungry we got stuck in even though it was 1/5 meals... asked if dinner was ok we said actually no we ordered med rare, this is med/well... to be told no it’s rare...then someone else came over to tell us it wasn’t ours after all . Hilarious. On plus side....tasty food, waitress very pleasant.  
Good food. Shame the glasses are filthy. Not sure how they clean glasses but it might involve not using water. Both water glasses where filthy and had something resembling old lemon peel attached to the rim. When I requested the high service charge removed the server got the hump. 
There was a group of 10 of us and we ordered drinks which took ages to come, plus the tap water had weird build up in it. When we went to order the food it got confusing and she missed out 3 people so we had to call the waitress back, taking ages again. The food was alright but nothing amazing and one person ordered cheesy jerky fries but given plain. The waiter took the fries and the others didn’t arrive for a long time. 
If I wasn't expecting an Indian meal I think I would have liked it more .  
Very disappointing visit, me and my wife visited on a Saturday night around 7.30 pm bar was busy with a lovely atmosphere spoke to a couple of staff who were very friendly and helpful so decided to stay for dinner. I ordered goat curry and my wife ordered Auvergne curry which were both sold out not sure if that happens often so I ordered rack of ribs it comes with sweet potatoe fries which I don’t like so asked to be changed to cheesy chips, and my wife had some sort of chick pea curry. First delivery of food was the wrong order being sent. Ribs come they’re quite burnt but only slightly warm at best no sauce or marinade dry and pretty much flavorless, my cheesy chips are sweet potatoe chips with no cheese that I could see so I flag down a waiter which was difficult to be told if you ordered cheesy chips that’s how they come. Now trust me if you boiled chips instead of frying them that’s the consistency of what I got and also the coleslaw was worse than the cheapest supermarket version you could possibly buy. Wife’s curry open the lid and at the bottom you have rice all lumpy and stuck together pretty much a congealed mess the curry on top was bland and flavorless and the less than a quarter of a pitta bread was stone cold. The red stripe lager on tap tastes very sweet and not great. In all fairness to the waitress when we said our dinners were as described they didn’t charge us for the food but we still left feeling very disappointed with our experience at the turtle bay and if I was them I would be having serious words with the chefs in that kitchen as it was only the food that lets the whole place down. 
Food arrived too quickly to be prepared fresh! Looked ok but was in reality no beter than a sauce in a jar from the local supermarket! 
Table of 10 for my sons 12th birthday. Food was ok but the service was rubbish....! No effort was made to make it at all special, waitress was 'just doing her job', absolutely NO personality!!! I didn't expect balloons & fireworks but I thought they might make it a bit fun as there were children at the table. Run out of butterfly prawns, no mussels & no Merlot!!! Definitely won't be going back & would not recommend.  
Surely on a day like Mother's Day you know it will be very busy,so a 50 minute wait for starters, 35 minutes for mains and no cups for the children to have a drink in is not a good thing! Staff looked rabbits caught in the headlights at times. Food wise I had a rocket salad,you cannot ruin that can you. My main course was the sea bass which was cooked in a small bowl which was swimming in butter. This was not very pleasant to eat. Lemon cheesecake for desert was ok but the star of the show was the sorbet which sums up my meal really. I haven't been to ASK for years and now I know why. won't be back in a hurry.  
I went here with a group of 6 people and we waiting ages to be served, but anyway service was ok. The food is totally overpriced, my pizza was dry and overly crisp. 
Having pre booked with an advanced message that we were celebrating an important milestone and required a suitable table. 
Visited restaurant on 4/5/14. Only after being served starter and drinks were we told one of mains was not available. Why didn't they tell us at time of ordering so we could have eaten elsewhere. Very limited yet expensive menu. Poor service by very few staff. No wonder place was almost empty! 
I went along on Monday with my two children, the restaurant was empty but we still had to wait a little too long to get served. whilst my young daughter was eating her food I was approched twice to ask if she had finished even though she had a full plate of pasta, and then went I took her to the toilet I returned to find that her food had been taken. When I complained the waiter said that he was told it was finished with by my son- My son is 6 year's old !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Service very very slow with not enough waiting staff for the number of tables. Food was served with too much salt to be able to eat it. The manager was apologetic, and adjusted the bill without hesitation, and then went to the trouble of asking if we would please come again and give them another chance......... No! 
I went here to catch up with a friend last week. It was a cock-up right from the start.....The waiter attempted to bring us our main course twice & both times we had to explain that we had not had our starters yet. When we finally did receive our mains they were inedible! I had ordered a veggie pasta dish & my friend had ordered a pasta bake. Oh my!! Talk about dry!!! The veggie pasta was literally pasta with sliced vegetables stirred through & a dollop of olive pesto on the top. It was tasteless, bland & vile! My friends pasta bake was crunchy & crispy from possibly being re-heated time & time again. We ended up sending both dishes back (something I have never done in my entire life!!) We ordered a pizza to share instead & that was also tasteless & yucky. We didn't eat that either. Desserts weren't good either. The profiteroles were filled with ice cream & the whole thing was frozen. You couldn't get a fork or spoon in it. My friend didn't eat it. By the time we left the restaurant they had thawed out so a tip to the chef would be to defrost them before you serve them! To be fair, the manager really tried his hardest to please us. He offered us complimentary wine, we didn't pay for the starters (which were actually fine & the best dishes of the evening) & we didn't pay for the desserts. He asked us to come back & give them another try but I'm afraid it's a no from us. 
Went toASK on Friday night and it was very busy,got seat right away and service was ok but the food let it down.Had ravioli which was ok but lacked flavour and portions where small,had Italian cheesecake with mango sorbet for desert and the sorbet was the best bit.left feeling Hungary so had toast when I got home. 
Had poor experience last time and unfortunately not a lot has changed. Went in Sunday night early so not very busy at all. The service was true to form dreadful. 15 mins before drink order taken. The frustrating thing is its a nice place and staff welcome you but the manager needs to review how this place is run before they drive us locals away. Food is good but long gaps between food and slow to take orders. Think need to give a break from going in the hope they may look at what people are saying as there are plenty of alternatives in Beckenham - sorry had hoped would be better 
Some how 2 courses for 2 people cost £90 and there was only one glass of wine purchased. The crab fish cake starter was 2 mouthfuls of food with a lot of foam on top and cost nearly a tenner. The monkfish curry had four pieces of fish and plenty of a sour thin sauce for a price of fifteen quid. I prefer vegetables to starchy carbs and the side order of cucumber salad for a fiver again was minuscule for the money. Disappointing meal in an otherwise lovely hotel. And to top it all the waitress was overbearing, who after asking both of my names, then decided to call me Mrs Tracy. Very strange. Wouldn't recommend. Looking forward to being back in Birmingham where you can get a fantastic curry, starter and rice or naan for between ten and fifteen pounds. There's no need to pay these prices.  
Visited Turtle Bay midweek in the evening. First ever visit to a Turtle Bay. The food was excellent, but....waiting for drinks, the actual meal and even the bill took far too long. The restaurant wasn't very crowded but there were just not enough staff to provide a reasonable and timely service. Two hours for two drinks and a main meal is far too slow. Was very disappointed. 
I love Turtle Bay the atmosphere is usually great and the food is delicious. I’ve never been to TB Staines so this was a new experience . I ordered one pot curry goat but was underwhelmed . Side dish of dumplings was under cooked - so disappointed , I’m actually still waiting for the waitress to come back with the the cooked version but I think she’s forgotten and I’m not that interested in reminding her . Other than that the waitress was really nice but it’s not a place I’ll come back to any time soon  
Tried to come here a few weeks ago, although the restaurant looked quiet we were advised that several big orders had just gone in and food could take 45 minutes so we decided to eat elsewhere. Returned this week having booked a table for 6pm, restaurant was quiet and we were seated promptly but then told that service would be slow as a new menu just started and kitchen were still getting use to it. We decided to stay. First mistake. Lots of items, signatures ribs included, not available and the food that was served was average at best. Service lived up to its billing -- very very slow. Nothing much more to say, very average and probably best to avoid. 
Not great. Poor quality food, sub-standard service. The staff seemed as though they didn't want to be there. 
Nice setting attentive staff but was main course not as advertised and no forwarning by waiting staff!! They infact tried suggest that as it was a cheaper cut of meat the portions were larger. 2x 1/4 inch thick overcooked pork loin, so how tiny would the medallions be? I was advised that they would have been the same thickness. I sent mine back and was offered an alternative main course the sea food linguini was good. 
We visited Annayu on a Saturday night in July 2015 - it wasn't busy and had mostly hotel guests eating. The food wasn't too slow in coming - we had starters and a selection of main dishes. The food was supposed to offer a unique blend of classic and contemporary Indian cuisine - we didn't see any difference nor were we overwhelmed. The service was OK. In my opinion there are better local Indian restaurants at a cheaper price. The décor was very good. A word of warning, if you like a beer, it's expensive and comes in a bottle - if you want a draft pint, it comes from the bar next door and you get charged for having it brought across!. Overall, décor good, food not so good (quite bland) - cost over £100. Tip - if you do visit and park in the hotel (Edwardian Radisson) car park, show the concierge at reception your car park ticket along with your food bill - this will be nullified (free) - that's the car park and not the food bill !!!. 
I apologise up front f it was an issue specific to tonight but went here for a dink and group of friends left as quick as possible. It smelled very damp and air was thick with it. Place was very busy with people eating so perhaps we arrived at the wrong time. Will pop down again to check but if that smelly, won't stay 
Today we visit Turtle Bay in Staines and it was a very bad choice to eat in this place, food tastes awfull now we feel sick about it. But I need to say the waiter that serve us he tried his best and provide us a good service. Service is good, good atmosphere, very tasty cocktails and lovely music but the food is not something that i recomend. I hope that you can have some improve in the future. I still recomend this place for drinks.  
Expensively priced menu was appallingly bland. The waiter was terrible, he seemed to be convently confused and ignored my request for the wine menu he also in the middle of our main course took my mint sauce and placed it on another table without consent.  
Food was great. However experience was ruined as order processing and arrival was shocking. The wait is stupidly long. Staff were unconfident and lethargic and didn't seem enthusiastic to help at all. 
Had high hopes as greeted warmly by staff. The tables were sticky from I can only assume previous nights beer! We were the first table in mid week lunchtime and had pre-ordered but still had to wait over an hour for our starters by which time we were eating the napkins!! The mains came but by the time last of them came the rest of party had finished their meals. I ordered 3 of the tapas type food and without exeception they were awful, actually inedible - probably one of worst meals I have ever experienced. A great shame as staff very upbeat and a great vibe in the restaurant so maybe I should revisit just for an evening cocktail. 
Held my annual Christmas dinner that I organise for my friends every year on Saturday 19th December 2015. 15 of us in total, so to try and speed things up (at the request of the restaurant), we submitted our food order in advance of turning up. 
Giving up, love the concept & menu but no continuity at all. Realise when I go in the evening it’s good, in the day not. Panko breadcrumbed calami ...try plain flour, the calamari was swimming in sauce and barely crispy, chickpeas still hard without any garnish that is written on the menu..coconut etc. Ask for less spice on burger, so they put spice all over the cold fries!!! No I give up, will try another branch, love the concept but after 8-10 visits it’s too hit & miss in a area where there is so much on offer food wise!!  
Came for dinner. Exceptionally slow service. Took two and a half hours for a meal that should take no longer than 90 minutes. Took over an hour for mains to come out even though starters finished early on. I had the chicken with scotch bonnet - no heat, no flavour at all. Chicken was so dry I had to wash it down with rice, as we were NOT ONCE asked if we'd like another drink. Staff offer awful service, if any. Took forever to get their attention to order anything. Starting to wonder if there is any table service or if you order at the bar.  
Had original jerk chicken and coconut rice n peas. Jerk chicken didnt taste grilled, it tasted boiled with a litle bit of grill taste on the skin. Not sure if thats the right way to make jerk chicken. Ive tasted better jerk chicken in Croydon, which was entirely grilled. Husband ate mac n cheese and he thought it was bland. We both wished we went to Nandos instead. However, service was excelent and friendly, good athmosphere for bar, but no no for food. Not sure we are gonna return for the food. 
It seems like we made a mistake on not reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. The service was lacking no asking for additional drinks, picking up empty drinks. They mixed our orders with another table and we had to wait for 40 minutes for our main food with no real apologies and I was told to chill out. The thing is that this is my first and last visit which is a Shame as the food when it arrived was really good. 
I booked a table for eight people at 8.00pm. We arrived on time to be told that we would need to wait 10 minutes while the previous customers were "just finishing". The 10 minutes turned into 45 minutes, to compensate the management offered us a complimentary drink. So we sat down around 8.45 then had to wait for about 25 - 30 minutes to have our order taken. The menu isn't scintillating, just a bit average really. Calves liver and bacon with mashed potato, ok but not what you would expect as it is billed as traditional French cuisine, although can't remember seeing Halloumi on French menus. To be honest we did wait a long time and it got so late that two of our friends had to rush otherwise they would have missed their train, the rest of us didn't even get shown the dessert menu. The previous time I went was for lunch about 10 months ago. I wasn't that impressed then so I don't think I will be rushing back. Having read some of the other reviews it seems that my experience is not that unusual here. It's a shame because it could be a really good restaurant. 
I have eaten here three times- as a couple, and twice in parties of 6 adults. Always disappointed with the food but especially the service. The senior staff possibly the owners have been rude/ sarcastic and unfriendly. I am local to this place so it is a shame to walk past it all the time to eat elsewhere . The food is generally average but it is the service that always lets them down.  
When we went there the service was poor and the food was well below average for the price - sauteed potatoes swimming in fat and the whole meal just not very impressive. There are dozens of better places to go in the Enfield area. 
Beautiful South has, over the years, had a very good reputation locally. What on earth has happened to it? Has it changed hands? It is a shadow of what it once was and, in my opinion, Wookie61's review is very accurate. 
I LOVE Sushi Nara. One of my favourite local sushi restaurants. Staff are so lovely and food is great. BUT they really need to sort out their takeaway waiting time! I appreciate it’s covid but if you are open and serving food at the same price as usual you should not be having to wait over an hour and a half for food! This is disgusting. Especially when you can only go in and collect it yourself! So you are then sat waiting for 45 minutes in the restaurant! To then only get your food and have some of it missing! Please sort out your takeaways so I can enjoy this great sushi restaurant again. 
