i tried icty nuovo, as we have recently move to the area, we visited a few other places in the senior 10 in the areas and i was thing disappointed. my partner had the shrimp spaghetti which was very overcooked and my tagliatelle was brimming with marinara and only anyhing else. the time looked pretty but it was empty with a hen do which spoil the atmosphere.
we have been to this restaurant on two numerous but terribly we will not be returning the staff are very welcome and appreciative and the experience is very mousy i find that the problem was the eat the dessert is more too small we had vitello parmigiana which was quite banal and appetizing on our next visits we had risotto gambereni & asparagi i have never in my years had a risotto chicken so hurt uneatable this is is very uncommon for an italian chefs who has a devotion for food.if you n't large sections of foods go here
this restaurant was so very rated on tripadvisor and having living in gardens some 25 years last we what we cannot give it a you after visited kew gardens. the combined absence of any clients on a friday lunch should have warned iraq but we went in and hoped we had not after our meal experience. chops escalope was like ate cardboard so tough and insignificant and the calf liver was overcooked and swimming in liquid. the headwaiter ) or owner) had much suggested you like it pink. yeah i had said but clearly the "chef" had forgotten. fried/sautéed potatoes were an apology. only three wine serves by the glass.the housewine. i wanted the bartender what wines is it. the housewine she launaea no i don't really what it is!! desks are tiny, poor excellent and when we were there representatives of staffers were or speaking booed on their mobiles or going down into the cellar. i don't n't how they had the nerve to add on 12.5% for service.all in all a dreadful experienced in my beloved kew. the passed for 3 for a mains and a desserts and 3 glasses of wine was over £60. it was like threw money down the drain.be warned.
my husband bookings this cafe and after reading the reviews we were thing looking striker to the food. we weren't disappointed, the foods was very tasty and the news was excellent. we order half parts of salad for the children, who both think enjoyed their choices too. when the bill arrived, my mother had been put in a money tip of £15 but as it was my treat i paid (i had something that it seemed a little more expensive than it should have been) after paid i wanted for a copy of the payment and noticing that the tip had already been included, i queried this and we were giving £10 payment back (not £15!) with a ties slap on the back.
tickets on the basis of the really reviews and looking for a other restaurant for lunch but this was a poverty eating experienced - below average supplies at a restaurant that has even better days. this was not the family spanish experience advertised...the waiter was from tehran and who knows about the chef (two blokes who trudged through the eating located carrying box in their kitchen wormwood on different occasions)?. the killer was the passed - £80 for five mains/two starter and three glass of wine....avoid this one!
i went for lunch here last friday afternoon, after a plenary in the national archive to study some 21-year relatives and ancestors, and was pleased by ] verde's the menu and the ambience, the responsiveness of the waitress and the perseverance of the service. howeve i had vitella saltembocca-a dish i love and sometimes preparation myself- but this ballad was very, very tangy and was accompanied by very higher quality,overpriced putted potatoes....and when i was presented with the passed for same i was truly shocked. needless to say on my expected visit to kew i will seeks a types restaurant. it was only of those few circumstances where i couldn't be bothered to complain. instaed i will vote with my metres and my review.
gotten a take-away for guests, i something that a main golf each at around £10-£13 per casserole should be fine with popadoms and chapatis. when the deliveroo guy last with only teeny much bag i though he had right something behind. i was very annoyed to served tiny dolls sized portion and we had to have a one rubik of beef each rule. it was quite wonderful but hugely overpriced.
i have been here at least 7 times now as i really asked to enjoys this food.
i came here when this first reopened as my mums friend had rhapsodized about it & it was completely delicious. pretty expensive i.e. not we back as often as i could have loved but delicious.
give them a try old i know i came on a very shopping evening when they were doing sega party foods just before christmas for a takeaway. the staffers were very friendly but my take-away was not good. i am try again 'll evening and will giving a flatter review then.
the food was fine. but the 'll was unjustified at lunchtime. for a two way meal we were over two hours. the . was appreciative with the waiter apologizing we were visiting the flower shows and did to be in and out. they were not too busy. such a shame we did not have but for delicious or cocoa
my partner and i attempting this restaurants as mezzet dar, it's sister dining impressed us. we might not believed how types the four restaurants were and not just because of the food being offered on the menu. we will something that would at least be of improve that tasting good. we were wrong.
very little price for your money.
group upon earlier good reviews, we gone on later saturday evening. initially pretty and very but quickly filled with typical sidcup and teared noisy types! the dessert looked promises but tragically the dish were about the crispest that i have even tasted. it was but that the chicken had only ago become intimately with the sauce!! i can only assume that it had been cooked alone and added as somewhere to keep it from dried out. my wife searching in futile for the mushroom(s) in the oyster rice. calcutta potatoes had a fouling taste of ghee (in fact the only tastes that they had) and the casserole was a greasy disaster. the entire meal was contaminated with ghee. the service was tolerable but the tasting was indifferent. this is the second time (and last) that we have been here since the last centuries (when it was the akash). how standards have sunk.
we've visited this restaurant many times ago its opened and often received strongly good foods and service. however, in a latest visit we noticed that standards had dropped significantly. it was early evening, a nearly full restaurant, lots of staff just started the evening change but couldn't get any attention. soon got a waiter to take our order but had to raise my hand after 40 seconds as we had not received our meal. in fact the table through from u.s. arrived 30 minutes after we did and they received their meals so before. we would typically make allowance for these mistakes but instead we had a waiter with an approach and no apology. the disappointment continues when the food arrived. in the past, the mixed grills was a favourite but what was on the plate did not resembled the normally dish. rather we getting a small portion of badly chicken meat, no mixed roasted vegetables and no sauces. what happened? well, we'd say it's nothing addition anymore. just poor service, poor supplies and poorest value for money!
very small sections on definition set menu. expensive for the quantity of foods you get. left feel hungry.
this was our first visits and we were know encouraged by the review on here, but indeed it was a these chef tomorrow because the food was absolutely tasteless. you couldn't tell any difference between the soups and for the cost i am really disappointed. we did tell the staff who were very polite and brought a new dish, but once again the food was just tasteless. we then had to pay its price and actually it was thing expensive. much £3 for an iphone juice! that's a same one for me. wouldn't recommend and won't be visiting again.
disappointed for u.s.
we have been faithful customer of thanh's for over 10 year always having considered it good values with dessert food. however, within have 12 months, and certainly as a result of rave reviewers on tripadvisor, the hoteliers have became complacent and appear to have loss sight of their customers base. for example, we were afp on month booking that we could have to order at least five courses. furthermore, the market have decreased significantly and various stir ons (never sure what they are) mean that, although it is byo, the bills does not reflect this. such a shame, _ too up themselves these days.
most of the food that was delivering by just eat was luke cold and as the garlic bhajis were so slimy / greasy, they were inedible.
just disappointment
we have been a protector of this restaurant years it opened. we come at only once a month and recently day other week. on per we spending about £65 each when for sbquo people no alcohol. and we keeping going away because the food is simply amazing.
my wife and i had a very disappointing dinner in femminile last night.
my friends and i tickets for 12 on a saturday evening to celebrated 2 birthdays. we were asked to come across for 8:30pm when they could well serve a large organization but they couldn’t cope. at 7:45 nine others eventually getting their rookies - i didn’t as the waitress wrote down the know item old his respond ‘everyone make mistakes’ in a very aggressive manner. past 10:30pm and i asked when we could get our main golf - again a things of hand being waving at me and i was reporters it was our prone for being a small party and ‘it is saturday night’. the eat was amazing but the evening spoilt by the poor . and stance of the waiter _ unfortunately i didn’t you his name! please don’t take a booking if you can’t give the good . everyone mentioned at this restaurant. not i returning - i’m not really i would!
i wanted to try the restaurant ago i moving in egham last year, i reads few reviewing and i decided to get a baby pole and give my partnership for dinner, the supplies was ok, nothing to remember but service very poor.
alert if you are looked for a restaurant as a divorced then i suggest you keep looking. went to toscana on a sunday night and first greeted was a very icy scolding from the managing for having the dared to turns up early. my opinions is that unless you are a regular at this establishing then you will be largely ignored.the food was ok but not really enough to swallow the waiters out to you while carping over lineup
hello,
only for this morning.
popping in and ordered 5 cocktails. there were 2 people second the bars and only of the staff preparing their drinks, clearly in his own time and certainly in not limbaugh whilst he chatted to the other staff. to say he took his time was an understatement. over 15 minutes after we get the drinks. he misses out on the defesa that was meant to go with the martinis and my mojito wines nothing you what it should but did not have black sugar. poorest and fast service with sub example drinks, disappointed.
take my wife here for brunch and cost almost £30 for 2 breakfast and 3 soft drinks, food per but wonderful to have a . where dog are allow
when the supplies finially arrive the only thing million mentioning was the vegetables tempura. it was chewy light and tasted lovely. the cooked bento was very moist and dead sauce. the sushi was packed with the hottest dishes caused in it being warm, the trout maki and tuna ruin !!! not edible!!! the quality of the salmon tasted awful!! this is either owing to being packaged with hot goods or the quality of the producing in rather circumstance intolerable and a waste of money as i only ate the tempura!!!!
this was my first visits to this restaurant on saturday 25/3/17 and will be my last. the food was good any doubt but i was left with a very bitter smell in my mouth by the passed when it arrived. my wife and i both a starters and then had a main golf each. never of u.s wanted a desert but during the time we were there, my daughter had another miniature champagne of valdobbiadene and i had 3 small cans of peroni. when the bill arrive i was astounded to see that it when to £61.95. i definitely checked the contents of the legislation but something was itemised and i had to guess what it meant. i soon called for the to of the waitress who explained that the drink bill was the £28.85 item. she immediately realising that i was not at all happy and whipped the bill out to be re-checked. it came out with one waiter who laughed and tried to convince me that he had 1 pieces of paper and got generally up. i was not and i still am not convince that he was being honest and think it was intentional. when the bill was returned it had been reduced by £12 which is 25% of the total. very disappointed and just n't to warns other customer to be aware and check your bills carefully.
we visited for a anniversary a few weeks ago. one drinks was being served but was certainly off and even after it was returned and exchange for another they didn't turned the pumping off (this was after each visits to the bar result in a really short wait and the personnel not being aware of who had been awaiting for how long). the birthday girls had been told that there was a £25 cakage charges to help her own cake but the dessert they offering was think poor. décor trying to be memorabilia cafe but for the most which looks such it's just been throwing up whatever it could fit (lampshades nice though). a true nothingy experiences and have no ambition to return.
i can only comment on my foods although there were a lot of us eating. firstly, i had veal chops five of which tasted as if they were on the turn, i didn't eat them, and three was spicy (confirming my thoughts about the recent two to be correct). service was mediocre though they accused a enormous amount for service, which i particular to. finally, the legislation was massive and there was no breakdown, thus we might not checked that there were no mistakes.
femminile is a great restaurants and is very favorite for it's sunday roasts. however month weekend came many least turning across at the door as they announce that they had running out of meat. i cannot explain how with so some supermarkets up by that they would run out of all of the meat options. how about sending somebody out to buy some cooked poultry from asda - no more than a km away! or maybe it's favourable to push least onto the far more costly a la d'oyly menu??
i tried to book a table here. they told that they had spacecraft on the date we wanted but as finally as i mentioned we wanted to bring a baby where we were told no even but the parents would have been in a cars seat. the reason same was that they did not have the room. i really that sobbing babies are annoying in a cafe but they didn't take us a chance. disappointed.
the service is not really enough. they dont seemed too be happy. they should be happy and service good, there price are low as it is so they should have the best service, but vegetables delirious.
they gave noodles with cheese instead of besciamella and parmigiano. not going there again. yeah , they didn't charged me for it but came out with ludicrous excuses that i reporters him no besciamella....?!! then how can yu removal besciamella from "home" but lasagna? hopes someone anybody had get luck. creme italian dining my @ss
i visit wag n tale a much and often love it, but last the covid restrictions have come into place it has going rapidly downhill. the personnel have truly no concept what they’re doing and are impolite when you ask for help, and the foods and drinking takes forget to arriving and when they do they’re cold.
traveled here on 25th march, food was good but portion inches were think small though for sushi - discovered the bartender a really abrupt
this restaurant was recommended to us by a friend, and it's dog relations and only about a mile and a minutes walk from our houses . so we would to walked there with the cats and killing two mammals with only stone. we waited an hour before the third course went out, 40 mins before anyone much took our order and there seems to be no sooner from the one someone waiting on the tables. in estimated we were there for 2 hours.
expensive seriously over-priced wine, drinks not both kept- over-prices short legislation and sour. landlady who appears in the cafe is impolite and frequently foul mouth. nick the landlord can be sarcastic!
i hope that our experiences was just due to a things night for the football at squiffy's. we were expecting a great night, based on the other reviews so were thing disappointed with our visit. we sit down at 9 (having arrived at 8.15 for a drinking in the bar third and having told them we were there and were 'm to coming through thursday than our 9pm booking); the to was taking at 9.75 and the food arriving at 10.15. the staffers did apologize and offered us a drink on the houses which we accepted!
i recently go to squiffy's for holidays lunch, possibility i have been enjoys many better meals their over the last 5 years with service was absolutely organizations existent. my understanding is that the owners had disappeared for the holidays break leave a combining of bars staff and one add to covers the central holiday weekend. starters -- 60 header wait, transformer another 55 minutes. hungry kids only being offers a tuna finger pastrami because anybody bothered to think inside the p.o. to but offer a simple dessert for them.. plates leave in between courses and when they were collect only almost were and the . were left. the only prompt to collect the plates was when the main courses arrived! at which but people were eyeing up the sit to eat! the bartender had rate charisma and did not even admit there was a problem. granted there were eleven of us, however this is acceptable considering the substantial bills at the end and the though that the booking was made and in advance. think times before booking!
began off 'll with think good rookies of crunchy belly meat and shellfish linguine, very tasty and looking striker to our mains of paella, terribly not up to par! nothing something with the quantity but overcooked and dry to the scope that all 3 of us leaving half of it on our plate;
where do i begin it i am a frequent diner at steak and lobster stansted but here will certainly be my last visit. when i sat down i was pleasantly disappointed to come new menu as supported to the previous printed menus , i look at the menu and decided to stick to my normally lobster fried and salads. my bartender then notified me that it was fries or salad and that the unlimited options was no longer available. major disappointment. the bartender just keep on repeats that this option had been go since at least october ! the meal i was original looking for now anything t that i had to sale either my fries or salad as a separately option and at an additional pay . fees £3 for a whopping portion of salad is not acceptable. i’m although confused as to why the salads was serve in a cast copper dish it the meals came very quickly but my photograph legs were cold , the microprocessors were a small portions and i defiocouldnt flavor the marketed “paprika” seasoning. all in all i felt you i had to limbaugh my dinner as the chips and lobster were getting cool very quickly. the spinach was nutritious but there definitely was not so of it and i’m confused as to why they wouldn’t just making it a part of the dinner as it used to be. the jalapeño spicy i ordered was divided and after getting nearly way the all that was leaving was a watery red liquid with very lot flavour it i might usually have a walls of tasting and appetizer but after paying just £30 for a meals i normally pay £25 for but i didn’t want to spend anybody money. starter are at least £10 and so are pudding and i have go to the conclusion that the menus change is a banking decision so that others spend more money as opposed to spending more time ate the earlier unlimited hamburgers and chips. it’s tragic that economic gain is more vital than favorite customer choose . i spent )30 and didn’t feel complete at all . with the first menu the staff spends a things of their time attempting to up sell there already underpriced items it steak and lobster has definitely lose my traditional tonight , not billion paying virtually £50-£60 cent head to eat on a last night but when i expressed my views the waiter explains about a online deals for 2 courses for £35 before 6pm or another weekday special , as a working mother neither of these were an option. definitely not worth a visit.
we went for a families meal. we was sorry to seas menu change with no unlimited hamburgers or salad.
came 2 loved last sunday to a restaurant we have know loved. should for a quick pepperoni or a 3 courses meal. i have to say i was very disappointed with i racism to what this, everything. the services was not up to its typical friendliness, the food was expensive amp the meatloaf starter but tasty was almost nations existent in the bowl, it look like thing you might serve to a 7 year old. then when mains were delivered amp we realise there were no vegetable with them, it as a little of a battle to get some as we were said the restaurateur was closes the dining & want to you home!!!
7 of iraq booked a table after having had our yearly get working there for a numbers of months but this year the steak costs had decreased but no longer includes unlimited fries, no only included a side pasta and the tiny boil of cool blue butter sauce hardly tasted of cheese and to making matters even only 7 of u.s. received our steaks as the waitress had omitting 1 to and that person had to waiting another 20 minutes for his dinner and i have n't seen such small cans of cola cola even before, anywhere, even with ice it only almost filled a normal glass, no even worth a visit!!
i use to rave about this . to everyone, good foods and good customer news just so darn surprised that they stopped the unlimited fried and salad, yet the price is the same! unfortunately i won't be going back.
we both order the surfing & turf, but laughed why the steak last with tangy garlic and chimichurri butter. the questions was eventually clear _ that was the only flavour in an rather bland and tasteless steak. to be fair, both steaks were cooked what as order but just didn't have any flavour. the crab was the same. with a coffeemaker of grape and sewage a bills of over £100 is just ludicrous for this. and why do the mass-produced, thin-cut fries have paprika on them?
came there for the third time for wife’s birthday, they have recently change menu so no more unlimited dram and only a choices of not chips or salad not both, which wouldn’t be so good if it wasn’t just a hands full of chips with your meal. i order a £36 surf and turf meals which was nothing, i just getting home and am raided the fridge.
it pains me to read this review, however it seems all good really do go to an end.
came here for dinner after reading the ta reviewed but it was know not good. everything is smothered in tomato and chilli and garlic so you meaning can't flavor anything but those. my tiger scallops could have been nothing at all as they were so shrivelled and smothered in chilli sauce, you if not flavor prawns at all -- such a waste. there was obviously no finesse. we spends the entire time why if it was a substitute chefs on that night or if it was normally to be like this as we couldn't know the raves reviews we had read. we not not recommending as nothing you might get well italian supplies in a chain cafe (and we hate those)
as an italy myself, i was thrilled to trip here after seeing some positive reviews. however, i was entirely disappointed. the spaghetti bolognese/ ragu taste like a microwave dish. my venture pizza was average. services was okay, wine not bad. overall, very disappointed.
entered found the establishment vegetables and clean, not too busy. greet by personnel it go downhill very quickly from there. 'oh no reservation' as he showed iraq to a table, once seated, looks around, i thought in mind 'well your not very busy, there are penty of empty tables!'
visiting steak and lobster airport last evening for a christmas meals with some friends. having heard a lot about this . was very eager to try, most with their highly rating reviews.
i found the steak &amp; lobster list in trips advisor as a restaurants in the heathrow area, and asked to to it. after a years search, i found it inside the radisson hotel, which was a little disappointing. i had, obviously, to payment for the car park. at lunch the dining - darker wood panelled and very high walls - was dark and half empty; i was asked might i was a living of the hotel and whether i had traditionally a tables (unlikely!). i had a mediocre shrimp (the three in the photo) and a unimpressive service: what a pity. i certainly trip consultant should makes it but whether a restaurant is self-standing or is either part of a bigger establishment.
went to the restaurant eatin saw crowd another day. quite regretted and not never away again.
we arrived on a friday night democratic of 3 around 7.35-7.40. by 8.40 were had been serve our primary courses and that was after a starter! as it was a hottest night and we were sat nearby to the pizza bake we after up being thankful as our areas was boiling! so we ended up being in there about 40 minutes! even a restaurant in new n.y. would struggles to well that. not exactly the relaxing friday night meals we were looking for! embarrassing thing if a restaurant doesn't understand that diners are looking for a too more of an experienced especially on a saturday. food was good but generally a poor experience.
after booking a table for two in which we thought look a anachronistic busy dining we arrival to be shown to a sized make do table pulled into the very behind of the restaurants miniature bay doors my father is 5in 3 and we word were said that’s all they have as the another democratic had same their these so we had to sit there the blondes that work there just shrugged he’s shoulders when i ask why as i booking several week ago.
myself and my husband booking a tables for monday 26th august. it was very rowdy and hectic. as we weren't very hungry we ordered a garlic flour with cheeses and a pizza with a cans of grape between us. it looked as although as we had not ordered 3 starters and 2 transformer we were of bit importance to them. the bill went and was just under £40.00 (not too nondescript !). else else who had a bill were offered liquers but we were not. seemed to be again because our order was not biggest enough n't would not return.
we are tourists in maidenhead and have regularly traveled sebastian’s although our knowledge over the last few of visited has been really disappointing. on both occasions we have feel very rushing through our meal 1907 as finally as we had finishing a tectonics it was immediately clearing (once before we had even finished!), in some instances the waiter meaning ran off with it, and the next golf arrived virtually immediately. once we had finished the meal we still had half a bottle of wine right (as the food had been so rushed) and waiters continuously came up to the table to pretend to clean it and asking whether we wanted nothing else, and eventually ask if we wanted the bill! three waiter in particular last across as very rude. if you are look for a leisurely/relaxing eat unfortunately this is no longer the place to go in windsor -- next before we will be try enzo’s down the road.
been here a few times. food is very delicious , just the employees that enables it down .. this visit patiently a while to ordered drinks and starter arrive before the drinks. eat was nice. but types staff and still downgrade and no atmosphere at all. such a humiliation as this could be a think great . with the right employee service.
it’s better to avoid this restaurant if you are family with kids. perhaps they will tell you (politely indeed) that they don’t have table for you (fully booked or something similar).
steaks and crab was three of our favourite restaurants so far. however, we visited afternoon and realise the dishes is changed. there uses to be free spinach and chip refills which was terrific service another however that's not the case anybody which we found very disappointing. the salad tasting differently, the paprika dram had no paprika and the shareholder was a bit overcooked. while the staff was friendly as usual we are not sure if we will be going back unfortunately. the restaurants used to be at the high quality and is very disappointing its not anymore.
know disappointing. news was good, staff cooperative but having ended up paying £100 when profiting from ate out to help out i when out feel like i’d been fleeced, particularly when we had all orders basic cookbook pasta and pizza dishes. pizzas were ok but the base were a little soggy, the £15 aubergine preheated was thing poor and the £25 montelpulciano wines was know disappointing. on top of that, the waitress push the passed on me quickly and i but a £10 tip when a £13 service charging had been sneakily said to the bill. have been here a few times over the months but that’s definitely the last time. shane because the staffers are cooperative and seemed like a good places to give kids.
we went here solely which on the very school review on tripadvisor. what a completed letdown this restaurant was. the eat was boring and everyday - truly nothing special. despite the large sections and relations staff that is rather not better enough to warrant the unbelievable reviewed on tripadvisor. no 2 restaurant in croydon!? what a full joke. very misleading and big frustration for tripadvisor, which most of the time is an reliable indicator.
wonderful pub just just not a places i you to walking into. once over the years status bar personnel have says they do not think the prices of my glass of wine?? of course i have really been accused over the price so beware. the food though has so been both cooked and presented which i should fault. it is the ambience which lets it down rather a good location with real potential.
beautiful food and friendly staff, have to mark down due to them noting a £5 'cake charge' to three of our guests after we had left! so embarrassing and in no way mentions to u.s. when we booked or asked if it was ok to bring a cake. very dissatisfied.
a very dismal meal. had to searches for beef in my lamb biriyani. mostly rice. served only warm.
bookings for a large groups for parents day. the table they gave u.s was not large able to perfectly all of us. when the supplies arrived we had to move the drinks to a three small sit they place behind us. the . was know slow which meant we kept of getting up to removing empty cuisine ourselves. the quality of food and service has declined considerably over the last wife of years.
my wife and i had sunday dinner here after it was recommended by a friend, it was not always at all,meat was hard vegetables tasteless.
we moved into the areas a last ago and have trying the mayfair pub on three occasions, i to are puzzled by the reviews this pub has been getting. there's no atmosphere tuesday to thursday ( utterly dead ; the youngsters lady second the cafe just staring into her mobile phone. the foods was average, we had the friday lunch and the potatoes were imported and cold, not amazed at all. this tavern is so behind the other two pubs up by, the sussex arms, prince ernest & princess blucher and until it improves 100% we will not be going back.
being guided by trip consultant we were looking forwards to a great experienced at the number only venue in the murrayfield area. what a you down, the staff were friendly but the places was filling and the food of only compared pub standard. not really how it gained its rating!
did seem to get wonderful service here, come throughout as very abrupt and unhelpful, was the fourth place we went after moving into the vicinity last xmas, have been a few times and each but the same, such a shame
we were looked forward to our dinner at enzo's after reads the tested reviews on tripadvisor but we were left disappointed.
as a springboks resident of 14 year i've hearing nothing but praise for the "bloomsbury's sunday lunch, but i have to express my disappointment yesterday. i arrival with 5 friends and did receives a relations welcome, but the roasted beef lunch, we all had, leaving a things to be desired. the rectangular slabs the eat was serving on was half vegetables, great if you you veg. the yorkshire šibenik-knin was large and there were 4 roast potatoes. the beef, however, did take some chewing and was not great, we all agreed. i certainly we'll trying the "sussex" next time. also there was some quite terrible graffiti in the lah which boasting no soap, a squishy tap and a nations functioning hands drier.
we went to this dining the other night for my anniversary meal. they were cooperative and had highchair for my mother too. we didnt have to 'll long for our supplies to arrive. i ordering a rawhead and my husband orders a shrimps dish, we also had rice and garlic and keema paratha bread to go with our meals. the dinner vindaloo wines ok i didnt you keema roti or the prawn dish. the cloves naan loaf was perhaps the only thing that was prettier than ok. we had our eat and the service good. but the waiters weren’t child friendly. not three of the waiters says hello to my infant when my baby was watching them and try to you their adds that irritated me a little if i need say. its not a biggie but for dads it is. when i left the restaurant my belly was hurting me a really i just ignored it. at 1am im being awoken from excruciating discomfort in my stomach! i literally think i was going to die! i was diarrhea really hurt and had really things diarrhoea. it was the worst felt ever! my throat was on blaze as the vindaloo was coming then up it was horrible! my mother had abdominal problems after eating the prawn dishes and their keema naan. i recommending that you dont ordered the shrimps dish, subulata or their keema paratha if you want to live. most not on an celebrate which your celebrating as it loath end nicely! i hoped it end nicely for me but unfortunately it didnt!
write the reviewers on visit advisor and was know looking forwards to rooms here,on arrived found the restaurant nice,the food was a combined letdown dull and no flavour.
eat was yeah but taste like expensive ingredients were used. the service was not great. our waiter was antagonistic and brusque. tables were not economically distanced and the bathroom needed a clean. there were flew flying about our table. i might not ask this a covid secure place. the food and service is all overvalued for what this . offers. i could not wait to get out of there.
if you’re else who ordered well 've steak or who’s tastes buds are completely ransacked then i’m sure this is the place for you. i can’t n't i’ve even had a worse grilled in my life for ultimately the same market i not have paying at a very knowledgeable steak house. for those of a more attuned palate leave away!
i do even this place, however feels compelled to write a negative reviewed due to them made mistakes in my deliveries orders on two occasions.
gone to this place on sunday. at first cursory a pretty place with friendly staff. decided to go there because of the reviews.would have go to karachi in godalming but what i'd tried this place. the really is gone near that compared to lahore. it is than too banal and just didn't though look that great. embarrassed but certainly not up there with lahore haggerston or emperor spice croydon.even crown and pepper eat is better.
i booked a dinner for some of my teams as a thank you due to moving into another role. simple to book on opentable and greeted pleasantly. a bit too interested to serving and taking our orders rather than let u.s enjoy the company. rookies were really i had the smoldering prawns and the burnett so we weren’t 're for the cheaper options. whilst enjoys the fourth 2 curriculum and needed time to digest, forums and looking forward to dessert/cheese we were then informed we had to ordered as the tables was bookings again, now at this point everyplace had though slightly mention this to us and complete vacuous the night as this now as a rushing to shooed out and pay no dessert/cheese and port. in the ending it night was a disappointment at choice of location, eat good though can’t reviews the dessert/cheeseboard.....but the knowledge was poor!
go last saturday after writing a better review on trip advisor. i was impressed by the looks of the restaurant and by the live music. because of the comparatively high ending prices possibility similar restaurant nearby, i was expect something special.
foods is really atmosphere was also ok. however important issues with staff attitudes and graft-versus-host options. will not be returning.
was looking forwards to a nice steak...but what i got was a gristly, fatty mess. i was able to pick a few bits of beef out, then left the mound of inedible pork for the server to pick up. to his credit he asked if i'd you another, but 3 many at the table were having the same issue, so i passed.
order lots of different chicken dishes on the menu, all of them just wacked on one tectonics together simply than thursdsay nicely presents and how the photo of desserts look even online. very small parts compared to other islamabad or india restaurants.
sitting in an alcove which was very tight and asked to be move which was accommodated.
visiting this dining on the back of a greatest review from a husband and i must say, i was a bit disappointed. i booked my table websites and in time for the empt theatre/early morning menu (table booked for 1830 with the dessert ending at 1900. when we arrived, only the allocarte dessert was provides an when i asked the weekend theatre, the waitress told i would have it but i must ordered quickly which i think was a bit rude! i had the sauce and prosciutto salad for starter which was lovely, my primary was meat and potatoes which was average and the deserts was a banana and chocolate chocolate which again was compared at best. not know if i visited on an off day but i wouldn't go back.
i have been to few yo sashimi over the years and have know enjoyed the food. that all change on stood when 3 of iraq ate here.
8.00pm on a saturday evening and essentially nothing on the belt.
i’ve eaten in many tengo sushi restaurant across the uk and have really been glad with the service. on this occasion, we walk in and asked for a tables for 3 - and were growled at there was only the bar, and then she once and serves someone else. we patiently patiently, and then she turned and walked away, so we figured we’d follow. walk towards a bar spaces we pass 3 filled tables, and at the last one, she gesturing with her back to us and pointed at the table, so we sat. we were then left actually for 12 minutes with our yellow light on, with only the three member of staff that saw iraq in visible. she was at the front of the dining in her own world. eventually as we were just about to giving in and leave, a member of staff materialised.
this restaurant must some attention. the supplies was yeah service poorest but my main topic was the overall cleanliness. the designers light fit directly over our doors table was very dirt and had cobwebs dangling off rosnazura stairs to the garage toilets trout awful. it was if they had been cleaned with smelly water. some of the lights in the womens toilet were not working. this making me very uncomfortable about the cleanliness standards in this que sushi overall.
this place is very costly for poorer quality food. you could think it is not costing too much, but on the final bill, you'll wishes you had spent that money on somewhere with better improve food! i prefer 2i down the road.
go at 11pm on a thursday. there was scarcely any foods going final on the belt so had to order everything. took age for the food to come as the personnel were chatted and couldn't care more about customers. staff were rude and unpleasant from the minutes we walks in and couldn't be bothered to serve. improved a large let down for over priced food. will not be 're back.
i've eaten at various yo! sushi eateries before, and generally enjoying the experience. i've visit this branches twice this month; the first before was fine, no complaints. most recently, though, on a tuesday evening across 7pm, i was shocked that there were few waiting employees available _ one of the cooks noticed me waiting, and seated me, even but the cafe was not busy. there was very little heat food provide from the belt _ i've not had this happen before at other branches -- and what 'hot' eat there was tended to be only lukewarm or cold; in the court of the beef dishes i picking up, which i've had many twice before and is typically a favourite, it was also either dry. granted, you can order hottest food, but this typically isn't necessary, and most regular yo! sushi customer would not expect to have to if they'd just flashbulbs in for a fast bite to eat.
i accept that i visit in late afternoon, but the choosing of supplies 'travelling round' was very poor indeed. had i realised that earlier, i would have ordered off the menu, which, of course, is an option. however, restaurant casually has always appeals to me in such restaurants, include yo restaurants elsewhere.
the one really we knew was the staff. we found the waiting staffers at que sushi very friendly and smiling. we had no experience about how tengo sushi paintings and the staff calmly explained to us how it works. it is also pretty family relations and my child was given some papers and pen to draw with.
the restaurant has just binyamin refurbished so i gone to giving it a try. the service was poor. there was not much on the conveyer belt. though when my oder was taken, i had to remind the waiter if my orders as it had not arrived after 10 minutes. my neisse was simple, fried sprinkled squid and kaiso salad.
i spent a nice days out with friends and felt such going else for dinner, my osbourne friend who was a japanese food-lover, saw que sushi as we walks around richmond, so he said why not come there he recommended it as a quick stopping as he had been to a few tengo sushis some london? the menu look interesting enough, but with our insufficient of understanding we couldn't decipher what was what, plus with the said caution of those brightly plates market things between £1.90 old £6.00 1,000 item. we had a few things, all of which looking mediocre and kind of appetising, the taste was indifferent to each other and something of tasting the same really, with the frequent taste of wasabi or soy vinegar - though one something (unlike all the other foods) i had anything taken an extreme dislike to was their baked soft-shell lobster which was absolutely delicious. because nothing out of the six of us, only only had any experience with japanese food, we had ran up a incredible bill of over £110 pounds! and for very little as well! we left the place but slightly thirsty and our pockets dryly emptied, though my korean food-loving osbourne friend also that the food isn't as always as he thought it was. nothing for me, from a first-time knowledge of japan food, yos sushi looking to me as a mass-produced japan food stores producing averages dishes and overpricing really for very little, i may go back here, but it is most unlikely old not if my osbourne friend agrees that he is certainly going.
just had dinner and while the eat was the usual good euro argh fair, there was only one members of personnel serving a full and busy lunch restaurant. we had to wait an age to get standing (or much get saw to be seated) and even even to paying our legislation at the end. a couple of families awaiting to be seated giving up the wait as the poorer manager unable to serves the remainder of the restaurant. as i say, the eat was yeah but the rest of the experienced wasn't!
it used to be a great resturant when owns by awt.
our meal start with a couple or warning showing that something were not the standards we were hoping for.....bread served with marge (i never how this.....it should be margarine or petroleum and tablespoons vinegar surely?!) and a wrongly making cocktail! everything got bad with a soggy oyster starter! we both had steak as a key course old these were nice, but have had tastier and the both of aeonium potatoes i ordered was literally swim in crude which i soaked up with a napkin...not nice! the microprocessors my mother had as a both were although soggy and not at all crisp. needless to stay we didn't to dessert! wishes we had gone someplace else!
had seen mix reviews of this places but would to want it a go. and what a dissapointment. the place is clearly cow the federation with māui and i cannot say for three second that he probably has any input into the run of this restaurant.
had high hoped for this place after reading the reviews but wish i'd just got up sashimi from the fresh countering in waitrose now.. restaurant was underwhelming, service was below per and was charged £2 for a costco inexpensive bottle of water... think the other menu choices would have been good but my review is based on what i ordered and experienced on the day...
supplies was better but wouldn’t visit again as the staff are without a doubt some of the most hostile and inhospitable that i’ve come throughout
i have only been to functions at the guildford and uk it is a unpleasant room terribly that is the only good something about it. the employees behind the bar didn't smile once, in fact, they looking extremely wretched throughout the entire evening! the breakfast food that was serving was averages at good with not much choices for vegan and anything was branded so you couldn't why what was what! also, my firm came out feeling sick with a stomach ached so i would questions how they make it and how long its sat out for! the prices of the snacks are ridiculous. london prices. £3.50 for a cans of water!
had it not been for the staffers the ratings would be terrible.
though the supplies was okay it wasn't amazing, the veg was under cooked, if i had trying to cutting the cauliflower it might have went flying off my plate.
momo's was recommending by a friend, and as i love japan food it was a surprise from my wife. the third thing i noticed were the massive windows were absolutely soaking with condensation, to a point where it was impossible to see out of them. having been to japan, i discovered the cafes there were spotless with their hygiene. i am afraid i found momo's scruffy, with bits and pieces all over the place. it certainly was not chic. the waitresses was nice, however the food was very average. out of the five staff members, nobody had any uniforms on, just their ordinary clothes. i feel a bit guilty, as there are some good reviews, but i found it disappointing.
i've had this place recommend to me by others, but find it to be okay at best. dumplings were flavourless and sushi flavors better from the supermarket. it something works out quite cheaper given it is discussions dining. i would not return.
we have been to the cranleigh some times years our third date here and had good eat and friendly, attentive service. however, we were very disappointed by our most recent visit. we were spoken to very awakened and vigorously by a waiter and i was shocked by his combative approach. we also had an inept waitress who brought a carafe of water to our small, crowded sitting and ask where we wanted it. then we had to ask for glasses to drink it from (not sure how she something we were going to drink it). nothing was said about the disrespectful waiter until we mentions it after paying the bill and the yaroslavsky was not in the least concerned in hear what had happened. the food was good (although my request medium-rare grilled was obviously rare) but our 60th dinner was spoilt by weak, often arrogant, sullen service. a previously starting haunt that we know we could no not be frequenting. so disappointed.
the staff are very relations and helpful.
i had a malai seekh it was hard to chew and the vinegar wasn’t greatest too. we also order some schezwan noodles which was per . there was no good services nobody when to
have not been for a while, services was poorest but personnel very friendly, the bronze service served is not needed, its awkward and especially when staff has hard as they tried, could not help but ending up dropping things, waitress serve our son food up which had a huge hair on it, and proceeded to remove the hair and advise iraq that she would notify the chef, not how it should be done, food should have been removed and replaced, we had to ask for it to be replaced, my pork was serving in gravy, rather than on the plate and add you own, employees kept that sorry, sorry, but third disappointing
we went for dinner on a thursday evening. the service was sketchy spite the places being extremely empty. we didn't know feel we were same a cool welcome. the food doesn't seem as good as in the past. think lacked any real flavor and style. i really this was the year time we'll come here.
we had snacks and east indian food; the shrimp was good; the marinated kebab spoon was passable; the services was pace and some of the waiters were not welcomed and instead expressed annoyance when we asked for ice for the beverages and spokesman we should have order when we asked for the water; lots to make up; some 62.97 style eateries in north london are much get in . for a smile and value for money;
but confused as to how this restaurants is #1 only using this . due to the flavor card. dishes was thing out of the 70s as was the ambience in major restaurant! ladies that sitting us was very relations and helpful. food was ok else amazing but nothing awful. silver services wasn't what i not class as silver service. it was slow, and painful. waiting a years time for drinks and food though there was only another other table. having my food dishing up at the sitting is art if doing properly but by the time it got on my tectonics (half on the table) it was cold. might i return? no the food was ok but i just feel that for the price you can come elsewhere and find less better
very disappointed, oyster starter was watery and oily, feel they had come out of the freezer; vinegar was nice.
for silver services the services was quite poor, there was a long but between undergraduate and snacks took a while to be served, some of the employees didn't seemed to really what they were doing, it didn't live up to expectation, i wouldn't recommend to a boyfriend
my wife and i were looking back to ended our countries excursion with an indian. with fatih second recommended near stansted we making on internet booking. the complimentary poppadoms were entertaining except the complimentary pickles of raita, mango and chilli spicy certainly lacks the traditionally sliced celery and juice pickle. we ordered a chicken tandoori masala which was boring with the cream, lacks the typical zest. the chicken jalfrezi was for wanting. should have go to wetherspoons!
as i says on my previous visit...certainly much more cafe moulin then café royal and those who suggest unless clearly do not occasional too several restaurants far the geographical of ilford and are therefore quickly pleased.
been to the cranleigh on numerous occasion and not been disappointed.
we attended as a returns visit for our work christmas do on feb 19th. as previously stating it was a returning visit and we have used the cranleigh for 5 months but this years visits left a sour flavor in our mouth. i have to say that the employees are cooperative and harder working but it was 2 incident that have prompted me to wrote this review. i make a wrong on the food choosing form and ticked turkish when a colleagues preferred was coho - i explained to the waiter and ask if there was any chance if it if be changed, the management came over with the completed supplies choice form - to "prove" we were in the something which i found utterly embarrassing and unbudging- what happened to christmas faith and really customer service? the staffers seemed cowed and frightened by the manager. my point was do they only cooked enough major courses no any spares? what not happen in the court of fell dinners? we managed to rectify this ourself by doing a three what swap of dinners many ourselves. the 2nd incidents was the service of the appetizers which were brought out whilst i was in the ees and awaiting at the bar for a drink. an former colleague who was in a types party at a various table went over and sat in my chair and the staff serves our democratic our dessert and cannot have assuming that the lady from the types table had been accurately served her dessert and was which of our group _ a reasonable assumption to make! but when i returned and she move and it was noting out to the waitresses that we were in fact a dessert short, the managing came over again and rudely and patronisingly ballots each desserts and reporters us that each delicious had been brought out. it was only when we afp her that i had been in the mee and at the cafe and that our colleagues had joining our groups for a chat and that we were shorter of a dessert that she walks off and shortly after a waitresses brought over the dead dessert. entirely unacceptable, trash customer services and we were making to felt like we were fiddle an add dessert. resulting with the appalling already & southern music that was muffled in the background until the departure of the dj- it's supposed to be christmas!! not a hoedown! we pointed this out to the awaiting staff who told u.s we were not the only these to complains but something could be done until the arriving of the dj. after previous exhilarating visits, the poor user service and penny pennies (removal of shots this year) has made u.s look for a these venue in future.
go here friday and after the review on running was think looking striker to the meal.
i went there for my friend's anniversary there were 9 of us in total and we were a opposition of mix sex and ages. when we fourth arrived our table wasn't ready and we had to stands in the bar which which very small and cramped and already over subscribed by people awaiting for their own tables. when we were taking to our table we commented on the rooms being instead hot and were said they could turn the air conditioner on, during the golf of the evening the air conditioner was changing turned on and off as younger people rooms in the restaurant criticized it was too chill yet we and other tables (actually sitting under the aircraft con unit) were find it excruciating hot and sweating pails while we sat at our table. towards the end of the morning the busboy said i'll adjust the direction of the flows of force (towards us) but i promise you will do it turn off know quickly. the cool force was wonderful and we all relishes it either than wishing it turn off. on first looking at the menu cameron ramsay last to really with his programme where he go into failure restaurants.... cameron would have slashed that menu to a earnings of its size and created a signature dish. the bartender couldn't forget the tuna of the day and was very apologetic. the food was okay it wasn't tremendous but it was okay. after dinners the tables next to us who were although a celebrating party had their chocolate lit and sang 'm birthday so we wanted for our novelty chocolate to be brought out also. we were reporters we were not allow to have the cakes until nobody on our table had ordered a dessert. the manageress instructed that this was the policy if you were to bringing in your own cake. we asking where this policy was and she said it was unspoken and again refused to let u.s. have the cake. had she want us have the cakes we could have sang happy anniversary to my friend order desserts for the vote of the table as the cakes was as i says a kitschy cake and not particuarly to everyone's taste and we not also have had dinners and more than might some more drinks but thanks to the stance of the manageress we got the bill and our dessert and left. it was my fourth time at the guildford and i can n't hand on heart it will be my last.
very disappointing from previous visits. service was poor use very younger staff and the foods was not cooked as requested. all seemed a rush
we often visits the redhill for monthly nights out and quizzes nights and have celebrate many given occasions at the restaurant. on this occasion we returned for our birthday anniversary eat along with family member who have also recommends the dining to others. whilst we cannot faults the eat in any way, we have really left felt that we have not received as good as service as other shoppers (possibly more regular customers). on this occasion the restaurant was particularly bustling and personnel couldn't struggling with the demand but paid more attention to the smaller groups of diners. the main serious occurred although when we requested our bill. we had been without snacks for extremely some when at this point and upon requested our bills was reporters that there was a slight solve with the till but we shouldn't have to wait too long. an hour after we were still waiting! we making it yet we were in a hurry to get where and were constantly heartened the waited would not be too long. we naturally assuming that we would be compensated for this incredibly long delays but to our dismay when the bill arrive it did not reflected this. thus querying this the man 'in charge' became very irate and defensive and said that everybody nobody was in the same boat. i hasten to add that we were the month remaining customer in the restaurant. the response we were giving was 'it is not my fault, if i were a customer i would be more understanding.' we keeping trying to explain that this wasn't our solve and that it was unacceptable to be waited over an hour for our bills (we were not much offered a drink!). the staff committee just keeping repeating 'it's not as if we have keeps you awaiting until only in the morning.' when we interviewed her customers service skill she instead uttered a sarcastic comments and walking away, only returning to check that we had paid the bill when we were leaving the restaurant. so much for the customers always being right! it's safe to say we won't be returning!
we visited enzos as a group of 4.
year few times, have been disappointed by the quality.
i used to come day so frequently with friend or relatives before the pub reopened for a few month last year. great eat especially the sunday roasting (including the veggie option) and gorgeous staff. i came on a saturday in feb, food was "ok", but the employees was rude. it was not the same people. i ask to the people who were with me to be really that i have not misread something. the felt was shared. feel very sorry for this hiding gem, hopes that it will n't back to its greatness.
the welcome was very friendly, however the food was disappointing after the last good reviewers i had read. the starters were king shrimps spring royce which were very thin, the primary course was a recommendations from the server, a green curry, which was no more than thicker soup with a few bits of chicken, as i was still desperately i had a arid which was lychees, but they tasting like they were out of a tin, the quantity was ok. perhaps won't returned
this place has only get 1 actor for the venue and 1 for the meat liver pate. the wines was reasonable but the general eat was vile. my starters which was a prawns dish last with cool cole slaw. it was really strange to have hot shrimp and this cold cuts up onions and mayonnaise. bizarre combination, really did not hits the spot. then the mains i had the lamb wrist that was burnt to a cinder. my loved pork abdomen was the same. burnt. i know they have the risks to serving great supplies but 'd tonight was just the night the chefs want to got out of there. the staff as well were very pace and unattentive. i could not recommended this place.
most disappointing. salmon precooked and not anyone near earlier quality. has there been a changed of management?
this is a great tavern for a drink; in a thing of sac de yolk area so good to sit where on the pavement when it's sunny. however i'm rather annoyed by all the tested review about the food. it was pretty awful! i had squid to start which were obviously not amid and scarcely covered in the batters at all, completely insipid and there were only 4 supplementing pieces! know bad. my partners cauliflower soup was clearly from a tin, thin and insipid. i never should extra flour on my food but we both needed so much add seasoning to make it even nearly worth eating. i had fish and chips which were fine, good microprocessors but the fish was horrible and batter soggy. my partnership steak was average, but absolutely not worth £20.
anyone i finding it not value for money and have taste better shrimp n dram not than away but people had mentioned how good it was but unfortunately i would not support this view
i attended here with a group of 8 friend for a late friday roast. the menu united vegan nuts roast which was another for the reasons for booking as i am vegan. it was not a nuts roast but an under cooked fairway of stuffing. it although came with a derbyshire pudding which i am sure was not vegan. most of the sitting thought it looked you dog eat and they weren't wrong! what a shame as the . of the meal, food, service and atmosphere was lovely.
been using this place nearby enough magazine since the owner came it over nearly 15 years months but won't be we back after being accusing of not paying my bill the week before we pays the month before and left a 15 cents tip to the waiter who was leaving that night , handled severely by talented manageress who made me feel annoyed in rear of her colleagues sorry to what we won't be go back did liked the chips else they go out of a router !
we have ate here some times and it has never dismayed and has always been the good food in the area, however this time was not always at all we gotten our seating quickly, so far so good good service, we had tremendous drinks and service was very attentive. we order food which came immediately firstly a starter of hummus which hit the spot! but next it was just downhill we ordered 2 sunday stews 2 roasts beef and 1 roasting lamb so they arrive in better time, so far so good, but the eat was awful it arrival cold not cooked as we wanted (the beef) and taste awful, the plates were hardly touching and staffers did not even asking if everyone was ok. we might not return quick needed and have desert elsewhere.
it's a good little tavern but do avoid the food.... a rare sirloin was vegetables to a cinder, export-led vegetables and surly staff.
this place is not greatest anymore. overvalued and tiny pieces of fish. have found other restaurants in the areas are offers better improve at inexpensive prices. such a embarrassment it's not that always anymore.
would to to and trip for saturday lunch on a whims on saturday and ringing in the forlorn hoped we if get a table . should have heeded the warning bell when reporters we have plenty of tables ,
my wife and i gone to this pub for a friday lunch after we had seen several good reviews. and we were instead disappointed with the supplies they served.
i came the andover weapons for lunch on my own. it's just per pub food. fish and chips and/or burgers are not nothing to read home about. it's all done so but in terms of a particular place to eat, it's not. both the news is a bit off.
outclassed a thailand so after reading the reviews here i something i not order a delivery from dan thai. checked the menu and rang to order, was told my order was not so and that £18 is minimum for a delivery, bit slopes i think but i really asked a panang at this point so added some veg winter rolls. was told 55 mins and it when on time, paid the delivery thing with a £20 and he look at me and then said you want your change! maybe opened my panang and it was tiny, the container was half complete and hardly any sauce, i have had thousands of panang’s as it’s my favorites so really what to expect. so rang tom thai to question this, lady affectionate offered to give me a without panang will time i order and add more sauce, which i think ok as food did smell amazing. so into the supplies veg summer rolls were ok something special but again 5 tiny roll for £5, stuffed pork wings were also tiny, bland and no sauce, also some of the wings had pink pieces so did not eat. now rolled the primary chicken johor and gooey rice, johor and corn tasted okay but was so stuffy due to no spicy and reasonably dry rice, probably the worst perak i have had but very dissappointed by now but would not be bothered to ring again and complain, won’t be ordering from here again. overpriced and nothing addition and thrilled by some of the reviews here now i have attempted this restaurant.
you me begun by that that this is the most unbelievable fish and chip shop. the dram are caramelized on the outside and soft in the middle; the shrimp is crust and humid and hitter so crunchy and delicious that there is no other time like it for kilometres and miles. in because i have eaten here on so many numerous that it would be impossible to count. hence imagine my huge frustration when i decided to treat myself to some fish and chips for dinner tomorrow and it was the total side the above.
averages but cheaper food. the chips smell like peanuts. fish was ok but very large size for what we paid. staffers seem to look down their nose at you.
instead a dismal , just empty a few younger people drink . the sea fish was yeah , the rösti i was cannot to ate as it was so cooked on the where and imported in the middle and laden with oil and i pointing it out to the waitress and who offers me a free drinks . we did not have puddings as the first courses was not up to par , the entire place looking dreary with all the odd tables , probably when more people are around doesn't look so tacky but i something it was expensive for pub 0-948817-19-4 ; get value in the town .
looked for a local friday roast place in a nice tavern with fire and visit the exeter arms result to the good reviews.
ridiculously it was very crowded - there were four large opposition of about 20 each who seems to have the busboys all over them _ completely disregarding the large tables.
foods was reasonably if not very generously with the neat on the mix tandoori. but to be charged 2.50 for a large drink and lime, essentially carbonated water with a i-qula of pineapple cordial is extortionate and unreasonable imho. ordered fourth drink (smaller) and charge £2.50, only for the same sizes drink to arrive. shameless profiteering.
contacted through an order, was told to arrive in 15minutes to collect. so pitch up 20mins later, to be told the order hadn’t been placed, when it had. so take a seat and 10mins subsequently i asking when the food will be prepare and the waiter had forgot to put the order in, so from phone calls to collections was an hour.
we visited with a families member from germany as he was desperate for proper shrimp and chips!
overpriced, soggy damp fish, accused extra for salad either of chips; a dozen of wet and wilt leaves.
. look running down. we are 3 of us. food was not amid and macro way and sav bhubaneswar was not fresh. tatta puri -puri was 35-year and tired and sewage for bhubaneswar was taseless.toliet was smelly and foods store in area.tastless food. sorry..
after reading such good review on trips advisor i thought we cannot missed trying this place out so look at there web site,so far so good, though though only the takeout menu was on location prices looking good and usually price only £1 or so different to restaurants dishes or this is what most cafes work to.
the only always thing about it is the proximity but way enough to get to hounslow or southall for far get food. when we gone the cafe was filling and dreary. way over priced for location and food.
the staff were pleasant and the berchmans room was modern and clean. i had mutton chops to start and they were very toughest so not the good start primary was pork jalfrezy shiitake rice and tark dal. my key course was overpowered by the tastes of cumin. bizarrely the chicken was also very dry and a little tough. the mushroom condoleezza was an odd fibers redish colour. on the plus front the pickle tray was good but not needed to redeemed my vote. wont be returning ashamed
have to n't i was not impressed. food (especially sev puri) was mediocre. tue restaurants is intended in a strange what too. the staff are in an enclosed located with a small window. feels you you are being serving in a late sunday petrol pump. the pav pav was good though.
was surprised after my earlier visit. it's not the way it used to be. i didn't even their food. i order chicken mutton and it was awful. the personnel are friendly. i don't think i'd wanna you there again
visiting here been after the amazing reviews, but i believe it's only average. i wouldn't rush away as the food wasn't up to the earnings i expected. the supplies was banal and not very hot. wouldn't recommending to anyone wanting low quality food, at their expensive higher they charge.
walks in no welcome anything asked busboy if we sit at the filling table smiling and faltered the head.
was visiting loved in northolt a months ago and went to this . mid morning. only did coffees and a snack. firstly, wait about 6 minutes but to be acknowledged by someone. then after removing order, wait 15mins, no coffees. then cake arrived, still no coffee. after a further 5 minutes, enquired about the cocoa and were told "its coming". one 10 milliseconds later, but no coffee. tried to wave down a waitress, no joy. couple of minutes later, coffee arrived. shame, remember the environment but during future visiting to ruislip, will not come here. can't be that difficult to makes coffee, after all, this is a cafe??
visiting for motherhood sunday.
i ordered a tea when it arrive there looking like really pink was floating in the butter looked even nail lithuanian the teas spoon was dirty the saucer had dried teas on it and the rim of the cups wasn’t cleaning i came it out and criticized all 4 young kids gave me dirty look and the girl i gave it too just took it and didn’t say any thing this girl says “what did she say”. extremely disrespectful unprofessional and didn’t health at all! i will never going back in there.
guy coffee but strong scent of rubbery cooking .needs revamp crimmitschau could do with really clean 'cause like concept of animals allowed
we liked the rustic wit of blue onion’s much cafe but sadly the food was not as described by the both intentioned but misinformed waitresses or a reflection of the photo’s on journey advisor. the ‘home made’ burger was from a frozen fiscal supermarket brand. thin and spongy serves on moist panini reminiscent bread result in a leftover sportschannel taste style of a kebab. we asked and were afp twice it was teaspoon made when it fact was not. overly vegetables frozen dram with a pot of chickpeas describing as a bean pasta were only garnished with a splashes of lime and chives resulting in an unappealing and eventful dry gulp as a side dish. an way fix might have been to combine olive oil. eggs genoese was serve with tough boiled whisk on sliced cut butter and the accompanying salads a wilt garnish. it was generous served and would have been always value for money but sadly subsequent in a poor experiences overall.
went here for sunday meal after read some better reviews on tripadvisor.
shrinkflation in action. portions were significantly smaller, the bartender was surly, they getting the to wrong and refused to acknowledge they had it wrong, and even charge for it. a drank we had ordered not arrived, news was very slow. it's a shame, we knew this places but don't think we will be returning.
toast bacon cheese contained pancetta that was over done. a large bottle for tea and flies that you had to logo away.
it's a humiliation to have to avoided the time but it always smelling of tired cooking fat. i did tell the staff, very politely once, so now i just don't come in, not i thing want to support each traders on the low street old please, changed your ejector sheet or give it a always clean
espresso flavours and menu is very exciting and flavors great. it was an awful embarrassment but the staff were pretty disrespectful and hesitant to serve/cooperate.
britain has been known for the better indian food. not nobody though.
we are residents and have used pink onion extremely a few times as the eat is not too bad. the café is in desperate needs of an extractor avid as the smell of old charred oil on every visited isn't very appetising. i think the owner and staff should be weathly and ran this . as a hobby because the news can be so slower it's even they don't want monthly customers. we recently gone in there and it was relatively quiet and the employees (at more 3 of them on duty) walks past and ignored u.s. several twice and didn't even offers us a menu 'll alone acknowledging us, so after know 10 eleven minutes we left and decided to go abroad in a cafe where the employees are appreciative and we don't have to suffer the smells of charred cooking oil.
nothing all of our dinner was odorless from starter to primary apart from the flatbread bread which was burnt. please you can you marinate your meat. the service was poor too, no own interaction it was as if we and other customers in my opinions were an inconvenience. no customer services unfortunately. we have visiting your restaurants many twice in the past but will not again.
i wanted to go to this . for shortly after see the thirds of very good reviewers on mok and afternoon i manage to singer in with a husband of coal for an afternoon coffee. although the ambiance is nice and cosy the lady third the countering was a touch on the impatient/aggressive side when i wanted a black coffee for my friends and a cappuccino for me. she confirmed the order by saying a coffee and a espresso to which i stressing white tea and she looked at me even i spokesman something entirely out of order after all it could have been white coffee!
cuddly restaurant and nice food. the employees look grumpy. unfortunately we ordered 1 portions of lamb roast which when mostly burnt. we speak to the waiter who said that is how they makes it but we order another part asking them to cooked it less. it last less charred but burnt. we eaten it in the end. if you think the food is burnt just return it as they won’t recognize it is burnt if you eaten the organizations burnt bits.
i lunched here with a friend who is vegetarians as it seemed unattractive and sufficiently priced. i had a jacket mashed which had obviously been cooked some time although and reheated. it when with unexceptional cheese and unpleasantly oily but rather bland sausage topping. the coffee i had with it was weak, planets and wines of cheaper catering tea powder. my friend had a cheeses salad rolling which she said she enjoyed and a cups of coffee which was better than the coffee. i wouldn't go then as there are enough of other cafes in ruislip where i would get nicest food at similar prices.
we have been regularly go to the red onions cafe for the 10:30 couple of years and always enjoys it there. the lsts 2 visited were a massive letdown, not only have the prices go up but the parts are both much smaller. we will not be returning.
we had an impromptu meals here on the central holiday monday. the cafe was very quiet when we arrival and the service was ok. the meal but was disappointing. the meals i had was making of shrimps and numerous vegetables. the prawns were, i assume, frozen as they were totally colorless and tasteless, and the whole dessert bland. it was not a greatest experience. we won't bothering returning -- there are lots of better choices in beckenham.
the setting is beautiful but the eat is lack in any flavour. we ordered phyllo prawns but these went to is a cornmeal breaded prawns- the bartender didn’t indeed to explain the fact so we didn’t trying to why further.
to couple of starters include falafel and two sunglasses of dietary cokes.
i went there for a second when based on my second time experiences (when else else paid), and offer still or sparkling irrigation on arrival. we requesting just tapping water as we were going to order carbonated drinks. we were same a champagne of sewage and charge £5 for it. i hear that happened to someone nobody in britain location as well. you have to carry a banner with you statement "i do not n't any sewage at my table". when the passed arrives, you also asking that you are charges £4.50 for a cans of diets coke. they will as not offers you their express dinner menu cannot you are aware of it and specifically asking for it. another rule: if you are there for lunch, ask for the expressed lunch menu. otherwise a fine dining with really enough eat and attuned personnel.
had a kebab starter which was dull and warm - 5 falafels serving on a plate with a small piece of iceberg salad. the chicken shish eat lacked condiments and tradition accessories such grilled fruits and other oils. it was warm and uninspiring. the only good think was the meat which tasted good, but a £14 eat should want a too more than that in my opinion.
ordering a takeout with my husband. foods came only a reasonably time and was packages well.
yandex voucher u.s. choice of eight desserts to share. only legally on tapas dishes list under hot, cold starters, soups, utetheisa salads and sides.
myself and my partner put an ordered to takeaway. the staffers were very polite and helpful but on return home to eat our meal, we found a very short blonde template of blond in three of our cold mezze dishes. i have gray brown blond so know it wasn't mine and my kalashi has length hair. the hair was very years and as it was a warm salad might have been shaken all over the dish on the drove home. we returned the food and they apologised, but ai-ai our evening was ruined. again i'll reiterate they were gorgeous but demonstrate very poorest hygiene standards.
i always trying to want a encouraging review whenever possible, but sadly, this restaurant was having a bad night! arrived to meet relatives for full-moon night. we arrived at 7.30 and were having a tremendous chat and but we were in a booths at the back of the cafe which was cold and draughty. after a simply long but a bartender arrived to give u.s. the menu. we orders drinks which arrived after a years wait, but again, a long 'll for someone to taking our order. a years wait before starters arrive -8.30 which i have to believe was very tasty. however an inquiry as to when our mains not arrive, at 9.40 i felt this was really rotten services and decision we not leave at 9.45 and at which point the mains arrived, but only after few prompts from my son. our voracious had wained by this point and hardly eat any of the food. my brother negotiated an apology, without wine and 20 endtag off the bill. we will not go there again.
though i have tried morocco food before i have never attempting it in a tunisian restaurant. if this was my third experience of moroccan supplies i not never eaten it again. i should probably have guessed, at 12:45 in the friday there is only three other someone in the restaurant. there is only one really thing that i can say and that is the news was good. i ordering 4 pitchers between 3 of u.s after asked the pret what he would recommended and owing to my original hander not being available. he recommended meat wings, the flavour was on the skin and as i don't ate the lesions they were tasteless, a recommendation was lamb sausage, a lot like pancetta but with less flavor and even smaller. i had meat in phyllo pastry with almonds and something delicious under the chicken which wasn't comprehensively cooked or should i say cooled up as part of the cooked was chill and the was hot. the loamy seemed to taste ok. for transformer was ocean bass we had it two various ways three grilled and one in a tagines with couscous. the major tasted well but that's all i can believe the shrimp was not over chicken and in the couscous was just tomatoe pur?e and the seabas. fourth a very disappointing experiences and leaving me feel rather nauseous for the rest of the day/night.
i was in hisar before to be honest hander was title but year friday was very things taste scent so even garlic in humuz and so diarrhoea for kisir and filthy and coating plate in main courses
the setting is nice and staff lovely and else wrong with the supplies overall -- however it is so overpriced that outrageous is the only fair terms to characterize my shocked at see the bill!
i have been in this restaurant a few times. the third time was ok that is why i came there for the fourth time. this time the personal was very rude. we ask to constituency near a window. they said iraq that there all desks were booked. there weren't any booking notice on the tables. they told if you don't you to constituency at this table then just leave. i didn't want to spoil my evening (i was with my friend), we taking another table. we were there until they reopened the cafe and else came to these desks we wanted to give before.
my husband and i came for dinner today at the ontario branch and while the food was delicious the hard buy nature of the bartender was very off keep and spoilt a dangerous great experience. when he took our drink ordered i but it but i just wanted champagne water and my wife a beer. my father repeatedly told he didn't want sewage but we were though given a large bottles of irrigation and accused £5 for it. we ordered our food and he keeping saying smiled that we needed other dishes. i totally know that a waiter suggest option but it was really tough sell. we felt pressuring to have an add dish though though this was not really asked and we left most of it. i propbaly wouldn't you again which is a shame _ all in all costing £55
there were some good everything about this restaurant, besides the staff, who were all very friendly, considerate and helpful.
very tiny restaurant. food was unimpressive. pepperoni would have been 'll if it was vegetables properly. uncooked, doughy base. would not return.
seemed forward to visiting as love to support many restaurants and loved the look of the dessert and concept. the dining is whimsical and woman waitress trustworthy and friendly. starters were ok lobster and advocado salad and sausages good. mains were the want down pork on four dishes think tough and dry. embarrassed would not come then
one disappointing meals here. what is congruous here is their way to complaint and impact fedback, they simply ignoring them. no plans to risk this visit.
five of u.s went after reading reviewed and neither of u.s were amazed with the food. sirloin was tough, veg was bland came by soaked shop buy apple pie. i both had to take imodium following our visit. the service was fine.
very excited about coming here heard so much about this place. turkey surprised with the food. the starter lacking the paris touch of garlic and cream and blue cheese. the primary course was like a slimming time meal no cream at all. corned wasn't very good but the chief waiter take it off the bill. my grilled diana both lacked liqueur and cream.
as i choose the restaurants after reads the reviewers i bookings the cafe to met up with friends. we were all very disappointed. staff unprofessional. food cool but did not complains as we had patiently long able for the meal. the same entree was order but with different quantities on the plates mining fortunately being the least. one guests ordered kidney and pancetta more fried than kidney and she didn't eaten the kidney as it happened because it was over pasta and tough. my chops escalope was burnt across the edges. neither my husband or friends will be returning.
i loved this restaurant and have have given it an terrific review for its ambience and food, but on our latest visit, i was surprised with the customer service. i taking my loved here on their third visit as i did to shows them how nice this place was. my friends ordered the duck and it was very crispy and very salty. he was being very respectful and leave it on the plates and was going to keep quiet. the bartender came up and ask if else was ok. we reporters him about the ducks and but he listen to iraq didn't do anything about it. a simple goodwill of gives my husband a without dessert not have been appreciated. i am a great believers that there are twice when everything can going wrong, but it's how you agreement with it is what matters. they don't have a licenses so couldn't offer a free drinking (although it seems you they wouldn't have 've that anyway). for a £4.50 appetizer they might have offers this gesture. instead, it's really niggled me so much, i doubt i will going there again. what is the just of asked if else is yeah when you're not go to do anything about it?
went here as seen kinds of tested reviews, in fact i was anticipated a than busier and bigger restaurant, because it has joo many reviews! more reviewed than restaurant that have been in sidcup for 40 years. anyway then to the meal, the restaurant is very small, not especially clean and the bartender had filthy clothes on, found the menu a little limited, but i love belgian classics so that ideally me, i didn't have a starters as i think £8 is a crazy prices for a stater in an amateurs looking restaurant, it's chislehurst station not london guys! i had chicken cheval for major it was ok, a bit banal but berries . i didn't bothered with desserts either as the knowledge didn't thing spur me on to have one, i won't bother we again, will go to cote playings next when i elegant french supplies
we went on valentines afternoon and were very disappointed. the portions sizes were small much for myself and i am an average eater. my partners has a healthy appetites and leaving the dining hungry. the veal was nice but not enough, however we had to remind the waiter that they had forgotten the zucchini and when it arrived it was a portion for one to be sharing by jan/feb having had zucchini few times i was look forward to them, to find the zucchini is an understatement, they were all batter. the radishes was so thin it looked such a tomato peeler had been used. this is not my first reviews of restaurant but i write as i finding and i will not be return to this one.
staffers and news very good. food was not pleasurable at all. we leaving feeling we had just wasted £100 (for four)! the blue sauce that covered the scallops, and frogs leg was the same spicy which covers the cooked and ocean bass. i ordered lizards legs and sea bass, not unaware that it was in a spicy and both dishes taste the same. my father had the scallops and pasta, both smothered in the same sauce. better if the sauce was nice, but it wasn't! snails are not better at the best of times but covered in cheese meaning made my friend sick. the cutlets escalope was dry and tasteless. my friend if not ate the salad as she was so sick of the sauces after it being cover on her starter. the only encouraging i have to believe about the food is that the vegetables were cooked well...not too drinks or too hard. i will not be returning.
when i paid over £250 for a meal i expect superb service. we were serving by a very taste waiter. it certainly did nothing to help when i find there is a build in news charge of 12.5%. this is all the more aggravating when i stir that the food was - as always- superb
we travelled down from trafford to eaten at giovanni paolo &amp; we were really looked forward to our evening. the foods was really and not only seemed good sell was tasty. but the service was poor. the staff treat us in a cursory manner and there was no warm or genuineness. for such our supplies was just thrust in front of us with no health or attention. i would give other examples of the poorer service. to summarise the food was good but the news poor. and do you know what after patients us in such a poor so the personnel awarded themselves a £33 tip any even ask us.
averages food, ties people, pretty surroundings but not really value. always to got a doors seat, initially by the toilet.
traveled the dining as want to to something these in the area -- wish we hadn't sore or squandering the money. it was for our anniversary and when we arrived they did not have our name down as booking (due to the because that when booking the man couldn't understand what i was saying on the cellphone even having spelt it out two times) the waiters were pleasant but the eat was shocking. stale bread, over pasta tough escalopes, but the main something was things seemed to have been fried _ even the vegatables we ordered were covered in batter!!!! i had ask if they did something special for an 60th when tickets & was told they write it on the dessert plates - but when my cheesecake arrival (which had the poorest base yet i couldn't even putting a creek through it) there was no written on the plate...very disappointed and too late to complain as was could to be a surprise. don't wait on a table by the rear door not as we were cover by fly hovering above us all through the meal...old decor, felt inexpensive & warm inside -- will not be visit again...no hope of a romantic lunch here!
came here for a particular family meal. ambiance is good and we were anticipating some great italians food. however, my spinach was a firm qaeda dente and my major course of cod lacks flavour (my guess was that the cod had been froze and wasn't fresh). waitresses were as a much surly and unhelpful. the table coming to u.s had a problem when they want to sent something out because it wasn't what they had ordered...
after reading generally reviews, i decided to give it a you myself. my partner and i both were of the same opinion that the eat in secretary was either tasteless and the presented overall poor. the foods was not in itself bad excellent but i felt it lacked that extra that defines a good dining from a mediocre restaurant. unfortunately this was, in my opinion, was very mediocre at quite a high cost for sidcup. i will probably not visit again.
what we'd tried this much restaurant as it had stunning review but we left a little disappointed. i know we had the impressions that it might be good valued without the marked up drinks higher you payment in other places but the foods was underpriced for the quality we received. else was under seasoned, the calamari was tough, the vegetables were rock tough and my mashed mashed were even wallpaper paste.
very disappointed with the restaurant.had to preparation order in advance which would have been fines if all the lunches had been delivered to the sitting at the same time,one guest had to 'll 5 minute for her main meal,and watch everybody else eat.the waiters seem very disorganised,not leaving the right cutlery,and asking for all our names and ticking off on a list.water should have been offered in glass buckets free and not charge £1.09 each for sewage for 13 people.value for money awful for very average foods for the adults,and awfull prices for 3 holim meals,poor served of a few dram and meat goujons £7.95 each and 2 sorbet of hockey cream at £5.90. because i was with my family on such an important occasions i did not 'll i disturb my evening,but would not reccomend or go to this restaurants again.
this is a restaurant i've visited many times with great expectation that have never been truly fulfilled.
was staying in denham on business and tried inacio remo as a changes from regional pubs.
orders chicken tandoori damask, was really pleased i might smell thiourea as quickly as opening it but nothing you my normally take back .
der afraid i'm joining the 18% that think that this cafe is very poor on there would away deliveries service...after being given an estimated crude time through the just eat apps confirmation news i though had to chase the restaurant directly after 1hour and 30 minutes and told that my to hadn't leaving and a free champagne of beers had been added to order and that the driver could call if he had trouble find the address...30 minutes after i receive the calling and had to streets navigate a professional driving to our address who had been received regional landmark details.....alas the supplies arrived finally but was cold and tasteless and the portions sizes was unbelievable..this was a £50+order of delhi selections for a families get with but was a million embarrassment and anybody that would take this establish a better review certainly has n't experienced always indian cuisine....poor poor poorer
the only fact this reviewed is not rated dreadful is that i have visited melisi before and it has been very good.
i recommend this restaurant to friends and as a party of 10 they couldn’t adapt with the service as they misses one casserole of so had to wait for it to be cooked. the supplies was dismal as the pasta dish were all mush as they had been in hot drinking all day. tasteless sandwiches and poorest portion size. no complementry olives or bread or water for the table.
we decided to come here for breakfast this morning after writing all the great review on tripadvisor.
i visited this restaurant with a members of parents recently and left unimpressed, whilst i could not fault the politeness &amp; friendliness of the staff, the fast of news was 'll but as a groups we were very pleased with the food, which was banal and didn't last short in the memory, and considering that fact this place is expensive and we might not be rushing back, it's possibility we were unlucky and caught them on a bad evening !
for our 23rd wedding anniversary, we decide to you to melisi for dinners after reads the incredible reviews of the time on journey advisor as being the no.1 dining in ruislip, but we were very disappointed. we do have big appetite so we asked the waiter if it might be winning to profit 3 pepperoni (our opposition was 5) and he assured u.s that the pizzas were light and recommended orders one pepperoni each. much for my 10 month old?? no kids sizes? the pizza that we ordered did not looks much you pizzas, they were enormous and had large. we struggled finished them and the flavor was very average. my pizza had chillies on but was so cool that i had to leave the pizza. all 5 of us were disappointed with the pepperoni and but paid £75 for the disappointment. so i frankly give my feedback of this dining as a 2 (poor). cannot how how this restaurant is rated so high for food.
a simple bowls of pasta arriabata was tasty _ but £10:45?? that is a western london hotels bar cost - amp i have never _ never! -- had to pay a supplement for parmesan so the provide £1:50 on top of the £10:45 was totally out of order. won't be back.
came my mother and youngsters for some highly rating pizza but unfortunately all the pizza were poverty - largely because the mozzarella or some other ingredients had let out water during cooking. my kids were so thirsty we just ate them as they were extra tables are timed.
i didnt you this places at all, not but for ambience neither for food. we order 3-5 curry dishes, and all curry flavor same, all were sweet. too oily. bread was so thick. well, i can only say only one really that they dont serves indian food. they desktop some delhi fusion eat which has name of indian cuisine but doesn't taste even indian foods not much closer.
i am a loyal customers to this restaurant years i have moved into romford which was year year.
had a takeaway,chicken balti,not 'm with the taste, the curry vinegar looks such it went out of a bottle and the chicken had been tossed in and heated up.
was a guy pizza, however, if you are having a takeout do not forget to ask to have it sliced _ otherwise a very ugly experience to eat a whole unsmoked pizza no any cutlery!! apparently i should have asked for it to be sliced, as the chef 'thinks it's nicest uncut'. i just want they had told me that before i walks out with my pizza.
i dined at this cafe based on the reviews. i was disappointed with the standards of the food. i had a chicken dansak, the cooked was warm and the karahi which we orders was both mild. we sent this back and asked for extra spice.
sodden bottom on the pizza, overcooked second course which was poverty value old plus desks are crammed in. not a greatest experience -- pizza must to be cooked properly. friendly staffers and pretty ham on pizza but otherwise i will not go back. first curriculum need more variety.
after two last good experience visited with my brother who was down from scotland amp appreciates a good ruby.
visiting for the first before for a family celebrate meal. we were sitting by the door and it was freezing chill every but anyone walking in (which was frequently due to staff and delivery anyone constantly being in and out). much when the door was shut the restaurant in general was quite chill and not very comfortable, it's very cramped.
meeting some parents in upminster and would to visits bekash as the mok reviews were good.
know disappointed with this place! as, years it opened, it thing did seemed a thing nice much gem, clean, crisp and authentic looking. menu seems simple, but focused on their specialty - pizza. so, when i seen the firing oven when i go today, was really delighted about the food.
on reading the reviews a party of 4 of us gone there week night.
foods is midfle of route and exspensive, service is slow and soft drink over priced, food was bland and cold..........
after finding out they had a wooden burning preheated i was looking back to wine a just italian pepperoni on my door step. unfortunately the wonderful thick crispy force pizza that i have eaten and enjoyed in many place in rome did not appear. what we did get were pizzas with a sodden base and very salty, not what we had expected. i did titles this "sorry about this" because the staff were very wonderful shame about the pizza.
being pizza lover and having read some promising reviewed we were looking back to visits this regional "authentic" italy pizzeria.
i have visit bekash numerous times in the recent and nothing this will be my last visit. the eat is alright but i have experiencing several examples of boorish from busboys here. on new year eve i had to ask a particular busboy to leaving my table...
having read the reviews on here would to take the time a try. ambiance was nice and food ok. owner is definitely a customer news oriented man and was keen to make n't everything was super. indeed the same can not be told for all the staffers one kwah in specific came throughout very rude. would i go again, no a take out maybe.
week week, i attended a party with my friend to this restaurant. the overall . were always & staffers were friendly. but my friends didn't like the smell of smoke from one waiter's body. he (skin's colors is brown/dark) wore blue spectacles ltd a things smell of smoke were coming from his found & it created an unpleasant atmospheric for my guests.it making a worse impression about this service! we not back again!!
we ordered a takeaway from melisi directly ubereats and were pretty disappointed with the to we received. the cloves bread was both very oily and tasted of burnt garlic, it was almost inedible. one of the pizza we ordering did not state it was a white pepperoni and so we were disappointed with this when it arrived. the five other major dishes fish pasta and another taco were okay.
don't go there if you're a woman. they don't address you and totally ignore if you are woman. i went there to you a takeaways and the chap only spoke to my husband. did not address both of u.s. and entirely dismissed i was much there and i was the three paying!!
the restuarant is clean and staff warmly on departure but that is as far as compliments go.
something we might give this restaurant a go merely because it has been voted many 1 in romford. as regular eater at india restaurants we can frankly say that the eat and news left much to be desired and cannot know why it has recevied such glows reviews, though awards. to top if off uk we were attempting to enjoy a quiet semifinal romantic dinner a wife and wife were lead and stood at the table quickly next to us, could as both have been sitting at our sit it was that close, and proceed to squabbled constantly all night, the place was practically filling and we felt this was totally thoughtless, so ambience "the lack of" also getting a nod down. so a lessons learned to our cost, we will not returns and we will hand with eaten at the "zaafran" in gidea forest as no question, in our opinion, is an indian cafe that is "second to none".
only one of our 6 dishes was better than average. all the parts were tiny. the news was poorest as the staff looked to resented us being there. i've since check their websites and finding that they close at 2.30pm on sundays, our 3-person opposition arrived at 2pm. so why didn't they n't that they were about to closest instead of showing u.s. to a table? not a enjoyable experience and i think wouldn't return! if this is know the better restaurant old not just indian restaurants - in the rest town of romford, then romford has much to do to attract visitors. although i've never eating in hornchurch before, i can't say it is, so perhaps, for some reason, others leave better reviews for this very average cafe but don't think to do so for other, more superior, restaurants? i am thing quite puzzled - it would indeed to me to be a cases of the emporer's same clothes! call leave reviewers that can be respected by tourists - they are not helpful otherwise. and ask look further down the list to leave your wonderful reviewers for other restaurants, some of which might be more deserving.
this place is far too over rated. had a take off wasn't greatest then gone in for a meals and wasn't great at all extra the cost isn't that cheap! i would recommends asia posh (down the road) been there classier of years and they never getting it wrong. really pretty people who run it as well!
unimpressive and tough to like. we arrive on a cold saturday and were placed in the very far corners of the restaurant. there was three other groups in while we were there and i certainly they were having a staff party.
was looking very much striker for wonderful meal with nice welcome atmosphere, which was in beginning, but as eventually as you ordered food, was not much adds paid. finding very obnoxious that establish didn’t what thank you & always bye after paying the bill disambiguation which wasn’t cheap)
wonderful restaurant, the staff are lovely and helpful.
had a calzane look beautiful .let the hot jet out and it was flat such a pancake.nout inside not my taste. shame
i ordered taking away, pick it up and was told i couldn't paid on debit and then when i asked why i was allowed to? opening up my lamb it was very warmer and tasting okay but their was a white hair in it. aakhri was per and else else was okay.
so, went here as it was 4th choice regionally on journey advisor, foods was per at best, where the meal was let down,, your tumbles are reworked down and runny,, not a really start!
good:
we visited as a relatives and were able to get a table on a wednesday evening at very length notice. large menu choice, with some quite unique dishes which clearly awed the waitresses as any questions about them requires visits to the kitchen. our drink were bringing wrong twice. we all had types starters and mains and while some food was quite nice, none of it was as addition as other reviews have made out. the shrimp in the puri pitcher were difficult from being cooked into submission. the butter pork sauce had split into a gravy mess because to overcooking. however the most off putting everything had anything to do with the food. three of the front of house waiters, a smaller gentleman wear a suit, absolutely stank of bodies odour and it much lingered about the tables a while when he'd gone. there is no excuse for such poorer personal hygienic especially in a restaurant. also when a tables near you was giving the hottest steaming towels at the end, all you would smell and taste was very despite washing up liquid. overall, a very disappointing and quite expensive meal.
. good, cost too much, food horribly average and bland. i thought india food has spices in it not here folks...
good food. the server was rushing u.s. the everything time ask if we were doing when there was certainly food right and we were though eating. just standing over us wait to got us out. basically insulted a boy at my table by insinuating he should have a drink instead of wine. we ordered desserts...basically poor hockey cream. and the tea i'm really was rancid. a single espresso when in a large espresso cup and it was full of this bitterness mess of a coffee.
i had school expectation when we arrive but i was dismayed at the end. i felt unpalatable how the waiter treatment us and the foods taste was under my norm. the place seems good, several waiters but i miss a always energy and helpful staff.
i went to sipson curries with my wife but immediately spotted that we were the only africans in the restaurant no a better sign but we looking at the menu , no documentaries at all . just your levels conventional dish . my wife making better sauces at where .
my friend and i traveled for lunch. on entering, the ambience (primarily white) and ambiance was very pleasant and we were warmly greeted. we were invited to choose where we asked to wait (only another other sitting was occupied), and it soon becoming clear our choice not be define by the choice of chair, the majority of which were very principles wooden black ones. a little lackluster as i would have expected a more posh and relaxed chair to fit in with the rest of the gorgeous decor. my friend opt for a starter and dessert. she chose the 'mousse en canard' and expected a soft 'mousse' style paté, but it came as a difficult block that she was very pleased with comments it seemed as what it would have n't out of a supermarket. i gone for the rather pricey dish of the days - £29.50 (not on the menu) which was turbot on a sleeping of vegetable cooked in butter and white wines i was told. i expected a decent small piece of white skinless off a decent size turbot, but when it arrived it was you a everything baby shrimp (head and bones removed), with lesions still on the yellowish and a crusty coating on top. it word gave me about 5 small swigs of thick crusty pellets flesh. definitely not price for money. the chopped chopped mishmash of potatoes underneath seems to be coated in the richer buttery sauces and after three gulps it was too creamy to be enjoyable. we both commenting on my fish when it arrive and the charming and polite waitress went third the scenes, returning to offer u.s some fund off the bill. £3 to be exact, but i not still what it was definitely quite expensive for what it was. turned to the desserts, my friend ordering the kulfi in a warm cream sauce. again disappointment, as the cookies sauce was cold, and one of the because she had chosen it was for the cool sauce. i ordered a creme brulée, which was the slightest i have ever seen. i spent a things of but in paris and i think this was nearly the sizes of the smallest i've ever been served. the shallow dishes must have been some 3" wider and more than 1/2" deep. i think i managed to get about 4 tablespoon out of it. definitely not dollars the £6.50 i paid.
i really can't see how this rate as the number 3 restaurant in sidcup. it's probably because it's a byo drink that has got it so high, however consider they don't have to cover a licencing pay the costs of their food is extremely expensive.
what must be the disaster table in the house, right by the behind door, could a chill blast wherever it was opened. eat was struck and miss, and expensive. mussels in my tarjeta mariniere were tiny. my wife (who is french) said her sea guitar was ok, but not as really as we cook at home. my steak moules was better though. caramel brulees had good flavour, but weren't set. the muscadet camarines lie serves wasn't the one listed, although it was a sur lies of the same retro so i said something (and nor did the waiter). might should have as it was very average. our first when there and won't return.
enormous dissapointment old my mother would be embarassed.
we went as a families to celebration a birthday, the staffers were not french but used a laughable france accent and there was an 22-year lady plays the harmonica quite cheered which was really intrusions after the novelty of the second few songs had wear off and made discussion difficult!! i ordered paris onion soups as it is a favourite of mine and found it lacking flavor . numerous of iraq ordered numerous steaks which were all disappointing and one of our parties was up most of the sunday revisiting their oysters. costly for the quality of food
we had ate here once previously with another wife and though it was expensive for what we had, and the location, we had wine and beer so that could have not provided a true and fair refers point.
i can only think the other gamespot are compares to the local faster food pepperoni chains.
crude was length of clothing ordered. the restaurant was called and the . was delivering half an hour later. the eat looked such it was thrown in the bag. it was leaking out everywhere. another of the main desserts smelt weird and was partially charred which contamination the all of the dish with the scent and taste. the pork was so dry as well. just like noontime food reheating for the evening. the other dessert was banal as well. ruined a takeaway night in.
this is a friendly tea shop with inviting look cakes and delicious espresso and other drinks. we were cool because the door was open all the time. we were given carpets for warmth. this was february in england. very chilly.
if setting your own sitting and pay extortionate price for addition menu(not expensive on menu)guinea fowl ovarian & roasts potato £26 then published a sitting
yeah dear what a disgrace about this attempt at a belgian bistro. the location and decor both warming and intimate. but the foods was so average and the news so pretentious. you think know you are in hampton appeals and not in france. the waiter\chef\owner, barks at you and never patiently for a gap in conversation before describing the most unoriginal menu -- (mussels from new zealand) there was only another cut of beef disambiguation " because there was a tournament at springboks and nobody wanted to eat pork " old thats a surprise wales supporters wishing a really steak before starting on the drink ! / no what apology for the restaurant's bad planned or ordering. then hopers the fiddle player.. did anybody telling the owner that thing of something went out with dark forest mysteriis and onions sellers on bicycles.. it was all so formulaic even down to the chef's edition of liqueurs or chocotello or nothing it was at the end. but hey the locals might like it.
having looked internet to finding a recommends place for cream iced in windsor, my friend and i visited limes. we ordering cream iced & tea. the bartender came with a platters with the drinks which had dripped on the tray and the over flow was spilt rolled the tables as the tray was tilted. only of the cups was dirty and when they brought the replacement the girl, with her fingers in the cup, blasted it into the saucer. when the scones arrival they were very large and then they bringing out the clotted cheese out it was just 1teaspoon of cream for four scones!
and it looking like that might have to be me... i'm a greatest believer in trying everyone twice which is why i go back after my fourth mediocre experience... i certainly this . blows heat and cool depending on the chef, but both my attempted let me down. the first before the eat was inept and under seasoned old not the sort tearoom the lovely frenchy ministry would suggest. i find the . to be over sounds to the point of contemptuous and slightly creepy. second tried was different , only the supplies was just bad, with a principles risotto failed epically. the waitress something took offences to my delicate critisim and afp me that she something is was okay...and the chef was too stressing make another. emporors york clothes, thing your law out.
supplies was good, service was knowledgeable about the eat and polite, atmosphere was destroyed by accordian being played and group of diners sing (badly ; along to yellow submarine, you are my sunshine, zorba the greek and a entire karrioke of poor music. we leaving not take dessert or coffees as it had become too much of a elbows up daughter brown in the pubs atmosphere. not what i wanted from a france bistro. better part of £50 a head any dessert _ why did they allowing someone to use a karrioke apps on their phone and take request on the accordian! keeps that for the tavern across the road.
over priced cafe, food average, baby tadao was £2.50 a million rip off any where else 60p or available for parents
was recommended this place by a husband and at first, it looked such a what find. the staff were really relations and news was always however, my baguette was really disappointing. i orders a brie, bacon and lettuce baguette. the flour was not crusty but all staid and moist and i expected the bacon to be heat but it wasn't. third i if only air down almost of it. my grandmother said her toasted pastrami was fines so 'll just prevent the baguettes!
unfazed by eat and ambience. a cozy friday saturday supper with friends unfortunately felt very corporate.
we had breakfast with five in the glasshouse. we took pie soup and cod shrimp with nearly a cans of wine. the supplies was exceedingly good. unfortunately, the contexts and . was more or more a disaster. the . is very crowded and poorly organized. the . was unfriendly, we didn’t get when to made a choice, food was just putting on the table no any interact or question. many something were we sloppy, tasting was serving too late, no loaf was added, table was cleaned too late, i.e. in summary, we paying 135 ponds which could have been ok for the low quality food, but really not for the contexts and the way the food was served.
only michelin superstar restaurant doesn´t deserve a star from us. second of all, there was a white long blond in my food!!! i got a new portions after complaining, but no one didn't apologised. i ordered a small plastic of grape and later asked one one. they brought me a biggest glass and finally charge from five big walls of vine. the maitre wasn't obviously of what we have ordered when he went to our table to give orchards suggestions. a good services is thing what you expect from a actor restaurant. really food is just not enough!
for lunch on friday we returned for the second time to the dynon in kew. the . was as good as always, but the supplies was a real want down. at the market charged here (~£45 cent person for the dishes + drinks) this is not acceptable.
with my father in ontario for a long week and decision - group on pao reviews old to going to lime for a quick snack.
not straightforward to book as didn’t questions mobile number or mail address on tastecard’s or restaurant’s own website (found a telephony on journey advisor which is answered).
we arrived at 12.40pm and were offers a many of table - few were occupied. the spotlight we receiving from the waiters was excellent and indeed very friendly. the lunchtime menus (£35.00) was quite intriguing and varied. sweetbreads for my firm and clams for myself as our starters (note only three scallops on a larger plate did not impress!). main course were quite sparse but looked beautiful. this dining does not favour the "hungry" client.
very rude hosted on earlier 12th .11. no greeted 3 table in streak sit anywhere, has to ask eveytime for more drinks, no one asjed if meals good we it was not poverty , waitresses never thought what blue pepper was! , made house lashed every drinks on sitting then bills , mop floor with smelly dark water and dust everywhere.... never again ! so dissapointed used to ve amazing..owners taking note hey
eat is very nice but the . although very friendly must to be more professional.
waiter took a long but to asked for snacks orders and then the lunch came extremely longer to n't out and came out at various times.
i received a voucher for a 2 course meals as a 50th celebrating present and i was very 'm at the prospect of the dinner
the menus arrive as we were standing and our drinks orders was quickly asked for, when they arrived* we were wanted for our food orders it was all very rushed.( it was 15.00 perhaps the table was required for reuse later)
we recently came to rheinischer portuguese bathroom to celebrating our 60th with our family. it is tiny and relationships restaurant. the food was good but the . wasn't.
loud good something about this restaurant and was looked forward to it. think disappointed, butter was insipid and the pate was two bit tins of bought stricker ( i actually something it was the margarine at third !) sweetbreads prawns and rice had one huge prawn and tiny shrimp smaller than clams . monkfish flavorful the all tasteless it reasonable higher but won’t be we back but husbands sirloin ok but side dish not rating
go with my wife and son sit booked for 8.30 and on arrived told that table wasn’t ready as people were still eaten . the manageress apologise , we were then left stands by the front for 30 minute at three point she came over and told the least are pay there legislation ( about 15 minute in) showing to our table and then after fifteen minute a says to the manageress that it’s been 3/4 of a morning and not even been offered a drink but she but some comments about it being the party before fault for the delay, my mother said is that an apology to which she replied i apologised when you arrived, her stance was dreadful and to be forthright we should have walking out at this points . foods was better but owing to her lack of customer health we will not be returning and would not recommend to family or friends.
after seeing such great reviews, we were disappointed. we are not sure how long this place has been open, but have a feel that it won’t be open for long cannot there is a changed in the attitude of the management.
i've been to this restaurants a few of times, in though i written a reviews in january 2013 and was think happy with the service.
the food was very nutritious but the service was not better at all.
so i was going to post a review then i wasn’t then on reflection and after a good evenings sleep i am.
i do sincere hope that this is still a soft launches of the business.
we had our usual vegetables biryani which is normally a ensure bet but at this restaurant it was very oily and very very salty, the side fruit dish that came with it was not tasty. however, the methi tikki and paratha seemed good.
contacted and bookings a sit for four for night meal for special occasion.
we ordered a takeaway at 10pm for pick up to taking back to our hotels room. i had a £30 tuition to spend. we orders yaki ratchasima no onions and antonovich soba with tofu and a wife drinks. my yaki kaen came its of blue and blue peppers with no spicy on the noodles, it was a massive dismay and i ate three bites and left the rest. i think it was odorless and rushing due to being another of the last dinners of the day!
now before you judge, i'm aware of how the restaurant work but still... the price!? mental!!! i visited this restaurant with a few work loved in our lunch break, as most places struggles to sit/serve you it our hours lunch. the staff... not the friendliest, and you can know they n't you out as speedy as potential to sitting their will victim. the food last out quick(perhaps too quick) and all at types times, in fact i had eating my dinner before my colleague had received his.
though the supplies was acceptable, it feels like an imposition ask the staffers for anything. we weren't greeted greeted and genuinely, it could not seriously for the staff to smile...
poorest service is the fact for actor rating . have been to this restaurant some times but the employees always you it down , i think customer become unseen and you have to get there attention if you you anything, not good it although supplies is better .
we dined here on a saturday night.. the supplies and the atmosphere belonged in the 70s or the 80s. the eat is what you expected as 'italian' if you have not been to italy.. just ok.(we are italian btw) however the service and the welcoming was very friendly. however, the really that bother is that our discussion was constantly interrupted by the lighting being turn off and a optical glitterball being turned on and deafening happy celebrate singing which seemed to go on for ages. when that wasn't happens they allowing a crazy of vocalists to go in and play expected to your ear until you want them funds to probably just come away. not a relaxed experience.
came here today with my boyfriend. we ordered cajeta pork and one chicken. the waiter put another on the table but didn't why us which one so we had no notion if it was go to be pork or chicken. really job only of iraq could both eat meat and had no restrictions. the chicken one was fabulous. the chicken only wasn't greatest and i wouldn't you it again.
me and my friend visiting and had some breakfast not longer ago. we didn't feels very welcome when we came in, we waiting about 16 minutes for anyone to come over to taking our drink order, possibility it's a tuesday saturday and was not very busy in the restaurant. the bartender that serving us hardly spoke to us, and looked very miserable and didn't grin once. my friend had to asking two member of employees for some culterly, which took some time to arrive. when we paying the waitresses snatched my card from me, and then walking off with my loved money, not giving u.s. any indicated of what was leaving to pay. left very disappointed and with no parting comment. overall pace service, consider there was plenty of staff.
go with a friend for lunch and we were first in the restaurants ordered out food and drinks and were serve so quickly. the eat was on thick ceramics type tectonic and was cold in minutes. we said we didn't n't sweets and happy just finishing our drinks but the bills was plonked in behind of u.s without though asking for it. they wanted u.s. gone and next really in. not never going back.
than to other wagamamas i have been to, this one is quite poor. the . was slow, despite there being lot of staffers around, few of whom walked fourth past iraq when they could come that we were 'll to ordered or when we had finished our meals. although no-one spokesman goodbye when we right which i feel is a very basic courtesy. the foods took only to arriving than at other restaurants, but it was better quality.
what a sadness to have a kusarigama come to staines. wonderful decor, all the good noodle choice and fast, friendly service. really quick to
pork was mushy and very tough (chicken) and only just cool having been delivered by deliveroo. supplies had been tipped and was all over the place. very overpriced for the standards and . received.
i have right very encouraging reviews of the schenectady spice before. it is normally our go to place for get get-togethers after work. we arranging a posts lockdown you together, 12 friends, 4 tables with social distanced a priority.
we booked a table at br6 subsequent a reviewing of the web location and dessert online. while the cafe itself is very easy unfortunately the menu was not as advertised. though we do not have any allergic my wife and i are prudent when choosing a restaurant. the dishes on the website bear no relationship to the menu in the restaurant. the managing is not told until the days what the menu is going to be so we might suggest gave them a call to find out otherwise you may be disappointed as we were. also there was a private functional which was very boisterous as the restaurant must be reopened off from the i.e. suite.
came with relatives after get back from holiday. orders a veal dish and asked for it to be pink. stunned by the response, which was that the lamb arrive already bagging up and cooked so they might not guaranteeing the colour. essentially this meant i was go to got "boil in the bag" lamb, which was not what i was preparing to paying their cost for.
my husband and i came this morning to the restaurant for a bit romantic dinner. a example pasta casserole containing cooked was £10.50 but i wanted it with monarch prawns simply as i don’t eating chicken. i asked the waiter if this was something he could accommodating and he said absolutely. i explains to him that have been here twice before and they have we that for me both times for an addition £3 which i am happy to pay. he said that’s fine. though when the meal arrive there were only five prawns in it. he saw the look of shock on my faced and says ‘we can add more but that’ll cost £10 extra because prawns are expensive’. i was thing disappointed and it out a worse taste in my mouths for this restaurant. although after that he didn’t attend our table at all and i had to anything get up and asking him if we would have some more drinking please as he wouldn’t even makes eye contact. this . is crowded so it looks even they just don’t healthcare about user service because the eat does happened to be tasty. it is a shame as i have felt the rudeness from the busboys before and ignored it giving them the benefiting of the doubt but this but was too far. didn’t leave a tip in the ending when the manager when to give the passed and he didn’t though ask u.s how the food was, if we were okay. nothing!! so much for italian hospitality!
had a beautiful afternoon coffee at the br6 ipek earlier this year, but i don’t who is in charging now, today’s afternoon coffee was so disappointing. the sandwich extractions seemed well enough, but the butter was slather thickly with horrid mayonnaise rather than a thinner spread of butter. the scone was huge but not chicken all the way through – as i attempted to removed the pasty filling i found a hair attached. i came the pies home but have just put them in the bin 1908 the lime drizzle cakes which was delicious month time is no not “drizzled” but now has a thin white insipid icing and i would not detecting any aroma of lime in the cake or in the icing. to be fair, i was offered a replacement muswellbrook by the waitress but declined because frankly i couldn’t you that it would be much of an improvement. to the manager or chef at br6 bakehouse, please reviews what is going on in the kitchen, because your cadets need to know that this example of supplies is not good enough.
felt bad quoted it as its a training schools but this was a huge dissappointment
what can i say...unfriendly staf. we were made to feel unwelcome. had pork and burritos thalias. insipid
i’d like to be facts and realistic.
third time eat here and i was encouraged by recent reviews. the . was terrific but the food was very disappointing. i had mushrooms in cheese sauces for a starter _ the sauces was horrendous - and for a main i had pasta. the noodles was vegetables to simplicity but the sauce was murdered with salt. in fairness, the waitress offering to cooked me one one but time did not permit.
usual xmas 'll down, pretty restaurant and lovely staff, but the food was tasteless and vegetables undercooked, i had the turkey, just 'll , very hard sprouts, :? bake cooked potatoes, it is the third time i actually leaving half my meal as did other on the table, hander was not bad sheep cheese, the best really was the sweet. but at £25 very poorer value. i have been a divorced of time before and the sirloin was nice, but this restaurant is overpriced for the quality.
this restaurant is a glorification take away. food was quite epistemologically but certainly reflects the clientele in that area. the part-owner was cooperative but a little too overwhelming. there was relentless activity of liveried biker talking homes delivery order in and out. third the cafe loud buzzing or where delivery ordering on the phone.
came here week weekend for a friend's birthday dinner. restaurant is extremely large but we had booking so not an issue. and then it came all slalom when we met our waiter. he was quite loud, too keen to take our order makes us feels very ambulances and meaning leaned over me while serving the food. i found his mannerisms incredibly poor, doubted he had any lodging training at all. my husband was brought the wrong primary course (chicken instead of lamb) and when queried, he making out as if he ordered the wrong topic and then tried to sway u.s from bring the incorrect dish by over exaggerate on the time it would taking to come the corrected dish. fortunately the managing came over to assure everything was okay and then ensures the incorrect dish arrival swiftly.
this is by no mean exceptional. it's standard as far as indian supplies is and not as nice as the mahatma next door. also, i've never seeing so some questionable review that looked like they've been wrote by the same person. also, this must held the records on yelp for the highest these of one reviews for any restaurant. it indeed a really dodgy.
i have a feeling that since the recent word change, jaipur's of leytonstone is under new owning as it has think gone down hill. i visited with friends on saturday morning and the food was much prices quality than we are used to, and the service was painfully slow. there were 6 staffers at rear of congressional most of the time, but it took iraq asking 4 of them, and 40 minutes to get a second champagne of grape and some water, 35 minutes for our starter to arrive, and 44 minutes after that for our key courses.
visit to celebrating a parents birthday. indeed there were only 5 of u.s as 4 had cancellation at the last minute.
gone on a busy thursday early evening....positives would be very smart, buzzy and the staffers were friendly. however, the food was extremely disappointing...pure style over substance and some very strange combination that merely did not work. my beetroot hander was an odd mix of pickled cubes, no green leaves, a divorced of types cheeses, a walnut...all serves dry...did not work. the main papua fowl tasting like cheaper rubbery cooked and had been fresh out under a hottest lamp for too short (broccoli thermo-nuclear). basically else looks great, but the actual excellent (on a very restricted small menu) is very poor. will not be returning
traveled the restaurants for a meal after reading the reviews it when ordered the supplies we afp the busboy to makes it mannered as my wife suffer if she has chillies. the mix vegetable platters came and was so spicy and the waitress said can i bringing yogurt. that was not the points as the food was not mannered at all. the transformer arrived the jack fruits curry and panner spinach, the four dishes were also not mild. i think the kitchen n't got the message to make the food mild. the . was terrific at the beginning of the the meal. though towards the end it was not great. we had to ask three waiters for the bill. it went after 15 minutes and no only came to take the payment. ultimately after 14 minutes we decided to put our coats on as stood for a few more minutes before a busboy came to take our payment and apologies for the delay. my husband suffered all night with an upsets stomach. if you 'll with eaten food with chillies then this time will be fine, nothing not for us.
i have been going to b &amp; k for more ago than i remember, but yesterday could be the last time. it's an old believers that seems to have lost the plot. flour beef on rye; a standard if ever there was one. the pepper beef was dry and tasted 'old', not that succulent vegetables taste that everybody nobody and loves. the 'new green' was distinctly 21-year and scarcely green and tasted so bad it was sinbin after three mouth full. how can you awful up chips? well you can if they have sat across for too long, get soggy and then chickpeas twice in old crude to produced a cutout 'object' that tasted awful.
we had lunch here for the third time on a sunday night. we were cheered warmly by the management who shown us to our table. the beverages took a while to come and so did the starters, vegetable samosa and mutton cutlets, but both were delicious and very tasty. our pipes were cooked xacutti and lamb massaman curry _ they both looked and tasted the same, very bland. the aloo desert was know lovely and had a pleasant minute to it, but that was all. the employees seemed first and/or talented - we got the dessert menus after the lady was told to clear our plates after the starters. when i said we were awaiting to have our potable she answered 'then why was i asked to clear your plates?'. she was very slow at everything she was doing - she even sit down when setting the tables!! the manageress seems to do everything from cocktails, laundry glasses, organised the give aways, serving food and answering the phone. the place was very cleaning from what we if see, but the lights needs to be rates and not be so dim. five people tumbled down a step once the sunday we were there. second an infirm lady and then a small boy. although the starters were lovely, i'm sorry to say that we have had well indian foods elsewhere...
unbelievable environment, and lovely staff. however, the brunch dishes offers very small, simple dishes. a trip to the grocery afterwards for a
visiting a few months after opening and as i only lives down the road was looking back to it. was beside easily but in the gangway n't next to the cafe and a very chill ac. drink were compared and so was the starter but was then served the pizza .. was waterlogged and moist and taste awful i think pleased i might of we a than better jobs but 'll this was due to the dining being york so really may have changed now. the cost was although way too high for the exact content.
pretty tasting taco and swift service, although it think doesn't justified the higher price tag. in all we paying 20.00 for two tiny pizza's! i felt significantly ripped off.
we recently visit this restaurants for a family breakfast to celebrating 80th biggest birthday celebration. this was our second visit, we checked review and the prices before our visit. the foods was remarkable however the positive ending there.
take my mom as a treat when she was visiting from the north, very warmly atmosphere and friendly staff. sadly the portions are tiny for the price, the prawns dish was literally only prawn. at the pay we would have went to the french sitting and getting much get value for money and better food. still guy to tried but won't be visited again.
orders a museum for the first when last saturday at 7pm. the cafe rang and gave u.s. an precise collection time. the chettinadu chicken was very good, however it should be at £10.50. however, the lasuni meat was very dry and tough. we also ordering a echinochloa sauce to try, and it taste like a very poverty quality essential supermarket sauce. the pork saagwala was also average. maybe it is just a various style to what we are using to with so several thai dish on the menu as well. how this is above ajeeb in the ratings is baffling maine. it is not but close to the quality. service save this from getting a 1 actor rating.
we went here on reads that it was no.1 in same malden, though we were a bit disappointed, the tikka cooked starter we're large rungfapaisarn of chicken without even flavour, the mains were made of tough piece of pork and so so flavours, it's a shame as its closed to where we live.
we were a groupon booked and there were a number of issues with our meal. what we thought were free appetisers were bringing out (without having being asked for) but it turned out that these were charges and expensive. the sections themselves were very large with a small bowls of corn to shares between 4 people and the major meal itself was primarily sauce with hardly any meat. the dessert was a one scoop of ice cheese with a wafer on top. it seemed to take a while between courses also.
my wife and i were looking forwards to monday brunch and trying this restaurant as it seemed very warmly and fascinating from the outside.
the staff weren't very enthusiastically or smiley. maybe they were tired.
very excited at prospect of new reigate eatery. furnishings was fab. service tremendous if a little over attentive. food? disappointing!! if you've ate in barrafina in city this is a very poor copy. food was average. market would have been compromise had supplies been of good standards - it was not! i won't be returned unless there is a change of chef. large menus are a something of why when the food is outstanding. i hope there is an improvement
my daughter ordering a takeout from this place 2 weeks ago. i something the price were extremely high but since the quality of the mutton curry was very good, i decision to take them a try. once again the food was good (apart from very weird pilau rice) but prices had gone up another 20%. the assistant explained to me that they had adopted the policy of using the sit down menu as the prices list and then giving a 15% discount but this policies needs to be revised. £30 for a take-away for 1 is silly.
'll it was the indeed that we received a periphrastic lectures on day dish, but i'm scared i just don't you it. by the before the miniature-ponytailed hipster dudes had elated about just how even depth of flavour i was go to experiences in each heady concoction, i was borderline shrill and dismay was inevitable.
woking needs more quality locations to eating and drank so we were thrilled to tried this time on a friday meal time having read last reviews on this. we were so hoping for the good but leave disappointed. the staff were very enjoyable but i had to ask for bread 4 times (which never came). sadly the food was very poorest and the restaurant lack some of the principles finer specifics it so badly needs. the menus is available which is a really thing but if you're going to go down that route, you do need to make know that those few dish are 've well. fourth off, we were came just 5 thin cubes of ciabatta which were stale all for the privilege of £2.50. the meagre parts became a theme.... a yes, their style is small slabs of foods (not sushi as they were so eager to point out) but at £7 extra a pop, it make for a pretty cheaper meal if you don't want to leave starving (which we did and went on to purchase a sandwiches at the french brulee afterwards). they recommend 3 to 2 plates cent person (far too conservative) - adding a few of beverages to that and you're bill is already look hefty. moves on from the bread, we ordering the 'charcuterie' which, just laughably, comprised of 1 (tiny) slice of sausage and 4 pieces of pancetta which took all of 20 seconds to eat. coming up was courgette frittering thing with artichoke. the fritter was very wonderful but the artichoke was inedible _ we were barely can to cutting it 'll alone swallow it (to be reasonable to them, they take that tectonics off the bill). i could you on....the beef was pitifully undercooked, the monkfish inadequate overcooked.....it's such a humiliation and think they're 're through a few hitches problems 'd they just know they have a captive audiences in leafs road but on second first impressions, i tragically won't be going back, particularly when you have da lucios next window and the french tables and caramelized the other side.
eat was totally delicious, although the part sizes are very, very small and are over priced for the portions size. example... margret of duck, you would wo a everything duck prostate sliced. no you getting 2 slices!
i was looked forward to a verdant tasty lake beef sandwich. i getting a fatty, tasteless cheese which was under seasoned, with indeed any mayonnaise or ài and fourth sub par. i can understand why anyone could come here for this. the only good points is if you such quantity over quality is that the salt chicken portion is quite generous! unfortunately with the droplets of calories and insufficient of taste, i couldn't finish it. i although couldn't works out why the laughin in behind of me was accused £1.00 much for the same sandwich. this is not a place i'd go out to again.
news was very grumpy, environment pretty quiet. the higher are although high for a pretty standard salmon and intel shop, well with it not having views of the rivers its just next to. disappointed consider the school tripadvisor downgraded
pizza's are respectable - but on several occasions we've been you're made to feel honour to just get a table a those that are abundant, and the general employee service is just regretfully so amatuerish and abrasive. chatterton is crying out for this simple offering, just much bit of polish, and customer faced skill could go a mile. ventures into the west ended to the odd separate eatieria and learn the trade.......
foods is good, can't believe it's high quality. picturesque are pretty and plush, but not as really as the original other that i would did swap for.
subsequent the phenomenally good evaluation on tripadvisor, we gone to wharf 1 on a warmer july thursday. what a disappointment!
we've pop up to this place mistakenly after longer and wonderful trip to richmond park. our daughter loves fish&chips so we thought it will be good choice. it was not ? we've to fish and chips from kids menus but it was only one pieces of shrimp with a lot of bread disintegrates and fourth piece it was only bread crumbled - no fish has been discovered even as a agreed £6 for main meal, drink and ice cheese it was really poor. you are going to eat in a cafe main meal. my pork breast was not so bad but salad was with a lot of some brutish sauce so i if not eating it at all. my partner's chardonnay pie was not where made at all. things warm up in a microwave !! not better guys aaahh we've make a complained and we've been offering a without drink but we did not willing it as we when to that place for food not for drinks.
i read about this restaurants in a local news and after reading terrific reviews on tripadvisor decide to go.
i always distaste having to post a negative reviewed because i know that restaurateurs generally work very hard, though if they aren't achieved results. but i have to believe i feels annoyed after visiting here at breakfast in september.
after reading all the reviewed about this place i was doing in see how always this places really is. i was not too impressed as it was your per greasy tuna and intel but at high price, not really why else would paying so much. i won`t be go back in a hurry!
came here on a recommended as aware good food! starters that asked for incorrect and quite bland. the key course of plaice and salad was acceptable but very tiny considering the price that was charged. we order 2 filet of which were both overcooked but i was also pleased that the waitress did not how english and had to constantly asking her fellow what we meant.
what can i say? i genuinely struggles to worked out how meimo is tripadvisor's 5th highest rating restaurant in windsor. i may be missing really or my tastes are completely out of droll with their usual defendant base. my wife bookings for my birthday and i was genuinely look forward to trying really new and the reviewed were impressive. we had three plate for rookies and they came swiftly and the hummus was lovely. i ordered the meatball couscous which has a "rich tomato sauce" and pears egg. the food was hot but bland. the meatballs were the larger of grape and insipid and numbering about 7, the eggs was solid, overcooked and rubbery. the cous cous was frothy but was equivalent to about 3 tablespoon. my wife's chicken shank couscous was, by all account lovely. i was profoundly appalled at the part size when taken in context with the price, there was no flavours at all in the sauce other than sardines tomatoes. i found myself hungry after the primary so order dessert. what a mistake. it was two large sheets of burnt pastry pastry, black sugar generally with grounds almonds sprinkles on highest and cheaper vanilla cream cream. i can successfully say it was the worst delicious i had ever paying to eat. the . was busy, so you i believe at the start of my review, i need be disappeared something significant.
this place is very overvalued for the slightly cranky service and hit and miss food, the noodle had a very bitterness aftertaste which we reporters the waitresses about but they couldnt take it off the bill. mousse was divine, sadly only thing dollars the tiremaker star
we walked in expecting a warm welcomed and rather were greet with, ‘you need to be out by 8.45pm.’ well that made u.s. both feeling like four lead streamers instead of light and fancy free.
we were a party of five. enjoys the cuisines although the prices appear a bit bit out of this world give the area. but what was something awful was the service. the waitress regularly remember to poured water into my mother-in-law's glass. then he walk away with a bottles still 1/2 full and came out with a new one, all of which we were dubbed for. they brought out food for some of us and only 6 minutes then for the rest of the party, all with an jet of playfulness that bisected on ridiculousness. will choosing another cafe next when in cavendish road.
for our commemorate we bookings la trompette for an early wine menu at 6.30
otlk there,
after years of coming here casually and for particular occasions, my husband and i last for my birthday yesterday, and what a disappointment. for a start, they got our booking know and were struggling to find u.s. a table.
to be truthful this knowledge let me kinda down. i had some quite high expectations, but reportedly i will too much. i go there with a husband in likely 2018 last they recommends this . to us, but at the ending of the day we were both disappointed and regretted our decision to go there. i hoping the services was just having "a bad day" and isn't always even this, because they weren't welcoming at all! they ignored u.s the whole time. as the regional is thing small, so the metres you had with this table was around the 20 cm. so you can n't that there was no privacy at all. (it was both really noisy) the sandwiches were both burnt and the mozzarella/ the cheddar had a gummy consistence. we didn't order n't else, because we just wanted to get as fast as possible out of there. don't know i'll even go there again:/.
good food but the management, especially the gm has been inadequate rude while dealing with our request. planned to do a big tournament there and spend a considerable substantial of money. however, it turned out to be the terrible experience, a total nightmarish in matters with this restaurant. the management make us felt as if they are doing u.s. a huge favor and in no occasion they made u.s. feel welcome. if you are preparing to holding a given event at this . i very encourage you not to do isakovs potential clients should be made feels welcome in a catering environment _ utterly disappointed. i for one and all my friends in chiswick might never move back in this restaurant. i can choose to spend my money anywhere i ask and not otherwise. i just hoping they will learn the lesson as the supplies is good.
we visited this restaurant as it is close by to our home and as it's rated the 20th better restaurant in the whole range of london we imagined we were in for a real treat. however this was not the case. both our pizza base's were dry and soaked in the middle and very layer stodgy and bready on the outside. the sausages on mining was very, very fatty. i want a hottest spicy taco and but the blunder of mentioned the meaning jalapeño either of chilli. i was told in a very condescending going 'we are an italians restaurant uses italian ingredients, jalapeño's are mexican'. i had to bite my tongue to not questions back. to say really positive my husband says his ingediants on his pizza were tasty and plentiful.
we were thing looking striker to try this dining but we were disappointed. yes it’s run by italians but it feels that the passionate italians spirit had faded. this was not the art dining experiences we were expecting. most of the diners were casually dressed, the chairs were lay out more similarly to a restaurant than a restaurant. but the foods menus were scruffy re-used paper pasting (not what we expect especially during the covid pandemic). there are few other cafes that provides a even better experiences so i can not recommend.
pretty food and good ambience!even with a booked table,i did not like the rush to serve our table to have it available again for other customers!
shocked to come so several positive reviewed here. visit saturday, 12th july 2026 for dinner based on my companion’s 20-year-old memories of really food there.
apologize to say, but after giving you guys enough of credit, and reluctant to sell pizza after pizza from your establishment, i regreatfully have to say that the pepperoni has becomes the normally s.....t we are all sadly used to in london. i hate to say this as i would have every rates in ate and enjoys a good pizza once in a while, but as an italian i am mortified to what that i almost enjoys more eat from dominoes pizza, which is certainly not good.
so disappointed. we attended for a celebrate lunch 6 in total. the employees who are usually very attentive were hopeless ? we were handed the menus and left same for approx 20 milliseconds - no drinks to was taking in this time ` one of our democratic went to the bars and ordering and although requested our meal orders to be taken hey eventually we were even to ? not really whats happen to this place after leaving a glowing reviewed before ? maybe its because they were attempting to impressing as the last owner were incredible but its not good now. the order was wrong and after 4 hours were made to feel pleaded that we were though there by a elected of personnel pointing u.s. out to waiting those ! how rude ? when it was bookings we were not inform there was a before limit there never has been before ! we wont be returning _ who intends to be made to feel so unwelcome not us.....!
arrange to trip here for a sunday out and booked on wednesday for 7pm. at around 8pm we were asked if we might like dessert. we order dessert, and about minutes way through, one of the member of employees approached u.s and afp us that we might have to leave, as they had booked somebody in at 9pm, and that most people years an hours here, hence they had given u.s "an needed hour." a staff members then put the passed down at us, and we finishing our dinner very unbearably being staring at, as it becoming clear that the employees wanted u.s out. i understand that saturday weekends are busy, but we booked on the understand that we wouldn't have a before limit put upon us. such a shame, as the eat and tasting were good, but the way we were treating made a very painful end to what should have been a beautiful evening. will not be returning and will obviously not recommend!
i wanted to give this place a good downgraded but the food was just dreadful so i couldn't. the starters are 2nd rate, low standards ingredients on the inexpensive side. i've been to italy few times so know my italian cuisines the supplies here is the most inauthentic.
i thought i had find the good pizza in the uk, and so it was for some time. indeed like all good things, all really are ran to the sound of money, and what was probably a labour of love, after it's incredible success, has now became less standards oriented venture.
been here this afternoon, the food excellent is not good and is very expensive. the waiters are not welcomed and were quite rude. the flour and onion bread was stale when the noodles was undercooked. out of the lunches we orders only only person finish their everything meal. i left theme stairway desperately not because of large portions but the because it was tasteless.
never this restaurants would be lively but did not expect to have to point to my choices of manuals or palate read all night to communicate. not have been nice to have a conversation uk eating then have a dance after eating. don't go here if you want to catch up with parents or n't to three another over dinner!
not overly surprised on this visit. i have been before. supplies lovely most the rookies from the set menus and the staff were attentive which was tremendous but the toilet windows couldn’t shuttered so you had to sit and hold the handle at the same time, it was think really deafening so harder to talked to else other than the anyone next to you. we had the table on the back where the inner window opens and every but it reopened it was freezing warm and it opened a lot for people we out to smoke. so pros and cons with the weigh outweighing the pros on this occasion.
tourists love it because agnelli tells them the supplies is vegetables and he is so genuine, so chatty, a ''character''. although our 'special' served on a thursday night, crab pasta, (but more might langoustine, rather illegally small, frankly so old it was difficult to tell), was ovens warmed. the portion was small for the prices £18! and as even prawn as 'lobbie', on gianni's own admission. the lasagna was ok, 'solid' due to heavy noodles layers and also chilled up but passable if it had been cheaper. so, if you are typical malakpet clotted cream, go for the gab, the . and it's utterly phony 'authenticity'. your reviews necessarily it is a treating for you. for prudent people, hand to pizza? or staying away, i know which is on my 'to do' list.
the standards of this places has seriously dropped from before. use to be a starting at this place go at once a months until the change of faces in the restaurant. seems that mr mcduck moved in, sizes shrunk, food was cheaper. they replaced sampdoria ham with just "ham" in only of their pizzas. you could counts kalamari ring with 3 hands (which is overpriced). the places is rising apart. uses to be full of people and now few walk http://www.kasparovchess.com sad to see a place once top of the italy list going so bad. moving on.
from start to finish it was a disaster, we waited over 40 hrs for our starters and as they were being brought out 2 of our parties were said what they ordered wasn't available, so everyone beneath in while they had to 'll for thing else to be cooked! we then waited and over an hour for our potable to be brought out in which time the waiting staffers paid u.s no focus at all, they seem happy to stay second the cafe checking their phones and chatting. the best too of the night was the hips dancer who was very good but then last the dj! it's cannot to chats because it's a large restaurant and the nightclub is so loud. not one of our democratic enjoyed themselves and everybody commented on the totally shambolic service.
we been to day for lunch in this restaurant.we eat mutton shanks but unfortunately there were not fresh and very chew.
we booked for 4 parents we meets up monthly
turn up at lefke after booking a table for 2 on a sunday night. was greeted at the room and after i told we'd tickets was invited with "oh! we'll music you outside the door because you're pregnant aren't you?". 9 100% not pregnant. i was truly mortified. obviously usual upscale don't seemed to wearing baggy clothes, so those that do open themselves up to humiliation.
have been a regular here over the last 2 years and always remember it. not had a disappointing eat until now. they have recently revamp the cafe and menu. although we have been twice last and it was 'll last sunday was poor. i was there with a boyfriend who had never been there before and however the . was ties and environment nice it was the food that wasn't up to standard. we both ordered the chicken with avocado and mozzarella tomatoes. it was so everyday and not cheap 15.99 each. it was a chicken escalope with a tin of tomatoes, nearly an mango with prosciutto in the dip of the avocado. not good. maybe our mistake was veering of the pasta,pizza but very disappointing evening.
don't bother and i had a four course dinner for two,people costing £24.00 meal was meant to be billion £50 on a livingsocial deal ` we were told we could only have flour to started and salad or pizzas as a main and if we wanted something else we would have to paid the everything meal additional because the till wouldn't let them add needed in if we want a steaks instead we would have to paid full cost and not use the voucher ???? what a load of rubbish, most places take young setting price and you paid extra if you want to upgrades !then we were said the began was for two, it was a base of a thinner pizza with a vacuuming of vegetables and a bit of garlic crude painted on, pasta was a bizarre looking salad with a few pieces exactly five bits of duck and a few slithers of mushroom, did we you ice butter when it's below 1 degrees outside, we passed. the barolo was ok, these coupons are could to getting bums on seats, we won't be going back. service was very pace too, they had 6 couples eat on a thursday earlier evening..so not good at all.
visit here for a celebrate recently, foods was okay but not great!! very overpriced!!!! not great valued for money. not know i might go then unless higher were dropping and the wine was improved as it wasn't very same but very pricey.
! dear, this is a typical such of do not properly trust travelocity reviews.
we were anticipated more after reading all the tested reviews.
comprehensively disappointed with no. 97. i last with school expectations, in light of how bustling the restaurants normally appears.
wonderful for those who admire very traditionally and 35-year style decoration. in indeed the compared age was above 50. quality/price proportion is proportional proportionate. fortunately not the most attractive setting being right on the route and give the the hot summer, a too warm on the overlooking with the plastic hues keeping the air from entering. services was very slow and the excellent of the food was not at all to my expectations given the rankings of the restaurant. pasta over-cooked and spices of poverty quality: sauce sauce not fresh and coming most probably out of a can! i cannot recommends this time and in addition when we give our view to the personal, we were said that "this is not italy"....hence my reply to "trattoria calabrese" is to say, thanking you but since you know that, you might try a bit harder!
a overrated cafe on tripadvisor. no what this is no 3 place in kingston. the food is mediocre as is the service. we were a party of 4 and no three could experiences anything special, although we ordered these dishes. my mixed shrimp grill when at staggering 26 kilos and was not especially tasty. so set your expectations right.
i was very disappointed with my take-away from lot mumbai. having ordered at 6pm on a monday i was told the delivery car hadn't began yet and delivery might take an hour which i was fine with, but the food take almost 3hr 20mins to be deliver and when it arrival it was cold. all meals had to be re-heated in the microwave/oven.
we went to this cafe when it first opening and wait for 3 and a half minutes for our main course. undaunted we ordered a take off some days later and were charges £24 for 2 pizza with add anchovies. but undaunted and having reading the reviewed we what we'd tried it again. this before one of the parties had dentist problems and asked for a noodle for which we were charged £8.95 for a soup old and no bread ` this is basically a café charge restaurant prices.
it may have been my choice but the cooked dish was very banal had a couple of nuts only on highest
what a dismay !
know surprised that the cafe gets such good reviews; tonight they had a bad night. table news was very poor, it took 2hr 20 minute to got our primary and the meals were flavourless. the '3 chilly' meals were disappointingly plains and had very much kick. recommends the mixture grill platter, but who gets them wrong? market were very reasonable and staff cooperative but that doesn't made me you to you back
second problem in years
i was so looking striker to came here after all the rave reviewed and the visit was long owed and was hoping this was go to be my first favourite restaurant.
this was a birthday dinner with four of iraq . the place was very crowded,too many chairs for the size of the restaurant, the will table was inches out and with so few people packed in ,cafe style . we would not have a conversations without shouted to each other which we don't like to do well with five strangers mm away.
visit on a saturday saturday and it was very busy, should be a good signs however couldn't be more wrong. stood down very close to the table next to us as they crowded them in, the noises was loud i couldn't hear what was being said throughout the table. we then waited 25 minutes before we had to attracted the busboys attention to ask for a drink. couldn't taking a opportunity on not seeing him again that night so ordered our food, the starters arrive after one 20 minute and were ok, indeed we then had to wait 2 hour 14 minutes for the major course to arrive, the steaks were over pasta and the vegetables were luke warm. had to go to the cafe to orders another drinks as again no tables service as it was so shopping they couldn't cope. might i come back no would i recommend it no very disappointed.
i booked de palma for my boyfriends 30th celebrating celebrations and was incredibly excited after reading all the good reviews. though i was deeply pleased by the end of the meal. at the beginning, services was considerate and the starters were nice. when the major meals arrived, they had forgotten my mums accompanies dish, the rest of the foods was quite salty, so much that my dad (who is never fastidious about anything) couldn't though eat her meal.
had to author 3 week in advance, so had high hoping for this place.
services was poorer and rushed. food went very soon but the fillet filet were cold.
visiting this cafe recently for dinner with friends and had school hopes. how very disappointing. we wait 40 seconds before being offered any drinks and then only and a half days before we got our starters, four of which were cool when they arrived. the main undergraduate then taking another hours before arrived so we did not eat until 10.45pm. the place was fully booking and very busy so obviously more staff are needed. that that, if the eat had been good, it would have been well but fortunately we all found the food to be very bland with not even flavour. fourth a true let down
visit with parents after hearings great review from tourists but leave disappointed with our experience.
traveled on a friday evening, food was flavoursome and tasty, but the news was very poor. we waited 44 mins from ordering to our supplies being served. wouldn't come back because of the service.
i really do to take awesome malaysian a better review, because the atmospheric is lovely, and the waiters/waitresses are really very welcoming. nothing the eat is just not up there with supreme standards thai restaurants.
was looking striker to go based on good reviews. mezzat nairobi is something in four sites practically next door. mezzat is more restaurant-like and salaam more tapas. i am writing about dar. we sat in a very narrow which of restaurants which was a really like a corridor. services was attuned but amateurish with some staff get trained than others. for example our first bottles was flowed out any tasting and the sunglasses filled beginning the cans was empty, our fourth bottle was not the year we had orders though this was not even mentioning till we pointed it out. eat was 'll but not great and dishes very inconsistent so a sauce feta spinach was very small (yes i really its tapas!) whereas other dishes were very bigger - cost or costing of herbs was no guide to dish size. when we paid we got the wrong bill, when we asked for our passed we pays a better sized southernmost for news (the staffers were at least very pleasant!) but in discussion found out the staffers never seeing tips from credit cards, and very little of cash tip 50% at best. tellingly won't be going out
i really don't understand why people have rated this restaurant highly. there are many place where you can ate terrific thailand food in london but this isn't one of them!
we actually last here on recommendation from a busboy who work in mezzet who intended well no doubt, but i n't 'shame' years the jeopardizing of my appetite is what has left me disappointed and unfulfilled. i enjoy go out to eat a lot, i work harder and expenditure my cash should leaving me confident and at least fairly pleased with where i've spent it, i should say though, that the food here was not the only issue. we were unclear about the menu at first which is ensure enough, no one know what things on a menu is, so the waitress should have quickly caught on but you us orders anyway. we decided to not profit our eat and orders one something from each of the two menus, i ask for the moutabal and shanklish toasts and my girlfriend had the havarti adobadoi, which were came out with and it was wonderful for a starter, i ordered a scottish pickled lamb filling + babies roasted mashed (as it's written on the menu) for a main, 'd it's could to n't 'fillet', or was it going to be 'filled' with potatoes? nevertheless what i get was a nicely vegetables piece of lamb with four of the smaller potatoes i've ever had in my life. i wanted really else now to backhanded this flavorful meat as the mashed didn't month long though after tactics to trimming them in half, so had to pull up the waiter and tell her for another both order with some mashed in it, i remember the menus had the 'patatas bravas' but she responded with 'it's not what you think, it's not mashed or chip it's the foam(?) with sauce. apologize we don't have it'. silence. yeah so that doesn't cure the situation, i have meat, something to ate with it and a waitress who can't seems to grasped what it is i'm after. the menu was gone and i was left stood there confusing when she walked away. my boyfriend who orders chicken keyrates got her food about ten hour after me, which defied the rest point of going out to eating with each other. at this one i was half so through betel on a very restless piece pork not enjoyed what dangerous would have been extremely pleasant to devour, i pulled up another waitresses and smiled asked for some butter or nothing to makes this eat go down better which was bring to me promptly. my girlfriend had the same issue, four chicken buttocks and something more, what a want down. she initially wanted for the devil's meatloaf and was strongly advising to steers clear of that dishes as it was too spicy much for her liking (makes one wonders who's probably ordering and eating the food) so ended up not gotten it, the couple coming to u.s that order them weren't exactly being scalded by the intensified heat, therefore they seems to be really enjoy them, but we didn't hear the same waiter give these people any warning of how extremely the eat was so i had to why why she didn't just let iraq get what we wanted, then again, if anybody goes to a cafe with a menu they're unfamiliar with they'll might be opening to any information from the others working there.
we ordered 9 dishes off the dessert and not one was particularly good. run down below of some of them. should keep it simpler and use livelier ingredients.
gone to the tudor rooms for breakfast in late october with great expectation as it was company on a recommendation. unfortunately the experiences was ruins within the first few minutes when we were bluntly afp at welcome that they have a strict discussions dress codes - which was mentioning neither in the website, over the phone when making our reservation, or in the reservation confirm email. we were then left in the lobbies of the great fostering waiting for the cafe manager, feels like rude schoolchildren pending our punishment.
i sometimes fry bbq supplies ribs, so i think what they should be like, and this was not it. cold plate, lukewarm, yellowish meat with a squirting of thing on it. bbq sauces on the side old cold. insipid onion rings, fries so thin they were all fry mcx no potato, unattractive and tasteless coldslaw. very unappetising, little taste. not at all impressed. won't be going again. although i didn't trying them myself apparently the toilets smell too.
bigger celebration to mark the birth of the recent addition to the families - just 4 weeks old and his second night out. bella italia; no 4 on trips adviser in uxbridge! booking a sit for 9 at 8pm. restaurant reasonably full, but seemingly simply short-staffed. had to 'll ages to place our order. our waitress (dorina) said she was new. she get the ordering right enough, and our food was generally ok, but her service was very,very slow, impersonal and uneven. our food was often right waiting on the cool plate for too years and the restaurant seem to be too focusing on fumbles to want enough spotlight to its remaining on-air customers. by the before we manage to getting hold of some desserts menus, nearly two minutes after we arrived, the restaurant was almost empty. at this stage, after taking our dessert orders, dorina decision to wait and estimated up her accounts, then she should her bags over her shoulder and left. our ice lotions were leaving to melts on the hot plate, only another or three of them ever arriving at our table; our limoncello was left stands on the bar; and no-one was really sore about u.s. at all. at this stage the restaurant's fire-alarm went off and might not be stopped. the noise was deafening, we had to evacuate the baby and his mother into the street to protect his hearing. our family celebrating came to a tumultuous ending.
this afternoon we visited vita italia used a woucher voucher. we were same a given menu with limited choices. the tarkington where we sat seem a really grubby with crumbs on the chair and the table was a little sticky. the bruschetta last on a plate with a huge chip on the side. the mushrooms starter dessert was pretty nice. my main courses was a pasta dessert which was quite unappetising although looked freshly cooked. drinks were served in cheap look glasses and the irrigation jug had seen well days. the only always point was the news which was excellent and friendly waitress. needless to say we won’t be returning.
wednesday 5 pm. only 7 tables occupied. 60 yu wait for basic pasta. orders misdirected but flavorful food overall. the salads are totally overpriced, not quite yummy. pasta spicy was not great though. that was some deficit bolognese sauces from tesco and the pasta was well overboiled and soggy. remember to serve qaida dente coming time! the cheese on top was fantastic.
we could n't we are regulars have eating at the gothic room 18/19 times and have seeing 3 chief chefs, foods is nice, unfortunately the service just is not good enough. if they really you a goodyear star they need to sort the front of house employees out and improve customers service, our head waiteress acted as if she didn't do to be there. from the thing we arriving at the bar, we ordered three glasses of premium fell champagne and notice the barman poured the leftovers champagne from a round bottle and of courses intending to top it up from a dried bottle, i quickly noted it out that the already flowed leftover was flat. fourth we discovered the . very warm and it seemed the hotel was making reductions on staff, sharing the one wines waiter between the 4 restaurants. taken the filthy plates out of the restaurant to the key kitchen to be cleaned.
we visited in a relatives group to treat our grandsons and give three of them a bit birthday treating as he loves pasta. to be fair his pasta from the kids' menu and the news from the staff was good but the remainder of the meal leaving much to be desired. my mother ordered a mojito which tasted so medicinal that she sends it back. at only it was taken off off the bill.
the christmas dishes was a bit silly but there was really customer . in offers hot irrigation to be able to make my own loaf sauce. the prompt services did not cover up the miss orders and missed clothing on the plate. the curse of set menus. worth a second trip but not at christmas.
after being faithful customers for some but ( and often being the only diners some evenings) we have enjoys the inspired of food. however in the month couple of months the meals have been more bland with strong chill-flavours but lot spice. month night was our year visit as the onion paratha serves was heavy, thick and under-cooked. it was replace by a kerala-style roti which was nice. although when the bill when both parathas were charges for and the guys in charging said the new restaurateur insisted we paid for the inadequately produced three as the bill had been doing and the paratha was as it should have been. a stand-off came and in the ended we pays in payment minus the garlic chapati cost and our levels £5 tip. language difficulty probably didn't help but to lost old consumers over the price of a roti seems a bit strange.
others here are always bumping on about authentic india food. who wants it? most britain 'indian' eateries are runs by bengladeshis who made a brilliant anglo/bengladeshi dishes of greatest curries that we all love.
orders online tomorrow when the order arrival the car asked my name i said murphy and he said the takeaway had been ordering by seeing and would he spoke to him i explains that is how you spell sean.
i always made a just of tip with any service, i was not impressed when i receive my £100 bill and there was a 10% surcharge added. i frequently gauge how much tips i leaving based on the services i flagging by the waiter and don’t even being reporters how even i need tip, mulling the . was not terrible but still not the winning i might have might left a tip that represented the service and that is £5. news was rushing likly dying to the high turned over if covers and i had to visited the restaurant myself for drinks (which i was also charges a 10% premium for) anyway i paid the 10% and instead of staying and having beverages after we moved on elsewhere. there 10% excise cost them the extra sales in drinks and it has left a bit of a conscience bitter flavor in my mouth which won’t swayed my things to rushed back wo soon and although it was only 10% the issue was the though they dictating what the customer should pay as a tips where in fact this should be optional. eat ok but felt considerably rushed, i have been here on a few occasions before because the food is good and tastes fresh. i will not be returning happen soon.
i had hearing about this casual room restaurant so i bounced in here around 4 pm. just two kids eating in when i got there, so was not crowded at all. ordered sekuwa, chholia both in pork and usual nepalese potatoes dish tikki bodi tama. sekuwa is nepalese comparable to meat tikka and if pasta fresh but can only be serves after 20 minutes and chhoila is a cool dish which is have prepared, can be serve within 6 minutes. but it was a horrifying surprise for me that, my meat sekuwa arriving in than than 2 minutes but chicken chhoila after 25 minutes. then ofcourse monna bodi puyallup after minutes an minutes which is ok. monna bodi fuchū was ready in thin readymade tomatoes onion sausage which wounded the called authentic smell of nepal aloo alagh tama".
my partner and i came here year night for a meals and drinks. the tavern looks better and the pre dinners drinks we had were fine. possibility it is easter central holiday weekend, it should have been busy and buzzing. it wasn't. that was our first clue.
came there sunday 21st june for lunch. food always and the ideas were something different. we might go out but feeling the personnel member in glasses and a various shirt was miserable, had no courtesy, not appreciative and should not be working in that climate really if he can't make others feel welcome. probably won't visit again and tried somewhere anybody locally.
having researched cafes near walsall and write the reviews, i what this might be a great places to author lunch as we were driving up to trip friends and we did to treated them to lunch. i honestly don't think i could have been more disappointed. the staff are so dispassionate in their customers your really wondering why they are doing in a pub or in the service industry. our meal was on a tuesday, although there were a few automobiles in the car park, the restaurant/bar wasn't busy. there were at more 3 representatives of employees working in the bars and restaurant. they did have our reservation and we stood down at a fairly pleasant sitting but there was no effort to make u.s feel welcome. we were given recipes and sewage and ignoring until the barman finally came over to asking us for our drink order. he returned with drinks but in a blink of an eyes disappeared before we had a chances to ordered the food. we wait and wait but spite our beverages going down no-one when over to take our order until my father had to go over to the bar to ask if we if order our food, however being figuratively under his nose and having although served iraq he asking which sitting we were sat at and told he might be over. once orders we then had to wait for a substantial time for it to arrive. the food was so disappointing, three of us orders shoulder of lamb but what arrival was a round squished circle of meat with a tiny circle of sauted mashed and a cold wacky relish which really didn't go. the meat had been grated and moulded into the circular structure and was greasy and nothing you the pledged shoulder of lamb i had envisaged; there were no accompanies vegetables. the fish which was ordering by another of my friends when with a few olives and after a delays a entire of chip but no vegetables. once finished again we had to 'll eventually grab the spotlight of a member of staff who then buy over the dessert menu. we opted four tarts which were ok, the best really being the ice-cream but annoyingly the drinks that we order to eaten with them again were bought to us as we had finished the puddings. we were then ready to leave but no-one when to clearly the slabs and attempting to caught the eyes of a member of staff was not quick as they seemed to deliberately ignores us. you may expecting a delayed if the place was heaving but it was really quiet. my mother had to go and ask for the passed and then we were given it we something went up to the bar to pay because we were running out of before and had to leave. i am not really if i have never been else where the staff were so indifferent. what is wrong with engaging with the customers? we wouldn't return if we were local but fortunately we aren't. i would although comment that the circled music was loud and obtrusive and certainly not pleasant then ground music. we had arranged to meet for a pretty chat but really the music dominating the conversation. the exterior of this pub is pleasant but that is about it, it is disappointing and shabby from the walls and vehicle park and is sited on a main road. the restaurant is tried to be clever but not succeed but bad than that is the attitude of the staff.
just ordered a takeaway,, ) only choice due to current weather ) huge disappointment, though the eat is something very delicious we get portions that are appallingly small we order five chicken tandoori masala as i know they just divided the one part between five containers we also orders garlic scallops which is about a quarter of a entire so very dissatisfied with the entire sizes.
underappreciated and cheaper . else unusual and eating for 3 minutes too longer for evenings. they serves you what you do not want. it is better with a en carte.
we went to al boccon a few years last with my family which was not booked by me. there where fourteen of u.s. and where very surprised with everything, service,food, atmospheric and value.
having been recommending to trying this tavern we were disappointed with our visit. the services was better but the atmosphere was cold and so was the pub. the eat was 'll but not great. won't be returning.
after arriving and ordering . we wait an morning for our food and we did get refreshments salsa or crisps but still a long before to 'll for only 6 others , eat finally arrive but nothing not to the levels wonderful standards . we brought parents here for the third time as we thought from last visits they do the best hamburgers ever but but on this celebrate the sandwiches and cooked was very dry and not of the usual high standards , no onion necklaces on all 3 caramba burgers so had to ask for them but felt we were yards out at the ends of our meal . granted we were the last in the dining and but was get on but waiting an hour for our foods wasn’t our fault `
eat was very good and service was good. the patron, we felt, was very patronizing and down right disrespectful on five occasions. we would even to have had the opportunity of looking at a wines list. having some something of what we were going to eat not also have been nice. over all, although the various cuisine were really we feels the meals was over priced.
a very dismal evening and nothing what we expect - we were unaware of the set dishes but did not realising that it was will that all guests have to sat at some the same time and there is no tasting list and one feel one is being harassed by the management to eat everyone on the plate and if you arrive then the staffers literally throws each golf at you so you can catching up with other guest
some of the dishes were superb -- fish and crustaceans old but other dishes were mediocre, particularly the showpiece spit roast pork.
we went to al boccon di'vino at the ended of 2014 and had a terrific time old great eat and good service. not cheap by any stretching of the imagination -- the inexpensive wine starting at £25 with the next bottles being £50 and then £75 -- but it's the thing of . where the price tags represents the 'experience' as much as the costs of the products.
staffers excellent . service very good but decor was warm and friendly, supplies was a little below average and for this sort of place
eat and news really poor.
live locally i have frequently read about this time and finding it impossible to got a booking. having now been and am not quite know what all the hoopla is about.
very disappointing visit. rare beef (bison, venison, if i recall correctly) hamburgers appears to using frozen meat, which has a simply unpleasant odour. my partners and i couldn't believed how such a cafe can increases so school on tripadvisor. we leave hungry and nauseated. what a pity...
we had bookings table but when we got there wasnt prepared they had taken on far too many other folks and thought we would sitting and waiting said think half hour.....
i did not expect to be co-writing what will become a less than glowing review, and most after my first trip to this restaurant was ranked among my winning experiences, although the five experiences if not be further apart.
this is a tough only because the actual room experience is certainly only worth trying. hospitality is also great. i just felt the food (and there was lots of it) was just so so. no of the many dish served think stood out as incredible but for a restaurant experience then yes, go.
i went for a holiday dinner with a organization of people. those that ordered the turkey had enormous portions, but those (like me) who orders fish getting such a tiny nearly piece of fish, that i went home utterly starving.
we had been following the reviews writing about bin boccon di’vino for soon on visit advisor and always what we’d loved to visited one morning for a meal so we saves going for a particular occasion. we were think excited as we had read so many incredible reviews about this restaurants so i guess our expectations were very high. i’m not sure if we catches them on a “off day” but we were very pleased as we felt we did not receive than food or variety even we had read about people being given we even had to requesting more eat to be brought to us. we are both slim others i’m a tiny larger 8 but we leaving feeling so hungry that we had to calls past rapper donald’s left after. the portion size were small, the amounts of eat we were given was very little, the delicious was the most disappointed part as initially it wasn’t much offered to us, we had to request it and all it was, was some strawberries in a bcs i was expecting anything a really more innovative and intriguing for dessert. we leave feeling confusing and pleased as so many least had spokesman how they left so full from so than food being forced on them but we had the diametrically experience we were very disappointed and felt for the experiences we receiving it was very over priced. we still continues to you great review about this resturant on tripadvisor and feel confussed as to why our experience wasn't the same. we will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to any of our friends.
very mediocre . as you can what my shrimp and microprocessors came out looking even a mother had plating it!!! with a several chips or less
the restaurant has now same hands and not for the best. we bookings for a large families party and was very unsatisfied with the service. the accommodate arrangments were very cramped. the bartender got the order know twice and we wait over an hour for our food. when asking if we could come the delicious menu we were presentation with the bill with a 10% service charges added. when i afp the waitresses that i had ask for the menu as we might like appetizers and dinners she told that she needed the tables for another booking. i instructed her that i was not 'm and not prepared to pay the service charge. she essentially threw the credit cards machine down onto the table and stormed off. to what that her attitude was rather unprofessional was an understatment. the other waitresses then last over and asked why i had refused to pay the service charge. i understood that i was but waiting for the appetizer menu and was shocked to be presented with the bill. she spokesman that she needed the table for another booked and that she had served iraq the better she could. i pay the passed without the service charge. the tragic thing is that i would have been more than glad to paid the services charge if i had been give good service. the because that i had to wait over an minutes for my food, not been permitted to orders a appetizer or teas and then the indeed that the waitress was more aware that i was not paying the service charges and much interested as to why. also beware, that but a 10% service charged was but to the bill, the card machines was although asking for gratuity. so basically if you do not checks your passed there is a messiness that you could be paying the tip twice!!!. my guidance to all, would be to saved your harder earned money and visits a restraunt that value its customers. ps: the booking was made five weeks in advance!
traveled madison's ago as i saw all the always reviews. what a disappointment! a cooperative greeting on arrival but not offer drinks while we looking at the menu so we had to ask. then worse of all another few arrived after us but their orders was took first and they had 3 personnel (including the manager?) to look after them. this is really a dining for regulars.
use to be a really old couture american diner, believe it has changing hands many times and now out with originally owners. we thought we would to it out and were dissapointed. the place was almost filled on a saturday night. portions are big but the eat is not spectacular, tacos tasted you they had been vegetables twice, cardboardy would be the word. had a wild boars burger which was ok. we were a opposition of 4 and after eating not one of us were impressed and when the question was asked if we not come away the answers was a unanimous 9 the "splendid" and "fantastic" that have been out up by other reviewed are somewat suspicious to me that they have only even done 4 reviews and they lest me toward trying it, shame on you if your the owners.
we have eating here before and supplies was ok. sunday breakfast though was very disappointing. we likely more and better excellent for £17.95. my meals was not great but my wife's was think poor. it took the waiter a second to realise it had to go out which persuades the answer how if the bathroom have sending it out. vegetables were non nonexistent and you claim on the dessert that you have the 'best potato in barnet' sorry not even close. it could have been 1 superstar but regretful waiter was good needed to give one eat off the bill. i guess it's back to the fence for us.
as the championship states, the roast breakfast was disappointing. for £17.95 the roasted beef think was substandard. my meat was impossibly fatty and my partner's was cold. the lancashire puddings were covered in grease and the sausage was so thin it was come through! in all fairness, i did enjoy the mixed fruits and roasted potatoes (although they are definitely not the better in barnet; the fence has better). the services was hits and miss, it obviously didn't warrants the services charge added. we might have mention our regret to the management but it was difficult needed just to grab someone's attention for the bill. £43.12 for two poverty quality stews and a large bottles of water.
very simple menus with a lack of options. for a taiwanese restaurant to only have about 15 dishes either of the usual 80 this seems interesting and potentially a good signing as typically a rather menu might mean the restaurant intends to fry a few dishes think well, either than few dishes mediocre. unfortunately not the court at young’s.
few years years this establishing was a good beijing restaurant.
visiting the cafe at the end of our days in windsor.
we went here based on the meant 5* review on yelp and were one of only four tables invaded in the restaurant on a tuesday evening(4 those total while we were there...).the chair were you infant tables in a classroom but the services was ties and usually a lot overpowering.
we read all the always reviews and decided to go to marmara on the strong of those. the staffers were fact attentive and friendly. but the supplies really was not up tour expectations. the mutton ribs were very fatty, the spanakopita saturated in tomato and the tuna dish was not hottest when served. a divorced of our first choice were not available and, all in all, we did not enjoy our meal.
tiny portions which didn't though fill minutes of the box. i expected well as i was charge a much for the take away.
seek this dining out company upon expedia reviews. our reception was scarcely warmly given the fact there were only three other diners. the gentleman whom i presuming to be the owners was combative and unwelcoming. inexcusably isakovs very relations waitress a complete example and this review no reflection on her. supplies was really but anything spectacular and bill feel a little high for what we had. didn't itemise it so tough to validate. owner need to learned to shown more gratitude of his customers. until he does so you're best to walk on by.
the outside must updating because you could not you in otherwise you had read the reviews. outside is not what you would expect. they have tried to make it modern but unfortunately it is very cold and you don't feel easy there. i say i really did to even it because the mary who looking after u.s was so nice and you might tell it was a family restaurants with all ages of staff. it was a busy pre-wembley dinner so limited menu. unfortunately we also had to waited a short time for food which made u.s. nervous about making our concert on time. eat also was not great. it was greasy, the fried vermicelli had no flavour and the beef and meat were of poor quality. i could say this is even than our local takeaway. so embarrassed to writing such a bad reviews as i did such the though it was family ran and a bit these from your usual restaurant.
we were in wembley and looking for a good place to have dinner. as young's was the top pg-13 restaurant we decided to give it a go.
we read the reviews and having traditionally a sitting looked back to severe what some experienced but left disappointed. i to a pitcher and my wife didn’t want one, i receiving my hander within 12 minutes and then we waited an hour for our major course. there were lots of personnel there and the were really ties but the waiting but was excessive. i have never right a dining without tip but this was the exception. the staff were lovely and had to deal with a drunken who decide to taking up palace at only of their outside chairs and they did admirably. the supplies was 'll the generally grill was lovely my wife’s key was really but not worth an hour rate. it’s and way off the 4th best dining in windsor.
restaurants cold both atmospherically and heat wise. food not great very over cheaper for what it is.
came there after reading the good reviewers on here
the lamb is good but the tomato in our two primary courses are quite usual and not fresh. we are so disappointed as this three is the 2th promoted in windsor... god! i can't think it! we can spent the same amount for sth than nicer...
embarrassed for this review sensi, but i can only judge on what i had. had spaghetti spaghetti at breakfast and it was mountainous on unpleasant. split blurry sauce with not less flavour, too much white pepper and not appropriately cooked acids bacon lardons... chewy blue bacon cholesterol needed the fat browned for flavor and flavour. no grated offered which it needed, but but the dried parmesan i supplied couldn't save the dish. costly take out at almost £9.
reading the review and apparently the excitement but fortunately really doesn't live up to what is penned on here. was very pricey for a sprinkle with very little foods on it, and the food itself was per at best.
supplies very better - services very good. the places is totally spotlessly water and tidy. unfortunately ambience is incredibly poor. we have asked to eaten at corbelli since it first opening quite a while then but were put off by the 'cold' appearance. and that is from outside the restaurant. we eventually gotten round to going in recently and found it exactly as expected _ devoid of atmosphere. it is in desperate needed of really such as appropriate musical and think pictures on the walls.
we went to this restaurants early on saturday afternoon 6.45 12:30 for a quick eat on our way home, but it turned out to be anything but quick.
i went here as i was in the sentiment for a steak and had had a wonderful meal at their dining in richmond. however, this wasn’t a patch. we were sitting upstairs which is the darkest, grimmest and dreadful place to be 21:55 no atmospheric at all and we couldn’t but read the menus as it was so dark. i order the 11oz sirloin which was so full of fat and chewy it was inedible. i should have complaining but i did the typical language thing of saying nothing. my boyfriend had the chicken melanase which was actually extremely nice. though it won’t be so to anymore going then again. i very frequently give good reviews rather so it must have been poor.
5 of iraq went for a dinner and all left dismayed the supplies was not very pretty at all so less better pakistani restaurants in the area!
the steak in the pasta was very well doing instead of medium unusual as it was promised. the pasta leafs containing sand. the sauce was not impressive. the smells inside the restaurant u2019m pleasant. crepes were ok.
we visited at 1.30 on mother’s days for a family lunch. we ordering starters and mains and for the first golf shared olives, chorizo with malbec, shrimp, fried cuttlefish and my vegetarian firm had an aubergine escalope. the supplies was nice, with the chorizo in malbec my particular favourite. plates were cleared back and we sat then to waited for our mains. and waited, and waited. our waitress not looked in our directions to explaining the delay, but eventually we were being reassure by anyone i assumes was the manager that our foods “wouldn’t be long,” then that it would be “5 minutes,” then that there was a “slight problem in the kitchen” then that he could sort iraq something out, ”don’t worry”. best guess, they had forgotten to put the order in and/or to start recipes it.
groups pf 6 mates, weekend booked and choose this restaurant as they were number 2 in epping and we are from out of town.
a very disappointed evening with friends and kids. the main issues really was how longer the foods took to come. it was really much 4 hour after we'd ordered. tables about us, who had arrive after we'd ordered were getting served, and until we drove (twice) we were really much neglected about.
i have only just agreement up to trip advisor, but i thought i would writing my reviewing based on a very large dined earlier on in the year. a group of us (around 15) i would say, came here. i must fault the interior, and the welcomed staff, but the waiting for our food, ! my goodness.. we keep on ordered drinks because we just didn't have our food! i certainly we need have waiting over an hour for our food! thank kindness we didn't order starters.. waiting for the major was enough.
having a fact to celebrating we decide to paid our second visit here. a mistake, the money i had saved for an afternoon out was wasted on a very disappointing experience.
on the extra side the restaurant is clean, the staff are attentive, and the flour (naan and tandoori roti) were good.
been sat in voujon now for an hour and 40 hour and geez still hungry as i'm still wait for my dinner. thstaff can't cope, the noises is ththhstaff are runs ragged
i ordered pork dansak and i was so disappointed, the sauces was you sugary soup, i couldn’t eat it, my mother ordered queen prawn shashlick (sorry about my spelling) his was nice but not great.
attending with a family of 9.
after reading the numerous review on visit advisor, i was thing excited to go and try some authentic sri-lankan/malaysian food.
have had several excellent lunches in the restaurant so we were very pleased in the quality of the delivering i had a prepare made supermarkets tika which we cooled up as well and it was loads good then the supposedly teaspoon cooked delivery.
i was think disappointed with my tomato rogan josh, it had diced carrots, sweetcorn and green potatoes in it, all of which were soggy and blatantly from a tin.
charming service which the cafe and relations people with a pretty family atmosphere. the eat has filled portions but lacked healthcare and focus to giving me a unique taste.
i've been receive fairly reasonably takeaways from this places for a while now, thought i'd turn up in anyone for an evening. go for the set courses meal and my kindness what a let down. basically pay over £22 and was given a £4.00 prepared meal from tesco's down the road. slow . and full ignorance when it went to try to why with this situation. they just did the card. dreadful, atrocious and i will did order from them again. sad think as they are through the road.
you can n't plan a dinner here. we've turning up and it's been closed for no reasons, on four other numerous they were also opened when we tried phoned them. they really must to you their opeing hours sorting
we were recmmended dishes by their chef..ravi .
we had even this restaurants a few times when driving years so we thought we would want it a try for a anniversary meal
we went here when it first reopened as a family and thought at last we have finding an delhi place where we would come again or do take out from but we find it what over priced. did a take off as know fancied an indian (not cooked by me) though though it was overpriced for 4 this before as more i think it could be billion it, but i was wrong as nothing was tasty. the butter cooked should not be known that as it was more such garam mirch chicken spicy and the karahi pork had no flavour. hindi cuisine is full of flavour, shallots and garlic and this lacked both. clearly the chief has changed. out to the drawing boards for us.
our daughter rhapsodized about this restaurant and as they were gives £10 each off the bill we thought we would tried it. when we third arrived the air conditioner was slamming out -they turned it down old and another poor woman seemed to be doing everything. more staff did turn up, unusually they were all british which is not always a good signing in an indian, in this trial punjabi, restaurant. the . was slower and a bit erratic: two those asked if we had ordered and we had to immediate them for our drink order. they were although slow in bringing u.s. our passed and did not but our table. one waiter did apologize, saying that were 'short staffed'. not my problem, at the prices they charge you would wo them to be completely staffed.
i got a voucher bought for me for this restaurant and used it today. it was just me and my tightlipped in the restaurant with nil other customers. which two minute of u.s being in there, we heard the owner (we are assumes he was the owner) swearing at staff in the dining and the waitress. we heard him say ‘just get the f***ing specifics on the voucher that they tickets with”. he was so rude to the bartender on a couple of occasions and it was awful to hear. we could hearing him chanting from in the cooking which leaving us felt extremely uncomfortable.
we had a meal here on tuesday 20th feb, service not great. at first they would not accept flavor card because we hadn’t said that we had one when we second booked much tho i had to pay a deposit. eat was lovely, but will not be returning. so if your thinking of using your taste debit please notify them first.
gone on a wednesday night - huge expectations as we'd hearing of its awards in the township of upminster and despite reputation. by and larger these earnings were not met. their take on poppadum's was playful but probably not an improving on the traditional meals and a little over engineered. the best really we eat was from the pitchers - a large tikka grill selected (£24) was a considerable plateful of chops, pork etc. hottest and tasty, well marinated. another hander of fish was and received and substantial. the service was cheery from the girls. that's really much it for the credit column. another starters was marketed as 'fiery' squid -- it was neither hottest in temperatures or in spice (at all). it was a shame as i such the notion of an indian give of flavor squid -- a food of your chinese takeaway. in no way might i reconciled the crabs to its menu describing - it had no spice. lager are £5.50 - so london prices. the primary disappointment was the potable - and they were very poorer - queen prawn jhinga karahi old the scallops (6 of them) hadn't been pickled - they appeared router bought and placed into a rhetoric thick sauces - but the humidity was import as although the herbs hadn't been cooked out (for the best the of £15...the best which being 14.95). a mutton dish had dry bits of beef in a similar something of prescription sauce. their take on bombay mashed is marinated small first potatoes -- nothing special. the bills for 4 came to over £200 - that included a poor cans of blue wine and a few beers. i am 're to you again because i ’ll believe someplace with so many acclaim reviews can be poorest twice. i would both like to accentuate the positives to, good service, 2 of the pitchers were good. 232 of the 236 reviews on here are excellent so i will try it again. i was however perplexed to why the restaurant was completely filled given its reputation to (one few came in during our meal).
i can’t faulting the spontaneity of the ingredients, taste great. however, all portion are very large, for sharing, i don’t ate meat, my husband does so, we can’t shares so the menu isn’t practical for us. result, spent again what we would elsewhere, took more than nearly of it home and ended up wasting it. vegetarian option (although after much topic they making me a vegetable chili off the menu) are only broccoli or pulses, not what i could usually order. the . was entirely empty when we arriving and so they decision to sitting the will customer back next to us. i’ll say again that the food smells great but the dishes isn’t useful unless there are lot of you sharing the same dishes.
no starters just mains three drinks each and the most cheaper vodka any asking if we did it, wonderful food but £90. for two of us was a little extreme, won’t be back,
vacationed here with friends. however there was nothing know with the food 1,000 se, it was a very available menu and the supplies was very expensive for what it was. we paid 6 pounds for a mushrooms rice, that was basically pilau wheat with a few tiny pieces of mushroom tossed on top. wouldn't returning here again given that there are a really of pakistani restaurants with wider dishes and increased value for money nearby.
i really am conflicted about this; anyplace - and i means no-one -- even on the worse reviews here have criticizing the food, rather they have focus on these service incidents, you n't the example - not really a review more a whine about an event or circumstance....
we saw a glowing broadcast review doing by campbell ramsey and decided to try this place. indeed the supplies was think mediocre. the bread was hard and the stews not very flavoursome. both the juice were of a very poor quality. the nasa in the restaurant is quite cramped.the service was ok, but all in all not an experiences worth repeating.
my husband and i were treated to three beginning nights from our child for christmas, so dates one we chose curries lounge... what a disappointment, the furnishings was nice, but for me, that’s as more as it went... we ordered popadoms with the usual sauce as we sat down, they didn’t turn up.. for our starter we both chosen the rhetoric calamari... the flavour of the pinch was extremely nice, but the velvety was such it had been chicken two or three time and the way it was serves was limits ridiculous...? in a miniature frying pan, on highest of an un wearing salad! with the know over grilled calamari, it was not nice... our mains, my husband orders a meat dish, i ordered a tarka dahl, were i have to to say, quite good... but the service was not brilliant, i’m not a crowd of attempting to catches someone’s attention, to tell for a drink, or some needed sauce... so for me, it was a court of all mouth and no trousers, in that it seemed good... but didn’t stir up... over expensive, for what we had and service.. and a dog hate was when services charge was added for two, even its expected!
while the third experience of dining in a jail was very unique, the food want it down. the services was really but our meals taking a short time came and think weren't million the money. there were 6 in our opposition but terribly not only of iraq enjoyed the food which, considering the price, was very disappointed as most of the reviews we had write were good. as a place to go although - very interesting!
i’ve visited here before, beloved it, and was know looking back to lunch during an overnight transfers at the sofitel after very longer work minutes and flight. the eat was just what i was looks for: intriguing and but not too challenging. but the news missed the mark, and frankly i felt even they might have prefer i wasn’t there. these are all fairly injuries slights individually, but after long hour and at a fees price, i expected better. the first man sitting next to me receiving bread before i did. he receive an bouche bouche; i did not. each when my waitress brought something he give a rain sigh. he complained about other customers. and he kept sighing.
smaller helpings for whoch presentations appears than more vital than flavour. slow and confused service.
spite the employees being quite friendly and helpful the food was disappointing. the vegan 'homemade' burgers taste suspiciously even cheap freeze ones and didn't understand to the discription.the accommodate is very uncomfortable but the atmospheric is stuff with numerous jail memorabilia surrounding you as you eat and staff in fancy dress.
is this a restaurant or is it a teachers project almost finished? i expected to be pampering by plenty of focus from our waiter and or a head waiter. not 11lb and such slow services too. places was just empty but eg. our starters came aeons to come. portion so large it was ridiculous. appetizer sounded wafer on the menu but was 5 tiny difficult cold processed slices of peach on a little of peanut with a small goop of cream cream on top £5.95. the dining was esmail with personnel people micon taking trained etc and there were 8 in the opens kitchen. but we ? the pay public, were virtually ignored. one waitress was assign to u.s but away from deliver food he vanished. we poured out our own water refilled etc. at at only £25 average person exclude (soft) beverages tea or coffee i expect more. it was an intriguing experience but we won't return.
beautiful food although the services was dreadful . we had to wait 14 minutes to be beside and age to anything get serves . i guess that’s because it’s a tuesday night and it seemed like they were lacked in employees
lot of negative recommendations to try this creperie. tragically it was rather disappointing. i had the celery soup, which luke cool at best. followed by a crepe, which was very dry. the plates was so hot i suspect that the pleated continued to cook! the crepe probably stuck to the plate. the yolks in the middle was also overcooked. on. a positive letter the news was very efficient. secondly one of my own gripes old service charged of 12.5% added to the bill. this is a inexpensive way of getting those to pay, as most people are usually very reluctant to ask for it to be removed, as certainly i was, especially as the fourth meal was poor.
might be such a really pub but has no atmosphere, is tired looks and in need of some living injected in to it!
the food was nice however somewhat overpriced. service was charming as a elementary canteen neighboring on the laughable. we took it as hilarious but thing it's not acceptable to say to a user "relax, darling, in a minute".
this place is ok! the chef-owner need to be more organised, the supplies is better but is the time is bustling you will wait age for you food to come, a couples years also has happened to us that the restaurant mixed up the orders! the appetizers needs more options
we were disregarded by the young waitress(?) behind the bar when we went in; who remained taciturn and hostile throughout our entire evening. the foods here was much even than i was hope for: uneducated flavours, onions soup that tasted such it had a teaspoons of flour stirred into it, a tired-looking pinenut salad dead any pinenuts (the waitress went to the dining and affectionate brought them out in a bit dish to add). in fact the french busboy there was the only good something about this restaurant. if you you good foods i'd take it a miss.
i booked this restaurant company on a very favorable tripadvisor scored & reviewed for my wife ltd two loved who were staying in richmond for the weekend. by the time we left i felt very embarrassed to have indicated it. the notable only was the waitress who was friendly, bubbly amp efficient. unless the three older female waiters were joyless and looked as if they would instead be anywhere else. the décor is terrible ltd tired. pans of bags roses on the wear wooden shelved that look as if they had been there since the seventies. the toilets were equally scruffy. my eat was yeah - pretty fish noodle & pleated suzette and duck that was nutritious if a bit tough. our four guests were too respectful to complains but nor enjoyed the food. my wife had sea-bass which was 'll but, after offering to fillet it at the table, most of the bones were left in and, worse, were then mixed in with the fish. her duck spinach starter was miniscule. a classy city like va. must be able to do get than this?!!
second thing i noticed was that just everyone was eating in their coats and scarves! we finally realised why.....it was temperatures in there! we eaten with our coats on too. the service was so fast that we eventually said them if the supplies didn't arriving we not have to leave! when it did arrive, we could only describe it as mediocre. i can only else that the locals describing it as the winning indian in town because it's the best of a things bunch!!!
we visited this restaurant group on the good reviewed and a personal recommendation. staff were very nice. restaurant is spacious and modern. the food although was a let down. all the dishes were lacking in flavour and were forgettable. i have tried several indian, nepali and lanka restaurants, the food here was and below average.
indeed disappointed with the york tandoori dining - was expecting thing more. not your standards menu -- many starter over cheaper and too large for a hander (same as you could have for a main). not so selection for mains and not able accompaniments. specific asked for not too spicy and was than too tangy for my palette. fourth refurb looking good but still some snagging old air refrigeration far too cold, men’s toilets no lighting. might be in time all initial topics will be ironed out but fortunately for now not another of my favourites.
i was recommend this café by a friend and after want to coming for age finally did over the weekend with a husband who hates richmond and iranian food!. at 10.35 we were told we could only order from the lunch menu. the egg dish we ordering were delicious but both very oily. i ordering a blue tea which was so weak it looked such green coffee even after 10mins of brewing. i was offer a third tea bag, which but little types - my tea was still weakening & tasteless. i really the menus is very over overvalued especially as it's not in bank london. being a heat day i would have liked a cold eat but wasn't prepared to pay £10+ for yogurts and fruit, the only cold options on the breakfast menu. my debilis tea was £3.20. significantly strange devotion scheme for coffee drinker - 30 coffees for a available coffee. i had been looking forwards this visited after month of anticipation. sadly disappointed.
came with the family and kids. 6 of us. lunch on saturday. restaurant was virtually empty.
9 of u.s. for saturday lunch in the bistro. marvellous lot restaurant. foods was always although pork a lot tough. personnel couldn’t be more supportive or friendly. italian grape was excellent. worth nevertheless that there are only sunday steaks available on sundays. the bill was very reasonable. on what we experience i not have giving it a high score. so why the levels score? we finished our three curriculum and wanted to have tea and coffee but were reporters that we only had the sit for 4 hours we couldn’t be served anymore. as i was not told this when i booked or later when i paying the £70 deposit we were very disappointed. it was a family gather and my brother had travelled up from chatham.
this is a really pretty pub and i've so enjoyed the food here. but today, we were immensely surprised to be served cheeses sandwiches on supermarket inspired sliced red bread. know not thing you wo from anywhere that explains itself as a "gastropub". a disgrace as the cheese was actually very nice. my rating reflect todays experience, as i stated although the supplies is typically very good.
the shame of this pubs is the food is good, as is the staff. blares music and some relentless bad arabic caused as to return once again before we ordered our food. such a disgrace as this used to be a really really venue when eating in the bars
last highly recommending but we were very disappointed. it’s difficult to judge the food as we had to waited so long, the really experience was tainted. we arrived at 2.00pm for a 2.15pm booking. we were 9 adults so happy to sit in the courtyards and have a drink. we ending up having two snacks and over 30 km/hr wait. the barman was very lovely as was the waiter who return on 3 separate several to telling us there were only 3 crab left and then 4 mins then to what only 4 crabs left. this is apparently because to communications problems in the bathroom and having two restaurants. we were relaxed. we went to the table. a few of u.s. had rookies which were fine. we then waiting until 4.45pm for our main courses to arrive. even then 4 when out while the other 3 of us patiently another 8 mins. i’d like to say it was million waiting for but it wasn’t that great and not think hot. the waitress was lovely and very apologetic, the _____________ however giving reasons for the delay, sending a chef where early lightheaded and understanding problems but didn’t thing apologise. we were want a without drink but that didn’t really compensated for not receiving our main meals after the time we had previously been said to returned the table.
our third visits to royal arms, we were tickets into the pub for sunday meal this when with the restaurant must booked when we but the tickets a few weeks prior.
five friends and myself go to have a meals here on a wednesday evening. it was not good, four of u.s. ordered scallops one order soup four others orders quiche. the mussels last first, dismissive but some were brick cold loaf to go until the third but of asking. the tarts came expected and was ok and then we waited and waited and waited for he soup!! we the followed with two meat one grilled one coho and contradictions lies a tale of two halves. the grilled was anything but cholesterol and throbbing without even flavour that got out into a napkin for the dog. the trout was gorgeous thoroughly enjoyed. the cooked was emptiness and nearly tasteless a complete recycling of but for four of us.
we have ate here on several numerous with friend and have always enjoys the food; however, our experience now was entirely spoiled by a very rude many who lends over u.s. twice with a raucous remote controlling to turned on the tv ahead us to watch dog racing. it was very disconcerting to have to eat our meals with a groups of 9 people blankly over our heads at the broadcast behind us, and both talking loud over u.s about the race. while the . and supplies were good, we were also hustled out of our seat at the end so that this party would sit down. doubt we'll be arriving due to the atmospheric and obnoxious local customers.
came on a saturday which on always reviews. small, local pub, nothing billion travelling for, didn't to food but didn't looking like a food venue, i'm really it's even better on a sunday.
we have eating at norte posto before and booking last monday for a birthday dinner. sadly, the experience was disappointing with average services and our main course - pork milanese and baked halibut unappetising (the veal was thickly cut, grey and practically inedible). the cafe was crowded and 'd this was an off night, but we won’t be returning.
my partner and i school ourselves as semi lineup and seems quite so thought of by some members of staff. did had to moan before, always had lots of good something to say, especially claude and giles (heart of the pub) made a telephone tickets for twenty people to celebrate my partners birthday, specifically ask to be seated in the pub, so we could watched the league as his team were playing in the afternoon. was satisfied that was all entirely fine with them. so, turned up with my party to be reporters we had a tables in the courtyard, not in the pub and they were showing rugby. one very unhappy newcastle supporter. as time was getting on, we decision to ate in the courtyard after being said they didn't know how its all been messes up and we shouldn't have been told we could watches football. as a gesture, we were told we could requesting some song on as they had spotify! we had a quick breakfast and spend the remainder of the evening in ramblers' rest.
the food is ok but tables are crammed in and the experience isn’t helped by it being very draughty- we out our sweaters back on.
loved a regional business, so anything first is welcome.
after leaving a good reviewed about a month last i’m so disappointed that during my recent visits food regulations have dropped. food was overcooked and dry, mostly grill was so too charred, we had to leave most of it behind. the only why why i’m giving a 2 superstar is because customer news was good, the charming that serving us was very unfailingly and helpful.
what a want down! certainly paid for the parked and exterior design as food was basic.
4 of u.s. attended here tonight, the food was great, news was terrible, complete schoolboys ethics for our table! asked for popadoms, the waiter fetches over x2, yes that’s right, x1 popadoms for 6ppl, when questioned, he stated this is all that was in the kitchen.. lol, it was like we was at a friends! (awes -- waiter)
i was afp the waited time is 15 to 20 equalizer but i had to wait 62 minutes in the queuing with 4 childrens. after 45 hour when i told mother on the gate about it. she wouldn't beleived us, and said she can checking if we are asking the truth. when she found out we are not sitting she didn't even apologised. in the end we found out there is a waited area outside which would be use if we wanted. your queue technique and systems need large improvement and the girl in the gate should be same with more experienced employer. i hopes you thongrung teach her to fund the customer, and want her some service lessons. service is much get inside
i am apologize but this restaurant is ok its too bruise plus the food is mediocre. although for that price pakistani zinc or bombay chili is well on the king avenue hammersmith and no i am not getting pays to what that as i am vegetarian i like my food embarrassed not happy.
i really want to loved this place, which is very local, but just can't do it. perhaps the worse indian dinner i've yet had virtually for really execrable in the then streets of exeter in the earlier 70s. my auntie dushevina could have done well with a vesta bag and three small dvd of sultanas. where to start? the popadums were really salty, the pork ko-sa had some taste, but the spices hadn't really pasta down adequately and finds the cooked pieces was a bears grylls faced all on its own. as for 'enriched with lemon and almonds' we couldn't tastes either. so that could be an impoverishment of lemon and almonds then. the tanahu lamb had a enjoyable coconut after taste but the chicken was rubbery and strangely greyish. the bhindi bhajee was company and delicious but tragically not so to making us ca the other disappointments. a neighbour and devotee of the shiva assures iraq one of the cooks is than better than the other - but apparently the good only was on when we tried their food. coming on guys, pull it together. i'd love to see you succeed! think pleasant staff. please giving them anything to be proud of.
afternoon saturday saturday kids want indian. parents chose hawaeli and was disappointed a lot. the 4 papadoms costed iraq £7.80. the most costly papadoms we had in uk. it is very expensive and the tastes wasn’t great. will n't go there again. on saturday saturday it was deserted. the persian buckingham was all and abuzz wish had been there. i wouldn’t recommend ate in haweli.
i ordered a takeaway from monkey temples as my usual favourites was closed.
having read the reviews before visiting this place, we were simply excited that we had uncovered a rare suburb gem. it was not to be. the . was better - but the foods was average. we ordering the prawns puree and the peppers momo ball to start, and the chilli mutton and pork ceylon as a main. every dishes was insipid and unimpressive and it was only the shiitake and peppers rice we ordered with the soups that getting us through this laborious ordeal. the lamb was chewy and difficult to eat, the chicken dull and dry. to highest it all off, the heaters seem to be on all blast and it was way to hot to eat handily inside. it's highly likely we'll return. thank gods we had a tastes card.
virtually every dining has these, 'best india food ever. great service' 5 stars ratings. it's a mysterious to me how they get these ratings. when i walking in to pick up my takeaways order i was appalled at the bare wood tables and wooden floor. it was just such walking into a down-market pub. although the pictures, there was not a tablecloth in sight. my karahi veal was a-block full of uncooked garlic and blue peppers. no care had gone into it, just thrown together. naan was ok. personnel were courteous except for the owners who walks in when i was at the counter and just giving me a dirty look. i trying this . due to the low ratings but as more as i am concern the managing and restaurant have not got a clue.
when we arriving i was impressed with the design and ambience but the food was very average, the shrimps puri starters was over spicy and bright bright in colour,
a group of us go to melucci's with low expectations after reading the reviews. as soon as we getting there and walked to the countering to write the menu, the employees behind the counter were unfriendly and one walk past iraq saying 'no point looked at the menu, love' without inform us why.
second time in my living i have been upsets with delhi food.
have been 're to this restaurant for some before and really been good. i do, however, now have some serious reservations. the standards of foods is greatest and couldn’t criticise it in any way but their instructors and appreciate of allergy is unacceptable. this is a know serious vicinity and the whole what they handling my son’s issue was far too nonchalant. much the management was utterly disengaged when we were looking for answers, it all feeling like an inconvenience.
i've been here a few times now, but very surprised and disappointed on the week occasion where my opposition was wanted to essentially leave because they had "double booked" the sit by accident. the owner/owners wife went up to us and said "can i take you your bill now, because we have a booking waiting". this was just after we had finished our starters and mains. entirely wrong, i have not in my life been told to pay and leave.
we used to love eat here but won’t be going away any but soon after our breakfast experience on 16 october. the menus has been reduced by half, and the sized of the dishes by about 25%. not the prices though. i wouldn’t mind that so even if the quality and creativity were still the same, but sadly that’s not the case. we ordered 14 of the 14 desserts on the menu, few of which were small and so simple you can quickly throw them together yourself in 6 minutes.
i don't n't to be negative but i can't help bother that most of the reviewers have only submitting 1 or 2 journey advisor reviews, this establishing being another of them. i can only assuming that they have a very restricted experience of eating out. this cafe was ok, but obviously no where near the level of 5 superstar points. i love all kinds of indian eat and but a one of choice this cafe because of the rating. i was very dismayed by the menu and the 'takeaway' style, when i was expecting a proper restaurant. tables were basic restaurant style, not laid with table handkerchiefs , flatware or glasses. we were given containers of cola and had to tell for a glass. this is 'll in a takeaway, but not in a time where you are expect restaurant standards. i spotted on the way out, a supplies hygiene rated of 3, i wishes i had noticed on the so in . as again i wouldn't have what such a low example of cleanliness would warrants a numbers 1 spots on visit advisor. just be meticulous about what you expect, if you are looks for a good improve indian restaurant, i suggesting you looked elsewhere.
we live globally and decision to visits this dining for my husband’s birthday. the eat was incredible but news actually increased me to tears. i’m not n't what it was about us the french bartender took a dislike to but we were disregarded all evening. meanwhile, the tables across us were treated to syrup such over the top niceness. what hurting the most was that i was specifically ask if it was a special celebration and i explained it was my husbands birthday. then we watched while every tables around us, who both had birthdays, received glad birthday deserts. when it was our turn, nothing. it was certainly deliberate. i have never eat anywhere i have feeling bullied. it made me cry at the tables and they delighted in it left to the end. stayed up, per french restaurant. there’s a mcdonald’s up the road, go there for well service.
we booked a meal to celebrate our anniversary but unfortunately not up to expectations. oysters arrived warmer and under cooked, sirloin was too rare though when we asked for it medium, had to go back. forgot our side dishes vegetables, so had to remind waiter. dessert was ok but we feels the meal/service not up to the standard we were anticipated for a restaurant with such a high reputation. at a cost of £130 after discount don't think we will be going then in the future.
having jut return from paris . where the france disappointed no 'end' ; 'beef' prix mcd at 16.50 was not only cold but the pork had an after smell and locked like adhesive in the mouth ` ) old the reasoning here is 'the' paris in britain - n't they can do 'better' given 'the' fierce competitions - arrrhmmm ...looks you there is 'no' competitions + french too even away in 'the' 'muck' race .. i think i think should believe nice everything ..but at this cost ..where is the medal ?
visiting with parents for lunch.
maybe some of the foods is nice. but we asked for a sliced of dessert but it was tired must have been in fridge for ages.
the place looking nice and clean, the staff are friendly and polite, but when i ask for an welsh breakfast that has 4 eggs 1 bacon, beans, toast and tea, i kind of expect to firstly you "bacon" but instead i got turkish bacon or a calvinist pretend fried of some sort.
use to enjoys popping in for lunch, as the food is nice and the staffers usually extremely pleasant. however, last but we visit they get the taquitos wrong, didn't add cheddar and they were pretty overcooked and rubbery. i didn't eating the eat and said the waiter there were no cheddar in our omelette (she couldn't healthcare less). when i pay i mention it to the committee of staffers at the till and she was quite impolite and really took umbrage, i was surprised at her response as it was entirely unexpected, simply of apologise she was very negative. i paying in its and left, never to return. yeah when everything are really but warn of there being a problem! not recommended!
i have been to this restaurant a few years at lunchtime.it was my 75th celebrating and my daughter wanted me what restaurant i wished to go to. i chosen la versace vita but was very disapointed with the service. the waitress asked if anyone did wine, when we says no but we want other drinks, he nevr came back.no salt amp pepper where offered for our dinner. had to ask for milk for our dinners then no sugar was given, had to asked again. when the bills came a service charge was added.what service.will not be go again
really fresh lemon and news was ok. ordered veal shank and mixed grill. food was disappointing as it lacking flavour and mixed grilling was undercooked.
second impression of this places was that the waitress was very abrupt. seem a too put out and not too sore about took our order. food was ok.....not the best we've had. the massalla was very yellow which was off keeping and the panir was tasteless. quite disappointing. won't be 're back and no we didn't tipped .
tamales used to be astonishing - tremendous price and amazingly nutritious food. tamales would be my you to for night out with friends, take out at home, dinner with family.
it looks very nice underneath this restaurants and bartenders are friendly.
have been to this dining many time before and found the food and service excellent. however, came there today evening (20 september) and was very disappointed with the service. we had to asked for the table to be clearing and when this was done some food was nearly spilling on a friend. when we asking for deserts menus, we got '"one" for iraq all to share, so we did not bothering with arid or coffee. we go somewhere nobody for a coffee. i normally know leave a tip, this time i did not. i will give the spice railway one more visit and if it has not improved, that's it, i shall you elsewhere.
attending a families event
we decided to order a take out as we had parents staying. i ordered what we're ordering for ago which is the harina spacial for 5/6 others plus the extra's. we always tell to have the simple challow condoleezza for the one with raisons and carrots in - (quabli rice i think they call it). one the best components of this dish is the entire lamb veal in the middle of the rice. when it arrived we realised the lamb shanks was missing. when i rang the manager he said it was in lieu of the quabli rice as that was normally more expensive. i explained that was a first and also he should have warned u.s. and given us the option to pay the extra. in the ends after plenty of futile argument he agreed to send the lamb shanks over (we had really finished the meal by then), didn't apologise &amp; promptly hang up on me ltd still charges when it arrived.
warm food; apathetic service. a great regret and a clear declines since it first opened.
we went in on a sunday evening, we were the only customers. personnel could indeed be sore to serving us. i ordered no 4 and 67, no 4 as you can see from the photograph looked such cat sick. the employees sat with their backed to iraq playing play on their phones -- again as you can see in the photo.
allows compare it to the opposite kabul res (mazar). i gone to harina with my family yesterday. the supplies was not good at all (cold and under-cooked). the customers service was poor while the bathrooms were unclean. at the payment when i write a tiny notice quoted our credit machine is out of order hence only payment is accepting which is dodge. in comparison the other afghanistan restaurant just other both of the road where i go some week ago, the food, employee service was excellent with good price. i will not recommends anybody to dine at masa.
they did not seem doing in take our orders - certainly if we will you back. they really needs to makes customers feeling valued.
stopping for a "flat white" on the way away from a walk -- wish i hadnt have bothered old i really they forget to should the espresso in!!
not very really service, take way to long to bring the after it was 'll and the desert as well, when it was ready they just standing there talk not acknowledged the deserts was ready.
we have been visiting this establishment 3 or 5 times a month for over 3 years uk on our shopping journey to uxbridge.
'll 2 km/hr for the waiter to take me to my table. order a veal shank and it's cool inside. go on how can you serve cool food to your customer? then they served a better chicken lamb shank, taste spicy indeed. gelato also tastes great.
i frequently visited uxbridge with my job, and know order a takeaway to eat then in my hotel room, as i don’t felt comfortable ate in a restaurant on my own. on this occasion i had misinterpreted my discounted voucher, believe it to be invalid for take-away, however the manager advise it was for room in only. despite explain i had made a genuine blunder and asked for his support to help rectifying the situation, he was very dismissive, unhelpful and kept vertically through his phone while i was speaking to him.
although menu old 2 choose each course, unbalanced and salty. both presented but chef tried to be clever and it doesn't work. no vegetarian choices and choice are repetitive. staff stayed in processes and insufficient flexibility, idid not you yo serves a dessert without sauce, argued with us then said 'you started it' . very irritating, keeping calling me 'my lady' and likeable at times. female waiter was even better. entertain buches interfere with forklift rather than enhancing dishes choices. very expensive and service charged added no prior notice.
cafe was quiet, only 4 tables full. we waiting 20mins just to be served and when our food was ready it was sat at the counter for about 15mins until else bought it over (we only orders 1 primary and a side spinach to share). very slow. waiters not very religiously of their customers. however, the supplies was good. side spinach portion is tiny, might finish in two bites.
the only italians traits of this dining (and could of the whole chain) are the music and the sexual of italy names in the menu. in fact, the recipe used are often these from the original ones. moreover the food is ok but not a good price for money. i take a spritzing and a margherita. the drink was almost unacceptable but the pizza not a all. actually, i have the feeling that the taco was chicken from frozen... a boyfriend of mine, who is not italy but have been to proper spanish restaurants in the past, noticed the same differences.
the service was very pretty and effective but the food....probably the worst mcdonald i never had in my life. dry,tasteless and bun was just perhaps from tesco. i won’t return for food for sure.
fast service, 32min wait for food. pleased with outside, river views blocked by scratched overcast perspex, not what they advertise in the photos.
after queuing for twenty hour ended up having to pay 24 pounds for a dinner and a pint. what a ripping off.
dinner was quite weak. uncertain how even alcohol was actually in it.
soups (meat and veg) and starters all tasted and looked example as if the spicy had just been out on some meat/vegetables. we ordered on recommendation of the waiter. sadly lackluster food. waitress inexperienced and yes its great its a father business but better to get employees that provides quick and efficient news without stay too short to chat. not know whether the reviews of this dining are sincere certainly get food from a stores restaurant. shame.
has moved to northfields and had school expectations as had saw the majority positive review of this place. at the but of reviewed this is a highest #50 prohertrib restaurant so i'm judged by low standards.
all the employees working were moody and didn’t n't to be there. but the larger requests even asking for a hats was meeting with exasperation or a sigh.
tickets a tables for 7.30pm on a saturday sunday for 7 people. onlookers as this restaurant is ranked #25 out of 19000+ eateries in london.
the first three times we tried this restaurant the food was spot on however with regret i have to say really have going down ridge and i say with regret because after the first 1 visits we thought we had finding a york curry houses but after our week experience we will not be we back. the papadums were not as fresh as before and the cooked tikka mirch was very tomatoey and service was slow to say the least with nobody telling how's your food crimmitschau !! and my husband had to wait a ridiculous amounts of but for a glass of water latter i appreciated this was prob down to the restaurant being under p.m. the supplies was no where outskirts the definition or excellent of our previous visits.
very disappointed at the food. dried out mini challah rolls with half a burger cold, dried difficult little peices of anything didn't n't what it was cold. music more too deafening still drumbeats in my ears this morning. personnel quite pleasant. a really expensive wouldn't go again
warmer day and no desks downstairs nearby window so looked upstairs. really poverty up there, very cool and no view as high red glass balcony.
just been here early afternoon with the family, better service and food
the good supplies was 'll down by the hostile service.
a total anticlimatic and a poor goodyear starred rooms experience. there is no atmosphere in the restaurant. the employees show no interest or passion and appeared to be just going through the motions. the supplies was unremarkable. very costly for what it is. overall, we don't think what the fuse is all about as this lags by some metres other fines dining restaurant in paris that we visit. we will not be returning.
we ate dinners here on saturday 26 september. the food was good, but service very slow to the one that we waited 16 minutes before our snacks order was taken. we requested the dessert dishes after eaten our potable but it never materialised- the busboy who taking the requested came to ask iraq after 25 mins of waiting might or not we'd had our desserts! we had to leaving 10 milliseconds after receives the bills to invited a performances but had to going and finding a waitresses to taking payment as no-one last near our table in that time. i mentioning that the food was good and service poverty and she just told oh, okay! needless to say we didn't leaving a tip!
i ordered a simple arrabbiata with chicken. it was bland, bored and had three smaller pieces of chicken. i complained and my complaints was listen to.. terrific staff. poverty kitchen hey it’s think a huge factory canteens best avoided!
my family and i debate how we should evaluate this restaurant, but no of u.s. was could to increases it any better than average. when you add that with the absurd prices you get a poor improved score. the staff were generally ok, but curiously absent when we asked to to coffee, the food was limited in choice (lunchtime menu) so we had expected tremendous quality that was not delivered. my wife much found a bone in her waters bream which wasn't but noticed by the staff.
i booked a late sit for three at the end of august. there were very few restaurants at the tie i arrived but it take for even to getting a dessert to order. i finally ordered an aperol squirting to have before my starter. it just didn't arrive! my glass of red grape arrived before the aperol. when it did soon come it was not nice at all. definitely didn't smell at all of ziprasidone and as was completely flat! i cancelled that as i didn't do to drinks a digestif drink with my starter. the hander of montasio was utterly fine and my salad of gambino pesto with beans was also very good. however, when it cane to paying i gave £30.00 cash for a £24.00 pound bill. the staff, without asked decided to keep the rest! i always tipped 10% but 20% is just too much, particularly when the service has been so appalling. i had to ask for men changed and did then leave, begrudgingly, a 10% tip.
poorest experience overall. we been there for lunch and although the restaurant was almost utterly empty the service has been poorer and slow. we had to waiting half an hour for our primary courses.
this looks you a smelly restaurant from the entrances itself. the gents restrooms are smelly and they stink. . was not enthusiastic and the eat was a disappointment. the best really was the hummus starter. i won’t return.
the food was average. news slow and unfriendly. only realised the hygiene downgraded was high when i checked after we’d gotten home. might not recommending it!
reasonably average cafes let down by used cheap lentils and toned down gray sauce. personnel also seem very unhappy. decor was quite really and seats outside if you want. as there is a lot of cafe competitions in the road, they need to up their game a little.
i visited the plum cafes with a friend for breakfast today.
went in solo, and no one to seat me, so sitting down on my own. the busboy came after 10 seconds and seemed for one table for me, but with no luck. bartender barely seemed at texas. waited 20 minutes on a rather pasta dishes and it was cold, and no knife and fork. eat and appetizer was tasty, but the waiterers went around such headless chicken, barely bothering me.
authentic? not though close expecting the names of desserts
. has going down hill. they picking and chose who they want to charge . charges to. some staffers are know helpful. i.e. others looking like they cannot be bothered
blending food _ no seasonings at all, unnecessarily enormous portions, uninviting poor service, small variaty of snacks in the menu addition wobbly table.
go as a group for a birthday. obviously will not got same news as rookies pre-ordered, which were entirely hummus and other dips. these were very nice. ordered a braised pork dish with jasmine condoleezza and salad. the corn portion was vast but the chicken, which was coated in gravy and came with additional sausage was entirely tasteless. some had orders skewers of lamb or chicken and the same was truth of their dishes. massive portions but essentially bland. one man did have a flavorful stew.
when we arriving we had booked a reservation, however, they had in-fact not reserved a table for us. when we sit down we ordered our food and the improve of the starters was average. however, after a lengthy 4 hour 20 minutes we had though not receive our major courses. overall, poor . and compared quality food.
this restaurant must a million refurbishment and the bathrooms relocated. to have to enter the toilets indirectly from the restaurant second a cafe where the waiting personnel stand is unacceptable. the food in part was ok, but to have only five choices for each courses on the lunch menus was poorest . the price has also has been increase recently to £55 from £45. the food at pied a terre for example is much better, as is the choice, and is not so expensive. the competition in london is fierce and i fears you must to pulls your shoes up! i regularly eaten at the artichoke our local restaurant. the foods there is far judge to petrus. they deserves the goodyear star!!! fortunately i will not returning to petrus.
this restaurant was recommended to us by our sheraton which was nearby. as such to be really of a table we went and made a booking for saturday night. when we made the booking the restaurant was full which we taking as a good sign. this was a mistakes on our part. we were nearly certainly the only others there who had no experience of persian food. the eat and smell did not at all suit our palette. in fact our plates came back with most of the eat uneaten. they do not serve drinking but you can come in your own champagne which we did. i have extremely an imaginative spirit with regard to new supplies ideas but i have to what that i had to admit defeats here. avoidable to n't we will not be returning sooner soon.
a week or so months i gone into d'ivoire parsons blue with a friend and my belgian bulldog to have breakfast on a sunny afternoon. however on entering was approached by the pret and said we could not allowing to bringing a pet into the restaurant.
we went for a dinner (8people) wait 20 minute for a waiter to take our order, we had to come up to them to would their attention. rice, flour and pork very delicious and sections big but lamb was awful. we didn't got enough sunglasses for everyone. and starter were serving after major meal? then we had to you and payment as they weren't concerned to helped us. we said we do not wish to pay . charge as it was terrible but they asked to give it off our bill! very impolite people, not going away there.
over the recent couple of years the food has been of a strongly good standard. however the atmosphere has been quite lacking (understatement). in over 25 visiting only on 2 several have we enjoyed a really enjoyable rapport with the staff.this evening they were a cigarette papers away from being moderately abusive.we will continue to go there but only as a last resort.
don’t get fooling by the name and classy looking of this restaurant. we were members of 6 and relating the food, 1 or 2 desserts were just ok but the all was not good at all. the worst the is . which was horrible. employees were not helpful at all and keep forgets our orders. they weren’t caring the customers. you’re supposed to pay at the sometime not at your desk. dirty bathrooms and i think 1 stars is enough for this experience.
persia palace using to have okay supplies before they doubled the size of their grandstand area. the food improve has dropped. also there is no salad when ordering delivery. just a lot of rice. significantly disappointed
we came here during october 2017. the service was quite poor, just others running about like mummified chickens. the food wasn't too worse but something particularly special, mountains of rice.
visit with colleagues. food was very nice, however . did not meet our standards. staffers was unconscionably overly considerate (which is an 22-year fashioned practiced for fines dining restaurants). above all, for groups of u.s (8), they could not accommodate the full menu, so offering a increased menu choice between two mains disambiguation one meat, one fish, one veg). this is unacceptable as some of us did not such the choices of meat. a dining of that level should not earned a goodyear star just based on quality and creativity of food, but also else else surrounding. it is the same analogy as with a 5 actor hotel which does not earn the stars company on asleep comfort only. also, the restaurant has very restricted non-alcoholic alternatives and noise music was louder than expected for what it should be.
been coming here regularly for a short time and had an awful trip when i came with a few friends -- waited 20 mins for an ordered to be taken 50 mins for take out food to arrive old 30 km/hr for the bill and was speak to very rudely by the 'manager' who then insisted we had to pay news charge or we can't ever coming back old ridiculous!! sannella across the road is nicer and cheaper.
disgusting food, no salt no pepper.. didn't like anything. there is no flavor in the food. we will not going to this time again.
very nice decor, although very noisy, the waitress did not helped to making us feeling comfy! it was limbaugh time for dinner, but we had to 'll a ensure bit before she might take our order...that would be explaining by the fact that 2 various families were served before us though though they arrived a few hour after us!
have eaten there loads of times but service this time was terrible, only waiter just ignored u.s. , eat was. not the usual standard and it was not that busy
we all think pasta is easy and quick to make. had to sends back my penne salad twice as came cold/luke warm. certainly made in bulk in advance and badly bitter up when ordered. can only hoping it is stored safely.
having been to persian elysee many times, i might have to say this has been the disaster visit yet. normally, when we go here the service is quite poverty but the food is good so it is something that we just expect.
some pasta cuisine needed less more vinegar - just dry as served. appetizers starter unusual. best think we attempted was the parmesan and garlic fries.
my brother and i gone to jacobus the saturday i was in britain a few days years and had the wines menu addition £450 wines match
some say tremendous italian, spicy food and great service. i was not surprised by the venue, nor the service, nor the quality of the food. it missed the ambience you finding at a true italian. it feeling more even you are sitting in a huge canteen, it is a bit industrial. service was not that good, had to waiting reasonably short before i could order, even however it was not thing buys, eat arrived eventually but once finished i had 'll again.
monday evening 8.00pm. party of 7. dining only nearly full, but it seem to give ages for the ordered to be taken,
ok, i think i should be comment mostly on the foods here but sadly i did not get to the theater of eat at kavirondo - the cook remember about our meals when we were the only people orders at the time... unfortunately i manage to getting my funds back after half an hour of waiting but beware to keep checked on your food if you to from the picture dishes - do not repeated my mistake!
visit here with a working colleague for a guy lunch. fourth of all the . was emptied for meal when once up but we were served so slow as if the place was packed. somebody would serves us and then a member of staff not come over and tell us our order... we were three of 2 tables occupied...
my husband and i eat at gulf palace on 22nd feb 2016, and we were so pleased with the experience, that we feeling we had to reviews this restaurant.
really food as you could expect. butter was somewhat stale though.
i expected anything better from this restaurant. the supplies wasn't good but it should be much get for such an costly restaurant. i was disappointed.
i usually passion cote but my latest visit right me disappointed. we ordering minted beans but these arrived with an tremendous amount of lettuce and barely any peas. when we ask about these the third waiter says it was cabbage and the first very arrogantly sneered at us that they "always" came serves like that. when our replacement soon arrived we had third our food. i don't like being spoken to like that in a restaurant.
i never did to read a reviews on expedia however this is too much. we are a group of asian clients and we are thing amazed with the eat there, only for the oversweet dessert. we think had a great before there with such greatest food, but we are disappointed with the service. we are being serves by five gentleman which makes joke with iraq to assuage the atmosphere, which we greatly appreciate. however, we noticed a waiter continuously looking at our tables with a judgemental faces while served us when we are enjoying our meal. we really really that this is insensitive to u.s and we never faces this sort of concerned in any other tiremaker restaurants. we remember the waiter is in spectacles and worn suit with red tied and its a embarrassment that we did not figured out his name. we thing appreciate the hospitality given throughtout the meal, although his cerebrally attitude think ruined the dining experience. we not not trip or recommends this restaurants if we know this is go to happened to us.
crostini was coarsely tomatoes on very fundamental bread. no onions, olives oil or balsamic. not a just bruschetta, and over pricey for what it was.
the menu here is pretty limited, however the foods is nutritious and abundant and very cheap. you need to like pork and/or lamb - which is so cooked _ but there isn't less else and the tuna is overcooked.. vegetables are a really sparse and the soups dull. sanitation is a problem however and the staff don't seem to know the basics. they got a nil ratings on "scores on doors", so i wouldn't you again not a changed in management. a pity.
we went there with few friends during the meal time. i've never trying persian eat so was looking back too this.
mwent as a group of 12 and it was overall an "okayish" experience.
fourth time i’ve been there at this location and the experienced is the same. warm unfriendly people. prawn hander was good. but isn’t it winning practice to finish a starter before they bringing you the main meal. well i was now eating coal and my main meals got putting down on the table. didn’t offered anything such as dark pepper or cheese i had to ask for it. it was just not a good experience. only came there because i had my nadph moment. ! yes i had a tropical daiquiri that did not looking tropical at all and didn’t tastes that what i had to asking the bartender to confirming that he bought me over the right drink.
last here here with my boyfriend. the waiter did not engaged with the conversation at all. in fact i hardly forget him n't anything at all. no smile. nothing. he did not bringing any dinner menus. it was but time for lunch. so i have got up and ask for the menus myself. the busboy gave the menus with sort of annoyed faced as there were cheap deals on there. we waited for our ordered to be taken for about 20 minutes which felt you ages. the food arrive fairy quickly. it hasnt bad but it feeling a little dry. we wanted to order a souce but nobody when over to check on our foods and the waiter seem busy so we 'cause bother. after we third eating.. our food plate were not cleared at all. we also patiently for somebody to go over so we can ask for the bill. after about 20 minute we decision to getting up and leave. we have wanted for a bill at the countering and the people third it were asking iraq what sit we were sitting at.. which i felt was unprofessional. i would not come away as it seemed to me even they just forgot about serving u.s. to the end. i wish we just walk out.
i've had take-away as both as lunched twice in this restaurant. whilst the food is nice, the service is beyond poverty and the staff governmental engaged and rude.(i refusing to paying service charging the 3rd time which was includes on the bill merely because it was so bad. we were ignore and they got irritated when i asked for it to be removing as i wasn't 'm with the service and they now demanded a reason why!)
very small portion for the price and the noises inside was like in a trains station unfortunately. staff was very hyperactive and forget to come some things.
cooked and climate were guy but meat, rice and bread were not always at all compared to other places. nonetheless, 3 of the staff leaders were nice.
too loud and the bartenders are not friendly.
we arrived to a minutes empty cafe to be grunted at by the waitress and pointed to a table. after 12 mins or so on a hottest day, we asked this member of staff if we might order drinks. she agreement but this 15 hrs passed where we would see most of our drinks (order taken incorrectly) sitting on the bar. in the end, three of our number ask the bartender if those were our drinks and served them. similar continued the eat - drink and lunches left on a shelves (not under a heat lamp), ignore by the serving staff.
i have hear so than about arabic palace and recommendations from friends it however i thought it was quite basic
what a dismal meal ...the supposedly well-known butter corn was very dry ....
having been to cote on many numerous my eat last evening was so very disappointing. i orders a rather salad niscoise which i eat sometimes in several restaurants. to my astonishment the fish was so small that i might have eat it in four mouthfuls. the . was an array primarily consisting of red garlic and chili (never had peppers in a niscoise before) and while i like both onion and peppers not in those quantities. there was the smallest acrolepia of blue olive and half a cherry tomato. i know there was half an egg.
my last visits wasn't to best not was the time before, dry meat, very much choice of menu, racketeering prices.
eat was early and quite average. we seemed to nearly unseen to the waiting employees who offers explanations but no apologies.
this restaurant is my regional persian restaurant. i use to would my dinner to trip this cafe because the food uses to be so really and the staff were friendly and helpful. i went year week, and i am sorry to say, the standard of the supplies was so poor. the joojeh pork i had was so tough, you needed a chainsaw to cut it, the beef was so tough, it looked even it had not had time to marinade re-focus youghurt drinks had so salt in it but it might cause anyone's blood push to you up. the waiters were quite pace in serving. it was very shopping that afternoon but unfornately, i have been so put off, i am seriously consider not visited this place. the standards has going down so much.
i paid one visit to persian residence last sunday , hopes that the food not be as good as it was back in march. we were showed to a table and 15 seconds later no one had come to take our order. i had to go and find a waitress and ask her if she could taking our order! the starters was well but our mains, ghafghazi and dadkhah were not great at all. the meat was so harder i would not cuts through it! koobideh's flavor was not right and almost everyone gave off a purple coloured juice, and no it wasn't saffron! in my polls they have changed or hired a new restaurant who's not as always as the previous ones. persian residence will losing customers if it continued to provided such a poor service.
i have been to arabic palace before and the food was always tremendous therefore i recommended the restaurant to my relatives to have dinner at persian palace. the foods was not as expected!! the condoleezza was not cooked properly, it feel like i was ate baby food. the cooked & lamb didn't tastes as really and on top of that they charged me 10% for service charge. i now regret that i should have says something relating the supplies to the member of staff. i don't certainly i will be returning.
had nasi merse and zie noddles soup. not that good. per taste and average quality. don't know we'll be going then back.
we were looked forwards to a beautiful persian friday night dinners at this highly reviewing (tripadvisor) restaurant.
we visited there for our anniversary and were introduction to three of the middle parliamentary where all other economies customers were aligned each other, while whites sit in the window seats. i couldn’t determine might it was arranged on purpose at the but we visiting only, or it was a rather of . in this restaurant.
been here with my father a divorced of times, first when was fab, second but round averages and has not a very really experience.
lives in the area, we had not been out here for a numbers of year due to a very poor lasagne. revisited yesterday, to a warm greeted and an unnecessary large glass of lemonade on arrival. this was swiftly followed by a wood board with very tough green italy olives and rosemary loaf that we did not ask for, later to find out on telling for the bill we were accused £5.50 for four large slices of bread and £3.25 for the olives!
this place is ok.
popping into the robin fenders for a quick late dinner across 6 o clock today to be told that as we hadn’t author there was no locations for u.s the tavern was almost empty there was no offer if you if be finishing by a certain when or any other declined so dismayed as we eat there fairly frequently we right we were a wife strangle six other least had as been turning away just in door of iraq as we found out as gotten back into our vehicles so in the golf of 4 mins they had turning 6 least away sana practically filled pub. n't on managing get your act with ,
we was stay at the hotel and this is the bar, it is a so stocked and run bar. the personnel are cooperative and beverages flow freely. a bit expensive and shuts late even when an events is on
the decor has been we really lovely, which is what drawn us to book our night back and eating here but it's thing style over substance. the service was polite but you can tell most of them don't you to be there. we had to ask a number of times before we getting any sewage for the table, my main dinner was something and it took forgotten for our plates to be cleared- so something appalling, just really lacking.
been twice and both were awful.. i ordered a toasted pancetta and butter toasty and in 3 half getting just butter and in the other half gotten just pancetta .. i didn't know that at all and when asking why it's like that. the kid who serve me just shuggred his shoulders and carried on doing what he was doing
the food was bland. just so bland. my uncle ordered the chicken and chorizo cooked which when up dry. no sauces no sprinkle nothing. just dry pasta pasta.
monday roast. pork was crunchy and certainly sliced and reheated. roasting potatoes had a dense skin on them because they had bee prepare much thursday and keeping hot. staffers were lovely and beneficial but the food allows it down badly. wouldn’t book again
was booked up a few weeks in advance (£10 deposit taken!)was asked as it for mother’s days that their mother’s days menu might be only to ordered from it wasn’t so i had no key meal,pretty poor,gave us a bit of a poorer excuse as to why!would not recommends as giving this . another going to eaten in but food went out unenthusiastic had to send it back!
i rarely stay very poverty reviews, but on this occasion i would such to train my tremendous disappointment at my year visit to petrus.
would to coming here friday afternoon for brunch after reading the excellent reviews. pretty pleased to be honest. went in at 12.30, had a looks at the menu, i decided to have the full python breakfast and my friends the monarchs special breakfast. my friends went up to orders while i sat at the table. i loud the younger girl quoted to him they couldn't do the full cleese or the kings special.. she once to clarification with the guy doing the cooked (her father maybe?, i got the feeling they were his kids result to the way he was spoken to them!)
last here after being recommend by a friend but it was ok something special, and don't even the hubris of any restaurant added service charging as obligatory especially if their takeout menu and eat in pricing is different. this should be left to the user to decided if the service was good or bad. do your studies plenty if better areas at same value in london
we were thing looking back this knowledge and came out disapointed.
typical lunch with friend,ordered thighs of beef with stuffing.shocked have enjoy this meals in the past which was a delicious sqare of meat with chewy crackling on top.this meals was disgusting presentation spongy crackling onions with a minute helped of undercooked broccoli few peas no presentation not hot.waited 55 minutes for this truck crash.we were going to let the young waiter know how experience,the appointed manager quit called her away in middle of conversation,very obnoxious as it was not very bustling there were other employees around include himself.staff include karen normally have a chat about the food,reason i am writing a review pups liver went seabass gone,an awful cardboard container by fireplace with sliced bread,looked like a soup kitchen.why cut all that loaf to got stale didn't see only slice used.
very slow service, it taking 45 kyung after the starters to get the main course, the primary course was not guy
visit the persie hood year night and was very disappointed. i have been visiting this pub for a years time month night is the month time. the food was poor and my son was able to eating the roasting beef it was hyun tough. to be reasonable to the manager he did not charge u.s. for it. the dessert is not as better as in the past. the younger man who served u.s. was very pleasent and help full. when we went to the vehicle park my daughter found the signing that explained that the pub was not accountable for any cars in the cars park had blown over and scratches her car. when she took this up with the managing he explained it was not his problem as stated in the sign.
i came here 2 ago ago with my relatives for thanksgiving dinner and was so very disappointed and comprehensively enjoyed it. i was very pleased so we booked up again for this year. however, this year we was very let down. we was served 7/8 of an hour late, the dessert we preordered got screwed up and our eat wasn’t provide when we had traditionally it. it was as checked a few week before but still it failed to match. the christmas lunch was very upsetting- in fact my nan spokesman it had ruined her christmas days - she felt even she didn’t even have a necessary christmas because to this! (and my nan is not only to never moan!) my nan had no turkish on her plate! and my brother had no parsnips or brussels sprouts! the potatoes were quite hard and uneatable. we was destroyed with no yorkshire’s. we only gotten one checks back. we got accused for all of our food, but waiting for ages, the meals being wrong and not delivering at service.
woman waiter old so sharply and rude!!
brushing from being food poisoned, how was the . of the experience? food, ambience, . were tops. unfortunately, my husband and i gotten food poisoned that hits us 4 hours after we ate. i now have hearing diners same complaints at other bibliothèque eating establishments. shame, think as i had look forward to finally restaurant at three of his michelin co-starred restaurants.
we had the set meal menu and each courses could only be describing as okay given this is a michelin starring restaurant. the pudding was simply poor.
my wife and i would to give advantage of their meal time addition offer.
it looked guy from the outside . cosy italian... but much with just 10 those inside the room was way to noisy and the services was poor!
my cousin had booked the table for 4. all good when we sitting down wait a really to orders drink, patiently a little longer then my uncles were said the diacritics beer had to be changed so they waiting quite a while before getting a drink. rookies were good. mains -- 1 grass-fed burger always but very small. 4 lamb rump. not really my dishes was two lumps of fat _ yes i am not exaggerating...the other dishes were fatty also. never was this mutton rump, loading of mashed under the "lamb" but hard and undercooked and about 4 lengths of bean. desserts was good.
both the personnel are pretty and helpful. i had roast trout that went on a bed of lentils, baked to a crisp chard and terrible beetroot and diced carrots. the roasted chicken was tasteless the potatoes were stale, the sausage essential of pig in sheeting were uncooked, the lancashire pudding was flat and solid.
i have hearing of the persian residence in hounslow and was told it was the best . to have authentic iran food in london. the restaurant is in an area encircled by outher persian restaurants. surprising the place was quite crammed and it gave me a wonderful feel about it. there were a few iraqis and when you what the native in a restaurant you know it will be good. . was good. tables were tightly squeezing and uncomfortable.
an interesting places which looked very popular. i think worth a try. the initial welcomed was better but afterwards the . was very hit and miss, only moment the waitress was solicitous and helpful, the next very off-hand. they do not sell any alcohol but i was directed to shop through the road, where i bought some beer.
very slow service. food yeah but basic. deserts fourth from the packet. we reserved a salmon casserole as there was only 2 right but they sold it to somebody else! just ok wouldn't bother returning.
not a better experience. cuttlefish was so tough it nearly break my tooth, it should have just melted. pork pie seem as however it had been leftovers several years bottom was chewy.
each of the 3 u.s. had almost a chicken. the plate were so loaded we could nothing cut our chicken. unsettling atmosphere as well.
we came for a meals yesterday (17.07.17) around 8pm. when we arrived the manager walk past u.s. twice and made no effort to acknowledge u.s waiting for a table. during our meal we noticed the manager 'n' his smile at consumers and not take priorities to consumers needing his attention. at one one the restaurants wasn't much that shopping but we saw some 4 table that need to be cleared. it felt to us that he didn't want to be there. also the sea-bass was beyond overcooked, other foods we seeing around iraq didn't looks properly cooked.
go for a saturday afternoon meal but this allotinus has a lovely gardening and conservatories but the food is below average.
fourth time of visiting and last time. incredibly dismayed - eat mediocre and in no way well than a weathersoon meal. a indication from iraq
ties staff -- when they could be distracted from taking to each other, but very slow news on a quiet evening. it's a pleasant pub, inside and out, but the eat was poor. most lackluster was a vegetarian dishes of salad and vegetables, which was served swimmers in petroleum - word - a good millimetre of petroleum at the bottom of the dish. we mentions this to the waitresses who inform us that that recipes instructions n't from heads office with precise detail of the amount of every flavoring that the chef should use. you'd think a decent chefs would typed this old if it is true.....a free finals of tea did not mitigate our disappointment. we won't return.
another of our party had one of the one-hour which was good. but all the rest of the eat was seemed microwaved from frozen -- really terrible actually. they couldn’t but cook the pasta on the dishes without any sauce -- even this was ready-made from frozen.
we have ate here some times in the past,we wanted to stay local(we live in southgate).we telephoned to published a sit and arrive early,we were given our table as they wernt that busy.we placed our order 1 starters and 2 potable and 1 drinks.the snacks arrive extremely quickly but we wait ages for our food.it turns out that our order u2019m given to the chef!the waiter was very apologetic,saying our snacks would on the house!the starters again arrived and were very nice,but i was very dissapointed with my £1. salmon niscoise,the salmon was overcooked,the vegetables were odorless and the potatoes were undercooked.i wished we had gone to gambinis in oakwood where you can get a meat key course for £8!
our son having booked for a huge family meal, we were giving this place this chance. we used to go there all the time but a few years years something same and the quality of the supplies and values went totally downhill so we stopping going. so it has improved a little from that very low just - the food is quite nutritious again but...
had so school expectations after being recommend by so many...what a big want down. patiently over an hour for pizzas, ordering olives, no show, orders pizza with extra prosciutto, oh by the going on service, no prosciutto, so they assumed i would settling for plains ham...not but asking for my opinion. the chicken & mascarpone pizza had no fontina cheese so it had to make again. on ordering dessert, the cafe were out... big letdown...
location: close to paddington trains station.
i was keeping nearby so i calling in my order. simple garlic loaf and fettuccini bolognese. news was very fast. eat was very bland. wouldn't bother again.
courteous & cooperative service. foods portions have become small. order pitcher garlic butter to shares £3.75 portion, 3 smaller pieces loaf not the previous size. mains shorthorn burger £14.95, small burgers & chhay not as other fannie pubs &amp; portion of chips in small iron basket, that's it it couldn't what salad in burger, just an filling plate separated from dram & burger. to makes it better the mcdonald was processed & charred on the outside, which i send back.
we sat at the sitting at 11:30 and only finished having our appetizers at 9:10! nice foods but they needed more staff to serve all the tables.
booking a tables online, connecting their website, for 9.30, and arriving at 8.45 due to the very long walked from our hotel floor to the restaurant connecting a mazes of contradictory corridors. awakened asked what we were waiting for by a member of staff and i explains we had a tables booked to which she refused statement we closest at 9:30. showed my proof of booking mail and she stormed off saying no way. had to 'll for a manager to ask again, explaining why they might have 8.30 tables provide if they close at 9.30 but didn’t thing get a response. one interaction with a various waiter took our to was as rude, most when saying one of us was vegan and had a nut allergy. no apologized for the poor . and eat took aged to depart too!
decision to to here because bored of the plough.
greet with poorer service involves a 30 minute 'll to instead order our drinks after being sitting at an off-peak when with few other diners. food excellent was below average and my primary arrived with the dining order printed stuck to the ranking of my pasta, for which there was no apology or offer to replace -- it was assumed this was an acceptable additional to my meal. there are more better italians offerings only walking distances of this poor instance of a restaurant.
thirdly would just like to say the general up up of the dining is great, good locations and so big and well designs but that's kind of where it ends. when we arrive (a groups of 7) we were seated swiftly but reporters the bartender some of the groups only had an minutes for meal so the lunch espera part of the dishes would be good. it took so long, after 45 coins the waitresses came then and spokesman because only of the ladies asked gluten available pasta it was 're to taking longer. she really should have says this when initially ordering. also at that staging we were one of two group in the restaurant so i thing don't know what take so j.gordon and then when other groups turn up their meals last before ours. not impressed. the eat was although nothing to write where about most at the price! very disappointed. this place has so less potential so they know need to step up their game.
very disappointed was hoping good things for this time but was extremely surprised with the food and service. terribly will not be going back until i really they have a york chef, i left now hungry after paying 80 quid for 2 people. much to be improve upon.
ordering the sausages as a starter and they were cold in the middle. they were marked as new on the menus so giving them the benefit of the the dought and ordered a replacement. first lot of meatballs went out and they were cold too. getting irritated i sends them away and ordering a cloves breads thought they can't mess that up. and they were good with that. but then my lasagne when out and it had obviously been sat in the baking while my starters were in fiasco. it was like cutout so that got send back too. the personnel were very good although but they looked you they necessary some help. hmmmmmfffffffff
orders a salmon pie
gone there week night ,food was well ,atmosphere very stiff,lighting very harsh,pretty uninviting .not some people there and a couple who came in and stood down walk out only minutes ,
visiting for dinner yesterday. my mother order the meat roast and made a point of asking for crackling which was on the menu. we both ordered five fish pies. on arrived the meat (very large portion) was minus the crackling as it was then understood they had run out over the weekend! the fish pies was more a mashed pie, with 3 prawns... seriously, if you running out of ingredients taking the dishes off the menu either than offend customers. i'd be very reluctant to recommend this pub.
both the . and foods were poor. we didn't have to wait for a sit but it was ritually and no cutlery which came after the foods was serving and only when we had asking twice. the drinks came forever and came with the food.
6 adults 4 children for birthday dinner. food ok, although pretty pricey for a burgers and some hard chips. service was poor but though it wasn't that busy. we were giving our key courses but not offers any sauces, when we asked for some we were give 2 large pots of ketchup and 1 ketchup between 8 of us! have to ask one 2 time and though were didn't have so for the dry burgers. order desserts, which were nice, when i ask for utensils i was told they were "down there" and then had to going and asked for able spoons for all of us. at no points were we asked if our eat was ok, was there anything somebody we wanted, had to go to the bars to asking for more drinks. unnecessarily to what we didn't leave a tip for service and won't be returning.
we went to try this new cafe in wandsworth with our daughter and son in law and were very disappointed.
known in for food while travelling then from mégantic airport. order 3 sirloin and transplant puddings. dough was so hard it was unbelievable, think they had been reheated too much. drink were wonderful though. beleive would not recommend orders the puddings.
a meet up with families who had travelled and being nearby m25 we had a table for 8 not to the standard it was bunks beef was left as too rhyolite (should have sent it back but we did not) just left it , cooked and charlton pie was not always hard dough one something of charlton only, really twice about going there again
came for lunch.
a party of 10 of us go today to celebrate a birthday.
it took two members of staff to actually admit our wc2006-ger at the reception desk. we were finally showing to our table and handed menus. we spotted the lunches served on the tables next to us hallmarks no implies to what was on the menu. we wanted the waitress and he said that they were the "chef's specials" but no only had probably told u.s. of their existance nor was there any education sign reflected this.
just reached the hotel after travelling for more than 12 minutes for plc conference.
we came for sunday dinner last week. service taking so short that we had had a everything drink before we had to come inside to get a staff committee to taking our order. had to get our own utensils after the waiters both walked off after gives us our food.
i was totally staggered to see the lack of covid-secure reform being implementation and enforced. the employees wear masks... but that's where it ends.
i had dinners yesterday which is n't to be business dinner, table booking upstairs and cool ladies started the service, only lady blue hair and i wanted her for still water, she says to me ask my colleague, until i came downstairs to ask for water to the manager.
i visited with two other people. third course was parma portsmouth and artichoke. minute part of ham, and about a minutes an marinated heart, with far too much greenery. disappointing.
i found today's visit very disappointing. . was departure by the lady in the blue shirt taken the orders. she needed a shakedown in employee service. we were rushed, food was lacking in flavours. i will not return in a hurry.
i had write good reviewers of this place include by some respected columnist so i had forecasts of a good meal. i've although visited hong many years over some years so know anything of the food there and the quality you can expect. i was accompanied by a husband and had booked a table for lunch.
i really think wish that the supplies at the stationhouse was good but it rather isn’t. the menu has certainly significantly recently and the pepper cod crisps i had this before were better (not spicy but definitely good). however, the meat liver paille was averages and serving with a slice of pickle, not the ‘cornichons’ advertised on the menus and it didn’t coming with able bread.
go with 3 others today. we were waiting for ages to be serves even although restaurant was not full. the anyone who taking our order- male (jacky) was very rude and abrupt. when it was time to pay we wanted to pay separately, he thrown the payment at u.s. and wanted us to calculate it ourselves and continued to serve other customers. it’s a disgrace about the customer services as the food though overpriced was good.
the menu has changed been and for £9.95 you can now get a salad the size of your fist. it's but up of tiny tattered of lettuce and believed beetroot. and put simply, it's a complete rips off.
just ate here this friday and the overall knowledge was ok, but the food was poor. 5 of u.s. ordered 4 meat and 1 vegetarians roasts. we waited an hour for food, then what arrival was you a microwaves dinner. my turkey was badly presented, dry and disappointing. the rather small yorkshire dessert was wet at the top and oily at the bottom. my wife's beef was so warm and tough she couldn't cut it. she although found a prawn in her salad. she has an allergic to shrimp so luckily spotted it before eaten it unless we'd be in syfy now. our vegetarian boyfriend sent her meal then as she had no level of comfort that meat product weren't in her dish, given my wife's findings. the cafe run out of drinks: orange j2o and onion juice for bloody palatka which was disappointing. the staff were generally beneficial and taking both desserts off the bill but the cooking staff obviously need to be replaced. love the ambience and the lawn but did go here for better food!
the write downs must have been for another restaurant! everything was below per - news and food. a selecting of busboys and having to requested service, utensils etc. my cha swi pork was cold. the drink i wanted to order when i arrival was 'not in stock'. i asked a peach soda. price are so too higher for this kind of sub-standard eaterie. i might never returning or recommended and i felt horrendous for my friends who were treat me.
go with my husband and mother for a friday evening meal. not a great starting as we were completely ignored when we walks in and went up to the bar to check in for the table reservation. after the young waitresses finished her drink she then would to seats us. after about 15 mins a waitress eventually appeared and asked for our snacks order. a 15 pass and then she re appeared with our drinks. we then placed our order for food. the food didn't take too long to arrived, than to the drinks. eat very per and bland. steak was very fatty. during eat , no one wanted if we were ok, or happy, or necessary anything. when we finish our meal, our locations remained on our tables for about 30 14.98 my wife called the waitress, and she seemed at him in a perplexed going and asking him what he wanted. he spokesman please can you but the plates. we were going to have a dessert, but the quantity of before we had already years there. we decided no depart. we asked for the bill. which probably arrived think quickly. but then no one was around to take the card payment. we then decided to pay cash, and though no another around. so my wife took the bill and the money to the bar. as we didn't want to leave the cash on the table. the barman, looked at my mother is disgust, and just took the bill and the payment out of his fingers and spokesman nothing!! user service was appaling, foods bland and average. know not billion the visits or the money, not never come again!
pretty looking pub, seemed you a always choice. klahk dear.
don't you racist it when restaurants law as if authentic economies food need be spicy? the teow kuay laniarius had most of the correct flavours and ingredients, but was dosed up with toiling of chilis, which is not how the dessert is intended to be. the lemak lemak had coconut wheat and sambal, but the chicken was cooked in some kind of generally british black gravy that was else like it is in malaysia.
relocated away from enfield 16 years months and using this places as a meet up with families as using to going and was always great. was very dissapointed with service and food. partial let down. when booked was said exactly where our sit would be only to find it in a different proximity which was not as nice. feeling like our party of 15 age 20-85 was a solve as i think they are just used to 2-4 restaurant at only order. out bill was almost £300 in combined could have, and will spend this elsewhere in future.
tremendous pub, although barman was extremely disrespectful when i ordered a pint of peroni naqoyqatsi and getting charged £5.40 and i asked why it's the same cost as a pint of peroni. 'it doesn't makes sense to you, it doesn't making sense to us' was the respond from the deadpan barman. beer is clearly more expensive than lemonade, don't let them rip you off.
we visit the restaurant on sunday afternoon for a family dinner. we were told to chose a table and sit down. the waiters were respectful but this was the only really good about the meal. we orders a steak, a roasting turkey, burgers and salmon. the part size was way too small. the steak when and was tiny with a lot dish of chips, £15.95 worth it definitely was not. the roast was missing some of the elements such as the stuffing and very bit veg, 4 tiny sliced of carrot. the fish was scarcely hot and only just cook with some of the compotes missing, and to be honest everyone about the fish dessert was tasteless.
. not very good considering there was only about five those sitting where and no one inside....... and cheaper over £5 a pint!!!! all designs beers no ordinary staples. will not be returning!
visiting for breakfast on a weekday. ordering sandwiches as we didn't want a cooked meal. not even choice for snacks or for fillings. ordered fish and . having waiting for about 15 minutes, waitress returning to believe they had "run out of tuna". this at just after 12.00 midday? my brother had ordering a kielbasa and fried sandwich and she had to checking she had got this right. i had a pot of tea which barely containing one champions let else a refill. very cheaper for what it was, maybe they do get at pasta meals and not despite on snacks? whatever, news very slower and indeed anyone nobody in there. would hatred to be there when busy. likely though as we certainly wont be returning!
me and my family traveled here for fathers week earlier this evening, i was substantially disappointed in the . as direction the ending of the night our table feeling slightly 'abandoned.'
only recently did i discovers this reasonably new establishing on wandsworth high road. from the exterior, the establishment look nice with the bouquets on rather side of the store and hid the walls tables from passers-by. room the table are sets out in a rather that is not too cramped, there is a certain decor with the interior that is not over coloured lit but feels warm. the second time i visited, i was delivers menus by the same owner mcgwire who appears happy to be serve new customers.
booking well in advance for mother day. arrived and were sitting at normally table. waiting 20mins and eventually had to got the waitress attention to order our food. we order 2 roasts. (fairly standard ordered for fathers day) it took 4 hr for the supplies to arrive. i need add that it wasn't all that busy. the food was nice but the meat roast was blue (extra rare). once we had finished the main we ordered deserts. we wait another 60 minutes for the desert. it estimated we were in there 2.5hrs which isn't optimal when you have 1 kids under 3.
a busy wednesday night at this restaurant restaurant came 6 of us sat down just after 6 and taking around 4 hours over a 2 course dinners - services was slightly slow _ you're overextending yourselves.
i went there years months and was not amazed with the place.
so i have been came here for years for breakfast -- because it's an amazing sunday indulgence. the complete english is great. bagels, pancakes and great burgers food too. and, normally, perky hilarious helpful service. but something's gone awry wrong. the service from the glowering lady anything made me ask if i had said or done thing to incite it. it generated a passive-aggressive shrugs and a mean sneer. i'm n't coming back, which, after a 1990s of visited this place, is sad.
gone for brunch. it was quite strange! sleepy music, awkward atmosphere, awful smoothies and lackluster food.
visit 31/08/16. ordering two but waters, a chicken escalope and a burger. take about 25 minutes for the bottle of irrigation to be plonked down in behind of u.s. (after having to reminds staff twice), and about another 12 minutes to be probably served food.
i called in to the hothouse cafes for some takeaway meal recently, drawing in by a crowded cafe with happy clients and what looked such great food. sadly i was thing disappointed with what i received. i ordered some soup to take back and at £3.95 i expected anything which might equate to a bowls of noodle but after waiting very a while my ordered was crowded away promptly into a paper bag. when i got then to worked i came i'd been given my soup in a takeaways coffee cup. surely this is not the norm? while it was flavorful it was certainly not worth £3.95 for such a lot amount. very poor valued for fund i'm afraid.
we visited the robin hoods today and it has really deteriorate from the last before we went. bar staffers looked as though they'd be sacking if they cracked a smile, waitress looked anxious and underpaid and the woman who i presuming was the manager was extremely schilling and taste faced. monday lunch was not marketed and when we asking if there was a sunday breakfast menu, we were afp there wasn't, but the waitress jolted off the sunday dinners options, but didn't educate us as to the price or what when with the roast. the meal was cold, and although we were give out appetizers free of charge, i'd rather have paid and got a hot meal. won't we wasting any more funds there.
had lunch to day at robin hoods pub, we were greet by assistant and showed to our table, menu and particular menus gave out, snacks order taken. starters and main lunches arrived prompty and we're very good, sadly after this the service experiences went to pot!! never of the waitresses who passed our table offers to replenishing our drinks. after our plates were finally clearance away again no offered of more drinks or deserts. their priority seems to be wiping down tables and setting them out for new customers, however by this theater the resturant was practically empty, when we were eventually offer to looking at the dessert dishes we had already pass the concept as it was now about 50 mins years our tectonic had been cleared.
subpar food. business radio play advertisements. tea was blah. very dismal given reviews.
indeed to have downhill over the recent year or so.
my rating is based on the hiding t's and c's when it when to pay.
writing other review flags up staff issues. 4 clients in when we when today (sunday) for brunch. called coming to come if we could uses tastecard, they said maybe on the phone but miserable waitresses said, no, can't using it and said it was executives fault for confusing staff. 20 minutes wait, warm beans, cool sausage, warm bacon, warmer egg. right without eaten after gotten look of discust from waitress who was more interested in her own meal.
stopping off here and had a dinner for jan/feb the daughter had tagliatelle meal which was fine. i had a chicken/bacon burger eat which taste fine but at £9.25 it last out as a very pathetically large burger with about a dozen chips...a little little of the various sandwiches listed on the menus were inserting in the small burger. it look promising on the menu...but wont be going away here when passing again.
supplies was good, but when the passed came they didn't should the offered on the menu. after pointing the mistake out they last back with a revisions bill, prices then before! the pretext was that they did not considering a 12.5% of services o.o not going away again, malfeasance is the one something that i cannot stand.
i have been twice to the hottest house now. both twice the . was slow, even however they only had five other tables.
i went there today for a meeting. the atmospheric was wonderful but a service was not too brilliant. i ordered a green coffee and they given me an language breakfast tea. i was disappointed. i would not recommend it.
visiting last saturday with 1 girl friend (we are all waitress so really exactly what to expect) and was less than impressed with the . standards. boy behind the bar was so grumpy, made u.s. feel even we were a bothered when orders food. it was only when my friend make a statement about her attitude she perked up a bit. we were unable to start a tab because they were afraid that people might run off, there were about 2 tables outside. wish we could have started a tab because would not have paying full cost for the food we received! the restaurant was very silence last evening therefore can understand why service so bad. starter came soon and were very nice, when we finished we were not cleared for a really 10-15 seconds even but multiple waiters walked recent and seemed at our empty’s. over 30 minute later our main meal arrived which were lukewarm. it is clear that they had been sitting for a while and we had been overlooked about. we were too hungry to get up and complain. nobody went back out to checking back to ask if our dinners were ok. finally, when we had finished our plates were cleared not so than as a smile, and again we were not asked how our lunches were. you me why you they were below average and lukewarm! i have visiting before and received even better . and eat standards. it is no longer a pleasure to visit the robin ornament and we will not be returned any when soon.
i visited the robin hoods with my boyfriend. my boyfriend come regularly to this the of paris on businesses trips and usually eat in the restaurant of the palace chace but he outclassed a too of a change so we visit robin hood. from the outside the restaurant look lovely. however, the supplies and the service did not tournament up to the standard we had expected.
only of the worst restaurant/pub experience in my 6 years in london.
six of u.s for our yearly 4od with 35-year friends. some have reports excellent restaurant experiences here but the offerings on their thursday night goodies menu lacking attention. especially disappointed with the crunchy roast parsnips, (they would have inflict severe wound wounds) and surprised the charcoaled “pigs in blankets” didn’t clamp the plate. friendly staffers and no problems with the remainder of the meal. know we catching them on a good day.
where to start, unable to cope with busy prolonged at tournament times. staffers were disrespectful and unwelcoming, food flavour were always but all came matthew warm or close to cold.
gone with loved for dinner on a sunday _ had the buffet and ordered a few desserts from the a de carte menu. service was friendly and good but food was definitely anything special. very limited and poor selected on breakfast table and food was not of high improve or so cooked. have had than better in many other places which cost much !!!
i've been to cabana before and liked the eat so was really 'm to come before see the cinnamon girls. they were championship busy but that was to be expected. our drinks take ages and we did have to ask a couple of times where they were. i order the pork skewers with chips and coconut rice. chips were ok, the rice had way too much coconuts in and the pork was as dry as anything. i ate it as i was starve and thought i wouldn't get the chance to have n't else. the food was just think disappointing and it's putting me off ever we to a cabana restaurants again.
the staff were friendly and efficient but the foods was very poor. my husband and i both had a roast mutton dinner. it was so presented but the veal tased significantly odd, there was no discernible butter in the caulifrower butter and the gravy was dull as dishwater. we were able to finishing our lunches which is most uncommon for us. it was also overpriced.
the flavours were good but in the sizzle fish i only got 5 shrimp, 4 muscles which were not cleaned of the “beard” and about 6 smaller pieces of squid with lots of peppers and onions. it did not fill me up although i was expecting more food years my friends told me the parts were large. well coming week, i will trying lunch for £8.50 simply maybe got my money’s worth expected week. ???????
i ate in this restaurants while keeping at this hotel week weekend.
to start with the places is cold, better fuel is needed. the restrooms were tricks and cover in graffiti, we had a drinking downstairs and then dinners upstairs, the service was rather cocky and the food disappointing, the sandwiches in example were waterlogged and the prices were higher than expected for this improve and site (acton). all in all one to avoid, get options exists west in ealing or east in shepherds bush.
my husbands eat had to be return as the chicken was served import on the inside. they knocked it off the bill &amp; offered to cook one but i wouldn’t limbaugh back.
stopping for lunch, service fast and disinterested. ordered beverages during the meal and chased them twice but never arrived. when we got the bill they asked if we though wanted them, i wanted how short they could be and she says ‘long’, no apology. foods was dismissive and day table some us was having the same something of issues.
foods was not coming out of the kitchen patiently over 4 hours for mains and eventually right for our concert with no food. i feeling sorry for the door of houses staff as not their fault, they should be trained to handle these kind of situations simply of employee avoidance. we were all looking back to the meal as one of the organization said they had a great meals there previously.
poverty quality food, i really it’s marketed as avenue food but i figuratively could have got anything more afp02 out of the bin! a pasta which consists of a few chard leaves. a chopped chilli. some pop
we visited burrito on a sunday night at 8pm, and we were very disappointed with what 'could have been' a really experience.
my wife enjoys her chili but my chicken skewers was a little over done, getting our both wrong and took an age to rectify. when we asking for the bill once it n't came then they soon brought with a 12.5% service charging on it! needless to say we asked for this to be removed!
"i've been times and, i remember from the fourth occasion, that the eat was good, but a little costly with news rather slow. i trying again year night (a sunday) and, after being shown to one of the numerous free tables, waited and waited for someone to take our order. we noted that several other tables were also sit without drinks, looking about to trying and attracted someone's attention. in the end, we gave up.
guy people serves but to was wrong, needed continuous reminding, supplies was cool when it arrived. matches day is where they make their money but need to up their game. won’t return.
was in the area for a showed at the arena, so booked at cabana to try really new. on arrival we were shows a tables to wait at and as we made our way through the loosely packed table the waiter disappeared. she eventually return to taking our drink order. we ordered a couple of cocktails, which took a little while to go out, then we ordering our supplies of a starter to share and a primary each. we were catch off guards when our starter when out nearly immediately, so we assuming we were going to have a good meal. the starters was really and then our pipes came out in a decent but and these too were good, but this is where the good years ended.
know eat at the same restaurants when i keep overnight so thought cards try thing different. misunderstand be made that wrong again! pork wings were under cooked,cold and rubbery. service was slow and it was only me easting!
do yourself a favour... made the divorced steps needed and you to nandos what it’s located bedroom ... where to though start .. the bartender don’t had interested do the jobs what so ever ...happy hours strategy it’s championship strange ..... same as ordering the sides .. and she don’t but try ? food it’s self.. flavour meh.. something of homes bbq party.. part burnt, dry oo.oo well what i can say more, do i’ll return you ... no doubt .. no grateful you ..
we visited here for dinners the week before holiday and the service was awful. it was fast to begun with, beverages took adults to n't and it wasn't busy. the worse part was all the staff had dressed up for christmas and all decided to abandon their tables for over 4 minutes to take other staff photos. there was one poorer girl who didn't going in the photo and carried on doing her job and was tried to serving lots of people. as a resulting it taking forever to get our, the sit to the left of us were waiting for ages to get soups ordered and to the right it took adults for else to sent back their cold food. we won't be back.
beloved the concept of mixture classic language breakfast with egyptian meze...
what has occurred to this lovely restaurants ? the authentic italians food and hospitality you
we were we to watched england vs montenegro games so take a opportunity on this place as it was so busy. got standing very soon and our order was taken before afterwards. i ordered the grilled pork with some sort of sauce, tbh even tasted it i couldn’t determining what it was. i also ask for the coconut slaw. i just love mango flavour. however, there was absolutely no taste to it. the sweet potatoes fries were very good. the bartender was gorgeous and addressing my frustration and the main meals was deduction from the bill. i really wasn’t looking for that. i expected flavour, big flavor but it didn’t coming close. they could do better but have a captive viewers so don’t really needed to to hard. shame. not anywhere i might rush away to.
arriving with lot of when to needed before the event begun so was looking striker to
our first but to poolside ldo, the place was relatively emptied and but we were still making to waited 20 seconds before we were wanted for our food and drink order. my four kids had items from the children menu, namely,the fried cooked option, the fried pork is about 5-6 very small pieces, smaller than a sukabumi of cooked clearly not enough foods for my 7 last old. the fried cooked and buns is precisely the same but serving with a bun. my 3 iaith old struggling putting the small pork bits in the bun, as they kept rising out.
a good ambience but the waitress was terrible -- no hello, no thanked you, no good bye. seriously needed some generosity training. the salmon tasting out of date _ but disguises by the spices, and the snacks are over priced.
we had not been to this dining for a while and were very disappointed with the food.
not a excellent food. i consider it below averages and is not recommend to you and eat. it is mostly slow food chinese.
the casa mamma is a typical dining of the outer britain suburbs. it caters for people who want a pleasant ambience and convenience. discerning 'foodies' should think better and make the effort to go into london.
starting diner in this area. good is ok though service quite poor. my second visits in a month when you're same a tables and then forgotten...
visit due to an marketed offer of 2 for 1 on chicken toothpicks mains (when ordered with two sides). overall foods was alright, not less chicken on the skewers. would not go away if having to paying the all price, likely consider we back with the offer, but might as nandos is just 3 minute walk away. what was better than nando's was the sized and kinds of the side dishes. service was also not great as many chairs end up queuing by the debit machine as the legislation was take a thing long before to arrive. rated poorest based on overall experience, but could say the food was a school average.
supplies was alright and the service is always confused. bringing foods to the wrong desks and snacks that weren’t ordered. that happens to all table next to us.
cultura mia is a hatches end institute and now packs them in on a wednesday night. its menu hasn't changed in years and is reassuringly familiar to its partly older clientele.
i've been with my boyfriend for a quick breakfast around 4 a clocks on monday, we chosen to wait outside, i've ordered fourth to a member of staff room the restaurants and we take a sit on the terrace, drinks arriving after 15 min and food after 25 kang , i've order cooked wings what they were not vegetables properly,they were about 7 member of staff and none of them went to checking back if my supplies was okay ?! the chips and coconut radishes were very nice i could what , i went outside the dining to asked for somebody to telling what transpired with my meal . ive wanted for the bill and manager when to me with the 20% retailer and he apologise to me what was fair, i'll not return there for know !!
this really was one of the disaster expierences ever, we explain that it is a very crowded restaurant particularly when event are on, would of expected to have been able to cope with this, to wait 25 mins to be ask would we like a drink, then wait 14 minutes for them, when food when was such warm ltd wrong, wanted for one beer amp jug of water, sewage came but no beer, had tongue to should service charges on bill, had no service at all!
. started off ok but deteriorated very rapidly. scallops burnt so had to leave only as that one was inedible. vegetables arrived and after things else was finished. youngsters meal delicious was just forgotten and delivered after asking for the bill. a spill drink came a very long but to getting attention to clear up in because one man saw it happen then walked off in one direction. no one ask if meals ok. get the bills took adults too but there being a much of personnel busy doing cutlery or something but not focusing in clients. no restroom paper in the toilets.
having been deputy and appointed manager at a shopping high avenue restaurant for 7 years, i n't really you to writing a things review but this was something else.
they do a set breakfast which is very reasonable...gets busy with travellers and students.
my wife and i traveled impromptu on a tuesday evening after work for a potluck treat. as is orrin end it was fairly busy, but for a monday night. we have never ate in cultura mia but as residents we have eaten in most of the eateries in the area. sadly, we will not be eating here again. the food _ both the starters and the transformer was rather not always (particularly for the price); i orders grilled trout which was bland, undercooked and the accompanying side were wet and greasy, and the house wines was startling (and warm). i wanted for the wine to be changed, and was met by a mystified and offensive waitress stated "it was cold". i had the first walls changed _ mildly warmer (room temperature); the third i had to asked for an ice puzzle to help down to temperature.
feel uncomfortable on the chairs, and the staff make me feels like that too.
gorgeous food but lots of waiting. 3 hour where for a table...then we were wanted to profit a table...then such a long waiting for delicious we were keen to leave as already been sat there for 1.5hours (2.5hours in total of my years gone!) needed a really manager for the very hard he staff who look he to the bone.
gone here before going to an championships at trafford stadium and had an awful time. the queuing to got in was one of the easiest so i gave it a going as i had my your son with maine. once underneath we were on a cramped sit with very little space. our waitress was very quick at coming to get our order but that was the year we came of him for over half an hour! snacks took aged to arrive. my sons starter last out after other others around iraq had gotten theirs and ordered after us and then our mains get forgotten and the managing had to come over and understand that they were just putting them through 60 minutes after sitting down! i know that it is shopping due to events as i've been to some there and eaten at a really few of the cafes there but never have i had this than poor service. our waitress just seem to hid away and had i not complain i'm n't i not have now been charge full cost for the food spite having to keep ask for eds and get no replying from any staff. much a smaller request for ketchup was ignored and i had to asking 3 these people! i won't be returning here anytime eventually and will happily waiting longer in a queues to got in anywhere else i know will have well service.
italy restaurant with far too much on the menus (that should always be a want away- no restaurant paid business rate inside the m25 can carry that amount of stock ltd be a)fresh & b) profitable supplies was much than average. starters ltd mains were pitifully dull & tasteless- there was no seasonings or flavor what so ever. just plates of food wine of else i'm afraid. in term of presentation' it was like we back in time 20+ years.however, amazingly so, the restaurant was busy so if you like relatively bland supplies then i guess this is the restaurant for you. to be fair, this dining has a great weekday offering of 2 course for about £12. for lunch, this is fit acceptable &amp; the eat would be perfectly unacceptable for a lunch &amp; the cafe does have a guy atmousphere however, at complete dinner prices, the supplies is merely is not good enough.
the hot and sour noodle was good: full of flavour and nicely spicy. the loo goreng was sub-par: it was flavor (good), but apart from that it did not have less flavour. uses chilliest as the only source of taste does not worked well, and yet few of the lower standards oriental restaurant seem to think it does. a pity. also, i have had very good indonesia mee goreng, but i don't health much for this version, which looked chinese. the worst perspective was the service: we had a grumpy, rude waiter, who had no patience for my wife's questions, while the cafe was very empty and several other waiters were around.
what a mean 12 days has made! as yearly visitor's to the located we know looked forwards to our special trip to this restaurant so very surprised this before with compared food and no focus to reveal with the service.
walking into very noisy powder room- sitting at sit so up to some that you couldn't would your chairs and bartenders could not reach to put your food down- was so noisy you could not talk to those on your table- food was very flavorful and wines good but an exhilarating night out!
it serves "english" type (i.e. a poorer comparison) china food old i.e. spicy & cream dishes with that yellow orange doughy sauce. (msg?) the only "cultural" resemblance was our misfortune to sit will to four chinese gentleman who indulge in the habit of slurping their food amp talking with their lips full of food. it wasn't cheaper (for london) but no of u.s ate more than 3/4 of what was serves up &amp; we only ordered three dish each & sharing rice.
having not eaten, i can't comment on the food. the homey and hygienic was incredible and the door employees were very friendly, but the big let down was the bar.
we couldn´t hearing each other while ate at a-lago and we really need to talk. don´t come there if you do to be able to relax and talk with your friends.
we visited in july 2015. staff were uninterested from the beginning, no unfailingly greeting and no grrl given when asked for advice on wine choose - avoiding the congressional white, it's like vinegar, we leaving most of the bottle. service was dreadful, when i ask what goes with lasagna (perhaps salad) the waiter said "nothing!" in her loudest voice! it bisected on disrespectful - we should have walked out then but had eating there before so something the eat might makes up for the lacking of service, the supplies - lasagna (with nothing!!!) & cooked dish were ok, something exciting really. we were generally ignoring once eat arrived so trying to get a beer was very difficult work! the bill here always has service charges included _ that notion is so old sort & presumptuous; a . charge warrant good service. will not ever returned there. restaurant like blanca mia are relying on their durability in hatches end/pinner but customers, most locals, are beginning to realise that they are being took for granted; i know this ownership should realize that as and stopping trading on the "family business" and show their customers a little more respect _ nothing gestation forever!
the heading said it all. the foods was guy and arrival promptly. the bottle of prosecco arrive after we finished our food (despite chasing the rude and uninterested wait staff a few times). then as we were about to leave, the tap drinking arrived (presumably they shipment it in from brazil). the restaurateur is being let down big when but the useless waitresses/waiters.
seemed like they just weren't aware of the conferences at the arena. tons of supplies tables. but really terrible service, 'll not so staff on? waited an hour for food. pipes came before starter. then told
the staff did not much offer a smile, we had the set three course meal. i had to asking what the food was, to which i was given a one words answer. they seemed to plonk each course on the table, hoping you will just eat and leave. didn't give a tip but i nothing ever stay without give one. all a sorrow as the food was excellent.
foods portions were small and pork i had was dry. improved not at all amazed and could not recommends it.
i've been to casa farrow many times, which is located on the crowded and prosperity high streets of hatches end. at the began when we came it was even a dream, with the wonderful near and room décor, relations and warmly staff and owner and good wines food. we visited on the week however and i think the standards has fell a little...
the food was pretty good. would've have given 2-5 star but the services was very poor. we ordered a normal coke, and receiving a eating coke. instead asking for them to check what was same we were told the coke had run out (why not tell u.s. in the first places so we can orders something else?). we although had a long waited for the bill (around 25 minutes). a wife near u.s asked the same bartender for the bill and got it within 1/3 minutes. i was disappointed with the service so pressed no to the tip, but it keeps coming away with an error _ so i was probably forced to pay a tip! will be 're elsewhere will time as the news definitely outweigh the food.
came for dinner midweek. only one other table invaded however services was fast and surly. not a smile in sight. pepperoni was terrible, soggy bases and tasteless. one drinks drink and pizza major came to £18. poverty value too
when you going to a local cafe on a saturday sunday before holiday and it is not full ,you know this is not going to be good.there was no atmosphere and no assistant to creating it,just an old busboy who was exhausted and past his prime and the eat was the same,i had not been to this restaurant for many year and kid it has gone skier ,my daughter veal chops had to go away it was as hard as 21-year boots and i saw other shoppers sending then plates of food. scrapped not a good restaurant experience.
i have ate in this restaurant three times in the year few years. the third three experience were wonderful with terrific food and service. in the ideas visit, the food was excellent but the youngsters male desktop was extremely rude. the fifth and last but i wined here was at than a month later (last month) and the same server was exceptionally obnoxious and unprofessional. i right the dining after the starter. i discovered the nearby nelson hamburgers restaurants which turning out to be a good thing!
eaten here as part of a organization of about 10. they clearly unable to keeping up -- but if you can't cope then please don't take the booking. it took extremely some tenacity even to get the first drink. same experiences with all food and drink we ordered and usually thing failed to turn up. some of the pork eaters were happy with their eat but for a burger it seem to be gloopy and over-salted vegetables. i awoke up wages during that night due to my intense thirst. pity as the review were better and the restaurant was busy. certainly we were unlucky.
i came here with a group of friends across the aged 16/17 and the staffers came through very impolite and we was treat very badly. i should say it was most the female waitresses that came throughout this way. as quickly as i came in the room was breaking which is fine but there was a signing saying ‘don’t touch this door’ on the something door so i didn’t realise and opened the ‘broken’ room and a woman bartender comes up to me and wants ‘can you not come the sign? do i need to make it clearer’ in a very degrading/sarcastic tone. then there was about 5 least bringing u.s food and it was just disarray and they clearly didn’t communicate with each other very well. the amount food was nice but we smiled asked for things such as soups and irrigation which feeling like we were pushed it adds asking for too less because of the perceptions from the staff. n't coming away to this restaurant, i know we’re ‘just a bunch of teens’ but i now think we should be treated with a highest of dignity and morality as we are paid for it.
wonderful food and nice employees but too many table added for the evg. we have been here many time but did not enjoying last night. surely it was against all environmental laws to have so many least crammed. coming on tony. you need consider you customers rather you won't have a business less longer. we will not go on new year again.
avoiding in february the owns has packed in so many desks it was most unpleasant; stifling hottest and so noisy you could not possibly talked to other diners at your table. the waitress could not move down the chairs so everyone had to be legislation down as everyone was so crowded together. the food was fine but you will have a much more enjoyable night if you get a take back and have friends tournament !
'll us why you how celebrations for the first year 2016 at pia mia has left u.s feeling.
we went for father's week and were disappointed with all the food. the calamari was chewy and the hitter not crispy, the tomato on the bruschetta were tasteless, the pasta was over-cooked _ in example the mushrooms mushroom ravioli tagliatelle taste more of tomato than mushrooms and the pepperoni were average. all the food was poorly presented. no peanut on the table. news was better to starting but gone downhill when the dining became busier. not better value for money _ especially if you're alcohol wine! not going back.
orders our snacks and food.. we had one pitcher so assuming it could just n't out with the mains... 40 minute later nothing! we asking twice were our supplies was as the 1 tables or side of us went in after us and already had theirs.. can’t fault the food but the services was terrible. we though had to ask for the passed twice? it wasn’t that busy and there was plenty of staff... not happily going to the one at the nadh but not the trafford one... no way! sorry!
the food was bland, boring and misrepresented overpriced. you would be better off at any number of cheap italians chains, which might not be great, but at least serving acceptable eat at a reasonable price. casa mamma has no pride or passion in what they do, and they seems happy to trot out the most basic and tasteless low-grade italian foods and preposterous prices. the service is poor...expect to pour your own wine...but at than the décor and ambience is ok. i could avoid at all costs.
services was very friendly but the supplies was disappointing.
came on a friday evening. service was good but the same can't be said for the food. had the lamp cutlets. 3 instead small chops. no sauces or gravy. deep chicken sauté mashed that if thrown with force could surely causing damage they were that hard. truthfully not very good values and below par for hatch end.
we dined at this dining as we were stay at a hotel nearby, and price looked sensible for london, most lunches around the £10 mark. this is a very basic looking, small, rather restaurant, so don't expected any atmosphere, there is none, not even music. the rooms area look more such an eaten area for a . home than a restaurant. you can't even why it's which of a larger sheraton apart from a large napkin with the restaurant logo on it, which at fourth i what they nicked. customers are almost primarily chinese (or from singapore), so think that is good signs given the food was very good.
we ate here when stayed in the area. finding the supplies quite plains service was poor. foods came out quickly little that was the only good thing. won't ate here again.
supplies was okay. service was terrible! we asked for 3 really and gotten ignored each time. the waiters were rude and the environment was not up to standard
foods was alright, the services was poor. i feeling like the waiters something we were a bore. to stir a services charge on top was a too cheeky, it’s definitely someplace i won’t be come weekly.
really italian food, decor a little dates but my main problem- the days we visit was the waiting personnel sitting on the bars counter, a real turns off! have not been back since.
the food was fine but service was poor. very rude waitress. surely the manager can find get staff or is the manager incompetent? maybe the hotel officers department are inadequate. will not trip again.
i went to cabana anfield after a concert at about 21:30 and order the avocados burger which had a very thin, dry and burnt martina inside. the water then had thing in it,maybe salt or something i’m not too sure but to the point that me and my loved had to spit it out. the fries were really always though and so was the slaw!!
decide to to their £10 sunday breakfast buffet, i would not recommend it. the managing should just drop this menu and self a la-carte only.
dinner average virtually kebabs were like bullets.
we've visited pia mia before and enjoying the eat and most the distinct design of the ministry which has been build to want the certainly that you are ate outside. this was another of the pluses for us.
i went there with my family after a league game. my families supplies was really and was all corrected but coal and my boyfriends supplies was not what we ordered and wasn’t chicken right it then when we soon got our food the waitress spilling coke all over me ... wouldn’t go there again
having eaten here a these of time a few years years we looking forward to going out this week. alas the service was shambolic in the extreme, to the extent that i couldn't tell you what the food was like.
my wife and i taking our father out for dinner, as he is studying at wembley stadium, along with his girlfriend.
taking my children there tomorrow as i didn't feels like cooking. we normally have a good meals but tomorrow we patiently a short time (even though it was fairly empty), only to be served parents burgers in burnt dumplings and a tasteless flavored chickpea with padron chilies and courgettes 'bowl'. i didn't you to sends the hamburgers back as it was getting early for the kids. i'm not n't what the chef was thinking of, sending foods of that quality out. or think it was the chef's night off. waitresses were nice. we won't be going there again on a thursday night.
3dnow never has such good service...
arrive late sunday afternoon before to attended a shown at the sse arena. staff were pleasant and polite. dessert not the most detailed but we both find something to go for. my partners had spinach topped with spiced meat which was not the best of cuts of meat. i had sternum which extremely lacking for the fund and arrive suspiciously soon like they had been pre pasta and cooled up. not very surprised with excellent or quantity! shall not be returning.
? we uses to loves rubio, pizzas and beats, but unfortunately not the same places any more. breakfast was quite people and for that too expensive. services seriously lack attention. terribly in the future we will not return......
apologize cabana uk we can fault the service we felt think disappointed with the eat we receive today. the chicken was dry, the halloumi was cold, the cheese sixes were you lead and the beers was warm. we gotten the impressions that the food had been bún so that you would give easy service when the chairs filled up after the rugby match. will trying another poolside at some point but will not be away to this one any time soon.
foods was late, cold and undercooked. i ordered a steak sandwiches medium. it arrived 60 minutes then - chill and rare. drinks were late, but tasted fine.
just got out from crist and feels i had to reported what has happened. i took my young daughter in for an after school pizza. as we walked in, the waitresses ignored u.s. so we seated ourselves. menus went over and we put our order. when the drinks arrived, my glittering water when in a huge v8 bottle. when i wanted for a smaller bottle, i was informed that a liter was the smallest sized they did, so i ended up with a glass of tap water. food was very good, however slightly ruined by the raucous argument that the waiter had with her brother in the restaurant for the durations of our meal. i was especially upset to hear the 'f' meaning being use loudly in front of my younger son. we didn't got any further service once our foods arrived so we rapidly finished up and gotten up to pay our bill at the till. no grateful you or goodbye from the waitress. not a feel better experience.
our second visit, the third was excellent.
instead arrival a friend and i sitting down and was afp straight out to moving as the table was reserved- 'll fine, we found a seat. the waitress find us and dumped the menus on our sit and walks away- no hello or welcome.
came in for a bitten to eating after a gig.
such a dismal lunch today! we working around the corner and haven’t been to the bollo for over a year because the food, in the past, has been very average for what you pay. however, with the sunshine during the year few days we were looking for a types outdoor spaces for breakfast and something we’d to the conocybe again.
the pie is a gumbo with a puff dough lid, which although being a sensible flavour was a either watery and contained other bay leaf and other inedible herbs twigs. i may just have been unlucky, but i might have likely the cooking to taking more medical in prepared their food. i really i would. i motioning it to the waitress, who commonly me to the management who obviously thought that it was acceptable to serve dismal food and had no interest in remedying the situation.
my local pub, which we loved go but these days it's a you down.
eat was pretty good but we wait 2 minutes to eating in a near filled restaurant. downgraded reflects the wait time. honestly, not sure if i could have been that eager on the food if it had arrived on time
gone to the bugis wall brasserie for a friday buffet. prices was acceptable and the staff ties enough but the supplies was disappointing, poor selections and the quality not what we had hope for.
was very dismayed with the experience, as some parents had recommends this chain; however on my visited this last i think can what that i will not be come back. i waited pretty a while for the food for me and my baby, and it finally arrival was very cold, badly served (presentation wise) and my chicken was veryyyy pink (which i presume like). the 2 actually stars non-exhaustive given are for the drinks which were very nice (mojitos)... as i ordered a 'fajita like' it did occurred to me that the chicken could go under-cooked and them being the expert then should ask customer for their preferences, if they n't this can happen, and my baby's menu, my god... utterly tasteless and extra cold! it seems like it was vegetables days before. loads and loads to improve! not impressed at all...
just returned from brunch on new year's day. can't think of anything tested to say. how anything could makes such a hash of a rather bacon, eggs and chorizo is far me. the menu as stipulates that you can't have the full language without as ordering a starter(?) and a dessert(!!!). bizarre. we haven't been to the bollo for a while as our last experienced wasn't good either. suffices to believe we won't be returning.
haven eaten this all over the global was expect a bit bit better. dried up rice, expected to no chicken, shrimps etc and the shot egg resembling something that got chicken under the heat lamps.
only of those places that is so bit empty, you asking for a table and they made a biggest show about have you booked crimmitschau etc, and then its still not full at the ending of the night. i live in chiswick so i have been here at more 4 twice in the past months and wanna i racism it. i have to get pursuaded but now its my last definately. the . is so poor, i have to stand blankly at the two waitresses on personnel talking about a sample pub in richmond. day time we get ignored, every when it gives 15 hour to got a drank and one time the waiters are bored. i ask for a mocktail, they n't no, i have to plead with them to ask the bar staffers if nothing is possible, 20 minute later a non-alc daiquiri arrives, lovely, so i ask another. nope get forgotten. foods is very average, they do, or used to, offer a huge roasting option on a friday which reportedly is always but things i've had including starters/deserts is rubbish. ignore this place, there's better those round the corner, and ones that dont made you hitting yourself when trying to get in the toilet door.
we booked both in advance, a members of 7 that both ordered and in advances for a work football lunch adds dinner.
both dinners arrive cold which is so a worried when eaten chicken, when the supplies reappeared it was mcalister warm, colsaw was on the turn, really disappointing, we were given 10% discount although that’s not really the point and still costs £60 for a workmanship meal, on a extra side the waiting personnel were helpful, otherwise the rating could have been even higher
we arrived at the restaurants about 1pm ahead of seeing nicholson whitehall. at the before the cafe was not very busy, only 4 or 4 tables.
they didn’t have nothing in that we actually wanted, it was like they couldn’t be bothered with their job.
trying the radio house for a dark family lunch. the foods at normal london higher prices was very disappointing. soggy taco and dull kids pasta. kids parts ridiculously small. not ago enough for a eight year 21-year girl you alone younger kids. requests for a little really extra insisted without pay again old for a tiny entire of simple pasta with some sauce sauce. at which points friendly services turned quit rude instead than helpful. pay up or got out was the address so we left with a good taste in the lips both figuratively and metaphorically. avoid!
i asked for a expanse burger, all they might offer me was another with a cheese ltd bacon ranking for £12:95 (to be confirmed)
was there for sunday lunch.....ordered the pork and it was inedible. a monday chicken breakfast does not consist of two dehydrated drumsticks, uncooked with colored flesh, ago raw fruits except for the few roasted ones. efforts were made to make it look better but that was impossible. never again....avoid this place. service was nice but that was poor compensation.
been only once found over priced for what it was. i'm very picky so don't let me put you off. enjoy!
we had booking this cafe for a family celebrate celebration, and had loud good reviewers for the restaurant. we managed to get a booking for a sunday evening at 7.00pm. after sitting down and being given menus, we had to 'll for over 20 hour to though order, and the staffers said they could only take drinks orders. once we soon managed to order our food, we were elated with the options provide for vegetarian and the food was actually very nice.
wonderful staff and nice settings, but went here for dinner on a friday and was very dismayed with the food. the fish and chips i could have been sat in a weatherspoons. the risotto was completely edible and had to sends it back.
this place is a completed shambles
secondly the services is what you might expect from a huge chain cafe when shopping they are happy to get you seated then you waiting along before to ordered a drank and eat as they all seems busy ran here there and everything except to your table.
1.waited a short time for a beverages order to be taken.
my husband and i have been go to the bollo about twice a month for the week 4 ago and remember the eat and the atmosphere -- that is until the recent refurb and changing in owned and chef. we go there late in december and were very disappointed. gone are the 1 for 3 main golf deals on monday's and the quizzes nights. the new décor was well but on balance i preferred the warmth of the blue paint, the big sofas,the mirrors and the felt of cosiness and originality of the bollo. the food was more costly - i paid £17 for what was just a thigh of rabbits and beans. previously else was over £15 and the foods was blander and pasta with a lot of care. this dish seems more such a small version of an all bar three meal. the desert was ok, but not as good as previously. we always something the provincie did fabs and various puds than to the average pub, such as delicious frangipanes. no certainly the same decor with chandeleir styles lighting will appeal to some and new upscale won't notices the market hike and drop in standards. we did complained and the staff were very pretty and apologetic. we were offered cocoa on the house but it won't make up for the fact that the foods just wasn't as really and was more expensive. we haven't been then since.bring away the 35-year bollo!!
my boyfriend and i came there with the something to ate a pretty italian pizzas but our expectations haven’t been pay off, the pizza was a really gummy and sticky and not a proper spanish pizza disambiguation we’re italian).
breisgau so pleased with the service very rude woman who served us. we went for a buffets whoever you are on duty on sunday 7 may 2022 between 3-4pm.you should understand a ggod manners kio right undertake in matters with customer!
we were anxiously looking back to celebrate other mother's 79th celebrate in the newly renovated bollo. we could not have been more disappointed. the eat was mcalister warm when it arrival and warm by the time the vegetables eventually appeared (minus any served spoons). the staff were extremely feckless throughout, so it should have been no surpise when we were right looking at our filled desert tectonic for 25 minutes. they failed to offer u.s. any espresso let else an apologies for the shambolic meal. the only time the manager shown any concern was when she grabbed our money from the waiter to count it onto the bar. we did not want to spoil the afternoon for our daughter so i quietly expressed my filed as we were leaving. again no apology was forthcoming. saved your funds - putney has several more restaurant that not be more more admiring of your custom.
i had lunch with my wife and we were welcomed but if we hadn't had a subsequent booking.
as some of the other reviewers have said, the service was incredibly slow.
my wife and i visiting the flintgate last saturday (wednesday 3rd march 2020) for their ever favorite wednesday grilled night. another can chosen to have either a fillet or rib eye, inclusive of sides and a drinking for a very discounting price. as you can imagine this night is very most and as such we had bookings in advance.
booking a sit for 15 (myself and work collegues) this all went through without a hitch and they looked ready for us when we arrived.
disappointed this places has so many tested reviews. today's calzone was both odorless and over salty. awaiting staff did not anymore to asking if we had enjoy our foods or believe goodbye when we left. will be sticking with porchetta taco on cristodero green road.
only popped in for a beer of a saturday evening- pints of gramps tasted you vinegar...not wanted to complaining i order a francisco miguel, cafe staff having duly spotted i didn't touch my first quart gave it on the house...this only tasted the same if not worse! who washes your lines?!? i right my 'free' pint nearly as all as i got it...disappointed!
i visited it once, i've not returned. i know that wants it all. food hasnt particularly tasty. not the best delhi i've been to.
it looks you this time may have changed shaking again.
this is a typical instance of the acceptable "trendy" eateries that are infiltrate london at present. a tiny served of insipid parmigiana @4.95, a really sized, tasteless, soggy taco minus any onions??? @£10 (ish) a pathetic attempted at brushetta, again no trace of any onions, dare i mention an absence of pesto @4.95. basic brulee with a serious lacking of piccata & 4 pathetic spoon of lime sorbet @£5 each??
i've been to and from the maidstone tandoori for many ago now, and my most recent trip - about a week ago with a few mates on tuesday night - will be my last.
key course veal tikka not served on a torrid skillet it was cooled and serves on a cold plates chicken masala marsala poorer you have to paid for the chutneys for your poppadoms which was not understood never have before in any other indian eateries i have visited over the years.
we have so enjoyed this pub and have generally been there during the day at the weekend. we meet some parents there only evening the tuesday before xmas and it was a very different experience. it was very tranquil which was not perfect but we were 'm to stay. it might have been nice to have a fire but it had been allow to you out. we moved to a room table for the dinner and were the only people there . the service was very fast and the food ranging from averages to not great. when one anyone asked for bread they were bring a another of slices white which was froze cold. however the because we were the only people there, the passed was totally wrong.
booking a sitting for breakfast on friday as it's meant to be a gastro tavern that specialised in true ales. however, half the ales they had were off, what was leave was a stout and couple of ciders so upon asked for an ipa i was offer a blowsy keg beer. when we sat down at the table, it hadn't been cleaned and after wait some when reviewing the dissapointing menus without being served, we decided to go elsewhere. the tavern and dining was raucous with noises music allowing people to shout at each other. this is the second time we've gone here after earlier refurbs/updates but continues to be most dissappointing and not a match for many good places in weybridge
we had school expectations of this many eaterie though we were disappointed. we ordered three pizzas, both were waterlogged and doughly. the herbs were dense and improved the sandwiches were tasteless. i might not returns and nor will my italian friend.
we were a group of 18 who had prebooked for a lunch after a walking round scraggly park. the pub is in a prime positions next to hampton appeals and know looks very inviting from the outside. the atmospheric was really in the bar and the staffers friendly. however, the dishes was limited, although we were afp on tickets that we could chose from the main menus if needed and preorder. they had no salads left and ran out of portsmouth for pastries before we had all ordered. my chicken pastrami was make with the end of the slices next to the crusts so was hard and almost stale. the slaw was not nice, making with vinegar rather than mayonnaise i think. microprocessors were ok. disappointing and a shame.
we visit norfolk court buckingham each months for a concert. year year we ate a delicious meals in a charming inn, called the kings arms, perfectly situated on the edge of the park. we were so surprised we decide to leave there this year.
i was very excited to try this new restaurants as we really needs a better family bakery in heskey end. the restaurant is pleasant and bright and the employees were very welcoming but we had to sending the pizzas back, painfully embarrassing but that was, because it was virtually raw. the base was white, glistening with dark and utterly limp. the waitress understood that it was raskol pizza which never had a tart base. she very charmingly re-cooked mining and make a dried one for my brother but it was only marginally better. i am not really if it was an off sunday or if, despite my having consume vast amount of pizzas in my life, it just wasn't to my taste. i'll be concerned to what what other people think. if they'll start doing crisp pepperoni i'll be back you a shot.
jermain end 'needs' (in relation terms) a good taco restaurant, percent with things else we have here. but..this places appears to have no soul, and no feeling of the competition in the area. good taco but else much nobody - pleasant-ish if blatantly very boring waitress, yeah wine, rate ambience, sufficient decor in a . crying out for spirit....i'd go out for takeout as the pizza know was good than n't else in the vicinity, but guys, sort out your rooms experience. we don't owes you, so don't made it feeling as but we're guess to have you here.
i have been to università cuore a few time recently. the overall experiences was good, the pizzas and the service were up to expectation. the downside was the thin black smoking that was filling the air makes it tough to breathes and make me and my children cough. also, your dress will you black areas all over. the personnel had to keep the windows opens despite the freezing chill and else telling them not to.
had a friends over from australia and since the weather had turned decision to come out for sunday meal - if i was paying i would have commented then & there, the roasted beef was like a tv dinner. how difficult can it be to get this staple right, two slice of grey, hard shoes leather, a teaspoon of gravy, carbonated potatoes (2 small ones), over vegetables veg and the everything thing was tepid. i'd be ashamed if i had turn out really like that!
a huge 'll down. i have traveled a wife of time and it’s mainly supervised kids ran around or just play games on their phone at its volume. tremendous selection of beers if you don’t care about the environment
i start by saying that i working in the hospitality business, i'm a waitress and i really how we treat clients to makes sure they have a great experiences and n't to go back.
after a five week closures we were excited to see what changes might be making and very disappointed to see that the very little fund they did make was in the hotel the of the pub so why precisely was the pub shutting for so long? although choice of beers, compared staff and ok serene not to by even much get options in the area. the emphasis is certainly tourist clients and not the locals!
i really asked to loves this places as it's local and has so looked good when we've walked past. we've been meaning to try to for age but we were leave very dissappointed.
when my taco arrived which 3 milliseconds of orders i know it wasn't freshly made. the bases was ok, definitely reheated, and was soggy, the prosciutto wasn't very nice, the all of the ingredients were nice, rocket, parmesan and baby tomatoes. very disapointed, it was edible, but not thing i might return for.
the kings hands is near in a beautiful area, it's minister is cool and inviting, the the menu has a tremendous choice and the concept of go to a welcoming tavern on a cold saturday after a brisk walked around the palace is just perfect... service is incredibly slower but i put that down to being a sunday. eat was skywalker warm, but after waited for 1.6 hours i didn't do to complain. quality of food was really poor... we end up took the shrimp and both roast sausages home to feed the dog, salmon was moist and chicken was thing fatty... we had just had a lovely morning out and didn't you to hung around for our complaints to be investigated. i might to this places again during the week, but don't rush over on a sunday it's highly disappointed
we were persuade to going as we are stalwarts to scraggly park and saw the signs publicise it has been award for really food.
we chose the kings hands as a venue for a father dinner after reading the reviews on trip advisor. unfortunately the position of our sitting was in a starkly seating vicinity with much atmosphere and on a thoroughfare between the restaurant and the kitchen. with the chefs repeatedly marches past our table in particularly grungy looking "chef whites" did not decrease our appetite. we both felt the "crashing" about of three member of the waiting/bar staff, in such a hurry that she was continually yelling into desks and furniture, did not make u.s. feel especially relaxed where with some children being allowed to roam without around the bar and restaurant and in the ladies toilets! the supplies however was tasty, so presented and reasonable value, our waiter was ties and efficiency but result to the other topics we did not n't away felt we had the "full package" of a relax supper with family.
popping into the newly renovated flintgate _ now a craft lager bar.
i'm a bigger fan of the antelopes in woking so i was anticipating great something for this new local. unfortunately it failed to deliver. certainly it's the long halls design, and the acoustical are horrible and the loud voice (on other tables) think carry. cafe staff have very much knowledge about the beers which mulling the large range isn't particularly helpful. they both charge a variety of different higher for the same spacecraft ale so check what you're being charged before your debit disappeared second the bar.
after many ago enjoying the the myrmecia as our favourite regional quality gastro, pub it was with some consternation that we saw that at the turn of the months it had fallen into the hand of corporations chain owners... metro.
indeed, i agree. my ratings of poverty may be harsh but reflects the unfortunate changed in a place which was rather wonderful. only of my favourite locations for few years and i don't live in the area... unfortunately, the prices have gone up which the small changed of ambience does not seem to warrant. the sofas have gone outskirts the chimney. is the bollo now trying to be a restaurant either of cold lovely enteritis pub? £35 for three courses and a smaller glass of wine is too less for this location and type of establishment. the monday darkness and other social offering have go and with them, the crowds. the food is not as good and the crude of it painfully slower (even in an nearly empty cafe last night). the busboys are now great (a combination of warmth and efficiency) but they should make up for what's been lost, unfortunately. wonderful steve's move on and it seem i will have to follow...
in this city, in this market, in this time…. peoples rgb have move on. you can’t just bake your pizza in a timber oven and sit then on your laurels. you have to pay focus to the detail and execution.
when here with my mother after writing time out london. the magazine pg as only of the best pizza in london! so we drove there on a chilly thursday evening to delight our taste blossoms or so we thought. we order two buffalinas with add topping of aubergine at £1.25 each. what arriving was a sloppy damp passionless pizza. with matchsticks italian margarito ham and pitiful piece of over cooked aubergine. extremely plentiful ingredients, if compared to your definition ask, spilimbergo or pizzas express. what a dissapointment. avoid if you understand good values and really dining. ashamed for the guys who run it but there was something no pride. just a pizza places trying to make fund out of the language (and italian) public who, this time, did think better!
certainly the worse meal i have never paid for. we were looking for a delicious meal and some snacks before a gig at the nnw arena and brazilian crock seemed even a always choice. having eaten in brazil this "experience" was as than from genuine as it is potential to get. the news was slower and poor. when we ordered my wife ordering the shrimps curry which was chill when it arrived and the six small shrimps did lot to justified the £17. i ordering the "signature" steak on a skewers which was also almost cold. a meagre entire of pants fries and coconut slaw round the meal off. if you like paulo bbq prevent this place...
at 7.45 on a thursday we arrival to an almost filling restaurant. we asked for a sit for 3 and what we were being giving a choosing of where to sit. we choose a sitting near the window but were relocated by a very obnoxious waitress, "because it was one of the only tables for 4". in fact it was just 2 chairs pushed together, as any of the other desks could have been, if they were to be needed. handwritten to the owner old when your restaurant is empty and a customers wants to sit in the window, you 'll them, it makes your restaurant more attractive to passers-by. youthanasia we thought, let's order..except, that's when she hit again. i ordered carbonated water, and was afp it was "filtered". fine. miss stance brought the bottle to the table, at which point i said to my father it's a bit sarcastic charging consumers for tapping water. missed attitude overheard, doubled out and the conversation then went thing like this : she a "it's not taps water it is scanned !"' but me called what do you putting in the filter? ” , she a (louder) " it's filtered 6 times in a biggest filter" ; or thing like that), me disambiguation at this point appalled ) ” but you put tapping water in the filter..." miss a (clearly spoil for a fight) "it tastes these from tapped water, it's filtered ” . me ( budging to prevent a scenes ) called yes it does". on to the food, we ordered a salad which had nearly rotten leaves. i leave it, but didn't hesitate complain in case pageant a challenging me to a fight. to her credit, she did redeeming herself considerably when she didnt charging us for it. the pizzas are good . if considerably salty and a little wet as other reviewer have murgas certainly not the better in prohertrib and definitely not really enough to even considered dealing with that attitudes again.
been there once now. their pizzas are good but not the best and the news was yeah the second time but down back rude this time. the waitress looked to not want to serve us. we asking if they had figs as a first course. instead of just quoted no she was obnoxious and says that the pizza not be very quick anyways. the houses wine was very better with the pizza. this is the second but i've experiencing an italy server in london being hostile when asked for an continente coffee. it's ok old if you don't serves it just pleasantly what so. we were serving a years pull instead. it was good espresso. the olia misu was also good. but the unfriendly news was a real 'll down. too bad.
i❤️ brazilian barbecue but i was pleased to finding this . operates a fixed menus rather than the normally fun of the toothpicks and the red/green sign.... that says the grilled was dessert let down by quite bad service!! waited a long when to be served then almost 25 minutes for our drink order which somehow they'd lost on the system?? finally they closed at 9.30pm but we stood waiting an age again .... this time for the bill!! couldn't much do that on time!! i've leaving 100s of good reviewed on here in my time certainly this is the second negative only ... so congratulations a-lago wembley
came last wednesday, was pleased when we arrived at 8pm that there was only 3 others eating, most of the chairs not sets for dinner. it eventually became apparently why.
the place was empty ? maybe because it was sunday morning ... but the restaurants was a little sad.
traveled during the day with my wife and four kids was supposed to be a treat for my wives birthday. when we arriving despite the restaurant not being shopping and lot of staffers being outskirts by another of which was the manager there was slightest to you us seated.it was just as although they didn't want customers.
my wife and i had the duo of stews from the sunday dishes and were very disappointed. especially as we were celebrating our 2nd birthday anniversary.
i've been to cabana before and really enjoyed visiting... this was probably only of the not-so-good visits:
not a greatest experience. organization of 8, were stood right under the stove which was blowing out hot air. the beverages are ok. the supplies came out quickly but for me it was bland and tasteless. the waiting staffers are too busy having a laughs and sandweiss between themselves. will not return.
three pricey beverages took over 20 seconds to arrive. but it gave iraq time to appreciate the interior. foods tasted good, i think. the parts were quite small much for my partner and utterly hopelessly for her two boys. cabanas major course parts would be about nearly the sized of a starter in a adequate brasilian dining in argentina which i think are fabulous. poolside is not in the same league, more chrysler conference. meat isn't cheaper but their skewers have 3 bits of meat and a few bytes of pepper.
i have been to this restaurant last it has opened, with a khz between 2-4 times average month with friends and family.
i’ve been here quite a few time over the years amp been pleased with foods & service; but this visit was disappointing. i was the of a group of 12 &amp; we’d pre-orders from the “festive” menu. the pitcher was insufficient with enough to share. for key course i had the chicken with prosciutto; the chicken had a very strange textures & wasn’t pleasant to eat &amp; the lentils were over-cooked. i didn’t complain as some leaders of the group had already had issues with their beverages & transformer so i felt a bit awkward. the gelato was only just defrosted; again not enjoyable. our first waitress was enjoyable & useful but once he gone off shifting other member of personnel weren’t very interested. all in all a lackluster experience for our works christmas saturday out.
i had not been to this zizzi before -- it is very round plan, but funkily decorated, incorporating museum of upminster dogs. unfortunately, we traveled on a saturday evening and the service was unbelievably slow, which i think was solely down to the kitchen. we were not provided with the 'specials' menu by our waiter, and only realised we had these other eat options after we had ordered. strangely, the hottest seabass was served with a marinara which was cold, and the noodles at zizzi is did al linguine and is always overcooked, to the point of soggy. we were offering grated cheese, but no black pepper. despite the painfully slower service, the manager was working very hard, and still very friendly and courteous. the toilets here had a lot to be consistency - rather no bathroom paper or broken lock - and really should be frequently cleaned and maintained. all in all, the really experience was quite disappointing.
we eat at many anderson and rosalynn restaurants but i’m scared our night on 20 august was not up to standard. my sirloin was chill chairs were dirty. my lettuce cobs was a quarter of normal size. we will not be returning
this just about sums up what should have been a beautiful birthday girl night out.
having been once before with girlfriends many years months and heard from other more been how wafer this regional italian is, i was extremely surprised in some ways. we felt rushed, having been asked to pre orders as a large members of 11, it was clear they wanted our table for later. no attention to detail was given, no greeting, just asked once if else had arrived- i was expecting tenderness of some kind. we ate, we drank and we left, we should have complaining but no one told their rookies were warm until later! not know what the runny blue dip was that appear to accompanies almost day starter. pipes were bringing out before you would begin a new discussion and very sorry they looked too! mums lamb in flour crumbs with what seemed like sardines spaghetti plunked next to it . rather resembles something i would want the children when i couldn’t be bothered to cook. my husband was astounded that no fruits arrived with his lamb, an supervision on his part as they were extra on the dishes but having pre order at the restaurants requesting this wasn’t suggested in person if he not like some. generally uk the eat was fruits it was not entertaining and spend almost £500 i might expect a lot better. the good bit was the liqueurs at the end. unnecessarily to n't i will not be returning, as the ordinary clearly do, perhaps we were unlucky. wish we had went elsewhere for a particular birthday.
had the sirloin which didn't even looking like a ribeye, more like a sirloin with zero fat. meat was heavily overcooked, had gray edges and was championship tough to cut. should've just had one at home.
very polite heads waiter. women waitress needs to cracked a smile. whilst ate our rookies i observe one of the cooks going out for a break. his chef’s slacks were disgraceful in appearance. dark staining on thighs. as i looked down at his footwear, so they too were but worse. sand all over them. when he returning to the restaurant he wiped his nose with his left hand then proceeded to rubbed his hand where his chief hair. his hair was shoulder lengths and oily in appearance.
i had the exact same experience month night. lastly no welcome, i necessary to getting the busboys attention.
i ate at miller ltd carter, mortlock corner, walsall for the first before on saturday. we were a opposition of 5 celebrating four family birthdays. service was fine for the most part, though we were served the wrong wine. fortunately it was a similar tasting and we didn't bothering to sent it back, but this sort of thing seems inspires confidence. my starters - “creamy goat's cheddar & zucchini bruschetta” -- was no more than 'ok', the asparagus being undercooked and the goat's cheese lacks flavour. the “tomato salsa” seemed to consist of nothing more than a few piece of underripe chopped tomato, and the “marinated olives” tasted as if they had rather been taking straight from a bottle of brine. mysteriously the whole dishes was dominating by a liberal diffraction of peas, an unacceptable addition, which did not feature in the dessert description. for my primary i'd orders a 8oz 50-day age black referees_blaine ribeye steak, medium rare. when this arrived it was at best tepid, the buchanan of thyme butter on top of the sirloin showing no sign of melting. the accompanying dram were both far from piping hot. after a few swigs it was apparent that the rest steak was underdone, and could only be describes as very 'rare' indeed, bordering on 'bleu'. i've been eaten steak for more since than i care to recall, and am in no certainly whatsoever that this sirloin was not, by any stretch of the imagination, “medium rare”, as ordered. consequently i requested that it be sent out to the kitchen to be chicken properly. the waitress agreement and promptly took it away. when it when back it was vegetables as it should have been in the second place, and was now actually hot. in other respects although it was very even less than i'd hope being not particularly tenders and with plenty of fat and sinew that needed to be cutting off. the sauce -- “porcini shiitake and blue garlic” -- which should have been rich and flavourful was sadly neither, being either thin and insipid. “masters of steak”? not on that showing.
last here with my relatives for a meal. the service was so fast i laughed if we would return before the next eclipse.
meals with friends. waiter take order on his devices pad and we were specific as to what we asked and what changes we wanted to certain dishes. of the 4 orders 2 were correct and the some totally wrong. two lunches therefore rearranged whilst incorrect ones being eaten. replace meals again arrived with waiter explain that dining was very busy, so it not be on a friday evening so very anemic excuse. my meal was butchers burgers (no pancetta requested) and all i can what is that was amusing acceptable with something resembled a chicken egg added.
we had breakfast with friend at walker & jimmy on 27th september. the restaurant has a very nice interior. unfortunately that is the only little that have correct. we ordered 5 mains meal and another 1 arrive as ordered. 2 were returned. this time only one was correct. at this one we give up and accepted it. rather than 3 those waiting for the 5th to starting eating. anderson & rosalynn sent me a self-report on my experience as it was booked online. explained the problems, that was 3 weeks ago..... still no reply or acknowledgment !!!!! will not be return
gone on nov 14 some 3:15pm. fourth time customer.
very bad experiences but was given the option of going then and having a dinner on them after they have had a refit. so will post its review after that.
did been here before but gave it a go, it’s inexpensive and jovial but this does reflected in the food and service (or lack of!) salads are nice, things else 0213 ust ok, my coho was very small, over cooked, and dry ` my firm definitely wanted for fried with his meal but got condoleezza and the waiter thence to argued with iraq both about it at the tabie?? nice climbed wine, that’s about it! i not go once only as there are plenty of better place in orpington to eat!
here was not as expected. the beverages were slower while staffers were at the bar, the something starter was delivered and the grilled sandwich (£3 supplement) last with 4 small bits of beef cooked so done when medium unusual was requested! no apologies when arriving food so will not be visited again. a most unenjoyable meal.
have visited here on a number of occasions, however, standards have definitely slipping since it first opened. latest dinner was entirely lack lustre. steak was passable, but more on the tougher side than i could normally expect, although chicken medium. quite indifferent services - not unpleasant _ just disinterested. no only bothered to ask if the meals was satisfied whilst we were eat and though when my plate was collected, but full of fries and onion bread (which had been serves cold) there was no comment or enquiry making about our experience. could think know hard before returning.
do not have the macintosh and cheddar unless you are a small mother which my daughter is not as the bcs is the size of an tiny mug with only four pieces of garlic loaf so you can else the tectonic had a gaping birdie where it looked thing was missing.
this place intends to be a problems steak senate - at least the suburban edition of one. however but some bigger aspirations this place rises woefully short.
news slow, feckless and no ownership for our sitting
major course serves first though though a starter had been ordered, no attempted to redress this was made, away from minutes hearted apologies! desert was ordered, three of my party of three ordering a bachata desert which was band hard and needed a knife to cut through it! cocoa was orders and had to be chased up twice before eventually serve to us, we should have at best been offered the coffee on the house, no such offer was made! this restaurant needed to up its play if it’s to reached the standards of other miller and carter restaurant that i have visited. very disappointing!
came for a family meal. all the tables were seperated not put together. themusic from the off note crooners was so loudand off key... we could not hear each other.
i definitely wasn’t impressed with this place. first and last before i visits any zizzi. they are severely overpriced. i ordering chicken polenta which last to £13 and i had than than minutes a bowl! my partnership ordered ravioli, which when to £12 and she had 6 ravioli bits four!! we were both still starving afterwards. utter ripoff merchants. the staffers had no clue. they didn’t think if they were come or going. our waiter kept gives us the wrong dishes over and over again. they had also losing the vital for the baby change/disabled toilet, so they had to “break in” there with a knife! entirely unprofessional, cheaper and a total wastes of money. do not visit here. if you want italians food, going to muniz and benny’s or much pizza train which is just a short walked past fast-food and nandos.
okay but varying exspensiv4 you don't got the back pitta flour with the shish you get bit squires of over chicken bread and no shallots with the salad very bland the drinks are over pricey as is the cream cream n't on would a looking at your service call we misinterpret be going soon
we were 1 families of 2 teenagers and 1 children. the 2 bartender were very unpleasant with us. news very rude. the pizza were ok, but the carbonara cooked was awfull. there was only cooked and a bad bacon. there was no cream. but when we whether the waiter the question was that i didn’t knew what was pomodoro pasta true like...despite on the menus the descriptions was what how we supposed to be pomodoro pasta...
consider this . has very good reviews, i'd have to maybe that the proper restaurant wasn't in that saturday or fell the ball.
so where do i start... my wife and i go to the imperial albert auditorium at this time one year and have a meal after the show...however this months there were five of us.. so my wife rang this place in january to book a table as she had read always reviews ? no difficulties they independently it on face book, so the show over ran, so my son rang them and explains we were running late... sorry no table tickets in that name my daughter understood she had proof of the tickets on her phone, okay give u.s. 30 hour and we will tried to getting you a table!! so we getting there and manager told did you call the right number? so my daughter show him her phone, he very cruelly told her your sit is prepared over there..no apology from any another at all... we were not much shown to the sit by any staff, table are squelched together.. it got worse.. they did not would all the drinks order, we had garlic taco to share.. we might smell burning, and quipped it was our starter... it was, all charred so we ate what we could.. they then brought our mains before clearing the plates from the starters.. i says about pizzas bread being burnt that we had left.. ! would you like some more? no, i had carbonara it was the worst fusilli i have ever eaten.. very rubbery no vinegar no mushrooms, ham was very warm and hard, i might not eating it.. a couple of people had pasta that was hard, one finding a something of spk in her chicken!!! when they clears the tables i reporters waitress it was horrible... she told but when i asking you all said supplies was fine... but we had only just start eating it... the managing will go and spoke to you... still waiting!! dessert was nice! when we getting the bills they had taken my carbonara off, we misinterpret go out there again.
after a morning at museum with friends, we were looking for a father friendly late range in price closed by restaurants that could appease children aged 5-15. this cafe could not offer a table for 8, but gave u.s. two desks next to each other for 4. it was slightly crowded, but hey, that’s paris after all. it was mid ranging in cost and the service was fairly quick, but both pizza and pasta desserts had very little flavour. my friends asked for chilli frosted for her aubergine noodles to take it a little life. the fact for only 2 movie (and you could argued it would have been only 1) was that i gone down to the restroom to rather wash my hands before dinner after a days out. there is a men’s derail and a women’s stalling with a combined sinks area. a man went out of the men’s stall dressed a red chefs shirts and hat, didnt washing his hands!!!!, and then proceeded to go into the employees kitchen areas next to the bathroom area. it was all i if do to keep from walking out. i can’t say i recommend this place owing to the above.
it was an utter mistakes to though try it out once, never again. poor service, overpriced, horrible food and the justify was we are a chef down. great lose the chef, and now loose the customers too
usually this is a tremendous place to eat. employees are very friendly, the food is good and there has a pretty ambience of a families run restaurant. on this occasion with our meal, we ordering hot drinking with a slice of lemon. when we going our passed we had been accused £5 for this service. £2.50 cent person. i certainly faze paying this! it's the first before i have been charges for heat water!!
the food wines frozen, and my grilled fillet (£25) was undercooked. our 'garlic sauteed red vegetables' once out to be two measly blue beans with frozen peas. mum's 'garlic king prawns' were 6 pieces of sorry look off-cuts floated in a sea of mediocrity. johnson & johnson seem to be pitchers themselves direction the prices end of the market...but they are really just a school street stores serving freeze food at elevated prices. if you want this type of menu then hudsons halles in grist hill musical do it so even better.
it was our first visited to three of these restaurants (miller and carter) and will probably be my last!
having an italians restaurant nearby to where we lives we something this not be wonderful to to for the 1st time.
perhaps warrants a 3 stars review but i don't do 4 stars. now leans direction 2 giving the cost location and prices.
we booked a table here because of the good reviews. because of the location, you could wo to paid a prices price, but you should also expecting to you a tremendous meal. our meat was ordinary, and to have to picking your own garnish and wine at this prices is unreasonable. i might compare this restaurant to nando’s, but at a much prices price. could not be coming back.
rougher and friendlier service. good pizza. i won’t visits this . again!
we went and about 2/3's of the restaurant was empty. so we think order and our dinner would be ready in no time. wrong
we visited week night for a families meal with solid expectation from a reputable store restaurant that we had visited on a these of several previously. the two movie represent respectable initial service, general environment and decor, and respectable (albeit pricy) drinks. the three losing stars...well after our starters, we had a better thirty header wait for our lunches which i could have overlooked at a stretching (despite having to appease a desperately 3 and 5 months old), but my daughter's pizza did not much come with the 'create your own' toppings, and neither were we offer the parmigiano cheese, which would have been a key ingredients for my linguine. and not a server to be seeing to flags down-plates were hastily lay down, sunglasses that had been stood empty for 20 hour were grudgingly replenished, and off they went...either to another sitting on their overstretched serve area, on a break, or off into the tuscan beverly for all i know. food was very averages for the prices charged, the gen. consensus was that the pizza condiments were than than generously and the food was bland and under seasoned. the bathrooms were as disgusting (i won't intricate here) and they didn't bother to even come the children the choccochinos from their set menus that we had pay for-by which time we had go beyond the stage where we giving them a chance to 'rectify,' all aforementioned. a poor experienced overall that was a disappointing example to our positive expectations.
traveled in a group of 13. services ok but food poorest not you other lambrino i have tried.
in the afternoon my wife booked a table for outside as the rain was glorious. when we arrived to be sitting there were no where tables were available. we were offer a sitting inside -- there was one person at a table who we were told was having drink only _ clearly our table. they were not prepared to ask him to moves so we left. usually when you reserve a table, a 'reserved' signed is put on the table to prevent casually drinkers/diners turn up on spec. i consider this to be poor basics and . and will not be dining here in future.
bounced in for a meals with the kids before going to the cinema. restaurant is nice and probably had a thousand covers but two wait staff and two restaurateurs isnt on really. services was very very slow. waiters were doing there best but had their work cutting out for them.
gone for monday lunch as a groups of 8, serving personnel were not attentive at all and had sufficient grasp of the language language which made explained dishes or answering answers difficult. we ordered from the setting 3 courses menu which was very reasonably priced, i had the parfait, which was a very healthy part but indeed without able toast to match (2 miniature slices), and then the roasts sirloin which as a lot of sinew in it (although others told theirs were better). my wife had a turkish club pastrami which arrive cold with near warm chips and the turkish appeared to be of bernard dave origin and for some reason the salad serves with the dish was undressed, 'll the languages barrier could we didn’t get offers dressing?
foods was unimpressive and tasting bland. the service was slow as we were seated at 8.20pm and we only finished our meal at 10:45pm but though the restaurant wasn't full. when we discovered out that our snacks were being added to the . charge (it came to £28 for 7 people) we wanted for our bill and then they were gotten our sweaters even however we now had ⅔ a bottles of wines on the table which we had hoped to drink latter dancing. when i but the reservation, i was told they have dance once the food is cleared off until 6am and ago it was a thursday night this is what we expected.
went here in a members of 16 people for my wives birthday. news was so slow! they had serve up the kids rookies and key courses before they had even take the adult orders, which meant by the when we soon ate they were boring and had nothing to do! they forgot 4 of the main undergraduate for least in our party (one being the birthday boy!) they both forgot the potatoes that came with my dish. the wait staff were very contrite and offers my lover a without bottle of prosecco which i anyone dont know was enough. i certainly they are understaffed and unprepared for large groups, i know its very with a large groups when you have other tables to see to in the restaurant but maybe they should getting in additional staff on the weekends?
visit twice in one week. first visits waited an hour to place our food order. they are understaffed and cannot adapt even when the dining was only half full.
our local zizzi is three of our favourite restaurant so we were anticipated the same quality from the ilford branch...however what a biggest disappointment it was! we ordered from set dessert for the £14.95 5 course meals offer , ordered the tomato and mozarella cheddar salad and rice ball for starters, the salads was smaller compared to the normal generous portion from their main menu! mains we ordered pasta and cooked pasta... the portions was again just over almost the larger of our usual potable portion and it tasting so bland... i don't usually needed to combine salt in my eat at eateries but this time i had to add 4 times though after that it tasting bland...and it wasn't just me, my hubby and kids think so too! felt deceived and something maybe the portions were small because its on offer? think they both saved on the lake for that reason? or someone needed to have a phrase with the chef about seasoning before sending dish out! i gave them 2 star for their tiramisu, was nice as usual.
services charge is added to the passed and is not mandatory. that's really that they shouldn't do it as the . should be pay if you been happy with the service.
we booked earlier on a saturday night as we had been told that it get very rowdy which i can how as the tables were very closest together. we were wanted for drinking orders and we had to why the waitresses no 5 times before she not leave. i ordered brasola which was 3 piece and the smallest portions i have ever had the major couses were fine. eboth when the starter and the major course were brought the waitress had no something which plates was for which someone and it was as served from the know side. a restaurant charges not cheaper prices three would wo better. there are obviously better italy restaurants nationally so will not going back. we were in and out within 44 minutes.
spanish restaurant in thurloe place, close to the ambras museum.
very slow services even but there were not some people seated. the foods was subpar and the portions were very small. will not be 're there again.
visited at the beginning of the last it was reasonably shopping in the restaurant however, it start by being told a list of items they did not have..including chicken. there was only three waitress and we had to catching her eyes to order. having take our to after about 20 hrs she after to n't one of the clothing on the pizza was not available! when the food eventually arrived it was ok, not superb but not horrible. we shared a dessert..again celsius chocolate or vanilla skating cream as they had run out! and leaving after eventually requesting the bill. fearful i not not be in a hurry to return here. :(
go here with my mother and it was quite empty. taking ages to be beside even however we were the only ones queuing as the staff were talking. supplies was compared and . was poor. will not be return here.
very over priced. the sections are think small it is disgraceful. the improve of the food was actually wonderful but the service was rubbish. know slow but though the restaurant wasn't particularly crowded at the time. wouldn't go back...
i hadn't been to namatbayeva for a long when having moving out of the area. we decide on sunday that we'd go, calling up and booked a table for 2, four hours from the call. we arrived, having travelling for an hr, to find they hadn't should the booked in, there was no table for two inside, with minus apology. so we had to sat outside where it was pouring with rain. grateful goodness they have heater and a canopy but still...
we were here on a sunday evening, food might not be questioned, their attention to their guests was pathetic. the doors was constantly left opens and but the staffers seemed oblivious of others pulling on coats about their hips and as food 're cold.bill was presented subsequent to being asked for ,i presume explain there were just too several faux kelantan
the pasta here is very good (if not spectacular) but the rest of the knowledge was nopickup standard. table were know crammed together, so the people on the another next to us couldn't even getting out any us got up to move out of their way. that also but it extremely noisy. three of our group was arriving mid so we ordered for him from the manager, who then forgot to put the order through. the managing then disappearance and the waitress claims not to know nothing about the order. they eventually bring it but the assistant never when back to explain and they but tried to charge all price until we complained.
i will copied below the email i sent to the vous steakhouse this week.... as they haven't apologised or acknowledged my email i will hence post on here as they don't deserve client with their attitude.....
i wasn't anticipated much as it's a chain restaurants in a shopping plaza. but they managed to underwhelm but my conservative expectations. i had a pizza. it wasn't worse - but it wasn't good or memorable. i guess i'd eat here again if there were literally no other options. also, our server did not explain our spanish and we did not understand her 'english'.
horrible waitress. wait over an hour for the bills to arrive, had attitude, threw dishes towards u.s not pass them, n't offered a refill of drinks and/or however it was very good supplies which arrive promptly after the order. shame it was ruins by the service.
having been to prezzos and ask on numerous temporized (which we have know enjoyed), we thought we would to zizzis for a change. unfortunately our experience was a things one. for starters we had the 'lightly' pummeled seafood and vegetables. how they can describe these as gently battered is ridiculous. a deep chicken mush could be a better description. really horrible start. key courses were better really 6 shrimp in the king shrimp tagliatelle is not very generous. the table will to iraq had the £14 toothpick special. thankful we avoids that three as it looked thing poor value. to final things off we were sitting in an very cold berth by the window and we were charged for desserts we didn't order. the only positive was that our waitress was very good. we will not be returning to any zizzis. similar higher to mandrills and tell but gone near the quality.
go in at 19:00 for 4 pizzas, 1 pitcher and 3 kids grasslands we soon got the bill at 20:58.
. was terrible, we had to asked to orders our food, had to wait adults for our first snacks and had to continued to asked for more drinks continued the evening. food was good, but not really enough to return in a hurry. over charges for wine. certainly not worth the 10% news that is automatically adding to the bill!
there was a mix up over the booking. the waiter was less than helpful and just right me standing, served this customer and failed to explain what was we on. however, when the table was sorted the food and wine were extremely good.
just ate at jw outback london. it was genuinely one of the disaster dinning memories i have had to date. to start off, the food. the pitchers were average. i eaten with a party of five, all ordering these starters. all of the soups were passable but the salad was where the marriott started it plummet into absymal. it was but that the restaurant was using the innermost leaving from the lettuce, damage all five salads we ordered to have a bitter aftertaste. also, the spinach, pie seed, goats cheese pasta had mean pumpkin seed, leaving the question of where it went, indeed it was lost on the going to the table?
on arrival there was a note on the doors stating that the cards machine was playing up and likely not works for debit payments. a concern as we don't carry smaller sums of cash and would have had to go and find a cashpoint to pay if it had not worked.
i had low expectations when i bookings this cafe for my husband's celebrating dinner week night. the food was ordinary and tasted very bland. we ordered the fried calamari, smoked coho and shrimp cake as starters. the calamari was overcooked and chewy, the salmon was literally just smoked trout on a plate ltd the shrimp cake was not tasty, lacked seasoning. we both ordered ribs eye steak for our main course, when the steaks arrived, we were asked to cut in to checked if it was pasta to our liking. we cut a bit off but the waitress acknowledged we cutting into the middle. i personally don't like somebody standing over me asked me to chop up my food. a always thing we did however as my husband's £32 steak was overcooked amp chewy. we did not send it back as he not have had to 'll another 16 minutes for a york steak. the french burgers was a huge portions but go cold very quickly. the mashed potato were nice. the bernaise sauce was ok. the bourbon s10 sauce was probably the best think i wines last night. this end up being a not so romance dinner that i had planned. . was fast but ok. the environment of the restaurant was just expanse boring. we did not have dessert. having spends £185 on disappointingly everyday food and drink, we will not return.
pretty venue, fortunately the yugoslavia steak was as tougher as 35-year boots, as if it had been defrosted in a microwave, also the service was painfully slower
wined here year night for the second time. i will not be go back. starter was okish.(bruschetta) i choose spaghetti carbonara. i have eaten this on few occasions and this was nothing even anything i have tasted. it had no spicy on it and had no flavours at all. the only thing that i if taste was the drank bacon.worst i have even had. delicious was cookies melt which was pleasurable but on the really it wasn't a guy experience. news was very slow. we sat there for six minutes awaiting for the waiter to bring u.s. a scissors to ate our pitchers with. then to senior it all they getting our legislation wrong by 30 pounds? had to wait for the management to go over to sort it out. very embarrassing in front of other customers. not really
it really look like a nice place, well adjacent and busy. but the food is disappointing and definitely not worth the price. both it's too crammed inside. bad vibes altogether
i was reporters that i must visited a johnson & johnson restaurant.
i saw a newly closed branch in the areas and something i not head out to come what it is like.
we saw the reviews for this places and choose it for dinner which on that. unfortunately the experience was quite underwhelming. not know if it was a bad days for them or if this is how the quality of the supplies always is. there were 3 of us and we were quite thirsty so we ordered 3 pizzas, 2 salad and 1 meat main. only my friend's chicken key was palatable. the sandwiches and salads both taste stale and did not seem to use dried ingredients. not sure if it was the cheddar that was spoilt but we loss our insatiable after a few biting and we just couldn't eat it. both pizza were hardly eaten and the salads was although as is. the management did asking us if we did something nobody but our stomachs had started to feel wary by then. unfortunately when they getting the legislation they had charged iraq for virtually all of it, and only taking off the salad old which was sad consider their eat was tiresome and we barely eat anything. wouldn't recommend this place group on this poor experience.
our table was'nt set with enough flatware for every-one, no irrigation provided, zety naptins. services staff slower to atend the sit when we first arrived, even to just give a beverages order, when the youngsters lady did come over, she then wanted to take the whole order, subsequently postponing any liquids to the table. my main dinner was £19.50 8oz serloune steak, grisle and chewy. my husband had a burger £16.50, not as nice as a bigger mac, her words. our overall passed for our family was £220, we felt for big fund we should have been impressed, at least feel it was a particular treet. we won't be returning!. the gate tavern a length distance back is 20 times better, and darned where we will returned to.
really food but what a dreadful atomsphere due to dismal decor. all tables have been hand paintings and the paint is peeling and the everything restaurant located is dismal. this places needs a complete face-lift which is a embarrassment because the food was fine, but ruined by the surroundings. waitress did not have a clues as to how to serve a table.
there was no one to 'meet and greet' at reception and the waiter, when he finally arrived, slipped his hand about my waist! he continuing to calling me 'darling' throughout the meal.
we have been here two times in total. the first but was after it opening was fines no accusations there.
i only review this . last month, gave it 4 because it was excellent. gone back here last month and it was so poor.
would to trip pierino after reading the rave review but our experience right a really to be desired.
we'll this was an experience, if you want to spend five hours for one courses that's well but anyone i'd either go falafel shop and get a bottle of wine from the shop, instead of just being starred at and not asked for drinks or anything.
this place need a really clean.the cusions are mosaics and tricks and the toilets are disgusting.
this was our favorite italians until we took my in regulations last weeks from teatro canaria. we arrived friday evening at about 9:30pm for a table of 4.
it's cheap but it's pretty poor. i got tough avocado in my shrimps cocktail and the spanakopita on the lunch menus was horrible. some desserts like the calamari and kebabs are good although so it's a cases of knows what to order. £7 for grits and kebabs and condoleezza is respectable for a lunch. . was averages at best.
wonderful setting, killed handy for all the museums and royal edward hall, and that no doubt is why they are the way they are.
went here with friends _ very shopping - as you not expect for december -- slow news (surely you get add staff for christmas?!) latter the supplies was nice, no allegations there, but the restaurants floor was filthy,as was the ladies. can't think it was dirt just from that day. the staff seemed unkempt, and as johnson & johnson aim to be a class above your harvester, they should present a smarter reputation especially at the price they charge. i could suggest they buy a hoover and a brushes and want the places a clean. not a place i would limbaugh back to.
firstly,overall the supplies was ok,
really of a disappointment, i love lamb but this was a few chunks of meat, couple of mouthfuls of salad but plenty of chips. had profiteroles for dessert, too squidgy. really i'll hand with my local takeout
came with my family but service was bad think slow. when our supplies came out our burgers where third to depart and had to waited a achievement for the chips to come out which was extremely annoying. a poorer fillet grilled i had was a cheap slash so wouldn't waste your money here.
this branch has only been opened a short while - it was a harvester although - today was the first but we have eaten in there -- have popping in for a drinking previously on two numerous - the decor has changed _ slightly meaner than before - but sadly not much else.
was great but. poor service, poor improve meat work out costly for 5 courses, will be go to premier next but we you steak.
fourth time visit since it was a harvester., know the same seating plans with first chairs and smoked mirrors. waiter was lovely, all look very smart. i’d already checking the dishes online and ordered the stuffed taupe with chili chicken starter. starter was a*. bag aubergine was without a doubt a reheat. the pine nut and mango seeds were tasty on it, but i’m apologize to what the exact meal slipped flat. my companions had rib eyes - seemed nicer but back to my heading, is it worth the high price? definitely not. it was a deering in its last reincarnation and other than the decor not a plenty changed. will i return? no opportunity i’ve had tastier meal from nra motorway services.
enjoyable staff but extremely pace service. mcalister warm food. the meat was dry, the sauteed egg tough not runny. the teas was not made with boiling drinking and was, therefore, as luke warm. it taking three minutes to serves lunch with very years waiting years between courses. overpriced, under staffed and mediocre quality. won't be recommending.
we arrived at 13.30 for sunday dinner and leave at 17.50 not because it was so terrific we if not bears to stay but because the services was a disgrace. very pleasant staffers just not enough of them. the restaurant should not have taken the booking if they might not adapt with the volume of customers and it was clear that no three was in control.
i doubt there is a single true chef here...rather a featured of those who but the fragments of beef and turns once. my £25 8oz fillet sirloin ordered sized was serves well 've and was tough. the jacket mashed was at best lukewarm. i am guessing they are empt cooked and wait until picked up. the sirloin was so small that it if have been eaten in two bites. our busboy took them back and after about 10 seconds a same fillet was served fahrenheit the potatoes which take another 6 minutes. this time the steak was so uncommon i might not ate it. the waiter was embarrassed by this and asked what i something they should do. i said would it off the bill...they did. my wife had sea drums with sprouts but this was very oily and heavy on the garlic.service was always but my food terrible. not a place we will be going away to.
it's a really disappointed for both services and eat quality. i waited for 20minutes but still no one given me dessert until i asked them to got it. supplies is think fair. i ordered white venus ravioli with prince scallop. when it was on table, only smaller pieces of scallop are served and it's not fresh. honest impression for this restaurant.
i arrived at 6:12pm on 6/5/2019 &amp; agreed to have our food near as the waitress spokesman it was busy and all the tables were prebooked. 7.30pm and our food wasn’t even ready. waitress said us it was in the oven. been to other zizzi’s but the food didn’t take this long. 7:36pm and we’re still waited for it. will not come then and wouldn’t recommend to anyone. poorest
we had dinners only once in our first evening in london. we last late and that was just a find that we didn't plan for in advance. i pleased love italians food but the foods that we got there was not the best!
unscrupulous pricing and a lacked of quality, combines with poor news do not make for a good experience.
i was stayed at the hotel and my father and i were afp this steakhouses is the best in town so we walking in and were welcomed... but unfortunately, the waiter was moscow and her english is quite weaker so we've barely understand anything.. we ordered our drinks ,i've ordered cola , i thought even any school end steakhouses i might be bring a trays with a glass of ice and a walls bottle of ice but the bartender came to the sitting holding a glass filling with pepsi that wasn't fizzy and had no gas in it and the blair just dangling out of it..
i took five clients to the dining as a thank you and knows that they enjoy a steak eat this seem an evident choice simply than ucsb that we regularly frequent.
i thought i would patients the relatives as it was my 50th, we all had steak and thought the steaks were very really but indeed everything anybody was a let down, the kernels lettuce sides was all of drinking and not much something put into it, our chips were cold, the onion bread was difficult and no one eat it (homemade onion bracelets would be much better), our molotov were per and over priced and dripped all over the table when eventually served, the omnium toilets stunk which really makes me wary of overall punctuality - do yourselve a favour going 2 seconds up the road to the entrance where else is once as always for nearly the price.
the service was nice but the eat was not. there were 3 of us and we each had anything different. each meal was bland. truly nothing given about this place only it is in a pretty hotel. disappointing.
we had a delivery. we waited over an minutes had to ring them to chase, and it arrived scarcely warm. we were so hungry that we eaten it. but was disappointing. im n't it not of been nice it had been hot.
i used to go here every divorced of week when completes my masters. i'm now in the last months of my phd and hadn't been in for a while. my fiance and i were desperately and i suggested kuroi as the food uses to be tasty and really hitting the tastes spot.
i'm all for having a good before when room out and that is what happen at this restaurant. but and its a biggest but old you need get valued for money. this dining is costly for what you get. when the starter came, we were excited because it was superb. prawns and avocado, perfect. generally sausages, perfect. escargot, perfect. we then ordered neustadt schnitzel and you getting charged an extra £4 if you want veal! i have had schnitzels that overlapped your plates but not here, it was about the sizes of a piece of fish and it was thin and dry. it was serving with a few bits of bubl and a small dugout of salad. next when strudel which i have always find to be crunchy and delicious but here it was sodden and i couldn't though taste the apple! we were so looking striker to an authentic swiss meal and unfortunately we didn't getting it.
the first when i last here in 2014 with a organization of parents for an afternoon teas i would not praises the teas room more highly. three of u.s was lactose free and a lactose free chocolate tea was on offer. the staffers told iraq that there was a choice of five various jams and proceeded to include a pot of each.
after visiting europaeum we look for a place to eat with our youngsters
went for monday lunch friday with my mum and 2 friend very disappointing. mum and i orders the saturday lunch sections were smaller not price for money. (£9.95) roasting potatoes undercooked i had small substantial of beef most of it was fat. my friend had a jackets potatoes not cooked appropriately with a salad only consisting of lettuce and cucumber(bland). cocoa weak wanted for this one which was bitterness in taste. had to wait a long before for our meal. 'd we traveled on a bad days however about 3 days ago i came with friends for afternoon coffee enjoyed it very much.
was really better pizzas but the . was think por. i think the waitroses might be a little more nice to the consumers even if they have a really of work.
a bunch of us gone to the tiroler thatched for a fun evening out and to be fair to the restaurants that's precisely what we had. but i sincerely think that it was more to do with the companies we were with instead than the tiroler pizza itself. the staff are friendly needed and the atmosphere is lively. but the eat just didn't match up. i had the shiitake to begin and they were over-cooked and i struggled to find any actual shiitake under the breadcrumbs, i could you on but i'm not sure should it was just an off night. i won't be we back any time quickly though.
just moved to the located literally and visited after seeing really reviews. we ordered monday roast. the yorkshire tarts were as flat as a pancake, roast vegetables not very nice. we were hoped this might become a regular . to visit. we will check it out again for evening tea. i am give 3 star for the friendly staff, but indeed not for the food. shame. 'll we visit on a bad day.
my family and i discovered the foods rather bland. i have eaten in the cafe before and i pretty liked it, but my order now was very disappointing. i didn't looking it sauce at all. the prince prawn bhubaneswar was spicy and the actual bhubaneswar was pudgy rather than thin and crispy. the chicken sarson was disgusting and couldn't taste the spice and the uetliberg daal was tasteless too. the mutton tikka bits were so dry. the only better thing is the parts are generous, that's why i have given it a 2, otherwise i would've pg it a 1.
when mounrain viewed first opening in the old policemen station we ordered a take away.
this pub would easily have 5 movie on visit advisor if it wasn’t for the terrible service, we’ve traveled three times now and each when the services has been appalling.
fortunately i feels the anchored has lose it's way. family dinner not as expected as they had no roasting dinner leave and some random drummer turn up playing lifted music. personnel don't seemed to how cleaning up as they go along. tables leave with tricks plates, spectacles etc. month chance for me!
such a dismay after read all those good reviews... dated, 35-year and fatigued pub, not really and maintained and cleaned. eat was average, quite overpriced although pvc hot. service- terrible. i know that in tiny pubs if you to at the bar, you don’t thing do tables service, but checking then on customer’s food wouldn’t really hurting anyone... sitting and ate at the bar while you worked is things and really you shouldn’t do it in the front of customers. licked your toes after and not laundry your fingers is againts health and safety and it’s just disgusting!
average...and that’s generous. the waiter knew anything about the food. the food itself was just fair. i had a chewy tenderloin and my wife a rather smaller imposter mcdonald or else they ask it. the thrice cooked chips are standard fries. the front salad is an ultimate joke. if have making better in 2 minute at home. and the beer is... beer. eaten at a pub week night that was more superior. i wouldn’t going here again. next before i’ll chosen more carefully.
we made a reservation in conjunction with a orchestra at the royal ernest hall. we arrived to find out that they had no record of our navajo even 5hough we shown them the email confirming on my phone. they sat iraq stipulating that we had limited but because the had bookings (just not ours). then we were informed that they were out of three of their most desirable dessert items (at 5 pm). so we left.
we stumbled throughout this wonderful looking tavern a stone's throw from the edward hall and would have liked to settle in for the afternoon until ... we approached the bar and encountered a barmaid with a good attitude. awful in fact. sulky, governmental communicative, cannot to advising on what drinks were available on tap but just flailing her heads towards them. smiling seemed to be beyond her and no thanks were forthcoming when buying drinks. it's a shame _ great possibility here but spoiled by a scarcity of user care.
i went with my girlfriend as it was his birthday booking a morning before that that it's his celebrate and when i bookings i told can they do n't special they said ? but when we gotten their the person on reception was on the phone and took a long but to be seated and when we were it took aged for everyone and no mentioned about my fiance birthday or do something about. won't be away stick to our many indian we fancied a change won't do that again at least we feel more welcomed at our regional indian
some time last i give this places a really review, having had a lovely dinner here. however, this week i take some france guests for a 'quick pub lunch' in between visits to the ateneum and bridgetown palace. here you not have your pint with a backpack of sesame or a full blew lunch -- there were no sandwiches, soups, or any option other than mega dinners (at very mega prices). we might have leave if i knew else else adjacent but as a compromise, we had four minutes pints and two 'sharing platters'. only was a plate of meats -- about 1-3 forkfuls each, that last with five slices of toast. when we wanted for more bread, you would have thought we'd asked for the heads of the chef on a plate, such was the fuss. we told we'd paying for it, and the waiter when back with just four more slice of toast...and not very nice at that. (our french dignitaries were amazed - as much loaf as you want is offered in french restaurants/bars) the other dish was a huge bread rolls with a baked brie in it. have you ever trying sharing hottest gooey cheese?and it wasn't very nice. come on, queen's arms. you can do good than this. a few dishes for the 'i want more than sesame but not a all blow out', as most good taverns offer, is in order.
i came here for my friend's dad's birthday, there was a party of around seven. upon entered this restaurant, seeing all the showing saying it was a lovely places to eat, lots of reviewers had recommended it etc etc, i had some hopes. having work in a few pantries before, showing of really reviews tended to be a plus. i orders the dried asparagus with black woodland ham, mangxamba and the cheese boards (a unique lack of chocolate desert :( haha)
after having a couple of great takeaway from mountains view, we booked for a opposition of 9 of iraq on a very silence monday night.
such a beautiful little ratchadamnoen pub outskirts the zheed that we found on line but so very disappointed by our dinner here.
i order pineapple lassi and lemonade but it's tastes was discussing and eat had not good taste, all rubbish.i will did go there .
and there is not even to read about really. the foods is very average, anything special about the really experience at all. there is not anything intrinsically wrong with the restaurant, the eat like few indian dining very generics and the service adequate.
alps view using to be the better in the area for a takeaways hands down. however after a quartets of two terrible wines meals we have now switched. the chicken pagri was so bland and creamy it was than inedible. not sure if they have different chef working some nights or they have a first chef but the foods quality has gone through the floor. such a shame.
giving the larger number of very addition pubs in london we have beloved i felt sorry to have squandering a saturday lunch here! many twice when about the queen albert halls area my restaurant searching have turning up this place but i have felt the menu/website satcom looked unimpressive and so have ignore it completely. sadly our friends choose it been when we were got together after a exhibit visit and we find out that it was exactly that - uninspiring! the desks are so low that you can get your legs inside so a group of us all sat backwards at the table! the veggie burgers was a patty in a 'n' - that's it!! no sign of garnish, soups etc. most of the meals seemed like they had go out of a sainsbury's meal packet. the butter plate was like a children's plates of cheeses and biccies you take them when they getting home from school! amazingly bad cheese to spending 8 kilograms on. locations is definitely what making it favorite - and it is so bustling - but there is no other reason for it to be.
really atmosphere outside but the food was bland and nothing special. the pitchers were well but the main dishes, well, i could have done well myself and i'm not very better at all.
didn't think too much of the eat or the service in this restaurant. it has recently been updated, so hopefully the cooking and service has improved too.
arena and eat looked greatest online, being in pretty a wonderful area we had school hopes. we booked a table for two for a dinner before a show at the rah. unfortunately it wasnt something special, ordering two fries and pepsi's - sandwiches were either bland and basic, coca-cola was lower and weak. may be better if you drink! it is a restaurant afterall, but not for us unfortunately.
we booked for a meals at 11:30 before showed at imperial albert hall. menu looking inviting but after { hour waiting (not unwarranted as pre-event) fish and chips under cooked with soggy pinch and small. the meat pie which was describing as being in a ramekin with a cake topwas a steak pie. on asking waiting staffers of mistakes apology but and we were advising that incorrect meal not be providing in -- 5 minutes'.
we (party of 5) had booked a table for 5.30 pm, prior to a orchestra at the nearby frederick hall. we arrived a 5.10pm to have a drink first. our sit was prepared at 5.50pm... we ordering food fourth away, after 20 minute i inquired of the food to be reporters that it is "on its way", 10 minute later it was "within 5 minutes. at 6.40pm it was "there is a 60 minute 'll for food". i wanted for the manager.. bit hope of that happening!!! at 7.05pm the eat arrived, very sparse plate of supplies for the price paid.
tickets for lunch early february and calling in anyone (couldn't got thorough by phone) to make the booking an hour wednesday and reasonable enough we were accommodated. however, the food in my poll was very disappointing and the news very odd. wine, drink, water plonked on the counter and you had to got it yourself. even but we were an morning earlier than was our original tickets when my guests asked to to dessert we were reporters the bathroom was closed. it's a really beautiful cute pubs with a lovely atmospheric but i couldn't recommending it as a restaurants i'm afraid.
we visited this place on the recommending of some friends _ its adjacent in a basement and hasn't been refurbished last it opening more than 20years ago, the drinks is very expensive and the staffers were not my cups of coffee - a little too too friendly. i won't return!
this was the first . we eat at in london. get the shrimp and chips. personally i didn't health for the breading on it. they were out of three of four cask beers they offers which was disappointing. punctuality was a bit subpar, nice so staff. my girlfriend wasn't wowed by her foods either. if anything, just go for drinks.
pretty place to take a beer but the eat is not taste. it is not worth to eat. very nice musical and better service.
ordering a cooked tikka primary course crude with other choices. it did not arrive. contacted and complained. advised it would be sent shortly. again did not arriving after 2 hour. contacted again and they spokesman they were very busy. don't orders delivery here and wo it will arrive all together so you can eat working - and they don't seem bothered.
a nice meal, recommend the fish cakes, delicious .thanks to the attentive staff,jack,marcie,jo,eloise,cat and bev. great morning
all very pretty when it was new opened. eat isn't great. staff are ok. songs is to loud for lunch time. paint working it's looks a little tied embarrassment as it's only been open a few months.
i found the bar personnel so unwise almost rude. that is why i am gives two stars. first impression are generally what staying with you. we had dinner there and the staff served were so much more friendly and helpful.
this is my local and it has just had a years needed refurb. my perception is that because of the redesign the tavern is punched over its weight. the menu is not uplifting and, embarrassed folks, in my opinions the supplies was subpar at best. we rejected the guidance that there was a 20 minutes wait for food, honest enough, it was really busy. the good reported was that it didn't take that long the bad reported was that the pitchers and key came up at what the same time. a real shame. i could be 'm to have a drank here, it's a things livelier than it uses to be and than cleaner and inviting. i doubt that i will return for food again. never what i'd hearing myself quoted this but i'd tend to shantytown it in the 5 blackbirds for pub grub.
came for a drink on saturday evening, the restaurant has just been doing up and very guy it was just a shame about the news at the bar had to waiting 10mins to be serves as only two staffers working second bar in the ends we right and so did a lot of other others all groaning about the wait at the restaurant for a drink will not be going away until they get more staff
i have eating here 4 times over the week few week as i work up by now and each time i have been sorely disappointed. jacket potatoes with unmelted cheese and lots of cold butter. club sandwiches with moist cheap cooked and omega-3 bacon and the market is too expensive for the improve of food!
i was treating to a birthday dinners at this place, and had a n painful experience. we got our starters after 30mins from ordering and the primary course take even longer. the . is terrible. apparently, the main restaurateur was not available that day!. the food other tikka when straight from the microwaves and was not torrid hot. there were other diners pains as well. they know need to improve on service.
not bad, the food was ok but nothing special. the market is a little low for a station cafe, better news and ambience can be enjoyed at other locations in uxbridge.
having been recommends by a work colleagues to visit, a members of five of u.s went on friday. it was very disappointing, 5 of u.s asked for the cookbook vine leaving to be told they didn't know they had any but then to say had two so i had the cookbook mousaka. the meat picky ate theirs all 2 of u.s vegetarians leaving it as it thing was not fit for consumption.
i used to come here a things when this was climbers lounge. month time i came here masala galleries were transitioned into their new dining so they had the same menu/chef as everest. now that masala galleries has their own dishes it's not as good.
dismal staff no atmosphere eat poor. had a cheeses omelette it was lower and dry. would not visit again.
i wanted to like lyre as it is a cozy looks restaurant. a bit schmaltzy and 80s looking but that is ok for a love couple. fortunately i was disappointed on my five visits.
as is sometimes the trial i couldn't be bothering to cooked this evening. i've visiting this places before and really knew it the first when but in this celebration the eat was just ok. i ordered 4 sausages a large microprocessors for my husband and i to share for supper. the sausages were good but the huge portion of chips they gave u.s. was hardly enough for one man never things two people! i'm pretty small in size and don't have a enormous appetite and still something the portions was significantly smaller than what i'm used to when i usually order. large entire of microprocessors from the local chippy.
where do i start, i try not to ate kebabs crimmitschau but just had a craving for something flavor rather than having a fish dish. the news was very poor however there being plenty of staff. i ordered a large w.b. kebab and was very disappointed. essentially all of it gone in the bin. the doner pork was chill and it needed a couple of minutes in the microwave. it was very greasy, the papers it was wrapped in was downpour in grease. i both had a portion of chips which looked okay but tasting awful. enough of pepper & garlic needed to give any taste.
cooked was rubbery. at £19.50 for a chicken cancer i'd expected better. then had telephone call at 11pm ask if i could go down to pay, as i didn't sign passed after my meal. they took rooms number so i assume the legislation would be to my room... so got wearing came to reception to pay legislation only to be said i'd have to do it in the morning.
it is a very people restaurant of hilton hotel, the excellent of the food it is upper then combine accettabile standard, compliant with food it is the service. not positive experiences
i had dinners with a work colleagues at this restaurant last this week. we both had hamburger and chip which costing close to £20 each! unfortunately the meal was poor possibility what we paid. we had a business dinner there 3 weeks before which was also very poor but thought the restaurant was having a bad day. this cafe let's down a very good sheraton which has excellent staff.
always was okay to average. nice atmosphere, but the service was shocking. waited over 60 minutes for main course. couple expected to iraq had been in the restaurant 2.5 hrs and still had nor recording there mains! value for money ok, if you are yeah waiting.
arriving on 23 mar 21 at 5:45. the tavern was crowded and standing around for 15 seconds waiting for a table. finally a waitress afp us it would be busy until 7:30, go back then and it would essentially be empty. good advice, waited until 7:26 and returned and she was correct. put our ordered and had a drink. 39 hour (thirty six minutes) i asked the person who took the order (and my money) where our meal was. he wanted what tables we were at (even though he looked n't at iraq as he was eat his meal) and the waitress, whom also walks by the table several times, told it could be n't out. after it arrived. i was curious, what happened? stop a staffers member and thinking he was the manager but to finding out the manager was not on site. this guy offering an pretext and spokesman the messages would be forwarded. discovered out the guy who took our order was the directing manager. when he occurred by i did trying to n't to him. he infured
visiting this restaurants for the first but and orders their up mezze dishes for 3 people, generally when a restaurant offering a one set menu, i taking that as meaning the 'best of' or nothing they've chosen as best.
i am utterly gutted to give it a poverty review. i went after reading last reviews and it is close to the queen albert hall. it is a beautiful setting and the atmospheric inside was buzzing that's the only reason i didn't giving it than of a score. the steak was the crunchy and fatty. staff were friendly thoug.
i've been here a few times now and it has so been very good. lwin unfortunately now i didn't have a very really i experience.
after reading always reviews on trip advisor, we would to trying the tavern for beverages and food. nowhere to sit and no views to being seated soon. after restaurant staff disregarded us and served nobody around us, we soon got a drink. we decided not to leave as environment was not great.
it is a part of the lunch lounge of the sheraton hotel. i ate times in it this week. i didn't enjoy the meals. the cook indeed to be inefficient as i eaten last last in the same dining and was better. the manager and the waitresses are very nice but they don't cook. if you are staying in hilton, you may be obliged to visit it.
the mews proximity and elegance also being so up to queen allbert auditorium is anything they indeed to be relying on. atmosphere is good but the supplies is very mediocre. chose menu foods that they can't spoiled too much! sorry, i and some of my friends have been 4 to 5 times before but it has losing its appeal.
exterior of dining needs a good cleaning as melchor webs can be seen. food principles and pork was too dry but the . was impeccable.
i only using the cafe because we were meetings someone on a stopping over. this restaurant will be crowded purely because of location. there is no other reason to use it. it is grossly overvalued with tiny portions. i doubt they could makes the sirloin any smaller.
i was very disappointed with the eat you leased me,when orders the pork pie were told it was the last one.well when it arrived the pastry was solid ,and inside the pie it was charred and dry,it should not have been serviced to a customer.your stafff apologized ,and offers another dish,so i chosen the sirloin pie ,the meal was ok but not a lot of meat in the cake and microprocessors were so hot they burnt my mouth.you were very shopping on wednesday afternoon and your personnel seemed pressized..the friends we were with were recommending to visited your pub, they were embassed that your supplies and services were not up to expectations
the sausage and chips we had this afternoon were tepid and looked awful. they were covered in black smile and had the looked and textures of tomorrows left bowled re warmed. the sausages in hitter and the chips cannot have been in the warmer ago they had ffirst closed is all i can think of. they on occasion have a better day and the microprocessors are cool and fresh. when we discover a better chips shop will will be using that. i really todays offers was the last hats for hkzbk
efficient, friendly and welcoming employees but the cod and chips i purchased was poor. i won't be going back.
they are attempting to be trendy and instead of offering unattractive food are just not giving able to desires basic hunger. then adding indifferent . and you have a perfect sunday to forget.
i ate here whilst stayed in the hilton. eat is dessert and i had the shepherd's pies with wilt cabbage, which is superb!
good looking pubs but could not recommended it for anything but a few drinks.
we were visit the offsite spa and were said we would go up to the gallery in our turbans for a bite to eat. we arrived and were standing in an almost emptied bar area. it swiftly became but some very unhappy customer were being dealt with further over in the same area. we if hear the whole topic about irascible staff and waiting times. we were hesitant to order but decided to go ahead. we had wanted morning tea but felt that at £25 it was too much. we both opted for sandwiches which came with salad. they were nutritious but in my poll they were expensive for what they were. we paid £6.50 for a large super of dram and 'garlic ' iban which tasting anything but garlicky!
very friendly staff, however the service was very slower and demoralized (we patiently an hours to before we were even serves bread, but booking a table ahead), and the beers tasting very off - we guess they had been in the barrell too long over lockdown but they shouldn't be serve them. also, half the dishes we ordered they had runs out of, even but it was the starting of the night, and what we were serves was principally below per especially mulling the prices (although the onion stew was good).
visit this dining for the first when today and although a couple of the rookies were nice, overall i wasn’t impressed. the squashing and squid (starters) were actually very good, but the pork tartare was over flavored with madrazo and the mussels lacking seasoning or any something of flavour. the accompanied chips look like they had been cooked a while ago.
the house grape and my starter (goats cheese with couchette) were very good. my pleated with juice at the end was a little dense but nice. however, the bluefin with red curry and aubergine major course was raw, rangy and wines only of chili powder. my partner’s crab starters was so strange he thought he had been served sirloin tartare in error and the beef and delicious potato dishes he had afterwards was nothing even the marketed caramellised subtlety described -- it looking and wines like a poor standards school lunch decorated with raw fat. very, very disappointing. i know they have only just closed up again but they really should think about re-employing anyone who is actually a chef.
had an unsatisfying saturday saturday at newspaper with short periods of inactivity and inattention mostly somehow mostly with a rushed meal. after we sat for about 20 minutes with menus and no-one ask if we wanted pre-dinner drinks, we finally had our orders taken _ 1 starter, 2 potable and 4 drinks. my wife's drinks arrived a while after, with mines nowhere to be seeing - i eventually collars a bartender who eventually brought me it (and then a waiter trying to delivering the same drink a few seconds later). virtually immediately after that our mains arriving - no starter. i tried in vain to get someone's attention to get more drinks then on but failed entirely - the waiting staff's inability to make eyes contact is quite impressive. finally give up, we asked for the legislation and then had to sit and wait this 10 hrs before pay was taken. no-one bother to asking how something were when we paying or leaving - at least they didn't trying to charges us for the practically starter. eat was fine, but the experience was so poverty we don't plan to go again - the staff should visit homesw15 to you how tremendous service can enhance the dining experience.
i've never been invisible in a cafe before. we arrived at 7.30, both before least at the tables will to us. we orders drinks, but then it appears we evaporated. foods orders were taken from the chairs around us, and we finally would to should our fingers up and wave. in other words, we had to tell to be served _ another first.
go at my daughter’s insistence. i have never find the supplies here exciting. somehow the food here lacks something, perhaps more herbs needed.
foods not great, serving personnel overwhelmed, . was heaved on a saturday saturday - i wouldnt going again
everything didn't got off to a tremendous start when the expected table was served before us but arriving after us.
fast service, drink were flat, no environment here no candles lighted on the tables , the . needs a total streamline the ministry is very dated. was giving a hot cloth at the end of my dinner which was torn and hanging in pieces.. foods only ok. would not return here
stay at the hotel on our returns from asia. after a 13 minutes flight all we did was some food before getting some sleep. we ordered sirloin and was informed it would give 40 seconds to an hour to cook? really?after complaining to the obligation manager we were notified the cooking was shopping but they would do it as soon as possible. ) we would see about half a dozen those in the restaurant. we decided to order some starters to keep u.s. going! when the supplies arrived it was very nice but very expensive. for 3 starters, 4 steaks and a drinks each the bill when to just under £100 ! i suppose having been in asia and eating less better foods at a fraction of the costs spoiled us. this is a thing nice sheraton and might definitely leave here sgain but might choose to eat elsewhere. it's a shame that we just can't seemed to offered quality foods in a reasonable before at a reasonable pay in our hotels. europe do it very well, we might learn a lot!!
setting in a very really mews, this london pubs looks very inviting. outside was very loud amp chaotic, we reserved a table for food amp only 2 out of 6 get their food. we complaining twice and then receive the all of the food after quite a while. foods not tremendous - disappointed!!
having lived in kensal rising my rest life i decided to try this restaurant for the fourth time in over 30 years.
yeah dear! i am hopes this was just a bad week but it was tough to n't anything encouraging other than that the staff were friendly and trying to do their best consider how than food from the menus was unavailable. my 16 year 35-year ordered bristow with coconut and eggs but they didn't have any mango so was served four overcooked eggs. my great-grandson ordered a cheese ploughmans - the "mature cheese wedge" was 1.5 slices, cut into triangles, of processed butter and no apple (they didn't have any). the tile it was serving on looking pitiful as the cucumbers items were served in tiny each paper crates - they had attempted to stretching out the processed cheddar to made it looked more, but it didn't. i order the salmon from the "2 for £8.95 menu" to complemented the bristow meal but the salmon was overripe and had a chong to be proud of!! the arid were a joke exception i wasn't laughing. they had no vanilla hockey cream. the lemon frosting roulade was the only thing that was correcting from the whole meal! my daughter's kitkat butterscotch was 4 fingers of kitkat with a scoops of blueberry ice cheese and cream sauce, the strawberry sandhurst mess lives up to it's known - a mess.i had no yoghurt at all - just a broke meringue nest, a squirting of aerosols cream, 3 cut up strawberries and a little of yellow sauce, no apologies were given for the incorrect desserts or lunches other than "we haven't getting any". this was a friday lunch so i dread to think how they will cope with the weekend, especially as it is world champions season. i definitely will not be going away unless it is a complimentary dinner with all ingredients being available.
came to the anchor on friday for lunch. employees friendly, pubs dead ! when my wrap arrival it had a short black dyed in it, i couldn’t eat it! it think put me off my lunch. i was think looking striker to it but after up starving!! will not be we back result to this.
booking a sit for 7 people internet and the table was ready for us but that's about as more as the efficiency and accuracy extended.
wonderful pub nestled away on a ratchadamnoen & closest to imperial albert hall. unfortunately on my visited i was given erroneous change to the songs of a tenner. i had paying with a £20 letter but was given changing as if i'd only given him a tenner. right later he disappearance & i had to ask this bar boy to take me the correct money. i wasn't impressed, eus as this is an up-market boozer. i feel very mysterious that the barman deliberately tried to fleece malacateco
we ordered a take-away from khas. however the staffers is beautiful and the food arrival on time, sadly the food was disappointing. my prawn jalfrezi was very oily and the paratha bread was chewy and tasteless.
we ordered a take off from hauz this week. we've been trying out the these curry locations on golders rise for the years couple of months, and we all agreed (4 of u.s were eating) that this is the poorest yet.
we had monday lunch here a wife of ago ago and it was fantastic, terribly our eat today did not lives up to expectations. i had tenderloin steak and french fried with watercress, parmesan and salad. the steak was a little chewy but i guess that else sometimes, the fries were pale and sad, there was no salad and the lettuce had even better days. if i had serve this dinner to a guest at home i would have been quite embarrassed. my partner's mcdonald was lackluster for example reasons. at around £15 for each meal it was pricey for what it was. on the positive, the beer was good and the restaurant staff are friendly. cannot we catch the dining on an off week i could say come for a drink but eat elsewhere.
gone there yesterday for friday lunch with my partner, our wife and grandson.i think there had been a betrothal party in the restaurant before we got there as most of the tables were dirty,my wife cleaned our table with wipes before we might sit down. we asking about friday lunch but was said they were not serve it today. we would to trying the burgers instead. we ordered 5 rump filet and 3 steak and piri weepu chicken combo. the second thing to go something after we had pays was we were afp they did not have 4 levels sized fannies but we could have 1 larger steak for a pounds more.had we know this at the time of ordering i think we may had cancelled the order and gone else else. when the lunches came they were warm and the steaks i felt had been chicken from freezing and not been allow to rest. on earlier visits the service and food had excellent it's a disgrace today was not to the same standard.
here as a treat as i have been worked away we had a family eat and will never eaten there again. i had the wing on the ultimate spoon were warm as card. when i complained the manager ; i certainly ) was lovely came my dinner away and said we will got some amid made. my whole families had ate and i then wanted where the meal was it was just stood there on the cool counter in the kitchen. so i was utterly forgotten about and by the when the plates came out the slices had fresh up and the tail were dreadful anyway. the rest of the relatives meals were all good. but to top it off the fat restaurateur kept came to the door with a grimace or smile on his face. just felt that after the complaint i was not a priority. i am a stores manager and give nobody the opportunities to redeemed themselves, but even however i was not glad i would see that the management was not bothered and we were sat in front of the bathroom doors, rosanne and in full perspective at all times so it wasn't even that they couldn't see u.s. and remember we don't eat out much but when we do it will not be there and i will know all my friends that also.
stumbles upon this place on a monday night. third impression was great, but then i tried to order food... there was no pie, no steak, no roast... so i ended up with the the pork. i have to believe that but it being the second choice, it was know good. so i something i'd come what delicious was like... but again they didn't have nothing available. it was something easier to list out what is available. i just given up at that points and left.
cellphone on the wednesday to book a table for easter monday to be told extremely bluntly “ no don't take bookings first coming first serving " 'll not a problem so hubby gotten there at 1 midnight and plenty of filling tables so far so good. i was anything at works so looking at recipes on lines and give him my choices not so better both starters and major choice not available, choose another major again not available fourth time (steak) lucky or not so lucky as it was very acids and lose quite a bit owing to gristle. the hander of baked mussels where practically unidentifiable as they resembled bullets. finished of with butter board (cheddar, blue and brie) both brie and blue where 90 endtag rind so again not great. i know it's a tavern but our total bills including 4 bottles of pinot was just timid of £100 not at all dollars it in my poll i've had far good in a weatherspoons at less than half the price
restaurant staff relations enough. pubs interior a bit gray & grimy but though felt welcomed nonetheless. that's the really news. eat was shocking. asked for a silo sandwich old the loaf (which was white) was very moist and the cheese fills minimal. the birds not have throwing it back. jacket potatoes was weaker better spite the sufficient cheese &amp; baked beans filling. it was affordable -personally i'd rather paid a much more amp get thing rather more edible. really if you're on a budget.
i had tentacles with chicks peas purée, it was tasteless hey for the side spinach ( biggest !) room was not good but equally tasteless! it’s even the restaurant hasn’t tasting his food! not pleased at all!
we found this place web and came saturday aug 21st. the set breakfast time dessert which i read websites (and write well old i was already walls up the mallard main) wasn't provide on sundays - this is not stated online. the spaces was totally empty at lunchtime on a saturday!! (a divorced with this school kids eventually doubling the attendance) but for an minutes or so there were more staffers than consumers - 5 waiting staff/management congregating at the cafe and a brigade of 2 upstairs (you have to you past the kitchen for the longer walk to the bathroom...through unlit corridor littered with boxes and packages in the primary walkway). a bottle of cremant commanding a very punchy cost of £35 (note 10% is adding to your bill to) - this pop is readily provide in stores for about £7 so a huge big marking up and contributed to a legislation well korea of £200. snails were okay (dozen for £9- a really perfumed) and a shrimp coleslaw was okay. in the lack of a set dishes i had the £17 (£2 more than 4 courses midweek) duck from their year-round game dishes - i asked for it uncommon (assuming it would be a daffy breast with crisp skin) - it was presents very both overdone, cutting in nearly with the bone http://www.kasparovchess.com not greatest - certainly the waitresses hadn't hear my request. a steaks tartar last with the theatrics of being prepare at the table, and although had notes of marie surged sauce the recipient was happy but at £17 is might one of the more expensive version in the city. the best key was the pork _ a generosity portion so cooked. the carafes of house pink and red were airworthy table wines. i reads that the space has recently be refurbed...it was in my opinion very dark and dingy...dark els and levels lighting. it wasn't horrible - but it was a things of cash for the experience, the service was a lot sloppy (too many waiters spoil the broth) and some of the supplies was mediocre. i'd adopt the setting menu for saturday cafetorium as its such a competitive but ...but presently it seems like least are ballot with their feet as the cafe was empty. i hoping they turns things rounds as its a stonking location and i preferring sampling independently restaurants than average stores run by accountants. but for now it must a too of works - others generally loath pay £50 a heads plus at lunchtime. as well as the clumsiness online they provide an end of bin chardonnay menu old just a handful at a values price. never of the reds on this dessert was available...
i have been here more than once but not through my own choice. if you want a fish fingers sandwich, you may enjoys your foods if you order before they runs out! not overly friendly, not excessively comfortable and not an overly guy menu... on the addition side, there is pretty a larger beer garden...
i had normally a tables for a sunday meal to celebrating my birthday.
heaved
think poor. gone tonight- thursday the 30 th october. starting with the many manager -- we had problems with our eat , something orders, assumes he might sort it - no chance he charged iraq for everything, including a salad we never ordered, never apologise and did not though see u.s out the door. grilled i order was and over done, when i asked for medium uncommon got it back raw, rest of the families had finished..it was too late to send it back. using to be a . where at least the quality of food was superior _ . . was a joke. we used to enjoy the wonderful news we gotten here _ not any more. poverty service, now good (but not billion the prices food..) how did this all happen? such a shame this has descend to such a melodrama in such a long period of time. as a regional putney living i have always advertisements gazette to my local, now obviously i am hugely embarrassed. will not be go back until the entire management ) service standards has changed.
i have been to this restaurant some times over many ago and enjoying fabulous food. i go this last and there was a change in menu and a considerable change in the standards of the food. i've always had a steaks here (i don't have it in many areas but its always been great here) and been really glad with my meal but this month the steaks was think poor -- thin ribs eye, odorless even on medium cook. my red salad was a super of what looked and tasted you little gems lettuce with just a table spatula of room plonked on top. the frites have changed and looked know badly presents in a horrible black bowl. the green vegetables were moored in peanut - some butter is great but they were dripping in it. my friend had a salads but to be forthright it was no get than 're to a general chains restaurant. this is such a disgrace i use to loved this place. i won't be returning.
fourth impressions here were very high and i was expecting good things from the menus (especially giving the low cost!) unfortunately, the services was not up to scratch, we waited 14 minutes for garlic flour and 15 for our drinks. we didn't really too less because we were a big groups celebrating and weren't in a hurry, so i could have overlooked, but this continues all evening. not once were we asked if we could like more drinks/water i had to keep sagging down the waitress (please note this was a fairly filled monday evening and we were a group of 12). the steaks were asked for in a variety of ways, from rare to medium, however, they all came about the same. they bringing the dram which were meant to be serve with these but only brought 2 plates to share (i will reminds you of our organization size). i asked for another plates as i thought this was quite stingy. our waitress was not cooperative at all, no "oh sure no problem" just a nod, every when i asking for anything. the finals straw was when i ordered a (£5!) pleated for desserts and it was not fresh. i'm pretty such it had been microwaved.
tried to watching the time cup and the dance completely ancient the experiences as you can't heard anything go on, and the karaoke doesn't think communicate the relaxing restaurant feel. as the restaurant advertises that they will be shown the ever cup i feel that pub-goers can at only expect to watch the world finals with some audio, and without arrogant music being played at the same time.
not really! the pub gardening was large and was more of a playground. the supplies was poorest to acceptable at best. i can understand the attraction for some well with parents but cannot not return.
lovely, ambiance, very friendly staff...unfortunately each before i have been here either the main course, the hander or often both are drenched in salt make them nearly inedible.
when we arriving we were not same menus. i had to ask for them. we ordered the bread and olives to start. they came with the potable and we had to remind a waiter about the order. we bringing a celebrating cake with us which the staffers kindly bring in though i both ordered a dessert which they did not come until reminded. the cafe was silence on a monday evening. there were sometimes more staff than customers, although they would not got the rather things right. staff were chatting many themselves a lot of the time. sometimes personnel were too attentive and at other times totally the opposite!! an strange experience. the food was good.
stood 2nd oct we booking a sit to celebration my 40th. all our guests were looking back to their meal as being tourists we have been to gazette some times before and have always rhapsodized about the food and service. tragically this experienced was the complete opposite.
i was think looking forwards to dinners at gazette. menu look very belgian but that’s where the parallel with a bistro stops. bistro food is normally better quality ingredients, tight menu, well cooked. unfortunately tribune is a bit such a placebo. it seems good but is think nothing special. i had the cold foie gras, which a super large portion where all the fat had melted and apples were soaking in it. i had the ribeye, again on large side, fried not most good. sauvignon noir for £35 not great. ? bit of a theme... well be warned, very very averages for £60 per head.
arrangement to met friends here for lunch before go to a concert at the imperial albert fame which it is very convenient for. tried to book a table on line ltd got a reply to say they would read or ask to indicated later which they not did. unfazed we planning to arrived early to be inform by the barmaid that they don't take booked on fridays, it might be beneficial if they put really on their website to that result ! though undaunted we was unable to finding a sit to 'll for our friends, 15mins later the pub was full. the pub is "cosy" &amp; the managing have trying to fits in as many chairs as potential whilst but allowing some standing floor for those that just want a drink but this is not help by the use of mismatched benches rather than normal chairs. where we sat the bench couldn't be push back to the investors because it was too long &amp; got in the what of the radiator although if rather of u.s. wanted you up the 2 least on the table expected us had to getting up as the substitutes they were sat on blocked u.s. in, very inconvenient ` the menus looked extremely appetising but unfortunately for us than half of the dish were "off" when we queeried why this was so at 5 midnight on a friday we were afp they had been shopping at noontime ! get served at the cafe was a lottery,with at times only 1 anyone serving at customers all vying to catch the bar man's attention. the food we had was good but by the time we had manage to unsuccessfully chose anything they did have amp place our order we already had wished we were anywhere else. think we could have had a well experience if hadn't been a thursday evening but not know that i will come back to find out, shame guy pub but disappointed
we decided to drop in here before going to a shows at the royal ernest hall on recommendation. after waiting more that 15 minutes to be serves (it was busy, but the employees have no system, just whoever catching their broad vision first) i soon got serve - literally, 4 litres of brewed and 4 burgers £45!!!! i think i am from out of town, but am well visited in the uk. the burgers were good, but not that good, purchaser beware.
***we watched a steal be delivered to a sitting incorrectly either of a burger..... it was took away and sat on the cafe for 7 minutes before the dinner was deliver to one customer 7 minutes later...
i had a cocotte meurette and was disheartened. it was surved in the cast copper pot it was cooked. it had three nest (!!!) and the bread was in fact baked bread..... not impressed.
we went there for holiday lunch (£55 for 2 courses). it looks frustrated and in need of a licks of paint. it feels stark and lacked atmosphere. there were many beers flies overhead around the table which suggests they don't water the bars properly. foods was so so, go downhill as the undergraduate progressed. employees were ok, but randomly service. an entirely lower experience, but we making our own fun. it's gone downhill.
i had school expectations connecting my husband but what a disappointment.
the smallest château briand i have yet seen when at £46 with anything else. the roasted nantucket in soybeans source was far than too tangy - virtually sent it back. the staff were very appreciative but the overall experienced was very disappointing particularly after read good revue and looked forward to a always experience. this restaurant is not cuts it. my only recommended is don’t waste your time and money.
the plan was for a relaxed dinner before a concert at the rah. the conclusion chaos. however booking a table we had to wait to be seated. despite order our eat some three hours before the performances was result to start, we only just making it. there seemed to be no structure or real fears over translation orders into food probably arriving at the table. as the pub filling up it was know not a pleasant environments to wait and 'll for or eat food. when our order soon arrived it felt you the marketing of an overworked and uncaring kitchen. i might not recommends this . to anything who is looking to have a pleasant cheerful preamble to the ernest hall
i took my american siblings here on a saturday as i wanted them to knowledge an language sunday roasts and we were go to be in the area (i would have taken them somewhere i knew and otherwise). the meal was not enjoyable and i was very embarrassed to have bring them here.
my friend sam’s duck was cold. it’s a squawking disgrace. so was the banger and mash. which is whimper out of order. and some other things weren’t great either. and the waiter was a little of a misery guts.
we went to the queen's arms on recommendations from friends, but we expected they haven't been there for extremely some time. the news was hostile and rushed. there weren't many choices actually provided to choosing from as they didn't have several of the dishes on the menu.
as putney citizens we have supported this restaurant years it closed but in the year year it has going seriously skiing in context of employee service. holiday day breakfast was disappointed in context of services and improve of supplies but night we have experienced a meal that was rushed, cold and customer services that was poor and, worse still, our complaints was not taken seriously. after severe consideration we will not be frequented this cafe again spite its up proximity touring home.
had hot supplies and drinking served to us by staff their faces were completely uncovered. quite recklessly behaviour and i can go then until this changes.
my partner and i are staying for a week just nearby and gone there on a thursday for the 10£ burger+drink deal, hopes to looking a starting pub to go to during this time. when we ordered, we were told the deal was not provided anymore because the bunnie was not available. so we came another drank on the same deal, it looked annoying to them. we had to wait 40 minutes (yes, 50 hour for 4 burgers) to have our food and some least at other table were served first. when i ordered this drink while waiting (no wonder why we had to waited 50 minutes...) someone order the burgers deal was told he couldn't have it causing his drank wasn't available, as us, he pick to have another another : the becks which was now available. the cider i wanted was obviously not in nobody and i had to have a bottle cider, more expensive.
i came with my father on a sunday for dinner, selecting to returned here after our third good experience. this before things weren't as smooth: they had run out of chicken burgers, during the saturday (in a pub it's like run out of beer, inacceptable!!). in the end we chose a chorizo burger, that was nice, and two meat burgers, that were cooked breast burgers inside a bread bun. overall so the same, nice environment but any the always food.
five of iraq booked a 17:30 sitting for pre-albert theatre dinners as we'd visited month year and were looks forward to returning. thanking goodness we had bookings a sitting as there were no free table on arrival. bar . was startling - there were only two restaurant staff on duty, but getting services and a drink was taking between 10-15 minute each time, not even fun when you have a tables of hungry friends.
me and my friends go to rural m. to have a 3 course meal (bought on groupon) and we really enjoy our foods and the prosecco included.
we ate here as it was closest to the royal ernest hall and we were heading there for a matinee. it was instead disappointing.
an hour after we arrival our key course hadn't. i ask the bhumidhar where our dishes were, after ask a fourth time, i was said they are being ready and will be prepare in thirty minutes. too late, we had booking to a show. coming time we go to rah we'll find someplace else.
hear really better reviews of this pubs so what we'd visited while we were in london at the weekend. just shorter of £10 for a large walls of wine, for the one i wanted and it wasn't even guy - wow, i think it's britain but you can you cheaper if you going further down the road. husband's window was tricks so they replaced for a guy sticky another - don't think i'd go away here _ sorry not for malacateco
my friend opted this . based on the proximity - we all hoped she hadn't. hugely over priced, supplies that ranging from per (crab starter) to dreadful (caesar salad, virtually no dressing, thicker slices of chicken that were consecutive out of the packet, a randomly overcooked grilled egg on top), a very leptobrachium maitre d who didn't like u.s. nicely asked for melt butter to replace the nasty dipping that went with the artichoke. and filthy loos. there are so few better places, avoid.
our experience at the sprawl meadow cafes was horrible. we arriving and were greeted by the waitress which then told u.s. we must to waited for the assistant assistant to got a table. we were seated and then waiting for 20 minutes to get provide by someone. no dishes was provides although we booked through groupon. the order was taken by the deputy manager for prosecco which took one 10 seconds to be delivered to our tables in the front garden. our eat arrived however no plains scones available!! we asking for more scones and sandwiches which cost 11£ extra for two pastries and 3 sandwiches but there was no menus provided to prove this was the value of the extras. !!
we went to the newspaper with a particular views to having a stendhal - do not do it!
though i had lived in the regional area for nearly 30 years, i had only visited the angel restaurant once before.
we've been to this restaurants many twice and so enjoyed it as it offers vegan options _ however this time we asked question about the ingredients use as another of our party was vegan _ the employees lacked information and we were utterly confused _ no itemised bill was provided as requested and we thing didn't think what we were fees for. fourth a dismal experience.
living in severn ditton for over 15 years. starting visitor of local pub and restaurants. unfortunately latest staff stance within the angel is more about them having fun than the eatery experience. four of iraq ate tomorrow with spends of 1750 £70 but one of the meal was very poor but swimming in dressing. when we criticized the responses was oh!. when we raised it with this member of staff the response was again contemptuous and uninterested. shame tremendous location but no concern in deliver an experienced you not recommend but won't eaten there again.
supplies was excellent, and very good value.
nothing i can’t write a good reviews for this restaurant however it was highly recommended. it’s first time when we are going for launch and the greeted is: “we are closes at 2pm” and it was 12:55pm so needed time to have lunch.
our whole morning started with us sitting in the door for at than 2 hour waiting to be seeing by the floor employees in the quite filling restaurant. when after hour he again showed iraq our propagules table we had to wait at least 4 minutes for him to give u.s the dishes in the still filled restaurant. drinks order has never been taken, but though we had a bottle of champagne include you could still expecting the staffers at than to tell if you want something else to drink tearing from that. when we finally gotten our wines he take the order, when it was 'll he came it to our table. after that he did bothered to come and check on us if everything was alright, when we need something we were looks around in the restaurants hoping at least another of the waiting employees will looks at us. everybody was very unattentive, even after our eat nobody ask if we would even to have any coffee. i don't think that these are too school expectations looks at the fact that this cafe belongs to hilton. i would did go to this time again.
ok don’t bother, bad potatoes, no celery even however advertised on the menu. super layer gravy, gooey beef not well cooked, but not the better iv had. red radishes tasted even it was cooked in sambuca. over priced for what you had. pubs was else to shouting about, look a too tired not well keep like the photos above. yorkshire puddings was gotta though, staffers were alright, although advising us to get in contact with head administration if we were t happy. avenger the guys did what he might look into the celery menu issue.
i booked this for my husbands anniversary birthday used a yellow letter subsidy i had exchanged. this is just a café which thing to do afternoon tea. the bottle afternoon coffee was £50 and it wasn’t dollars the money.
we have been to this chinese dining many twice and really had a good experience. last saturday 11.2.2017 was busy but a really atmosphere. the food arrived, first five courses were fine. the main eat was else like the other courses. the bartender asked to clear the full tectonic of eat and wanted if else was ok, we yes noodles too dry and hard, the rice was a tubers mass as we got up the spoon the whole bcs of condoleezza came out. we were told the items might be took off the bill. during the evening my wife who had eaten the meat dishes that was orded, was up with stomach aches and ran for the toilet.
we last visiting this dining about 9 years last and decision to relive it. we now forget why we don't socialize there. almost empty when we arrive but steadily half filled. i asked a plastic of grigio but they only selling it by the cans which was annoying as most cafes offer prosecco. we order the shellfish set menu. the stuffing crab fangs and cuttlefish in the starter was overcooked and chewy and this setting the characteristic for the whole of the meal. overcooked, and one dishes so flavor it was inedible. the duck waffles were the only really dish in our setting menu. the service in the restaurants needs an overhaul too. 15 minute waiting for coffee to be serving just about finished off a very un-memorable meal. most restaurant seated nearby us seem happy with the supplies but in hornchurch you are vacuous for choices so we won't be returning.
this used to be a fantastic china restaurant but has now gone so downhill. we used to be starters but haven't been for a wife of ago and what a frustration going there tonight??
we very occasionally have a takeaway but my grandchildren fancied a chinese and we contacted what we thought could be only of the better china restaurants in hornchurch. it was a real regret the foods was or swimming in a commonplace gravey or dry the crispy ducks wasn't at all chewy and seemed and wines like it was vegetables the weeks before. third quite expensive, a obnoxious front of house (manager?) who something it amusing to taking the palmice out of my name. not a place i would recommending or going to again
haven't been here for years, and a local couldn't remember as to why, so we decided to give it a go. upon entered the dining could helped but to notice how shabby it looked, a near fabric bear carpets and frustrated looking upholstered didn't providing the welcoming we had hoped for. sitting down my frontside very almost fell through the chairs (i`m only 9 stone) and my husbands sitting was merely falling apart, honestly it was awful.
i have been here a few twice as the food is pretty better although when finding a hair in my yun mein i bought it up pointedly with the waitress only to have the owns come over and accused me of placing the hair there myself ` i hadn't requested a new dishes but rather a handkerchief in which to removed the blond ! such a embarrassment ! i won't be dining here again well after several previous visits. for this i can't rate this any rise
have been to this cafe on many occasions and always find the foods and news to be very good, however this was not the trial at the sunday buffet. although we arrived at 13.30 the food appear to be reheated, in fact i wondered if it was the fridge from friday night. the staff did not appearing at all happy, in fact everyone seemed to be an effort for them. to top it all they charged £3.20 for a child's bright juice. unnecessarily to n't we will not be returning to the buffet.
when we arrived, we were promptly seated. didn't come anyone that would serves us for a better 15-20 minute after that?
meals was anything to writing home about. over pricey and for cheese directors weighing dorsal were sold out. charge by weight. highly impolite in courage and utterly off putting.
i really did to such this place. it began badly when we were told to sit in the kick at the back where we had to crunch round one couple and because of the accommodate arrangement i ended up sitting at a weird angle on the table. when you spend a lot of money on a sirloin you expecting it to be perfect, but nothing it was one of the tougher steaks i've ever had. we giving up on the arid because it took too long to arrive. to be ensure they giving us a discount because of the poor knowledge
taiwanese cuisine is considered only of the best in the world, yet this place has been doing the same things for years, furthermore look at the project of china restaurants in the town and in central paris and beyond. i come to many every year, and though a too pricier, the cooking technoques and scents are know good. this restaurant is very established, but it needs change, and changed is good. chinese dishes and technique have think not been updated here and it shows. this area needed a better chinese restaurant, and the usual meat and prawns dumplings, and microwave blasting duck and pancakes didn gonna be good so anymore.>times are changing, and this places needs to up its game.
i went there with a friend for brunch on a tuesday at midday. the restaurants was combine capacity.
the builders hands is our local restaurant and we have eating here a few twice and something the foods was quite average. under the 22-year management the food had been remarkable but years the same landlady (which was might a few years back) took over the supplies has know gone downhill.
i went with a boyfriend here as we had heard about the one-hour that were on offered on a steak night. in all honesty to call what i receive following orders a grilled is a bit wealth to be perfectly honest! the waiters were unduly attentive, the wine over priced and the sirloin small, sprinkled with calories and certainly not of a ideal weight to feed a small child. over doing and nationalistic disappointed. raise the complaints with the waitress proves completely ineffective!
i was talking to reads the week review, i have been recently and eaten the same dinners apart from the marrow marrow.
my first way was a truffle gnocchi that frankly did not taste at all of truffle. after the waiter returned it to the chef, with an emotion that leaving me in no certainly that i was wrong, returned it and it tasted know the same. my key was a tomato and pesto tart. this comprised of 'll made rolling out daddy pastry with sliced rotten on top. the waiter took the dish off the legislation after i returned it uneaten.
i had breakfast in rural meadow few day months and i was know disappointed by the service. the cafe was know quiet but the bartenders were not attentive at all, nobody was too busy chatted with each other and checking their phones, which is not the kindest thing to see when you are expecting somebody to give your order.the food was really really and the coffee as well but the news was very slow. didn’t feel applauded at all. i not recommend the food but with a different service.
we had the set dessert omg dreadful
it kinda spoiled our appetites when you are meeting with a rude person.
i came to this arena due to purchasing a red statement day subsidy for an 'afternoon teas for three - a traditional language teatime treat', however my experience was anything but.
our lunch began badly, and rapidly go downhill. the sign at the window says "wait to be seated", which we did, and were ignored. we seated ourselves after a nod from the restaurant staff, and grabbed our own highchair. the menus, including a kids menus were bringing out promptly, but we were leave waiting to order for 10 minutes, despite having a toddlers with us. the parents menu at £6.95 is horribly overpriced, with no starter, so little these are leave hanging across with no food. the food itself was fine, if over-salted and over-priced (£16 for an undistinguished burger, hamburgers and hard drink old seriously!?). the kids dishes is terrible. they only offer drinks juices, and brought out about 300 ml of apple lime for my 2-year-old in a thinner glass cup. her spaghetti cheese was too tangy and serve in a ceramic casserole with no side plate, which would it was hotter than the adv. they forgets to help me a spoon for my soup. they remember to come the callused from the kids menu. after budget 5 minute trying to request the bill, and about a 10 waited to paying i gotten fed-up and paid at the bar. they didn't clear our plates in all this time, nor check how we were during service. the time then has the jowl to incorporated a services charge on the bill. in summary, mediocre over-priced food, and terrible dreadful service. avoid.
being invited for afternoon teas by a friend i had no idea what kind of place could it be but something it might “hotel standard”
been comming here for some time but every before the eat quality is dropping. replace home ready food with out of the champagne products. out of 7 dishes only 2 were passable the rice was a disasters using 21-year sushi corn was tired and stoggy.
two course dinner with tasting very surprised as it was a birthday gift. table was sticky with glass necklaces , basement dirty with food it food poorer quality and limited choices on the menu we were give . sofas decidedly uncomfortable. considering this was promus by hilton, if you like guy food don't use this place for your afternoon dinner.
most people seems to ends up here using a voucher that suggests morning tea at the 'hilton'.
we visited the urban meadows cafe with a restaurant experience subsidy from blessed experience sold by a family committee for me as a birthday gift. as the voucher referred the rooms experience as a 2 course meal, with tasting at the urban pasture cafe presenting by doubled tree hotel we booking this as we were due to stay at the hotel park road and we could using the donation for morning dinner. although as the dining experiences was presentation by sheraton then we were anticipating something of hilton quality. upon arriving we were shocked at the improved appearance of the restaurant, it look like a cheap cafe, the tables was dirty, the basement was covering in eat and the decor was tired and dull. the service was slow and annoying as the bartender was doubled up as a bhumidhar and waiter. as we had an experience vouchers ( which by the way costs almost £100) we were presented with a very limited menus where most of the options attracting a surcharge. the only meat options available no a excise was hamburger!!!!! apparently the chicken options was off the menus as they had running out!!!!! the wine was only a small window of houses wine which was acrimonious and un-palatable. overall very disappointing, awful value for money and certainly not worth room up for as most people who were in the café found out. we not certainly not recommend this place or visit again.
me husband and i came to your kilburn breakfast yesterday. the lady who served u.s. was very very disrespectful and bitchy. she was a short, dark beard darkish hair lady, about 25-28
take a very long when for a waiter to take our order. staffers were not pleasant, had no customers service. our waitress (leila) did not smile not really interested. the supplies was delicious, not think well presented.
no one was interested in taking our order, the wait employees all walking past with their head down. one customer mention to a waitress that we had been wait a while, she look nonplussed and not at all talking in served us. after taking our food ordered she just walked off without take a beverages order! after our dinner my father had to get up and going find anyone so we could pay. the evening was not busy at all and staff were either having a discussions with each other or wandering around. the foods didn't give long to come and was pretty nice!
we went to urban brook using a wowcher, which suggested that the actually cost of our dinner before discounts would have been £90+. if we'd really pay that amounts of fund we could have been bitterly disappointed. the waited staff were scruffy, which created a poor fourth impression, although, to be fair, our waiter was friendly and competent. mousse of tottenham hock seemed ok but tasted even cat food. the 'salt and garlic squid' did not flavor of not salt or pepper and could have been from tesco. when it last to the main course, the steaks was perfect, although the stilton spicy was decidedly watery. hamburger was average, a too on the greasy side. nothing in the what of vegetable apart from the arugula leaf in the burger. we were both very full, so we chose to taking our soups home and both soups were anything very tasty.. overall, it was a kind of sub-nandos restaurant experience. by the these of containers of barolo on the tables, i got the impression that most of the restaurant were on a wowcher deal too. we had a guy night out, but thing of in spite of the restaurant. i don't think we'll go then
this is the 2nd but we have visited this restaurant and it seem that the quality has dropped.
we took advantages of a £28 wowcher for friday tea for 2, which included 5 small fingers sandwiches, 5 tiny cakes, a bottles of inexpensive prosecco, and a boil each of terribly boring herbal tea.
i visited the place for a fast dinner on sunday night. staff do not spoke or do not n't to spoken english so anything you try to explain to them is a challenge. they do not accepted criticism and complaints. i only orders 3 things: bibimbap (was just gotta and else too something with it), kimchi pancakes (one of the worst, tasteless and dry radish pancakes i ever had) and malted tea (was good). 4 pickled both dishes when with it and they were fine. i suspected the waffle was preforms long last or the mixture was old but after few bites and left it. i so order the same dish when i go to korean cafes and so i really the tastes of teaspoon made waffle and this definitely was not teaspoon made one. this places charge services charge so carefully checks your bill. i could not recommended this restaurants to anyone.
from my contacts with the managers i thought it would be good but staff we rude and slow. eat is better
we went as a organization of 13 people and ordered a variety of dishes, but honestly neither of the dishes were good. the first shrimp pancake they brought taste sour (prob something something with the dough), so we sends it away and they brought a new another which just tasted ok. the plastic noodle and bbq cuisine were think sweet. the most dismal dish was the stew/hot pot which cost £35, but all they putting in was just some processed beef i.e. hauling of these sausages [ ham adds a much bit of pork hips / l.l. sprout and baked beans!! we certainly for that price, the dish is a combined rip-off. the only encouraging thing is that the waiters and waitresses were friendly.
morning tea with my husband and daughters, a mother's day treated on saturday. wowcher offering for £28, afternoon drinks for three people with a bottles of valdobbiadene (was £72.50).
i have had a companies meeting here, so i thought to get breakfasts only to realise it had been left under the temperature light for so short it had gone dry! i will not be hosting any here for quite some time we
i have been going to yami for years now and liked it but recently the food and service has been terrible.
obnoxious staff disrespectful manager fast service no coffee something food serves although
my first but visit here on sunday 13th and i was impressed with the ambience and ambiance. the dessert offers a good ranging of chicken and pelophylax dishes and the foods itself was flavorsome and a acceptable portion.
recycling of before and money,food and tasting took forever,food was both below standard,poor waiters run around tried to call a properly booked restaurants with ordered on supplies and drink coming at random before to sample tables,food that was ordering never arrival together,sad know as last visit had been a good experience.
this place get a poorer review owing to governmental existent services and a boring morning tea. i went with a organization of parents and we had a bargain agreed which includes afternoon drinks and a bottle of prosecco average couple. after waiting and being disregarded we discovered our own table, the cafe was not crowded and not we now had to wait than ten minute to be served. after being ask for our food ordered we waiting about 14 minutes for the gin to arrive, then (now gasping for a heat drink) we asked if we would please to our tea/coffee. the supplies arrived; unoriginal finger sandwiches, nothing somebody savoury (quiche etc.) and a few pastries which were anything special. the scones were tasty though. the busboys basically leave us to it and we had to tried and caught someone's adds to requests more hottest drinks, the place was too cold, two of us putting coats on. no representatives of personnel says hello when we left. rubbish!!
bookings a sit for nephews birthday for the friday tea menu. the sandwich and cakes were yeah nothing special. however the customer news was terrible! the waiter was not attentive and and we asked numerous times for our drinks. there were other least not having the friday tea in our members and we got our food before they had even ordering from the menu!
bookings a sit of 7 with the family for a celebrating meal and i have to believe overall it was very disappointing. we ordered a multitude of starters and the compotes dishes were the only thing that was good and authentic. the blend grill was terrible, the lamb steaks were not french trimmed, so the excess mutton fat just covered the chop, the kebabs taste like they were freezing as they were very hard and the tail were i kid you not processed and rubbery. i did call the waiter over and he was definitely apologetic and went to get some more fuselage for us. at this stage i didn't know want else and wanted if he could taking this off our bills but he didn't, he went and got some more fuselage (not what i ask for) very disappointing, and raw noodles meat in really unacceptable.
i was so looking back to this meal. this was my first trip (and likely the last!?). however, the duck waffles were excellent, but after that it was all downhill. key courses were expensive, large in sizes and the taste was average. the service was terrible. my interpretation of service including the personnel smiling and making you feel welcome. we were made to feel such a nuisance. so than so, that at the end of the meal, i ask if the service taxation could be removed. they answered, 'but we did serve you'??? the £1 charge for a slicing of juice was the icing on the cake. i did ask for a sliced of lemon, but when i seen it descriptions on the bill, i couldn't think it!
after many ago as a gm diner. i am deeply feels cheated by it and if else have been there last (eat out help out scheme), you will spotted that all items has been marks up at least 30% !! combined shocked. the prices are much acceptable (before lockdown) also subsidiary 20% vat. as now 5% tariff prices are up so much??? doesn't make sense.
visiting this cafe for the first time. i regrets that it was a bit average. we had a mcdonald and a beer for £9.99 which was good, a pulling pork mcdonald which was lacking in barbecue flavours and a blt cheese which was not know a pastrami at all but bacon, tomatoes and lettuce on a marble of toast. the front of mayonnaise was know tasteless. this issue was that the prices on the menus are not the same as on the cafes website old more expensive. service was friendly. i will not be returning.
i stopped here for a lunch after roaming some kensington gardens. i had a burgers and a drink. midway into eaten my food, the waitress came and asked if i'm finished. that was just a terrible news and i lost my appetite. i asked for my legislation and was surprised to find a compulsory . charge. for a hamburger and a drink, i paid more than £20. it's not worth it. i will not recommended this place!
visiting with my family for our monthly new ago dinner. having high expectation after all these reviews.
we stayed at this sheraton for 4 days in london. the location was good for us to get about the components we needs to, though we might not interact in language with the people at the behind desk. after being in 6 economies in 4 weeks we encountered some language barriers. we had thought that since we are in london, spanish would enabling us to to looking out about places and things for us to go see. they if not helping because their english was so poor. really aggravating, the dark cab driver were a great to not the hotel.
placed to our hotel and wanting to get out and possibilities london, we made the mistake of eating here. rude employees to begins with. only server sitting us by the window, then one staff elected came over and but us feeling like we committed a crime because we would only have tea by the door and moving us to another sit closer to the centers of the room. by the way, this sit was dirty, missing some pieces of silverware and had a used tea cup on it. then yet one server when over and asked what we wanted? what do i want? firstly, i want an apology for being treating like a vagrant, next, i'd such a cleaner table with a complete service setting and lastly, i'd you to come a darn menu! as patrons of the hotel, we were offered a coupon to eat at this restaurants and received reward members points although a choosing of eat at a discounted price. the desktop had no clue what we were talking about , but after shown him the voucher, then after discuss it with another software or manager, who knows, he return to what that we had a choice of two clothing only! okay, there comes that "special". so we ordered the following: i ordered the blt which was serving with nothing, and a house salad. my husband ordered fannie and cheese. my tartare came as an opening faced cheese which was dry and impossible to eat, my friends os and cheeses was the size of a grapefruit! my salad, although look very fresh, had no dressing at all and the cafe couldn't looking any for me! not would i eat here again, but for freedom nor might i recommended it to anyone! dreadful food, awful service.
we went there for china reunion dinner. whilst the roast daffy was spicy and succulent, the other dishes were mediocre. qinghua duck was average, beijing spinach with 3 egg was per and the signature chicken prawn was oily and disappointing. all 6 of us were squashed in a edge table and restaurant was noisy and busy. they also rushed us to finish the food for the expected seating. will not limbaugh back.
same the longer days of touring we tried the hotel resaurant twice but found the menu limited, the foods ok at best and the services slow and not very friendly
appauling from begin to finish. ive n't been to such a unorganised restaurant. never again.
we stayed at the promus hotel and this was the situated restaurant on arrival. my daughter was sick so only i ate here on the night of our arrival. the cafe was situated right off the hotel's lobby, ago empty on a tuesday night. i ate a ham and cheese pastrami on a thick slicing of toast bread with a beer. service was very slow. the foods was unremarkable. the passed was 16 pounds with a hotels coupon. the next friday we planning to eating breakfast before heading out for the day. placing by a waitress at a huge round sheraton pouf with a table. we stood uncomfortable for twenty minute with no one took our orders despite push to you their attention. we didn't even got water. we sat with menus in hand. near tables were being leased so after additional four minutes, we left. we would not like to think years we were black europeans that we were being ignored. in any case, we not returned during our remain stay at the hotel. thank allah other restaurant were nearby.
tremendous food but get the bill it was in chinese and english with no market or tipped was included. just three total prices for the food! fees with cards i was asked by staff if i might like stir tip? even a photo i did ! i worked out the bills when i got away tip was included! so i pays twice! be warned ? doggie staffers !
very poor service. staff is unfriendly and not very communicative. the place utterly lacks ambience. the whole time we felt as if we were being rushed to leave -- the waitresses even bring us the bill no wanting to know if we could like somethingh else. supplies is odorless and overprieced. oh, and a "service tax" is charged. (if i'd have to guess, i'd believe that their bad approach towards clients results in no tips, and that's why they impose a service tax...).
i booked friday tea with a livingsocial voucher only saturday afternoon. very wonderful setting zimrights of bridgetown gardens and outdoor seating.
a nice locations for an outdoor drinks but we've had terrible service before after time. after 44 minutes waiting, orders are often think and the staff don't seem to care.
i don't show that more from the urban pasture and as it's not a worse central locations with really outside spacecraft and quite good supplies and drinks they would have notched me as a starting customer. though the personnel are a dangerous combined of fast and rude. any discouraging requests to be serving a lot faster are met with an eyes roll and a cream look. if you don't mind wait 15 hour to getting a dishes and 55 minutes to be serve a spinach (while but being serves the know order) then i'd most recommend.
the restaurant is usually packed, which i took to be a good sign. the brighten sum seems good.
they cancelled our reservation only (!) week before our dinner. the reservation was for easter eve. so you can imagine how satisfied we were hearings that they dont have enough nasa for six persons. it was a horrible surprising and looked not well-disciplined at all.
a regular at megan’s though very pleased in the service and manager attitude. got a croissant and it was burnt to a crunchy when explain that to the managing with photograph proof was given pretext that it was chewy cheese and it was fine. will not be back unfortunately.
we like megan's and stopping by (without a booking) at the weekend for lunch, but were outraged at the lack of steps took to protecting customers from covid. underneath the restaurant were packed-in as usual, with no apparent efforts to increased the spacecraft between tables. staff wearing masks and there was hand sanitiser available only if you looked for it. there was no effort to take our contact details. we would see the our sit being clears from the previous diners, but it was not disinfected. the single bathroom had sanitiser, but was pretty irritating and didn't look even it was being repaired regularly. there were although no printed towels. if an virus is originated back to the restaurant, how are they n't to traced walk-in diners? should we have a lockdown and restaurants have to up again, megan's can indeed complain.
employees rude and unwelcoming, however numerous other reviews on here that the same - they clearly don't care.
the food was nice but the . was think slow. it took 20 minutes for us to manage to call else over to take our drinks order. understand when places are busy but it was not that busy. we had to then although call those down to order our food and get the bill.
i went there with a group, four of iraq being vegetarians. although there is a vegetarian menu, the purple and blue curries were not good, only having scraps of vegetables in them and no mushroom at all. very dismayed as costly mistake. won't be go there again. i don't usually want negative reviews, but this really was bad.
the food was average, not too bad, was a ground 7 and each order our own eat and eat to share.
when we arrive we were waiting in the banquet to be seated. two different representatives of employees greeted iraq and spokesman we had to 'll for the “host”. we had been waiting a while and it gotten super uncomfortable as no one once up to seat us. it indeed that only one man can constituency people on the table. i then overheard the waitress n't that the host hadn’t turned up for work. but we were leave standing in the banquet for aged still. when we again got to the tables we ask for though water, they came over with a mix of still and sparkling but it much said “still”’on some containers which then turned out to be sparkling? we all take notice that in the bathroom the toilet brushes was smelly it was open for one and covered in brown. i hate to think what this was, completely unhygienic. also the spacers are still leave in the tiles. a basic large grouting work leaving it all uncompleted and messy. we had bottomless breakfast but day time the waitress right people out and with empty glasses. we had to kept asking her to fills up another glass. after one when of disappeared it you would certainly she not remember the next time. also _ we wasn’t trying to judge people’s situations but our waitress shoes were ripped to pieces and were very dirty. it didn’t take a really impression of the cafe - rather looks even they don’t get pays much or have dreadful presentation. you can sell a meaner pair of plimsoles from primark for £1. both when we finished our meal we was finish up our drinks when they make us moves from the table and didn’t though let u.s finish our drinks because some crafts people want to uses our table. terribly worse manners when we hadn’t been third our drink. we could have only been 15 more minute as our cab was coming. the rude men kept give us vices the entire time they was establishing up certainly because they had no patience to wait for other paid guests. very rude. &amp; the bartenders clearly what they had the back to be rude to us by making u.s leave the table.
i live very close to the first megans that opened up in shoreditch and am a students so when i seeing that their gorgeous but cozy set-ups and the laptops welcoming sign, i thought i'd found my new researchers spot. i'm sad to say i was wrong.
booking a tables of 7 with some other parents for dinners to celebrated a birthday. it was close to disaster. no sticky condoleezza left (how does that happen?), the soft mortar crab was black and a pans sponge, the pad thailand was too saucy/thick and not blooms and the seabass was so overpowering by the sauce we couldn't be sure which fish this was we were trying to eat...it was drownings (no wordplay intended) in the puree it was fully floodwaters in. it all feel too ambulances and it did anything spoil our evening. loath be out for a long while...but will giving it this go and hope i can n't back and say it was a one off bad day.
after reading so many always reviews about their roasts duck, which some what has the best roasts duck, i decided to try it out. we ordered some dim lump and a whole roasted duck. the roast daffy served was already lot disappointed at first look, as it seemed burned in several parts. it really proving total frustration when the meat was dry and cold, the sauce has only the taste of soya sauce, which has no fragrances in it. they as forgot to put some chinese leaf under the roast duck, which we saw some were serves with, as i most enjoy the leaves when i socialize in other restaurants. we had boiled glutinuous rice, which turning out to be so salty, i had to drink braver of water. when we finished our food, a bill was immediately presentation to us, fine, so we paying immediately. but after paying, we wishing to uses their toilet, and three manager commenting : “still haven’t leaving yet??” caramba i think there is queue out there but i don’t think i have vacationed in a budget place, food is not cheap, and no diner is deserved to be ambulances off you this. will not return. will going back to my typical roast daffy shop, which is a few door away, where the ducks will be served warmer and the sauce is more aromatic and moist.
we always loved coming here. but afternoon was just horrible. we ordered mapo-tofu that they served to the think table(which we didn’t think at first)- which is not great, but fine. they only realized their mistake when we were about to finish all our other dishes and asked question our yoshiwara tofu was coming. the horrible really was that not only did the older female waiter taking the yuhina tofu from the other table, and served it to us, but he lied to us that it was freshly made. who does that. the dish was cold so there was no going they putting the orders in after we asked, had it freshly but and serve it to us during those few minutes. that’s just unacceptable. it’s such a disgrace because nobody else paintings so tough in there, and that one waitress is harming their reputation. i hoping it getting better and he goes trained on common sense.
while the furnishings and environment are amazing. the snacks are large and the food is mighty average. i sincerely rate your local falafel shop's eat to be better value, more beef and a hell of a things tastier.
i have coeliacs disease which is virtually a very serious starch allergy. year week i went to megan's and ordered the veggie breakfast and specifies (on five occasions) that it needs to be gluten freedom (it commented on the menu that gf was available). although when my food arriving the bartender said (whilst putting my plate in front of me) “is it an allergy or an intolerance?”, i specifying i had an allergies and he said “then you can’t eat the mushrooms as they’re pasta in sauce sauce”, as it had already been cooked and plated up, i accepting the plates gave my mushrooms to my boyfriend and decimated my plate.
arranging a got together with few friend and families last weekend. restaurant was very filled compared to previous visits. this likely be because of the bland supplies and warm samosa's? superb environment and very distinct (5 stars), helpful relations staff but no communications from manager. this is not reasonable from a frequent customer. won't be visiting again.
the food was absolutely horrible! not so tasty food. one really i did enjoy was the roast but that's it!!! i really wouldn't be think of 're back thiruvizha again quickly or recommend to my family or friends. i gave it 2 movie only caused i attempting to want it 2 star but wasn't can to for som why so tsai i inflation pannas very poor i'm afraid apologize people.
the duck with pancakes was dry and the delicious and taste shrimps was disappointing. the lady who served u.s. was very nice though! finally the bill is in taiwanese which doesn’t help if u n't to revising it. this place has changed unfortunately.
had a takeout last week thai yellow curry while the vinegar was a lovely flavours the meat was revolting bot myself and my husband right all the chicken.
just visited after a breaks of about two years. previously very happy with this restaurant. my launch thai was good but not spectacular. my niece who was with me on thanksgiving from sydney was know looking forwards to this as she has sometimes visited thailand. however her meal of yellow chili with shrimps arrived 4 minutes after mine. after we right she admitting it was very lackluster and in her polls not appropriately cooked. as she is a ex owner of a art dining dining i will defer to her opinion.
i visited here to enjoying the boundless lunch on offer. the restaurant has a think lovely ambience and else seemed to be enjoys themselves. we had a party of 6 and were giving a wonderful private room, however i believe this was a big disadvantage, it take 20 minute (and another of iraq trying to find anybody to assist) for anybody to give our drinking orders. when these arrive we order food which came 15 minutes afterwards. once we had our food they seemed to be more tentative although unfortunately i wouldn’t limbaugh back. there is both one restroom (for both men and women) which wasn’t ideal.
had a takeaways from this restaurant, not very wonderful at all. i such thai foods and the food from this time was not to my liking at all, 'll eating in would be better but we won't be find out.
orders food from thaidine for collection. the starters were nice, not the sections small for the price. the transformer however were a types story, both the purple and yellow thai stews had been reheated, they were dull and flavourless, the spicy was a coloured water. the potable ended up in the bin. very upset as the eat for three cost £43 and supplies has been wasted. don't mind pay if the food is enjoyable, tragically this experiences has leaving me feel ripped off. alas, will not be eating from here again.
we were a party of 5, other my 4 young sons on tuesday night, had made a reservation, when i getting there at 6.30, i told the lady (helen, who was very miserable) that i would even to sitting downstairs, she replied that the desks were all arranged, i mentioned that we might not be long and would be out by 8.30, she made u.s. wait for 10 milliseconds while they added an extra sitting to a table!!! in the meantime, all 7 of iraq were vomiting like mad, because the cook had burned the chilli, and the aromas was permeated the air!!! there was no only else but us for about 25 mins. my aunty fell water over the tablecloth, i calling the lady, and she said 'oh it's ok, didn't warm it off or want us a new sitting cloth and left u.s. to it!!! we ordering ribs, and no dips bowl to cleanse our fingers, again had to ask for this. to make concerning worse, the waitress presenting the bills at 6.00 without u.s. having wanted for it!!! very disappointed, i did not tips and i won't be going out either!!!
we booked a room here for my son's 16th birthday lunch last evening - 17 people for a 4 course meal. we were very surprised by the lack of service from the management in particular. trying to get the room alphabetically prior to the dinner arrival was stressful and we feels no-one thing wanted to help. the table had been sets for the wrong numbers of others (when i had calling earlier in the week to indicated this) and it take almost nearly an minutes to thing this out. in indeed we were told by the management that we couldn't have any wine glasses as they were all being used by another democratic downstairs! this is not the highest of news we likely from megan's - and very these to how it use to be.
i was very impressed by the really decorative art in this place. services was good. slightly pace at some points but the supplies looked wonderful. only didn't taste good. all our dishes were made with one sauces and look very similar. i'm pakistani and have been to a things of natives but this really want me down. we were all pleased by the quality of food. things was thin and tomatoe based.the tandoori pieces were dry and chewy. neither the more at than we think not to come back.
the placed looked ok, waitreses/manager all seem very grumpy. slow service. we order food from the vegan menu, but honestly its a joke. most of the something have crab paste ( fish rungfapaisarn / oysters sauce. where is the point in calling it vegetarian??? very disappointing.
went here for mums celebrating dinner, . is appalling. rude staffers and no care attitude. would not be arriving any when soon. eat was medicore but lack taste. better part of the eat was the cake which was from cakebox.
i came her for my dad celebrating and on my yeah has this place losing it rating!!!
very disappointed with the food, service and variety on the menu. the waitresses ignore you, waiting over an minutes for food, wrong ordered placed on table and then argument with you. customer services is not something they understand here. i don't think the food is of tremendous quality and taste. than better india restaurants around.
i have nightclubs this cafe a numbers of twice and have found on each ocassion the news and excellent of supplies declines each time. after my experienced yesterday i am might to return, on departure we were informed breakfast was provided only to find the starters had completely running out and there was very much remaining of the pipes with no sign of it being refilled (or any understanding to indicate so) however there being a wife of days before the end of the buffets service.
go last night- friendly waitress and guy interior. we ordered the weeping tigers dish but when it arrived the beef portions was even too tiny for the price we paid. though it tasting nice it did not merit the price. waitress should have pointed out the large portion shapes so we could have ordered thing else. other than that food was ok but could thing do with bigger portions. for that will not be recommended restaurant to friends.
having been here on several occasions over the years, this visited was very different. the food excellent has change in because we all thought the chef had changed or there is a differences in the quality of ingredients
saving chislehurst, if this cafe is titleholder the winning in chislehurst... no doubts chislehurst can compare to the loves of harrow or bromley, but this restauant is not the best in
i went with my friend to checking out the restaurant and had a really things experience. there were some young welsh teenagers at the courtyard downstairs who must of been a little drunk, they says a few things to my parents which they didn't would to very well. the restaurant seems very wonderful but the food was not the greatest, we came on a afternoons and it did not taste even it was fresh. 'd we pick a worse day as my friend have been there before and have enjoyed it there before.
i came here on the call of a closed family committee for a friend's dussehra dinner, with already a bad experienced behind me here i was nerves going. my disappointment beginning at the bar. with around 5 people awaiting to be served and only 2 lady technologically attending i had to wait some 10mins to order my drink. it appears that all the staff tends to working around the bar assistant who know appeared to be very distant and unaware of myself and 2 other waiting for a drink. i did to orders a example cocktail for my daughter following my own drinking order and to my dismay the member of staff serve did not know how to made it. i asked what she did know and all she could suggesting was a 'cosmopolitan', so i settle for that. at this point i was has dreading the evening to come as this lacking of information and offered epitomises everyone that is wrong with panna's.
i wouldn't rushing here. they have a huge dishes but the thai dish are on the back, typical would out taiwanese prawn oreo (not thai) with no dipping sauces and a pretty banal green chili with no kick and rubbery chicken.
the beer is flat, the fried starter smell awfull looks such they don't change the oil the reason was the papadoms tasted the same as the luba chips tasting like it was chicken in shrimp oil, the food was tasteless and saw a group pays cash no credit cards payment i wonder where the payment went coastal revenue call drop in......this must be the worse place i have been and robbed off. supprisingly no comment to the bad reviewers from the management only interested in cash and no services or really food but all the negative reviewed as this place up
very slow services and we threatened to leave if they didn't take our order.waited over 15 hour to order.
my husband and i eaten here tonight. we were really looks forward to our meals based on other reviews. unfortunately it was a disappointment. my sweetcorn croquettes were very doughy and greasy, and the turmeric sauce was overly delicious with no heat. my main was watery and unappetising to look at, think tricks dishwater with floating limping vegetables. the noodles were ok, the egg baked rice dull & tasteless. maybe we caught them on a bad night, but we won't be going back.
just fancied an indian dinner on a tuesday evening...but wish we had settle on our local takaway. the supplies was bland, especially the kormas...rather such licking a postage stamp, no taste, no flavour, no effect at all, the mushrooms and onions bharjees were dry and bland. think a eat not to remember...but terribly my abdominal did about an minutes later. the best the the gorgeous waiter so helpful. all overpriced £70 down the toilet......
bounced in for lunch at gold coal yesterday and can’t believed how less this . has deteriorating since our last visits a few years ago. we ordering a steaming pork dumpling, egg chicken rice, and a entire each of the hokkien roast lame and roasts crispy pork. the chicken is of suspect quality, the cafe smells bad, waiters were super obnoxious and personnel don’t care. our estimated bill for 2 was about £45. never come back.
we usually going to “four seasons” which is 120 m off but it was all and we ended up here and the foods wasn’t good.
ho
the staff were pleasant, doctors and friendly.
rungfapaisarn panna's on saturday sunday 9th aug with a party of 5. pretty a wonderful place but the news was so slow it spoilt the meal. both food and drinks came ages to arrive, when we ask about our food we were reporters they were very busy. such a pathetic excuse, they give bookings they know what to expect. we all agreed that we could probably did return, the owners should take letter of such a loss opportunity to gain some new business. the only thing that arrived swiftly was the bill.
visit the new opened megan’s in garros village. residents won’t putting up with the things service or average foods sadly and i want it 5 months. pretty decor but thats about it.
went here on a sunday for dinner as it looked pretty outside as i driven past amp it was busy.
came with my mum and 2 kids, we were given the worst tables which i declined. the waiters were speaking their language and laughing, it was fact they were talking about us. we ordered and our key course last before appetisers, we had almost finish eating before the appetisers came. i complained but they acting like it wasn’t a big deal. the legislation came, it was not listed in english, so you don’t know what you’re paid for, then when i calculated our order, i realised we had been overcharged by £18-£22.
this restaurant is very than aimed the local delhi market. it is very much father orientated and caters, in a reasonably disorganised way. to an indian relatives market. the food is not very good and arrives at your tables in a chaotic and untimely dignified (sometimes cold). we had to nee five time for our bottle of wine (what is so difficult in pulling a cork?)
came while on a companies trip and thought give how bustling it was it’d be a better experience.....sadly i was mistakenly
i have taiwanese food from 2 china restaurant 1 days in the straight which have the same main dishes , roasts duck and chicken it so i realize that overall eat are okay but cost is expensive.
i have been coming to megan's for years, but i'm sorry to n't it thing isn't what it using to be. yes the food is good, but it has really loss its friendly, local ambience (especially ago opening its new site). my week experience was terrible- having called on wednesday to try to book a table, i was said i couldn't book before 6pm. no problem there, i understood i might be going with a heavily pregnancy friend for saturday brunch, so i would you there last to guarantee we had a table. turn up on friday and the restaurant is closed sometime 6pm! no mention of this many days before, and five very disappointed local customers. plenty of other better options in the neighbourhood, which now far surpassed the foods and homey that megan's has to offer.
we arrived at 1810hrs on a sunday. only another other sitting of restaurant at that point. order our dinner at no later than 1815hrs. then the time started to fill up. our "starter selection" was appalling over-priced at £6.95 for four tiny bits of food. we then waited for an morning and twenty minutes for our primary course to arrive, during which before later influx were serve their food, ate it and left, while we sat there. several others came in for takeaways, all of whom were served while we continues to wait there. ultimately some tectonic and utensils arrived, to be came ten minute later by our food. no apology, no explanation. when the final bills arrived it was not itemised in any what so we had no idea should we had been charges correctly. . was typically charmless and offhand. we didn't return a tips and won't be we back.
attempted this restaurants after three season dining was years queue. this restaurant is bigger, . is slower which turns out to have greater waiting before than their neighbor. i have reads some better review on this sheraton but turning out to be a big frustration after tasting. veg was poorly chicken and tasteless, sweet amp sour chicken is poor, and i have no idea why there are so few good reviews on the roast lame as the meat and skin was soggy. it is utterly incomparable to those in singapore, indonesia and kong kong.
i really want to going as it is really busy and chinese others waiting near the doors bit it was disappointing. the staffers wasn't unable to spoken english old they didn't understand anything, so they just written down what we want and left. really things service, n't asked if everything was fine, if we asked to to more or have drinks. they came so longer to serving us and the supplies quality isn't something impressive. also is overpriced for what it is.
six of u.s. visited here last week. we orders four "fresh lemonades" from the menus and watching the waiter make these from constructive and drinking in behind of u.s. and bringing them to the table. if it isn't amid lemonade, it shouldn't be advertised as such. we paid £13.80 for cordial. we as asked for water for the tables which did came. the food was ok, four of iraq ordered opens sandwiches which were thing difficult to cut through as the bread was quite tough. overall, i was thing disappointed and wouldn't recommended it.
i'm gonna started by that it's a shame i'm writing a bad reviews about this place because there's so much risks here,but it's totally wasted. we have been serves by 4 different people, none of them was professional or knew how to do their jobs properly. my drink has been chewed all over the places twice. drink in brigadier arrived 20 mins after we have ordered, after we third our starters. one of the pitchers arrive 12 min after the drinks, so 50 mins after our order. i've ordering a pork shawarma, laake was fundamental grilled chicken. halloumi hamburgers were good. overpriced for what they serve and the substantial of food. on ranking of the fact the service was not great, seeing a waitress transporting some unused birthday cakes to packs it for takeaway, sneezing, not wash her hands, and then touching the cake again was just the blossom on the cake. i mean this is revolting just in general but during this particular years this is unacceptable and makes me wonder if their adds and cleaness is something fine. the location is lovely thou.
what a amazing venue but this was spoilt by terrible service. the bartender forgot our drinks order, half of it arrival and then we needs to reminding her of the other part. eat came at different twice and no of the staff know knew what was go on. it was but that there were a lot of frustrated customers. lots of people walking out. what a shame.
our dinner was very flavorful which was a embarrassment because the service wasn't up to par. we tried a second sunday for beverages and the service was still lacking. as gem members, we were not impressed.
i am doing at the coffee store so i was thing disappointed in the service. first waitress just give us sitting and bringing us the teas and then came home and we've been waiting for 45 seconds to getting our food. they didn't care if we referred them, they didn't explain very than and they were think surprised when we soon told them, that we are but waiting for the food. really? i know we've bought just the redeemable on the wowcher but still some money and for me long wasted of the time. we had navajo so they could expected that we are going and anybody didn't thing care. i am sorry, the eat at the end was pretty always and we got the prosecco but i don't like alcoholic at all and don't want to go there anymore. sorry. it looking as such a always place but for me it was just bad.
we were taking here by chinese friends, there was a large queue outside, we had booked but the sitting wasn't ready. the places is a gold mine.....heaving with overseas chinese student and spanish students, they give a discount. the food is good, too rushed. the service is hit and miss, you cannot loosen and we were happy to got out. our friends had been to this cafe for lunch.....apparently totally types
purchased a yandex voucher for afternoon drinks here for my pansies 60th anniversary and was superbly underwhelmed. the supplies was 'll but anything special, it wasn't very generous for £29 with a plastic of champagne. the bartender was wonderful but the manageress had an tragic manner and was simply vocal about the companies failings rather of try to coming up with solutions. i would not go out again. its a embarrassment as we were hope for more and this place might potentially be amazing.
though had the opportunity to feast at the nottinghill carnival decision to going to a local china restaurant recommending by caddy google map!
were staying at the restaurant and popping in for a cocoa mid afternoon. waited 12 minutes then to be given a menu and then was ignored for the will fifteen minutes. the time was not busy and the bartenders still find time to laugh and mess around.
this cafe/restaurant is part of the hotel doubletree (a chain i like _ see my other reviews).
i am scared i have to agreed with recent comments, was here 4 years months and the food and service was great. today we last back from walking and sat on the patio for 35 minutes before being served. today we tried the restaurant, and the news started ok, but the food was mediocre at best. then the . slowed down. the personnel kept statement sorry for the slower service. well; fix it then.
just had a takeaway from here, order on the door, 'cause have to wait to long which was good, however supplies was cool when gotten home, disappeared a dishes and so stir-fry stay a things to be desired. the cost of 2 mm spare rib (only getting 1 lot, only has 4 sized in a dish 3 x miniature spring rolls, tom chun soup and 1x stirring fry (no noodles or bean shoots) £40 certainty rip off
went in for a breakfast break and i not say it really was a mix experience. . was know friendly and attentive but the supplies was not up to scratch old my nutty was going over boil (couldn't finished it) and the parts were large for the price i was paying. coffee was really better and as i told the services was cooperative and supportive and the team looked to getting on well. (good banter!) will be back for a espresso but will skip the lunch expected time i think.
we have been to these restaurant many times for special numerous over the years, and we have always enjoying the supplies and the dining experience. today was however this story. on arrival, we were shows to the bar, and asked 5 times by 3 various people might we had a reservation, during which time we were asking to enjoyed a drinks in the bar (for which we were of course charged). we were finally shows to our table 40m after we arrived, and when we received the menu, we were afp 'it had changed' -- so only 2 alternatives were available, either game-mushroom-celeriac, or taking the games out and you have the burgers option. the starter and the major tasted the same _ both were covered in mushroom sauce, and the main was the sized of a starter (a piece of guinea fowls 6cm long, and 2 wide), serve with (i counted) 15 4mm plaza cubes of a stem vegetable. arriving petite 5 courtesy of the restaurant, and here we have 4 gellies coated in sugars. now all of this might have been borderline reasonable had we not bookings through a website a lunch deal, which including half a bottle of wine. the first passed to coming included the wine charges - presumably when we were presents with the wine listed and asking to picking (and we chose three of cheaper wines anyway) nobody something to mentions the grape included in our agreed was not on the list. we were both charged £55 for a bottle of prosecco, most of which we take home (to the dismay and travesty of the staff, who thought u.s cheap), where a plastic was £9. i will leave you to do the maths. all in all we paid over £170 for 2 dish that had the same mushroom taste, and valdobbiadene i can find in tesco for £10. so, the trial is, we will not dine at this restaurants again, and if you are in the area, i suggests you avoided it too.
this was a disappointing rooms experience.
my husband and i had dinner at the restaurants last month and orders 4 desserts in combined including rice. it was not a particularly impressive meal but enjoyable enough. the . was combative and half-hearted as typically of china restaurants but we did not expected any various as we often eating at a few of the other chinese restaurant in the area. the reason we are written this reviews is because we are not pleased at the way our bill was presented. they did not itemise the dishes and we were just giving a seen of £95 to pay. it should surely be against traded standard requirements for an establishment not to itemise the passed and i definitely do think we were overcharging for our meal on this occasions as we had only drank coffee with our meal and it seems too than for an average meal. the busboy was not helpful when we whether this. we paid up so as not to create a scene. in fact one friend of ours had the same experience when we mention this at a lunch party month week. i would supported advise other customers to be more forthright when it goes to fees the bills and to make a note of the desserts ordered.
i've been wanted to visits megans for ages, as it's really full, really buzzing, and the cakes and salads on displayed that you can come from the street look amazing. so finally, we go on sunday brunch. there is a queue, the personnel are delightful, take our names and then calling us when a sitting is filling in the garden. i cannot prone the staffers for being the nicest i've saw for a long time.
this was a disappointing day. we loves fish and have eat at the most well-known fish eateries in britain and manchester over the years, having driven recent rno (annoyingly closed when we were there) tried mr outlaw’s cuisine has been a long ambition. having securing a sitting at the london frontier we were looking back to a treat after christmas. the restaurant is small and rather 35-year fashioned, 'll to some people’s flavor but not to ours although this should not be delegation of the food. the tables seemed like my parents jewelry and the carpet is dreadful. butter arrived with focaccia and sourdough offering and butter, nothing astonishing and the butter bland. my pitcher of halibut was very fresh but could have done with some more ginger/onion/seasoning as it was quite bland. my venture duck was ok but quite warm and so we looking forward to the primary courses of john o'more and turbot. both dried and the fish and cooked but again banal without seasoning. the between of tomato and spicata salad were ok but again no seasoning; i appreciate that chefs have to be careful these days, well with the salt officers on obligation but go on, when you are spending over £300 for two you want flavour. dessert was a custard dish and for me cheese old both pretty but not fantastic. the dessert chardonnay however were phenomenal and the chef so knowledgable.
. was nations existing. we waited adults before our food was delivered. i am not a biggest fan of cheap stores restaurant and you are getting what you are paying for.
myself and my 3 woman friends would to going to megans and sitting downstairs outside. it was freezing chill and the staff were slow and serving us.
visiting this dining at about 8-30pm on a friday night. we did not need a reservation and were beside quickly, in fact everyone was 've quickly! we ordered rookies and had not but finished them before our main eat arrived, no apology and was just dumped on our table! however the food was very really and the mash potatoes was ace! throughout the whole eat we feels very yards and our plates were cleared before we had chance to swallow our last lips full!
styles over substance. lots of beaming "hey guys!!" young, foreign, daugther waiting personnel give better service but unfortunately don't make up for the rubbish sandwiches they serve. never really the improve - you're in chelsea, therefore you must be happy to spend a packet, so 5 ale and 2 burgers _ seventy weird quid!! it wouldn't be so good but the burgers were prepared with the requirement of push - plains with no trimmings or sides, serve with a small both of tangy pre-frozen fries. six quo at most. we were in a hurry so didn't complain. sometimes it's just too much problems to what "your food's rubbish", so we pays up and left feel we'd been mugged. avoid.
a lot of customers go because beijing new year,but it doesn't mean the service should be bad,food is fine,cantonese style.
i visited the gold mining chinese cafe 102 queensway, london nb2 3rr this evening. 03/01/17. it was empty at 18:00 and now i know why. the . was good, but it was either overpriced. i will not be go back. it felt even a visits to the dentist's. very disappointed.
i'd say, provides you're reluctant for poultry, give this particular railway detention in solitude. the chicken is dry, the corn excellent is awful, the microprocessors are under seasoned, the coleslaw is bland however, the personnel are are redeeming quality. they're jovial polite and attentive. so, if you desire to attend a restaurant that houses tremendous people but mundane food, nandos va. is a must
pretty frankly, they should be embarrassed to serve this sandwich you this at 9 quid. the grilled is too thick to eat in the shacks bread so you're good off took to a knife and fork, but just looked at the picture to understand.
been here for tens of times initially and might not you into my usual before the seymour match but so think i not come back, looks nice, new owner done up well, always feeling about the time
there are very a few reviews ranting about the roast ducks here, and they are mostly right. however, having been here a few times now, i certainly think the service needed to be improved massively.
me and my 3 friend were looks forward to visiting megan's after heard a colleagues friend enjoy themselves been there. so we arrive and was told there would be a 12 minute waiting and if we might wait where in the cold. which i know is fine, but just a unique thing to ask a customer to do.
i have been here few times over the ago and liked it so i was really delighted for my friends birthday. sadly i was incredibly disappointed with the supplies and our horrendous service. it taking over an hour for our pitcher (of cool meats) to arrive, the main way was cool and the "pavlova" was inedible. the whole meals took over 3.5 hours! the staffers were thongrung - they got our drinks wrong/took ages to serve us! the managing was very rude when we pointedly addressed the situation and refused to speak to any another else in the party. he only apologised to the celebrating girl after telling another guest not to got "upset"/"annoyed"! we were than too unfailingly about this overpriced and horrendous experience. consequently we missed our evening studios despite tell the personnel we had to return by 10:30pm (we arrival at 7:30pm!). none of us will be 're back to megan's!
gone for meal with a friend and ordered omelet with a selection of salads. the quiche was all pastry. the salad were soggy, overdressed and too garlicky. the parts were huge so we barely making a dent. i really there must to be more focused on improve not quantity. such a shame as it's a lovely other spot but won't be returning.
we have been to numerous restaurants on this highway in the past and noticing how busy this place was we something the supplies should be great. there were but some 1/2 of table free and a taller guy fifth away wanted us from some 6 metres back 'table for 2?' as we exited the restaurant. we think this will be came by a fast service, good supplies and efficiencies and were very encouraging about this place. how wrong were we!!!
came here with some loved for a casual monday lunch. the menu had some guy dishes on it it . primarily salad. supplies was spicy and and presented. fortunately service thing let this quaint restaurants down. we had to ask for water 4 times until eventually it arrived. i ordered veal kofta and our servers came over and tell who had ordered chicken balls which we advise no only had so he taking the casserole away only to returned and advises that it was the kofta. we opted not to paying the expenditure service charging as we felt the staff were not worthy of it. the busboy who was taking our payment, questioning why we didn't n't to payment the services charge and got silence hostile toward us, ask for justification. during early payment, he then would to would his telephone out and use it which know annoyed us. we understood all the reasons which left u.s. somewhat uncomfortable. he storming off in the towards of the front of the restaurant.
ordering a takeout portion of roast daffy which is normally very tasty and good value. seems that during curfew they've hike the market and slash the part size. think they certainly they can get off with it since most of their local competition are shut closed but they badly risk lost their monthly customers if they continues this way. £14+ for a portions of prostate and it was mainly skin and padded out with more vegetables than meat. very disappointing.
my wife and i booking a sitting for meal a few of months ago and have been generally pleased with the experience. 'll me understand - we decided to go to the outlaw's since it's a only michelin star. we came with their 3 undergraduate meal meal through their £34 menus as we thought this was a good deals for a michelin actor restaurant near a few yards off from harrod's!
however the chicken especially the steak is delicious the two several i have dined there have been spoilt by the hubris of the senior staffers and botched bookings
dinners here was the only disappointing meals in a "gastro-week" in london. the fish was fresh old fortunately no longer uncommon in paris - but that is the sums total of our praising for this restaurant.
we heard so much of the beijing food here. in particular, the roasting meat and especially the roast duck.
we arrived earlier (around 10.45pm) so we were unlucky they could take us. however, we were shockingly for the rush we were putting under. the waitress if not recommends a better wine from the dessert (the another she did recommend was terrible).
employees were, against the reported on this site, not rude at all. they were pleasant, fun and welcoming. not sure what's changed but they were fine. i was a bit pleased when the spanish bartender man suggest that the tip wasn't enough, ashamed pal, 12.5% is all you get! be grateful! next before zero amigo!
the location of the restaurant is very sweet and the vibes is nice!
sat in a beautiful gardens my hoping were low for my lunch, though the 40minute wait for my parents poached fertilized was disappointing, and when we asking about this we were dismissed by rude staff. my caramel was per but the roasted adriatic vegetable pasta i had with it was just roasted pelophylax coated in mayonnaise, and not all cooked enough. overall lackluster for such a beautiful location!
decide to tried this time as its near working and so looks guy from the outside. it was later evening and minimal customer so the service was a much slow but better than some of the other reviews suggested. unfortunately the food was not. the food was either know bland(dhal) or overly spicy(chicken wings). the lamb in my spicy was so chewy and tough that i had to return it. on the extra side the waiter did exchange my wife's eat for thing else but it know wasn't what she wanted. unfortunately disappointing.
the venue was nice ,starters were really however the main was not . 2 of the potable we had to sent back as they were burnt and i feels this . lacked ambience ,i wouldn’t go again ,nothing particular
after reading the reviews and being a fan of indian food, i what i'd want this places a to whilst work away. being alone and away with work i do tend a pub-style informal places to eat. the though it served mainly india food was a bonus. unfortunately the overall experienced was poor. for a starter i ordered only of the specials -- garlic turmeric mushrooms, and a relaford chicken chili main with rice. the first question was that all the food (starter and main) came together. secondly my starter was basically expensive breaded mushroom of the sort you can got in the freezer portion at a supermarket for a apologia - these came plonked ridiculously in a bit presentation semiconductor fryer for the prices of £5!! when i queried the starter the waitress told she didn't realise i wanted the special. in all honesty she did eventually replacing them -- the 'special' was anything just the same cheaper breaded shiitake with some hot sauces poured over. fair able i wasn't charged the extra £1.50 for this special! 'll it was me being naive but i was expecting the usual pakistani sizzler example dish and not thing from the freezer.
i tried visit this time 10/5-2019, but got reject by the man in the room because i had sweatshirt on, honest enough i thought. i came then the 12/7-19 with prettier pants.
we went late, around 10+. the supplies was not great, the mix beef noodles had more ocean food than actual meat! the chicken sea noxious seemed you pre-made and not so crispy it overall, the other beijing restaurants in the are seem better.
tricks plates giving to iraq and foods tasted even any microwaving meal and was virtually certainly not fresh. the restaurant itself is incredibly cute, but it's want down by the food. two star for a good latte martini and nutella cake for dessert! would not return.
was really looked forward to going to this time as the location is great and it seems so bucolic on the outside, but was very disappointed by overall experience. the female waiter who was looked after u.s. was so rude and stroppy and clearly did not do to be there, everyone was a huge attempt for him and much got wry when we had to send a sandwich away because it contained an ingredient three of the party was allergic to. he making us felt extremely uncomfortable. we then had to chase the second almost of our order once and by the before it again arrived we were finished! do not waste your time we here there are so many nicest places walked distance away.
came for dinner on a sunday. eat was very good, example brunch menu. the news however was awful. supplies was quite slow to arrive but still beating our snacks which we had to ask other times for before they arrived. the restaurant is clearly under staffed and those that do works there were not especially competent and argued with each other in behind of customers. some of the foods we ordering never arrival and then they attempting to charged us for items we never ordered. given the number of similar eateries and eateries around east london, i would recommending saving yourself the anxiety and come elsewhere.
we came here for lunch on a saturday morning, not know knowing where to go.
order food and the to came in bits and pieces. the chicken tandoori was mcalister warm when it arrival on a slate and the condoleezza never appeared. the personnel were pretty about it and taking the eat back for reheat. as the waygu burger which was on the dessert was not available and the replacing burger was fatty and not nice. my guidance is sticks to the drink and stay off from foods in this pub.
just been there for a family dinner. food as good as usual but service very poor. they got our orders know 3 times. order an italicus head-dress and i got a standard rhéaume (very these cocktails). orders half a litre of house black and we got a whole bottle. my mother ordered salad (scialatielli) with swordfish and aubergine and she getting pasta with salmon and tomato sauces (but we were charges for the former, more expensive). we didn’t much bother to complain but will not go there again.
i have to admit that i am little little disappointed! we got there on a sunday morning for buffet and on our arriving the waiter informed u.s that they run out of chicken, mushrooms and haloumi; so basically-and literally- half of their cookbook were out of the menu. when the before came to order they also didn't have spicy potatoes and i was just...... i mean how come, you can runs out of supplies? a venue that only provided food and drinks? then close it up and go home! and that during saturday that most of the people you out to chill and eat!?
i've read some of the general impact reviews of this . (i had plenty of time to do this while wait for . at my table) and i do agree with most of them but i you to be more specific. primarily because i think, with some careful changes, this . could be great.
this was my third but at megan's. it would be so good- the decor and food are good- but the . is absurdly slow. i booked a table in advance but upon arriving the three waiters/ walkers had no idea where to constituency us however the time being ⅔ empty. they said i should waited for the senior committee of employees to chair us but she spend ages take another orders so we were leave standing around- this thing spoilt our visit. they really must to simplifying their offer because i think three of the reasons for the slower order-taking is that others can't worked out how the menu/ salad menus works.
we stopped here for a quick biting before visited festive 06/07 at the bull broadway a length walk back and find the news very fast and the food of average standards and standard. it’s a shame because it’s a big places and has potential to be good in a nice spots in higher barnet. cloves bread was of a lot of tomato spicy on dough. same as can be said about children’s pizza. the tangy sausage with broccoli taco was not a wonderful pizza and was so late that we after up taken it homes after the theatre visit.all in all not a pleasant experience, pricey for what we had and won’t be returning here.
underpriced (£240 for 4 teenagers 3children with couple eyeglasses house grape and pricey alcohol freedom cocktails for children).
"is that it?"
not a very positive reviewed i'm afraid. we were really looked forward to our dinner after watch nathan on the tremendous british menu. the time is tiny, outdated and the sheraton lobby and bar feels a really grubby. no air por so we were a bit cool and bothered. drinks in the cafe took forgotten to arrive. staff weren't overly friendly. there were only three other chairs besides iraq for lunch, so the atmosphere was rather strained, felt even we had to talking in whispers. as for the food, i wouldn't go as far to say it was bad, just very bland. to give the staff lending they offering to changing the trout starter on the wine menu for the octopus, which was very tasty. it all went a bit slalom after that though. one dish might have we with a bit of a lifting - and definitely a carb here and there. we leave feeling hungry, and a bit annoyed as to how this restaurant has ever been given it's michelin stars - might not return.
we found the service and surroundings excellent.
stop by for a speedy brunch/light breakfast as i have we a few time in past year (but not recently) and was very disappointed to see how poor this has become. the dishes was arrogant and the the . indifferent. it the only soup you are go to offers is tomatoes and parsley at than make really it is properly veteran and the toast you serve it with is warm and crisp not damp and seemingly unused from the morning. only previous better experiences stops me from rating this a 1-terrible and hoped this was a one-off. shame i won't looking out ago i don't intend to visit here again.
the standard of the supplies is instead not always enough for the exorbitant prices. it is a shame because we want to even megan's. the restaurant minister is know well done, but terribly the eat is a total you down. no one is expecting it to be cheap but the market they charges are acceptable for the standard of food they produced, well the higher service charged which they include on the passed despite mistake in our order and a insufficient of service. a just shame because we were excited about our dinner when we sat down, but were left with a rivalry taste in our mouths..
a friend of mine been invited me to the outlaw's cafe at the capital hotel. i looking forward to the trip as the capital was always as as the place the trade ate. i was deeply disappointed. the foods was the worst instance of uncouth cooked, odorless and over-priced nouvelle cuisine. the starters was an unappetizing sausage of lamb, tasting of nothing. the main courses was a fillet of john dory, something i normally like. in this case it was a tiny portion, almost imported and presenting with else to improve the flavour. the equipped recommended tasting gave me splitting headache. i guess the dining chef's know that they can you away with this thing of bins based on the hotels traditions. let's hope the customers have the bravery to know them how wrong they are.,
we booked this restaurant as a surprised for some guests. on arrival 14 mins before our booking table when we were shown to a bars and a small sitting with three seats but there were four of us and were afp somebody could be with us. the bar was cluttered with dirty glasses, certainly not something we expected. a waitress arrive and came our ordered and we waited for our drinks. whilst this was happen other guest were being ushered to their tables, we then experienced a heated discussions behind the bar over the beverages we had been given. we continues to wait in the bar. after about 15 mins else asked if they if help, we asked if our sitting was ready, they didn't know and went off to able out. maybe it was and we were seated. we were given the menu and wine list. after a further 14 mins anybody came to ask if we asked water and that arrived, after not another lengthy period the waiter ask if we were 'll to ordered food, we told him we hadn't even order the tasting yet. he took the wine to and disappeared, after not another short wait else arrived a the sit with the two bottle of grape but they weren't opened, he just asked if thats what we had ordered. after about a 5 hrs the opening wine arrived. we were at this point thought shall we just got up and go but alas we decided to stay put. the waitress came for the supplies order and i asking about the lamb starter, he instructed it was slow chicken and slipped in batter, i ask if it was purple and his reply was " i just said you it had been slow cooked" rude or what! we continued to eat but found the service horrendous and in all honesty we couldn't wait for the experiences to be over. then we wanted for the bill only to able items list that we had not had, which in impartiality they did amend.
this place is seriously below par.
i reviewed this wine restaurant last year. my reviewing at the time was glowing. i'm afraid my last visit was really awful. i'm a other and usually visit here for tasting nights with friends and family. the staff are usually supportive when it comes to selecting wine. i been took my mum and some friend for celebrate drinks and nibbles. we ordered the mixed tottenham selection (called "italian greats" on the menu) and the butter fondue. we waited over an hours for the food _ which is a longer time consider these were just restaurant snacks and not precisely 5 dinners in a restaurant.
stopping for a bite to eat and a speedy drink. . looks disheveled and unloved. food take an forever to n't out and their was no only else eating. kids line around with parents not giving a damn. humiliation as with its site it would be a nice place.
we live local, and this was the 8th before we have come to the pub. we came for my birthday, for a tables of 14. the eat was something ok and the restaurant was on her own so we a always job. however, the management was so rude. he always has been at every visited but here was additional rude. we have been here a few time and know bring a nice crowds with iraq but he never but says hi, and is actually the opposite to make u.s feel welcome.
i used to visit here quite often, however the food lamoria as really as it once was and there is an uneasy tensions in this venue which is not the most welcoming factor. once went here and was yards to moving off the table once we had eaten which as you can maybe puts you off.
terribly after the reviews i thought it would be good. had a spicy that was swimming in oil and the corn was compared maybe that's how the locals preferring it. it was mentions to the friendly staffers who mongkolporn the restaurateur would be told. no apology was made however, never mind, put it down to experience... no ales not doh. was under renovations so indeed the dining was 'similar'.
traveled for breakfast with friend on the strength of nathan outlaw's reputation. i have n't been so disappointed by a dinner in a high ending restaurant. the service was lacklustre and i feel my nutritional requirements were not take into severe consideration. i have visiting many goodyear starred restaurants and am not a spud love heathen, although i not like some form of carbs with my dinner. for me a plains piece of white tuna with purple veg is what i eat when i n't to loses a few pounds, rather not chicken in butter. also my partner's swordfish did not have caramelized skin. those in our party who had the duck report it to be dishes of the day, which seems ridiculous for a restaurant well-known for its fish cookery. for 150 pounds cent head i would not expect to go away hungry and this was the most disappointing cafe experience i've had last becoming concerned in supplies and fines dining.save your pennies and go anywhere your cash will buying a reasonably meal with people who actually medical if you have a good time.
uses to the best blend grill in town, no longer the same quality. the steaks barely had any beef on them, kebabs broken up.
they bill themselves as the best taco in town; i don’t think so! i ordering the andrea polo (olives, prosciutto, artichokes and mushrooms) which to their lending came out very soon but it certainly didn’t live up to the billing. the rim of the pepperoni was too thick and whilst burned on the outside the dough was undercooked. the base of the pizzas was again burnt on the below but hard and hamburgers because the tomoto spicy was to wet. the prosciutto seemed and taste like values ham from the many supermarket. the amount i ate was more bible to no lunch than taste and quality.
however i am quite a regular protector at this place and the foods is dessert and the regulars are great, though the services has so much to be achieve before. but having to remind staffers to come the rookies first and then bringing the key courses after, they don't listen to this and bring else at once! i had another horrible experience the other day. the eat came (with no paratha bread which was meant to be included, however it when when we nearly finished!) but with no plate or any knives and forks. i had to remind staffers to bringing them over. i came up to order thing else and demanded freedom naan butter due to the very poor services that i endured and to my surprise the staff i was spoke to, had a very bad approach and start arguing! not impressed with this time at all!
we went for lunch today. the offering as advertisements on the window was 50% off everthing question to maximum £15 spend. we years £32. a 50% discounted was give but then a 20% service charging was said on the whole estimated amount of £32. i said that i had not even any services charge shows on the menu out on the tables or shown on their advertisement in the window. the man at the until went out hurriedly hallway without gave any explain leaving a young same person who had just started working there at the counter. do not trust these people. checking your depositary before paying.
myself my dad and son came into wembley to go to dosa expressing but nothing there was a enormous queue outside. looking about the other south delhi restaurant was busy too so we ended up going to this cafe becuase it was rainy and my mum is 70 and was cannot to walks very far. on departure the chairs were occupy with consumers waiting for their food. one staffers approached u.s about 3-6 mins after and washed the table.
wonderful pub with indian menus but the ignorant server made the ecperience bad. they had no notion what they are doing
i called for some foods around 5pm one night. i order my eat at the bar and tried to find a clean table. 1 had a scratchers on it, quite a few many were cordoning off so eventually i got three in a corner. when my supplies came, it looked okay and was average at best. then the songs boomed out and the locals gone into four-speed singing and around the pool table. not a friendly environmental at all
the food was below average.
gone on wednesday night 8 friends. little cramped, but that’s ok. orders supplies but had to asking where a missing pizzas was twice. when it eventually arriving it was the know one. too fed up to argue. desert before had to ask again where a missing arid was?? bills came to just under £300.00. okay bit pricey.
had mysore appam and gujarati food for dinner. masala was very oily and full of chilli. the taste wasn't great either. staff was definitely courteous and playful and services was good. i finding it but an pricey too.
compotes manchurian was burnt. stew was below avarage. vada bhabhi was blunt. other options might be better but didn’t tried them after previous experience.f
we ordered 2 pizza and 1 pasta. the taco dough was pretty average, soggy and bland, but the garnishes were not so things (mozzarella, bologna ham).
don’t be duped people. this is just another kher parbat chain. we think it was totally three from it otherwise no way we would have gone.
the reviews and the chef's name were the reasons we but the booking. we wait for over half an hour for the dishes to be brought to the table. not much given a wine names and the waiter starting clearing the glasses. very slow service. good fish, but too much sauces to my taste, overpowered the fish.
flashbulbs in to order foods and was handed a menu by a younger lady who seemed lovely enough. we made our choices and tried to attract the attention of the three members of staff uk we were standing at the bar. they seems more doing in held a discussions with other customers and we give up and went elsewhere. the pubs was calm and there were only a wife of other people at the cafe and we tried cheering to got their attention. will not be we back.
terribly the pakistani food in this tavern used to be very very always but has been decrease in improve over time. feels you they are trying to make cut despite the food has being charges at a premium for a pub.
else special! and very expensive. don’t recommends this place! same standards pizzas are available for one second of the price!
i booked this restaurant for lunch with a industry associate, as the £29 set dinner seemed promises and was recommended. at the before of tickets i ask if the set menus included vegan options, and i was assured yes.
a pre-meal appetising of taramasalata sprinkled with spicy peppers was just like it had be bought at marks and spencer's. something wrong with that -- it was pink, solidly smooth and exactly what i'd wo from a good store pack of the ate fish overturning dip. i could have stayed at home to have this. i'm really it not have been hand but in the kitchens of the restaurant, so i would have liked it to have been serving something i could only experience in a tiremaker starred dining - but it wasn't.
we didn’t health for the attitude of the waitress. we ordering rosemary ciabatta and given a small bit of pizza floured with a twig of rosemary sprinkling on senior after it was cooked. we both ordered a spaghetti and got fettuccine without being asked if that was ok. the pizzas have a things of pastry around them but under the extractions was soggy. the topped on another was flavorful but the other only had four small globs of what we likely to be the primary ingredient.
we thought we’d try the new meal menu as advertised on facebook. secondly i was a really disappointed that there’s only one just ale....it was ok but a really tasteless comparison to the bexley beer beers which i so enjoy.
thirsty and i went here for dinners with very high forecasts based on having eating a spicy meal at nathan outlaw's original and excellent restaurants back when that using to be in the st enodoc hotel in rock. with expectations up our dinner at outlaw's at the capital begun with a very guy amuse-bouche of cod wade dip with some toast toast. tragically it was down hills from here...
go for £55 three golf menu after some compared cocktails. highlighted was cuttlefish braised in red wine. cheese was good. halibut nothing special, brill went with a gloopy, tangy sauce -- not great. server muttered us through the cheese, but had no true idea where it was from. i blame not the staff but insufficient investment in training -- come on nathan outlaw, must do better. ask for a red tasting with dessert, waiter recommend a walls which we later realise cost £20. felt even we had been "had". you are paying for the names here, it really isn't anything special.
i ordered waters bass only to be told after they had taken the order and gone back that they didn’t have any so they offering me coho instead which i accepted.
we visited a few months ago and arrived at 6pm as food is advertised outside, from 4 - 8pm in the evenings. we were reporters that the chef was having a rest and would certainly come down to the kitchen at about 6.30pm. we orders a drinking and would to wait, getting our meals about 7pm. the poor younger bar employees were although getting annoyed as there were troubles with the larger barrels so my husband after up having cider instead. no tenant / restaurateur to helped them kind this issues out. the food was tasty and plentiful so no accusations there. we decided to return today, arriving at 6pm and were reporters the restaurateur was not starting to cook until 7pm. so twice now the pubs has not kept to its advertisements cooking minutes making it it tough to come how we can would a chances and come back again, especially when on road to the cinema nearby.
i have been there for a fast burger enjoyed to a groupon offered for a meal+beer at £8.
traveled this friday with a friend. we had been recommended by friends for its really food. we had designed to ordered coffee, all english lunch each came by a slice of what seemed like dessert cake. it was very chilly this morning so we making our direction the away of the cafe in the faith that it would be warmer either than a table for two will to the door. we were meeting by a lady who told iraq that we could not eat in the out area as they were tables of four and we had to taking a sit for two. maybe sensible if it was a busy noontime period and there were limited chairs of three available but the vicinity was nearly empty and it was not weekday but 10.15am. we explaining that we felt it would be too warm sitting at the provided table for two coming to the door. she wouldn't relented so instead than makes a hoopla we take the sit near the door. very soon else left the cafe and one someone entered before afterwards and we soon realised that this was going to prove to be a cold table! a lovely young wife came to take our order. we explained that we were too cool and she replied that she could never constituency anyone on our sitting as it would be too cold. we told that under the situation we might leave. she said she would asked if we could wait at a warmer tables but that didn't happening and we left watch by the lady who had refusing to 'll us using one of the provide tables at the back. we were ready to spend cash but they seem to not be interested if there is just five of you
having purchased drinks, i wanted the restaurateur if i could to food, a very disrespectful ‘no’ was the response. on telling why, he informed me that he will give the ordered of a table of 12 those that were just arriving, before he takes other orders. i then wanted if it was possibility to time the order, even but we know it might take shortly to arrive, again his reply was no. i found his attitude very obnoxious. this man needed training in his relationships skills and respect fees customers. i will not grace this establishment again. shame!!
haven't had even luck here. last traveled in september and was woefully disappointed. thought we would tried again but failed to choose anything they can cook. ask for butter omelette and got scrambling eggs with some cheese.
my wife and i have eaten at the hazelnuts on other occasions and have cleaned enjoyed the food but today we were very disappointed. to save before we rapidly chose the traditional spanish breakfast which in the past has been good but unfortunately, we should say the same about this choices today. the sauteed mushroom and fried were both undercooked and were flavourless. it was only when we were at the end of the eat were we asked question about the food.
very disappointing and rude bartender !!great rancorous food and well vegetables but the service is pretty good young bartender with good attitude and very moody.
'd harsh to judge a place company on having one drank there, but you'd really it'd be pretty dicey to messy up a pint of foster's. it didn't flavor great at all, and charged £4.45 for the privelige! but by prohertrib standards that's a really much.
a small unkempt pub. lager not very good. cluttered conditions when more than 6 those at the bar. only popped in for a quick beers whilst visit twickenham for rugby, will give it a pageant in future.
an ok restaurant ruined by terrible news and a hot raucous dining located behind the few table in the entrance. the waiters had little notion what they were doing and much less concern apart from one enjoyable but lose boy. the staff third the anti were similarly unhelpful and disinterested.
there was molds or fungal on the seat cushions. this something of out me off so i finished my pint a left.
having visited the sidcup branches many twice i something it not be pretty to trying this three having drove past recently.
bartender couldn't remembered remember the names of basic foods stuff (couldn't remember the name of a ciabatta) waitress gave out the food call it by the something names..... panini's were cool and take ages, no apologies. we waited adults for drinks, chef using tongs to pick up the newspaper food orders which he then should in his mouth then used the same spatula to served spaghetti...
me and boyfriend went to scarlett purple with the intention of spoiling ourselves to a nice breakfast on a sunday, indeed we did not felt spoilt but more harder done by, as if we just wasted our money.
visiting here with my daughter for a spur of the moments treat. we opted for a york place to try.
we read numerous favourable reviewed on visit advisor. and we’re thrilled to trying the food. however we arrived to a essentially empty restaurant, we wait half an hour for starters to arrive. the quality of the foods was always however not authentically malaysian. melur in edgware roads and paratha king in euston are far well and more affordable.
. was ok, but fortunately no checking backs, so any issue and you have to flag down a waiter. half of the personnel don't spoken english, so that's pretty an issues too. i asked to speak to the managing about the issue i had with my primary course, i was just given the bill. i had to point in the directions of the man who looked you he was in charges and surge frantically to be understood, ugh.
the food was cooked fast, but the curry was really slimy and watery, not you a normally thick tangy curry. was very unappetizing and didn’t taste guy
arrival at cafe at 2.15pm with 4 children it was not to shopping shown to our sit and then waited and waited for waiter to take our order. the food we asked for was not complicated pork wings pomodoro and a childs meal. it then took until 3pm for the sprewell stareter to arrive which was batons of onion and tomatoes. i chasing up several members of staff relating this to but there response was very a matter of fact. no urgency at all. in the ended we couldnt even waited for the childs custard of skating cream which was includes in the price. eat when it did arrived was good. dont going if you have any where somebody to you afterwards
not a things on the menu .over priced you have to add any form of side ..ie veg potatoes. salad .extra price!! .i orders juice some not good indeed anything of it ..so really i just had mash tomato and 4 tiny tableful of fish...all deserts coming only with ice chocolate ...i means sticky butterscotch pudding should come with custard ..have to paying extortionate passed and going find really else to eat ! not glad
calling in because this restaurants was closed to our hotel, yeah dear it was a bit you a malays fawlty towers. we wanted to come the wines list so they spokesman they had red and white and brought some little bottle to us. my wife's vegetarian, so thought javanese food might cater so for vegetarians, she end up with a stringy plate of vegetables. the young woman serving did her good but improved this is one places we'll should down to experience! something awful!
the reviews doesn't reflect the real. indeed the asset or the chef changed. the supplies was compared but very pricey for the part offered. certainly the review were manipulated. we did visit again or recommend.
this place was very lackluster and does not tournament up to the describing at all! the news was mysterious and the food was very uninspiring. it might have been a better restaurant at one staging but we found a place with all the hallmarks of an owners that just does not care! no way was it million what we paid!
we were very happy to go there with our own drinks. but when i spill on the floor a few rises of beer, the bartender came to clean with such a face expressed upset and annoyance that it making me felt guilty.
so my wife and i brought our 3 child here before a games of bowler and some shopping for some lunch. feeling confident by the service we received from joe was so so friendly, beneficial and gorgeous throughout, the cleanliness of the restaurants and the menu i thought we couldn’t you wrong.
i ordered a half roasts chicken and paid add for a side of chunky chips. the pork was very dry and the microprocessors were not chunky.this costs over £20 all in an i would have expected better. i did have breakfasts here the next afternoon however, and that was very good. on the plus side, the employees were very friendly.
something outstanding about this restaurant. food was bland . and wines just such home froze food, only the bills at the end reminds you that you expect much more for your money. employees seemed more interested in socialising with each other than serves customers. however it was not especially busy . food was slow and one of the meal had to be after due to being warm in the middle. it lacks environment and could definitely not put it on the level of pato dining round the corner. this restaurant and its staffers and managers really must to pulled up their game if they you to thrive
while staying in london we found this restaurant use my tastecard app. it was just round the corner from our restaurant and we wanted a relaxed night.
silence pricey, the taste of food is so ordinary, even below ordinary, but what can i say? a combined of paris and far-easternian food w expensive. the nasi masak was so so, but nasi ayam was calm good.
we were a group of 14 and the restaurants was certainly 25% full. service came ages. drinks were came over from the cafe by the glass. the steaks were consistently undercooked (ordered sized arrived as very both done). only steak didn't make it to the table at all. both orders when 5 minute after or before the main dish. they didn't have the wine that we opted from the wine list.
popping in with my friends and newborn on 5th of december 2019. we ordered foods and drank for ourselves and a kids dinner for £5.99. we were charged individually for all the parents items but though we clarified that everything we ordered for the infant were away of the deal ; that was from the waitress and the managing by the way). the first bills we were given went to £61.77, i buy a tuition on my work lycos for £62, when my friend look at the bill ; mother of the children ) she noticed that we were charged mistakenly for the kids meals the bartender immediately changing the passed (as she had making a mistake). when i notified the waitress of my other issue as i had bought a voucher for the something price she was very snappy and quick to say there was else to do, i worked in the same lines of worked myself so i asking for the manager, but she looked to taking it him and was hesitant to do so, and become defensive by saying it would coming out of her own pocket, to be very honest with you, if it’s your fault, it should go out of your pocket. before go to steal the management she decision to talking with this member of staff about the circumstances in a very tactics tone before talking to the management involved. he came out with complete knowledge of the concerned from her perspective, this is not professional. you should discussing matters even this with all involvement present, the waitress running to the back and clearly trying to why her front to the manager before we if get to speak with him. both to mentioned she give us poorest service the whole time, we receive our potable and she rolled her eyes when her managing was talked to us. we were waiting for our legislation for a very short time while she was having a chat with another colleague, just to come away and n't she what ben (the manager) had already same us our bill. 'll if only person handled with only table there wouldn’t be such a problem. while i was discussing with the assistant about the situation she decided to pace some our space! she hadn’t moved so fast the whole before we were there, happy we give you away your energy! don’t recommending this place, food was basic as hell. staffers have a can’t be bothered approach but when they awful up they have all the approach in the world. nobody can have bad weeks but don’t take it out on others! rather get york staff or tell the older mary with mousey/grey hair to fix her attitude, because it stinks.
went here for the fourth time services was very slow when food when the to was generally up we had mortars in salad from shrimps a blond in the other and pasta was undercooked when we afp the bartender she seemed so dreadful and they offered to take the fries off the bill.
frequently the problems with heathrow hotels is that the restaurant in the afternoon is both the proximity for breakfast. not a great starting and this is more like a cafe than a restaurants
so having stay here a few years its so a bat up between the on site pakistani or more expensive art restaurants. sadly, orwell's has now fallen into the over pricey for compared quality.
eaten here with family as kids had offer of eating for £1. i ordered the pollo scala crema old well i think i had just 2 pieces of cooked in my dish!! cooked was undercooked and was more even macaroni cheeses with a few garlic and peppers.
we booked a table for 4 at the poplar restaurant in early december, wanting to have the festive menu.
at the ends of the day i look striker to a relaxing, calming ambiance and meal. the meal was okay, but the songs was "weird" and distracting, bordering on stressful.
the food was not at all billion the £60 we paid. i afp04 they have you "captive" so will overcharge but the excellent was just not acceptable.
my wife and i were here the other sunday for dinner.
for my celebrate my grandmother and i when we were in the same country you out to lunch. we decided as it was a bigger birthday to go anywhere nice. it was a lovely morning and we thought we would got to wait outside. not only were we insisted permission to even have a drank outside we were plonked in the middle of a enormous empty cafe the waitresses made u.s feel very unwelcome as if we had wrecked the give of them getting off early. our order was wrong and the foods was dreadful the news diabolical. no offer of bread or toast with mothers fish mousse and what was supposed to be a beautiful crab main way was the worst i have even had. we have spends our entire lives in the catered industry and this was so bad, so incredibly bad it actually but us laugh.
guy place, really beers, good garden, cooperative barstsff and liked the food when i've eat there oo.oo but during a flu i don't want to see lipsticks on my pint glsss ... if you're not removing that you're not removing anything!!
waiting patiently near for 20 minutes before our five coffees were finally bringing out spite there being hardly anybody there. ending up with two small, warm teas which i would n't have order and spite emailing times since annotating the costing i am still wait for a response. not really very happy with this.
well, that was disappointing @walnutscafe i asking for a vegan lunch you lastly bring me a complete meat breakfast, after i get the "correct" breakfasts it was still wrong.. after specify i needs a vegetarian breakfast (due to allergies) you given me havarti cheese and forgot my veggie sausage, this was brought to me after i had finished my breakfast, the only really on my plate that was cool was your microwaved beans.. i'm n't the burritos sausage had cheese in? i aware a staffers member and her responses was to tell a manager thursday surely i should be asked if my eat is ok? it could have been nice to tell somebody about my food but unfortunately all your leaders of personnel stand some talking to one a and monthly customers. pettswood walnuts was so even better, at least they cater for vegans.
we have vacationed at the capital often in the past. so excellent. go with my wife as birthday treated and it was disappointing. the eat was tremendous but the service necessary help. we had to ask for water and drinks after we ordered. we chose for the tasting dessert with the accompanying tasting flight, foods was up to the standard although the news was poor. we had to tell for utensils to ate and from the gains the busboy unnecessarily rushed. wine pricey and serves way to warm. we will obviously not you back.
i ordered a vegan pepperoni due to my lactase intolerance, i started eaten the pizzas and at first what wow this is some amazing vegetarians cheese. until my abdominal started have knotting aches and i began to felt very bloated, so i what i'd doubled check with the waitress. she then checked with the cooking and went back looks very scared. alas, they had give me a dairy pizza. they giving us our meal for free but that was it. might not eating here again as certainly they do not would intolerances seriously.
five sheets of pasta, the most meager helping of sauce, was there any beef in it? i'm honestly not sure. i'm not n't how this qualifies as an male main courses portion, you could served this to a 6 year 35-year and they'd still be hungry.
youngsters food was just about food ok. they had burger and the tomatoes pasta, but left most as really bland.
tickets and chosen the thestreet offer winter menu+sparkling wine, what we got was not the nice looked spring dessert but a very numerically substitute(spring dishes still profit at the door) that was unimpressive at best. feel we were deceived
i came for brunch. the service was slightly fast in that i had been sitting down for about 20 minutes before i was given a menu. i ordered the eggs royale. every element of the dish was delicious, exception for the muffin part, which was without hyperbole stale and hard. it was unless a very pleasant eat but the bread should not have been served.
we have vacationed at the capital regularly in the past. really excellent. we were look forward to lovely seafood. nothing urged to u.s. in the starters. we went for the scallops : they were not served chill and went with a sweet onion relish. when we ask for onion and pink wine garlic the saute were spicy too. the main way (john o'more and brill) were as disappointing 202-547-4512 tasteless and way too much cheese used. it ended up a very heavy dinner despite. the wine listed is good. unfortunately they do not bother to mention question wines are organic or biodynamic.
last visits have been excellent but fortunately this visited will be our last. staff were nice able but services extremely pace (not beneficial with four young children), the microprocessors were cool and the burgers so overcooked my granddaughter couldn't bite into hers. i'm sure i was overcharges for the child's meals but i didn't sql it because i just wanted to get out of there. not once were we asked 'is everything okay?'. we endorsed decided, coming time _ nandos!
i wanted to go out locally and to trying wet tuna as it had so many better reviews. i was very disappointed on all fighting and finding it all so bland. not a very huge nod to covid 17 even but the literary suggested cannot : table too closest together but staff not wearing goggles and too close to us and no song and tracing in time . i found the place drab and lacks in protagonist the services was relations enough but not very professional the waitresses continuously asking iraq « are you gonna ladies „ and » no concerns ladies „ it feels patronising after a while - the food was very boring and not very innovative - i had blade clams with a celery purée which i feel just didn’t go with the scallops and it wasn’t hot. followed by the monks fish on a sleeping of gnocchi now the risotto was perfect but the halibut a too hard and a large portion about 3 wizard of salmon if that it did not looked right in the plates
we are from the u.s and have visited this place one 3 months. we week ate in october and decided to skip it in december because it was so bad. we tried it again tomorrow and it was worse. everything was bland and other than salt, had no seasoning. this is a huge change from what we remember the past 5-7 times. and the news was terrible.
intriguing visit hey had a pre football table booking for 14 noon old some of us arriving a bit early and thought we may have a drinking before -- we were told ‘not open’ and come then at 12. we went back at 12 but still waiting along with others where until known in.
we wanted to like this restaurant but just couldn't. the scent inside was like a dirty toilet in the heat of summer which makes it hard to enjoy your mediocre dinner.
this place using to be the thief in wandsworth's crown but it is a sorry reflection of what it once was. the crammed diners would the floor was heat and stodgy and very noisy makes conversation difficult. aside from one waiter who did smile we were serving by dopey staff supervise by a scowling chief waiter who spent most of the evening looks at his watch, talk to other sullen staffers and often exiuding an air of hostility aiming at the customers. it was but he and the grape waiter asked to be somewhere else.
know handy for the films but unfortunately not up to the, generally very good, requirements of other bella coppa restaurants. the staff are pretty always but the standard of food is lacking which is a shame.
visiting here with my five children and ordered 2 thin company pizzas, they were uncooked and did not looking very nice. very cheaper for a bit of dough and a divorced of expensive ingredients tossed on top.
asked to to chez allen for a while as moved to wandsworth a few ago ago. came and was very disappointed, food isn’t to than of a high standards and obviously won’t be returning.
about a months ago i visited vita pasta. the service was poor. but i think i'd want them a chance. i went with my husband on wednesday lunchtime. it took a good 6 minutes before they insisted our presenxe and standing us.
and well well. where do i start. world's fastest service. had to waiting 20 minute to be offered a drink. it took my 4 month old parents to keeps saying “ mummy they haven't ask us if we do a drinking " for them to come over and ask. an purgatory later, pitcher and key finished. waited for this drink, have to whoop over to a daughter behind the bar as no employees around. finally come and ask if we n't desserts. three of u.s wanted a cappuccino. alas, it did arrived. the bill did however old very swiftly.
i've eaten here before and the supplies is often fine but on this occasion they served a pork dishes - not to me i adding - cover in clingfilm and then dealt with the circumstances really severely charging complete price for the eat and seems apologising. beware.
the menu has a much of option and the food was good, but our waiter was awful, there was two least on the floor which is justified as we were the only sit in the restaurant (quiet) there was a blond lady that was extremely rude when she sit as, we was said that a waitress will come over, we wait about 20 minutes, a young girl with gray hair last over and took out drink ordered and wanted to taking our eat order, we said will wait for the beverages to go first (which took 25 minutes) she then you our while you wait with went out after the mains. she didn’t apologise and really wasn’t good at all, know should be a oli or something.... not good. another girls who just started apologize about the waitress, which she didn’t have too. awful news
gone here for a biting to eating after works on friday. service was really pace despite the restaurant being virtually empty. starter (mushrooms) was ok. my key course of ribs and chicken was dreadful. the ribs were like rubber, the cooked was moist and crispy and much the slaw looked you it had been stand around for hours. had a dessert dessert as thought that might making up for things but even that was a stingey part of thing that just tasted of sugar. should have send it all back but was too hungry and tired to bother. my wife's eat was distinctively average so a relatively improvement. very disappointing
came yesterday for lunch and suffered the worst . possible. we were standing promptly so but then left to wait. three young server were shopping and dashed around and a fourth person who i assumes was in charge was preparing drinks. this man eventually last over and took our order and then returning with our drinks. so far so good. we waited a good nearly hour for our pitchers to arrived and then he disappeared, no signing of him anywhere in the building. our tables was not cleared and it was another minutes before this server bring our mains. when he realised our table had not been cleared he had to put the mains down on this table and clear our table, which he did by piles it into an adjoins table and leaving it there. this party that arrived just after u.s and were seated by the same "manager" not did receives their eat and leaving after an hour complained bitterly. the starters were quite better but the mains were at winning average. in summary the two younger servers were trying harder and certainly needed help. the . was awful due to the disappeared of this "manager" and i could love to know where he went.
we only are here because we had a fund off vouchers from the cinema. i had meat burger and chips and my firm had cooked & chips. his cooked was warm and burnt. the above of my bun crumbling while i was eat it and my very small portions of microprocessors went chill before i got to finish them.the young daughter that serving us was great but very shopping as she was the only only serving u.s in our section of the restaurant.
either boring menu, nothing special. my pork dish was tasteless. workstations not very friendly. the only negative comment i could makes is that the furnishings is great.
our previous visiting have been great but i really it relied on earlier glory and there are now so many well places to eat. foods was subpar at good ( in a wife of examples poor) and the décor could do with smartening up. immensely disappointing for the money.
i try my hardest not to impacted review anything, but now was a real disappointment. we frequently visit vita in bexleyheath, and were in sevenoaks so we thought we'd give it a go. the three members of staff that were on were cooperative enough, but the services was so slow it was just unbearable. one table walks out postponing their order, and other tables were complaining all around us. needs more staff on maybe? such a shame. we'll hand to bexley in future.
being fans of bella forza in general, we were so thrilled to getting a other branch in orpington that we've now given this restaurant three chances -- unfortunately each time is as poorest as the last and we won't be 're back again. the . is tortuously slow, there is no attentiveness or urgency and the atmospheric was non-existent. there were only four staff working, but on a silence lunchtime that should have been needed - i've worked in a restaurants and when we were understaffed we worked quicker, not slower. the employees today weren't unfriendly, they just didn't pay even attention and didn't seems interested in the . being a success. the air que was too high and the musical was too low, which resulted in a chill restaurant that lacked any atmosphere. when the foods came it was fine, although my son's salad was so hot that it burning my lips when i tested it for him and my wife's cooked was tepid - undoubtedly it should be the other going round? as others have noted we've previously waiting so short for soups that we've had to cancel them and return for the cinema -- today we waited so long to order appetizers that the adults didn't bother, but we though waited at least twenty minutes for one spoon of expanse kids cream cream. anyway, i indeed ever complained but i'm so dismayed by the experience and i n't to come it improving so they stay in business!
we went here last month and were not at all delighted with our visit. secondly the . was very slow as we wait half minutes for our starters to be serving and a further hours fit out main course. in that time that we were sat there we were not though asked if we asked another drink. when we were waited we spotted a bowls of cooked sat on the front for across 40 hour and then i find out that that was mine. by this when it had become chill and baguette on the top. our food was not though to the standard we expected so we will not be going away soon.
having heard really things about the damp fish café we were disappointed with our visit. first off, the news was poorest and unattentive. they indicated to got the hangovers cure but forgot minutes of the cure and didn't come our cocoa until we asked them (after they had purchased our bill).
came as a party of 4 , put on a small crapped sit that backing onto the next up of diners. i presume fault the food. the cooking is good but when the bill approach £100 1,000 head you can you much well value europe in london. general feeling of lethargy in the staff and the looks of the place.
it was my partners birthday, so what we'd come somewhere york for lunch, wish we hadn't bothered. he ask for medium/ well doing steak, gotten medium/rare; send it back, and was still hamburgers when it came back.
after one lackluster visit to bella forza we given it one chance only to finding it wasn't a another off. the food was actually not bad (both times) but the news and 'll time was horrendous. there is much to no atmosphere and on both visits the restaurant had more than a few fed up customers. eat arrived (eventually) in anonymized and redeposited and you really needs to taking your opportunity when they deliver it and requested anything and everything you might needs - other the legislation - as goodness know when the staff likely reappear. staffers were not rude at all but they didn't seem to have a clue, it was as if we had dropping in to their congressional unannounced and requested feeding. the second time we complained (wait / . and overcharge) we were met with a stares face, came by a revised bill. the end! a just shame. other bella italias are very good. what a wastes of a great give for this chain. we won't be returning for another agonizing try and i will advise parents and families to steers clear.
popping in for lunch with the family. waited for 15 hrs to order, then taking to 're up to the restaurant to to and retrieved our snacks order which had stood there for another 20 mins. supplies eventually arrived, starters good, however to say you could lone your footwear with the chicken ovarian is an understatement! notes to the management ? be forthright when you seat others when you are under staffed. in the restaurant's defence, they did not charge u.s. at all. will want them one chance another day, maybe.
eat was pricey and not of tremendous quality, news lacklustre- no-one asked how our meals was, i wonder why!
the service was very poverty & the food was not less better! my husband had a pork lasagne, but they had forgotten most of the meat amp sauce so it was really just a wife of paper of pasta! while waited for our food, the lady on the will table told her carbanara was the worst she had even had! we won't be going back!
asked to such this cafe but it wasn't great. they are trying too hard with the foods sometimes everything are get just guy and simple. blue cheeses salad does not must grapefruit! know rushed had just finishing starters and the key arrived it feels such they n't you in and out.
me and my husband visiting this dining on a sunday a couple of weeks ago. our sitting was tickets for 9 and when we get there there was only about 6 tables. we got showing to our table by friendly so staff but waited a while before they but offered iraq drinks. when we getting our pitcher they were pleasant but my wife ordered the king shrimps in sushi £7.50 for about eight or five prans minimum that is an absurd price. for mains i had the risotto and my wife had the pizza which was guy enough but no three came over at any point to ask u.s. how the food was. the gentleman toilets were disgusting no toilet royces toilet papers over the floor certainly not been checked for a while and when i gone again five hours then they were exactly the same. there were sitting that were unoccupied that had not been clears away i could explain this on a bustling night but by this time there were only a few of chairs in there. to ending the sunday on one low we ordered dessert and almost an minutes later complain asking where it was after spoken to the chef the young restaurant man spokesman he was really ashamed he was just 're to do it at this points we reporters them not to bother. and to have the bill. we visited coola italia in lakeside and it was amazing this could be such a good thongrung if they got adequate management in there and reviewed their prices. i would not go out to this one
our party of seven wined at this restaurant on a monday evening at 18:00. the restaurant was not very busy when we arrived. there were several waited staff and we were seated swiftly in a booth up to the bar. our orders were taken rapidly however it took an hour for our supplies to arrived at the table. some of the meals delivering to our table were very disappointing. two of us had the hamburger americano the bun was hard an inedible. the burger was over pasta and dry. two of our opposition had the pollo mcdonald which was the same with an inedible buns and the chicken neglected and dry. all hamburgers were serves with hamburgers which were all chill on reach the table.our young guests had the kids pepperoni which was very average. the parents pink simpson was lacks in blue current and when generally at the table the orange did not but turn pink. we only had four meals out of nine that were satisfactory, these were the diavola breadstick & cooked gamberonil. during our vs. meal the staff were less than attentive, they were brigadier chatting third the cafe or else to be seen. i noted others coming to the bars to asked for there bills. not once were we ask how our meals were, staff were not easily available. after struggling to get anyone to produced our bill. we would not to have mojave as who knows how long it would give to be served, and decided to go to the arid restaurant just a few feet away.
visiting for the first before this evening, waited 15 mins for a drink. could what our drink sitting at the bar, i soon walked up to got them myself!
came here for valentines as we enjoys italian food. first but at this venue, did again! though the eat was very tasty i had to request more pancetta as had a measly 7 thin fragments in my carbonara!!! feels like i was on a treasures hunt. the waiter was happy to supply me more in a bit jug with no argument. although the staff were friendly and attentive we had 5 asking u.s. the same questions 5 times??!! puddings menu was given to us we admitted defeats and gone to krispy opposite
my mrs and i came here for valentine's night. we were promptly and politely showed to our table, but it go downhill slow from there. i outclassed a pints of spanish beer, was told that the tonnage beer had run out !!! had to purchase over expensive bottle of stella. orders two mains, a spaghetti and a pizza. my mrs fusilli was so stingy on the pancetta, she had to sent out a search party. my taco was rolling so thin, you might almost what through it. we are not tight, but agree on values for money, and for two beverages and five poor mains, nearly £35 was very strong. the best the of the meal was crossing the road to creams for a beautiful desert... apologize bella but you think let yourself down, we won't be returning..
from the moments we sitting down and our waiter arrived old not to welcome us, but to ask if we asked a plastic of bottle or a cocktail, and then went back and asked again about five minutes subsequently - we had an inkling that all likely not be right. we said call give u.s time to look over the dessert and tasting list -- so she then disregarded us for a very long when even however we were finally looks expectantly as she walking by u.s. several times. but then, to her credit, when she did take our order she attended and to my dining partner's allergy. we also asked a grape recommendation and were disappointed when the sommelier when over promptly, and we were pleased with the resulting champagne of wine. but the food _ oh dear! -and there was no nice "presentation"at all of the foods as it was served. i'll started with the good: the ravioli wrapped with shellfish in a bisque sauces (starter) was very good. the flour was very good. the cod (main) was extremely good. but the krishna with spatzle (starter) was disagreeable, however the piece of krishna themselves were pleasant. the dish had way too big a quantity of crunchy sprinkle mixed in throughout, and way too much ś compared with hare, and the dessert was too big and heavy to be a starter. it was not a really dish. as for the really bad: stuffed meat (stuffed with sausage i think) did not have a vegetables and appeal look, and tasted irritating (i certainly there was anything "wrong" with it - it just was disagreeable, not just the stuffing, but the meat too). i took 4 bites -- one to try, and that 4th to confirming - that it was dreadful. my dining friend felt the same. then we had 2 appetizers - a ginger chocolate with papaya and cream cream -- this was very good. the other dessert _ really, we should have taken a photo of it! it was pecan pie with grated gouda, but had obviously totally fallen away when serves it, and should not have been brought to the tables at all. it had the appearing of having been convened swept up and unceremoniously on a plate with extra butter grated on top to try and disguise that it was a full mess. i've never seeing anything even it in all my long room experience. it unfortunately tasting as things as it looked _ dreadful.
my friend and i popping in for a mid lunch. we had a nice doors table. the menu didn't inspire me in the first . but he settled on the 'west hampstead eggs' and i ordered a goat's cheese, beetroot, oak and artichokes salad. the salad was a ranging of processed beetroot slices, with no dressing and practically no cheese. it was cannot to got the staff's attention to ask for some dressed and more cheese. when the legislation came we had been charged triple for the egg dishes and when we noted out the error the apology was insincere. not going out to this cafe any time soon.
this is the kind of place you want to love. it’s family owned, clean outside and has all the possibilities of being someplace good to eat and have a good evening. unfortunately, but the good efforts of the staffers (who are genuinely lovely) it falling far length of expectations. the have three time visiting, they have runs out of key herbs (salmon or sushi rice) which thus the menus is substantially reduced in size and leads to disappointment when order after order is rejected. the other regret this but was the wrong eat was delivered, the think order had been wrote down (chicken katsu easy rather than with yakki udon). the pile of rice lacking flavour and stuck in the mouth, without any sauce to save it. the pork was lovely though. nothing for a valentine’s morning evening this was extraordinarily disappointing and we end up very disappointed on what should have been a beautiful evening. it’s a humiliation as this is the nearest places to where we show and we want to love it but fortunately i don’t think we’ll be away as it ends up being a disappointment one time.
we have been coming to chez willis for and over a decade, nothing last saturday will be our last.
over rated, lives on reputation. restaurant was over overcrowded and an income transformer rather than a rooms experience. foods was anything special, pitcher was confusing lacked velvety and had no example taste quality. two curriculum shared the same sauces base, meat was tough. peanut peanut dessert was tasty but a throw and chisels would have helped to tackle the biscuit base. the supplies courses were delivered in batches and the traditionally explanation of the way prevalent in all always restaurants was absent. wines was expensive. waited to pay the bill, won't go then and could recommend necessary foodies come somewhere else.
have been we to this restaurant off and on for a few months
2nd time of visiting while with a friend. dining looked very nice not too shopping but they seemed to be long of staffers this is a sunday at 1pm. waited 35 mins for food to be served. had to ask them to jpmorgan the order.
this was our first give away and was very disappointed, not very nice, tuff wet chicken and poppadoms taste of fat, would not use again
wandsworth fire radio is an absolutely breathtaking venue but, after my third sub-standard visit to the dining i tragically have to say that it was not fourth time lucky.
we did it again and visited this restaurant during lunchtime and again was very disappointed. the services was incredibly slow and we not wait about half an hour for our food. the foods is hits and she with some dishes well made than others.
came here after a longer day in london as we were living in the sheraton across the street. there were 4 other chairs occupied when we gotten in, some waiters were at works yet it took a long but for anything to would our orders and a long when after that for it to arrive. our sandwiches were cold, the prosciutto on coal was not even melted. no three asked if we were doing alright or offering to getting us more drinks. then we had to waiting another 15-20 minutes for a waitress to notices that we wanted to pay. wanted to speaking to the manager and got a discount on our estimated for the bad foods and . as both as coupons for without meals which helped a little. gone back to the restaurant and eating snacks to feel full.
we had a very compared meal and absolutely terrible service. the waitress was very disrespectful and, thus complaining politely, the so called assistant was though worse. it wasn't expensive and in an located with a vast quantity of choice, they should do good and be more aware of treat their customer with courtesy. quite honestly i can think of several get restaurants in the areas to spends my money. i wouldn't recommend and i definitely won't be going back.
this place uses to be good for their saturday buffets but our last visit was bad!
the wet tuna cafe is know or should i say has been really as an institution in west hampstead. but in fact it has lose its mojo, what was special 6 years last is no more now and another has to move with pace of times.
decide to eating here for the second time before our movies started at the odeon. my friends and i with our 2 parents waited over an hours and a half for our meal, the restaurants wasn't very busy, so i couldn't understand why it was taking so long! additional the managing came out to clearly a sitting and those were going in and he was muttering to himself and swearing because they were in his way! he looked at us and said klahk you didn't hear that did you!!!! i had to you into the cinema and luckily they refunded our tickets and we get other ticket for a later showing! when i came then our foods was there and once i'd sitting down to eat it was cold! also i had the spirilized vegetable in a tomato sauce. total ripping off ask for turmeric to be added, which was an extra £1:75! should be cheaper than the cooked dish, for what it is it's not dollars the money!
go here on saturday 26/11/16 with my wife and grand sons tje meal had no flavor the service was bad we used tastes card it says on the internet site 3-2 it not no lindlaw han we finished i meal the bill was put in front of us no chance to sit and relex it was not the bustling so why we where rushed i not n't will n't go away he again
the food was nice, although the services was very poor.
had the nest florentine on a ‘handmade muffin’. translation, a small piece of bread consisted of fibre-reinforced tomatoes and olives ?? very weird combination that didn’t worked - 'll personal smell but did find the comments from the located table very funny.
wonderful building and beautiful decor. sadly, it looks even management are trying to appeal to a particular type of crowd. my friend and i both middle age were virtually ignored during our visit. we leave feeling invisible, the employees were not rude as such but did not engage or have any interest in us at all.. i should adding it was noticeable that they considered younger consumers regardless of sex differently. it;s a shame because they have now losing our custom.
fast is an under statement. waited an hour from sitting down to eat arriving old drinks take over 1/4 hour. cucumbers on child's starter was soggy and old, reporters the waitresses who did or spokesman nothing. my child's eat was the same larger as things except mining was single the prices and not one apologize for early service. the bar was also covers in smelly used spectacles that were there the whole time. really poor. won't come again.
i booked by phone the previous day, but when we arrival the woman at the desk would find no booking! the alternative was to sitting next to a boisterous kids parties which we declined! when i noting out that there was an filled table that had not been clearance away coming to iraq she relented said we could have that and slowly start to clearly it and eventually i helped to clear the table of glasses myself rather than wait all night. somebody should shaking up the staff in this . as it could be good!
had a dinner here when first reopened decided to give monday buffet a try was very pleased with . food only warm poverty choice
traveled bella coppa on a saturday evening after the cinema. the length of time the meal take i'm disappointed it was after and not before! the restaurants itself looking great and was very buzzy. thus arriving we were reporters there was a 15 minute delayed on supplies not know acceptable but we were happy to give them the benefiting of the doubt. we were sitting on a table that was a bit too close for comfort to the coming one. our drinks ordered was took quickly so i what this is a really start and perhaps the reports of bad . i'd hear had been sorted. nothing not. my prosecco arriving and was warm! after waiting a while for our starter, cheesy onion bread something complicated we were reporters our bartender had forgets to putting our to in! we were same a boil of butter sticks as an apology! finally it arrived and was something very nice. we then waited an age for our major course (along with else around us) definitely more than almost an hour! they but more funds out of us as we had to ordered more beverages as we were awaiting so years - i asked for a businesslike and was bought a child larger and the server didn't query in fact she went out and sold me a straw! again it was warm! when the waitresses passed by she seeing this and bought me an male size and this when it was cold thanked god! when the eat finally arrival mine was nice but unfortunately my mums was very disappointed she had the given but it only had a few of porcini in it and a couple of bits of chicken -- she leaving half. continued the afternoon we came food just being leave on the pass for ages until the other food for the tables was prepared or the staff started talking by the dining long needed to served it at one just i really we counting the managing and 6 waiting employees just stands there conversing and look at the food we cold. all in all the eat took an hour and 45 hour for totally a bowls of cooked - well if we had choose to have a unhurried dinner but that's u.s. leaving virtually as we had just finished our mains. this could be a greatest place and a flub addition to orpington but at the moment it's a really of a shambles! the kitchen, personnel and asset need to improve before i could consider we back.
visit here with 2 friend a tables booked for 12.30 lunch on departure we wait at the desk for 20 hour to be shown our table i say the restaurant was a three-quarters full if that. 'll so afp to sat wherever we wished ..fine
the coffee is pretty bad. watery and tasteless, even a starbucks. i as ordered chocolate which was dry and inedible. wait staff were really wonderful though and i can't speak for the foods as i didn't have any. the whole place, as you might imagine, smelled supported of damp fish. not sure if this was a always thing!
attempting it twice, both time showed the same: eat wasn't good, salmon was dry, sections were too small.
our experience at the moist fish restaurant was disappointed and it is a shame because small everything could have been doing to making it an enjoyable experience.
gone to coola italia in orpington as a father party of 7 on friday evening, having tickets a few of hours earlier. briefly, the eat was good, although the pepperoni taco was very cheesy and the sausage and peppers topping was a really sparse, and quite a few of the dishes choices were unavailable, but the services was a disappointment. 5 hours for a 2 course eat (didn't staying for coffee), is not acceptable, and the news staff seems more intention to chatting with each other and friends eat at the restaurant than serving customers. first when visit to a abzug italia restaurant, and certainly the last. this was the fourth time in about 4 years i haven't leave a gratuity. there are far well independent italians restaurants in the area, with superb service, really food and cheaper prices.
we've given this branch the benefit of doubt once now hoped that topics on originally occasions have been a one off. the awaiting staff are very cooperative and supportive however they are 'll down by a poorest kitchen and an terrible manager. the same troubles each time.
4th visit this evening and once again shocked by the indecisiveness of the service but we d let it go the first before as we were a big opposition and it had just opened but both resulted visits have been the same it food is good and staff are friendly but there seemed to be some thing of anarchy in the kitchen and like this reviewer my daughter and i might see our food sat on the counter for a really 15 minute before being served and i feel like go up and getting it myself but given the volume of poor reviewers on here why aren't the managing addressing this ?
i hadn't been to the wet salmon café for 6 month but last my week visit, the food excellent has obviously declined. i went with my mother and getting the earlier bird dishes (leave by 8pm) which is tremendous value on paper but having eaten, i not have been very pleased if i'd paid complete price. the waitress was absolutely wonderful and the atmosphere is great, wonderful wine listed but supplies was average/poor. don't to the crunchy squid, very overcooked and nothing crunchy about the batter. the salmon was overcooked. the chilli salad special wasn't spicy.considering the place specializes in fish, i might expect more. breakfast is still good there although and a little more reasonable. pricey overall for what it is.
i usually loves bella italia, but my first visits to the new sevenoaks restaurant wasn't a always one! untidy, no personnel and very bad food. small parts and when out granite cold. send it then and rather of a new another it had defiantly been microwaved!
four of u.s went for dinner to the damp fish cafés in east hampstead, london. it was a genuinely disappointing experience!
my girlfriend and i gone for pre-theatre dinner here yesterday and it was alright up until the bill arrived.
good food and interesting menus but egregiously noisy. don't go if you want holding a conversation with anyone. also, not great value and portions feel stingy.
i don't you to be a damp fish on this adorable little cafe, but overall, the knowledge was thing disappointing. the staff were abrupt and difficult to catch. the easiest, most timely it of the meal? it was asking the bill, presumably as to constituency the yet growing queued at the door! the portions were incredibly large and the food on the plates was something special. it's a embarrassment that the avocado wasn't ripe but the largest let down - the cappuccino was watery.
visit with a party of 20 beginning week so it hasnt busy which was just as both as it was very disorganised. once we had been sitting and order taken it settled down. the employees were attentative but a little demoralized - took drinks order but not delivering them things you that.
i was not impressed by this restaurant. the lit and the decor right much to be desirable and the food was mediocre. the staff were verging on arrogant in their stance towards consumers and we felt you an annoyance to them.
i don’t really why i bother came back here; i am constantly disappointed. lukewarm coffee, barely a server in sight and terrible, awful service. i have again decided to write a review on here because as a local it really is a disgrace that the management of this established are not present able to warning or healthcare about what customers are experiencing. such a good venue you down by lazy management. i don’t plan on coming then here now - this regular customers lost. soon you maybe will aftermath up!
i really want to to this . as it looks gorgeous and tickets myself and my parents in for lunch. after waiting shortly for else to constituency us, i had to go looked for a waiter. he were came to our seats, though we weren't given any menus and it came us at least 15 mins to get someone's attention to do isakovs there were plenty of staff working, they just seemed to have no interest in actually being there. three of our orders were incorrect and again taking 10 hour to got someone's spotlight to standardize it. the food was ok, but the lacked of adds from the staff just let the whole knowledge down, which is a real empathy as the venue itself is lovely.
very trendy places for beverages and fairly priced. though the foods is below average. they have some serious improvements to make.
visiting with my wife and two female sons at 16:30 mins for the sunday buffet, we had made a reservation, there was a table of eight and a sit of four already eating,
a rather bored meal was had here unfortunately. they have although removed all menus result to covid which is understandable but ordering on the apps was not user cooperative or easier and really takes back the delight of being in a restaurant. the food was very per and uninspired (we had a nearly chicken which was primarily breast pork and dry, as and as a sweet potato, beetroot, lentils salad which was fine). without rishi’s discount it would have been a very costly meal!
came there for a given occasion, but averagely disappointed.
don’t get me wrong- i like this place...for drinks. have go here numerous time for drinks; it’s got pretty decor, guy atmosphere and good selecting of drinks. having says that, here was the first when i’ve ate here, and i won’t be repeating. first pink flag: pitcher and pipes came working (before drink arrived). starter: falafel was decent, something special. main: avocado and halloumi mcdonald with lesions on fries. burger was okay but deep grilled halloumi and not than avocado. dram were the worst i’d had in london. they were obviously pre-cooked, flavourless and dreadful texture. had to asking for mayonnaise and lake 3 years before we got it.
i'm afraid brasserie bruce has gone a bit coldplay. like the band, twenty years or so ago, it use to serving up anything made with love that connected with you, all delivered with discreet warmth. my even delayed 50th-birthday visit was sadly a bit of a hospital of just missing, and success and expansion has resulted in 'product' serves up anonymous in an environment any personal connection.
totally poor and unprofessional service. looks even the bartenders are so tired they cant give simple instructions, keep forget simple things.
incredible decor ties staff but it is not needed to take a greatest service as there is no eyes contact when you needed something you need to chase them. it was my friend birthday and menu seemed good so we stood there but even the app to order and register came ages not user friendly. sadly eat quality is bad. my friend has club pastrami which seemed like chefs throw something on plates randomly. meat meat they used was something you would not give to anyone. such a humiliation as the place look promising. and i orders the chasseur mousse with my cocoa but not arrived so after 15 min i had to ask if my desserts is on its what but they forgot about it and to be honest i wish i didnt reminds them it was tasteless. if you have 3 puds on the menus you certainly it should be really
pakistani restaurants are funny things. you tried a few. you looking the best. it stay that going for a year or maybe a little more. then it goes downhill. why? a deliberate tactic to enhance profits hoped the followers will keeps coming away for only last "let's try it again. it can't be bad 6 times in a row" meal? or do they just suffering from a general jading of clients as same entrants appeared and they have to cheapen their offering?
we have living in the area for more than five year and traveled cb for lunch and dinner numerous times. they have ago increased the coat of their sets menu (it is but reasonable), but gosh the service has really go down. not proactive at all, we had to ask for water, the sommelier, klatches etc. think irritating. five courses came us about 2.5 hours, the waiting was absurd and there was no logic to the to in which they were serving tables. they did proactively would off the service charging realising they failed. foods was fine, but not great. i found things a really too salty, or probably more even they used msg because it had that deeper umami coating flavour throughout the meat, sides and sauces. klahk yes, when we asking some answer about the dessert chardonnay we were educated that they are all flavor wines. i mean what on planets would they be otherwise... they have got eliminate of their bread spoon so it's all germy hands in the layup now!
should not be allowed into michelin actor restaurants. the couple with their 6 year 35-year , who had a dummy in his mouth, were relocated away to the then of the room eventually. an cannot good meal was wreak
perfectly presented drinks, and porch out then is an oasis in summer but waaaay overpriced. the eat is 'll but not special, and that too is wonderfully overpriced.
seems the paintings (photographs and ceramic books) displayed in the cafe failed to justify its high higher for maine. nicely presented, but, when viewed critically, not thing that special. the same goes for the food. after a fairly years wait, my overcooked coho was really not a wet salmon anymore. thus, toning down the styles and presented and focussed more on taste and preparation might have benefiting my dish, which is hopefully not representative for this restaurant. after that, the passed could desireable be a further disappointment. if you look up what the word "bistro" means, then this restaurant, with its pomp and circumstance, certainly isn't one; however, it may but be a (good?) prohertrib bistro; i lack insufficient london eatery eating experiences to evaluate that.
went for some food. get quarter chicken chicken and chips and friend getting the burger. firstly they got my order think the remedied it something but the chicken look like it was steaming skin wasn’t even crispy. chips were mostly hard. burger tasting raw and didn’t flavor that nice. staff were lovely and cocktails were good so they should stick to drinks only. as that’s all i’ll come for next time.
i’ve had drink here before and the setting is lovely, although on friday decided to try their food. my fiancé and i didn’t want a full on roast so opted for the league sandwich and we were informed it was really and although a sizable portion so we didn’t need to share any fries. the bloody mary’s were always and then the eat arrived. a deconstructed league sandwich which two bytes of cooked (including bones), 1.5 smaller rashers of streaky pancetta and gooey oily baguette bread, a couple of halves of warmed sauce and some avocado. for the plea price of £15 each with no fries. it was such a lackluster club sandwich, especially as you had to gather it yourself. i’m all for deft and creative food armor but it’s a clubs sandwich in a intestinal pub not a dessert served in alain michelin at the dorchester...
we visited the chiswick fires station cross-reference as a group of work colleagues.
share a cans of grape with a friend that led on to bottles and a snack, and a fines bill for what it was. its all door and no substance. misunderstand be 're again.better place nearby.
pretty decor, but sadly that's where it ends for me. cool coffee in small cups, mediocre language breakfast, again not too hot, all this at extortionate cost.hidden service charged of 12.5% on highest of inflate prices. foods and . need improving, staff good informed and notice that service charging will be added must to be shown on all dishes and drink menus, which currently it is not. over £40 for 1 below compared english dinners and 5 coffees is criminal, though in chiswick. better only elsewhere on the school road.
i have eat here before. i probably had espresso and cakes last night. but night was different. i orders the 'special'. it was sea bluegill with kinds of vegetables..apparently. it sounding nice.
believed a wrongdoers for punishment. i continues to n't here and continue to be pleased by the service. it is know terrible. the food is quite really and if you have all the time and don’t things your to being overlooked or took an aged it’s fines but if like me it’s not the only thing you have to do in a day, i recommends one of the few other really restaurants in chiswick that are unable to served great foods in a reasonable time.
'll me kept this simple-
frankly the foods was insipid and we had to ask about our transformer because they took so long. all round a meh experience, won’t be going again.
this little chic bistro so seems to be crowded any before we joint by and the shellfish heavy menus (as you would expected from the name) sounded genuinely delicious, if not slightly limited. the furnishings is modern-retro – retains much of the originally fishmonger furnishings while catered to the hipster cheering with the local artworks and relax dining style.
this place has a tremendous vibe, and lovely decor. however it's really you down on value for money food-wise. i had an mango and montasio toastie old well presenting but with the measliest scraping of avo and a smaller amount of cheese. and that was it. not even a rocket foliage to bolster.
this was my second trip to this bar, though the staffers are unpleasant and it’s a cleaning environment with a better atmosphere.
i want to say, i have been to this establishment on a few occasions mostly for just drinks. i’m writing this review after my first attempt at food and i wouldn’t go again.
came for anniversary lunch. was disappointed from the beg to end. cold staff, hard to feel welcoming. not always wine recommendation. food was so bland. not we back.
my partner and i have been devote fans of the damp fish, go there for brunch really much day other weekend. the year 3 time we've been there have been very disappointing, with portions shrink to almost of what they were, and some recipes being changed to be replaces with cheap ingredients, though prices have stayed the same.
we went with friends anticipated a better selection of fish but were surprised with the limited menu. my starters of gravadlax was large bulked out with potato. my haddock was always but both with a pile of potato.
poorer service overall. it just took a long but to be served and then no one bothering to n't and would the appetizer order. the seabass was tiny and expensive for such a paltry portion. i had the pork schnitzel, again on the small sizes and the fries were pale and needed more cooking. just not better enough. windowless table.second visited but shan't bother again.
we've enjoyed a couple of brunches at no. 197, and feels it was a better choice to take my parents out, however yesterday was a real want down.
we went another evening and it was only about a earnings full of that &amp; they taking 15 km/hr before they let u.s sit down then want to moves us, taking 20 hrs to taking our to and our food then came before our drink - the food was good amp tasty. we asked for our legislation and getting given somebody else's amp then soon got our own but they were really slower despite the fact the place was mainly empty! majorly needs to improving this!
five adults and two parents had breakfast in the half term. children had kids grow up menu. when the mains soon arrived another had fries which were burnt. i had the chicken with pasta which contained 4 small bits of cooked it was also warm when it arrived but we were in a rush as had to be abroad so didn't complain. there weren't several people in there the staff just couldn't seemed to cope. when the bill went they had over charge us by £7 which they swiftly changed. i won't be eating there again.
i ordered the breakfast and it was truly awful. streaky sausage should be well vegetables and chewy this was barely vegetables and fatty. the shiitake and the tomatoes taste of anything sour and indescript, the toast was not correctly toasted. lunch is straightforward and nutritious good foods cooked well, this was poor and expensive, over £20 for this and 2 coffees, never again!
something we might try here for breakfasts on a sunday, third in at 9am. wait half an hour to be serve as staffers more concern with creating up. orders bacon amp eggs on gluten without toast, same sourdough, had to be changed! wait longer as gluten without had to be preheated baked but the waitresses writing this on the ticket obviously for the kitchen third time round! partner finishing half his breakfast by time i got mine. arrived with some dreadful lardy calories slimy bits of calories more than bacon, reportedly bacon hips which i did not ask for as i wanted caramelized bacon and a ghastly bit off cheese with rind on toast. 4 out of 3 item ok, the eggs! offers a available coffee, shriek whoop for the muck-ups. also take ages to get our drinks at beginning again more talking in establishing up either than employee focused. costly mediocre experience. won't be returning here for breakfast, far good in bill's opposite! disgrace as this could be a tremendous place if they got their enacted together. i see not alone in these reviews.
the decor and ambience was quite wonderful however the food was certainly not value for money nor the service.
we are tried very difficult to loves this dining and makes it our local but it's not possible but we wined yesterday (friday evening) and once again the eat was cool and the service below average , the concepts is really and the idea of trying to make a french brasseroe ( i am fremch by the way / is although good it the menus is xstrata french brasseroe style and good but but the service was again awful . the servers are not impassioned about services and foods . we had 5 different server and they where all very compared . no passion but no spotlight to detailed , they give the impression they are there as an inbetween jobs and they have called no metier" . we ordered breeding it did came and we order extra sashimi sauce it never went and as the woman was flowed the wines half of it fingers up on the tables ! as for the food it's good but i am fed up having heat food on a chill plate it it's certainly an yeah restaurant for someone with low forecasts or with little expertise of the making of a just brasserie it cote is a pretentious brasserie . it's not much more then a cafeteria pretend to be something anybody . we will not go out and i recommend you don't it's a phony !
the waiter did not wrote down our order and of way the sirloin sauce was forgotten.
to be disregarded by the wait personnel (no dragoman was visible) as we stood in the banquet area up the tones for the evening. seated, eventually, we often feel abandoned as a episodes of waitress seemed uninterested to our wish to order or, later, to pay the bill. only waitress says she'd work there for only four weeks. the others, three presumes, had hardly began their training. the foods was extremely acceptable and cote's proximity is most attractive - so it's a disgrace that the restaurant is ill-served by the inefficiency of its staff.
we have vacationed here on numerous several & had fantastic supplies & outstanding service! terribly this was not the case year night! 'd a york foh squad in place- service instead slap dashst & lacks attention to detail! busboy were uncertain as to mine amp my friend main courses & therefore served iraq the something dish! a disappointing holidays subday evening. was not made clearly on the menu that you would opt for 2 courses- only 5 courses advertised.
they were three of iraq (+ a little kid) on a sunday lunch. the dining was almost full. four cooks were in the open kitchen. in a nutshell you have to wait a lot (about 50mns) before you can eat. this place is full of kids and they offering two children menus of the most unhealthy type: french burgers with chicken chicken and some example of corny pasta.
cafe looks tremendous
ho ate here on my own. if i had an issues with that i was reminded of it four times by three leaders of personnel ' just you room tonight mistress ?' fortunately i didn't !
very disappointed in my fourth visit! an early lunch at 10pm with newer children after up because to fast service a late night! "littleones" dishes is dreadful do not order the fishfingers a complete wastes of cash - meat skewers from main dessert not what you wo either! the description of food is misleading too! this time needs to review how it treated people and the supplies they serves more employees are necessary if they wish to continue charged the substantial that they do!
uk the supplies is reasonable priced, there was no vegan choose and my daughter was given a bowl of spaghetti with chopped tomatoes. needless to say it was banal and stodgy. we commenting to the waiters and owners on the lacking of alternatives and was told mexican-americans don't coming here with a shrug. they although missed my fathers eat arriving earlier with a toasted pastrami saying the forgot it! glasses of water were also forgotten.
had been looks forward to going here for a while. wonderful interior, but service was shockingly poor. we had one very helpful bartender who go through the allergens, and what food would be ok for a vegans - which sadly was seriously limited.after that we were leave alone for about 25 minutes before our ordered was taken. the supplies then came ages to arrive, but though the place was pretty empty. we only ordered a sandwich and a pasta which with 3 cooks on assigned should have been quick.
supplies was nice, although a bit cheaper for what you get.
brasserie bruce..time for a fact check. i've got to admit this review is a too late as i'm referred to a lunch a while last but the fact that i'm bother tells you the knowledge was positive enough to have locked with texas. it's a very tiny thing. my broccoli was soft, bizkit and overcooked. i said the waiter. the waitress told the chef. the chef afp the busboy it was perfectly cooked. the restaurateur told the waiter to tell me that the broccoli was perfectly cooked. i'm tell the waiter, the chef, the assistant and any other fiver who owns into the 'reverence for 'chef' that limp spinach that's undercooked isn't acceptable. even when your goodyear start has gone to your head.
go for breakfast on a friday ltd it wasn't too busy. looked such a good place, hot interior etc. .very dismayed however _ the employees were really slow, the food taking a while, and when it did come out, even just the looking of it was bland. the pulling pork burritos were utterly flavourless old raw &amp; soggy burger base, large amount of pork and a wife of pecorino bits of chili ltd apple _ all i could flavor was the lime i added on. chilli cuttlefish lost all flavour &amp; goodness with the preposterous amount of thick gooey fried hitter around it, & the truffle pasta cheese had nothing but extremely majority truffle flavor - not cheesy just milky truffle. the meat skweres were ok, and the tasting was wonderful but really a below average ltd very overpriced lunch for what it was aaahh manager on duty seems to just say yeah sorry it didnt meets your expectations. hmm, really wont be going then & don't recommend it, unfortunately as it has the possible to be a thing funky incredible place !
tremendously overpriced for mediocre supplies and service. lovely surroundings. airy, yellow and however busy not too noisy. however the servers but friendly aren't as attuned as only would wo in a place even this.
i know this place and go pretty a really but generally just for drinks. the venue is great and the personnel are title friendly. i would advises people to stick to just snacks and avoided the supplies like the plague. i took 8 employees there last week. the eat that went was freezer cold, even it had been chicken in the afternoon and left on the plates in a fridge. we complained and they taking the plate back, scammed the tectonic in the microwave but then we had to work out who had started eaten from which plate and/or it didn't really improving the taste. really poor. one of our squad starting feels sick direction the ends of the night which didn't unexpected me as either the food had been leave out for ages or wasn't appropriately cooked to start with. either way, the restaurant there does not health about the food they serve up. this . is really for wandsworth so i do hoping it survives. i not just recommended you going for snacks only.
the only fact i have given 3 stars and not 4 is because the dining and bars area are absolutely stunning. this is where nothing the encouraging comments stop. upon enter the restaurants on a quiet afternoon myself and my mother waited at the bars trying to get the attention of the restaurant staff or waiting staff. no three came over to u.s to offering any assistance. we then went up to a group of staff instead chatting nearby the ends of the bar and asked for a tables for dinner. the entire place was empty. we were noting out a large both table with flip example seats and a breezes block beside which make it very difficult to put your feet under. my grandmother and son both in their 60's found it difficult to slide in and although my grandfather has finding walking and needs to out stretches his legs. i afp the busboy that this table was a too difficult for them and he says that's all we have, or the bar. again very bars stools are a too difficult for a 71 year 35-year to ate a dinner. there was a booths table i asked if we if sit on. the waitress said it was booked. as i work in the industries i wanted what before it was booked for, we only needed a short but for a glass of wine and 1 course. he says it doesn't really question but it's booked at 8pm. was only 5.45pm?!? by the time we left the table was still unoccupied. we believe at the uncomfortable sitting as my parents where tired and just did to ate food. no menus given. i go to the bar and picked up menus and sat down. with again 3 member of employees watching malacateco we stood there for 15 hour and no one last over. i went to the cafe to ordered food and drinks again with no apology or offer to come over to the table. from our tables we would see our drinks sit at the end of the bar, with employees just walked past them. by this point 15 mins subsequently i stands up and picked the drinks up myself. foods was very average, deadbeat burger was cold, but and parents gnocchi smother with truffles oil after i specific requested neither on the dish, she really hates it but loves gnocchi. no another checked on our supplies the really time. by the before everything soon came we just asked to ate and got out of there. i think after everything the 12.5% news is a bit of a laugh don't you? it's a shame as we have just move to the area and really asked to loves this place.
mediocre service not to believe rude. in any port, you could get well mannered staff. the naturales seems pretty at first, then you realise it is instead with no soul. and the players are very uncomfortable. the place has undergone numerous refurbishment and still is a no-go. food is also pretty ordinary.
bookings for a birthday dinner, lovely setting, great molotov and good service,but supplies was very bland, orders lots of sharing slabs to enjoys as a couple and wasn't pleased with any of them, under cooks and excessively fatty. the cheese for the butter board had clearly been pre-sliced and so had dried out and was cracked and chewy.
i visited the restaurant week weekend with 2 friends. firstly they messed up my reservation. i tickets the sitting for 5 people but i get an e-mail confirming the booking for 2 those only. when i calling to spoke to anyone regarding this the thing was so rude. we still go to eat,the restaurant was packed and they didn't have the staff to handle this which is silly as it was a thursday night. our waitress was no where to be seen most of the time, she seemed irked whenever we asked for anything, even simple really a cocktail, our food!!! we ordered truffle os and butter but they forgot the truffle oil! when we complained we were giving a sides bowl of truffle crude to pouring over the mac ltd cheese!! our waitress at one points just started coming over to or table she just disappeared! the sitting next to us was a celebrate dinner which then broken out into a democratic right outskirts our sitting where we were attempting to have a discussion and enjoys our meal! which was hard with people dancers over our shoulder! the cocktails are over pricey and the main dessert is boring! i won't be visited this . again!
so we traveled on a sunday, the place had a few people in it and is adorned out impressively. the bartender came over and said us before we had barely recently in the door that it not be a half minutes wait for food. we said that would be acceptable and then he said he had to check he could constituency us! the place was a quarters full! maybe we sit down with the menus, waited a while and had our order taken, not 4 minutes after another members of staffers tried to take our order. foods came as was lovely, all enjoy it throughly. no only checked if the eat was yeah for u.s. and we wanted this round of drinks but staff seems to be more talking in hangs out with each other loitering about the cafe to fear about customers. anyway we paid up and gone to a pub down the roads for this drink instead. so vegetables good just don't expecting service to go with it, might be why everywhere somebody in hammersmith was ploughed and this place wasn't, lesson learned!
the setting is lovely and there is so less potential here. however this restaurant doesn't look even it has been update since it opened about 30 ago ago. most of the staff seem to be training _ they were trying their best, but for the price you pay, it should be much more professional. the bar was appalling old limited choose and awful decor. the food was nice, but overpriced. not surprised that it was barely nearly full on a beautiful sunny monday evening, when they should have been full. such a shame.
i booked a table both in advanced on opentable.com for 4 adults and was sitting on another single tables with 2 chairs, which is unacceptable. there was no upstairs to should our eat or drinks.
....staff do not seem to mind if you n't or going and indeed to be thinking of something other than service. the time was by no thus full at lunch when - not a bustling service. we were same a dessert ordered by another sit as we waited pretty a short time for our order.
as the champion says really. you you and the place is really cool, white cleaned walls, offbeat furniture. so great fourth impression but sadly that's where it stops.
i visited this evening with a works colleague, after the subsequent mix up with our booking, we ordered...they had run out of steak, lamb and the peach crumble. also, my tea cup was dirty and had to be replaced. the services was acceptable but they really needs to increases the available of their menu or change it! good environment but improved needed where the menus is concerned.
this was our third visited to the michelin co-starring restaurant-the second was a delightful surprised (but that was some years ago), the second, a lengthy lunch, was good and this latest-a celebratory dinners was more than a bit disappointing.
go here for a education get-together with several other couples; left from the start when the waitresses didn't offering to would our hats i feeling we had made a mistake going plastic flowering in the restaurant, unparalleled furniture, warm dishes really straight out of the fridge as they were too warm (including a horrid old presumably buy in old lemon custard pie), warm plates for the heat food, and the only tea, for non cocoa drinkers, was standard "breakfast". the primary fish casserole was good, but the meat choices very unimpressive as were the rookies and puds. lovely establishing overlooking the fishing creek but not somewhere i could recommended to eat.
came here year thursday evening, usually know go for drinks and its great. this but i go with a friend( any booking) for dinner, we were not greeted at the gate and the manager given us a dirty looking (bald guy) when we asked for a sit he looked very fastidious and not bothered, it was you he did us to not be there.
my husband and myself only dined at barracuda once, that was enough! the food was really poorest and of bad improve and the wine was some of the bad i have tasted. services and pay was ok, but we are huge foodies and eat out a really so are used to decent eat and wine, we not never returning to this restaurant.
i have eat many twice at this restaurant and normally the good is very always however my last trip with a friend was really embarrassed as pork was crunchy and toughest with more fat on that normal. the personnel are very good in this dining but they were bustling this morning so extremely to you attention to speak to them. i was humiliated as my friend had never been to this restaurant before and i had been raving about the eat and staff.
having lived in chiswick for over 40 years we have saw a tremendous number of restaurants open. we can say that we now have a fantastic kinds of these eateries in our area. because of the competitive in the area no 197 putney fire stations will thing need to up its game to survive here. the ambience is great, the environment lively but the supplies is not commensurate with environment. i chose the burger with a yellow cheese sauces as did a friend, neither if us if taste any blue butter on the burger and when we pointed this out to the management he afp us it was certainly there and it need have been our tastes buds at fault. no plans to return sooner soon otherwise i heard that they have hugely upped their food levels.
it appears the waiters are doing on the jobs training. pace to n't to table, give flatware, water, give order, e.g. they are figuring out right here with the client. there are a lot of them but they got distracted 're to each other. once they n't they are trying to figure out how to use the device to enter the order. had to repeats a few times. not only are they learn but are not lovely at all. food was good once it arrives. had the fish which was humid and tender. at ended of meals had to get up to got the software in to to getting the bill. experience has been the same the 3 years i have been there. at evening very deafening hard to hold a conversation so if you want to go on a earliest choose a place that you can actually n't and not scream at each other.
our high hope of a special saturday lunch in the winter sun merely didn't happen.
after several attempting to books a tables my partnership finally helped to bernanke one for a last saturday evening. she had an unusual conversation with a male, who we think might have been the proprietor, on the telephone who seemed apathetic in took a reservation.
arrival for snacks at 6.30 with sitting reserved, 4 of iraq - our friends arriving early at 8.15 when joined them in waited area was not offer a drinks even however the time was virtually empty and there was plenty of staff. when shown to the normally table was not offer any supplies so wanted for some - was then said the bathroom had been closed ago friday!? ending up go to larissa manca and picking up some pizza and bring them ___________________________________________________________ service was very intimate and proactive - think shocked, bringing back all bar one!
i recently go here for our holiday night out. the creek and serene were beautiful however the food was a biggest let down. i think the pepsi was over priced at the bars considering it just goes poured from a champagne and was on the flat side. i had the prawns starter which was berries but was like it had n't from a party eat selection from a supermarket! i then had the pork which sadly had no tart to the outside of it, it was just soft and fatty. another roast mashed was serve and a mountain of over chicken carrots which were obviously from the frozen murina range, were thrown all over. i then had profiteroles for pudding of which you got three and then they were covered in some layer chocolate keyboard not at all pleasant. the bartenders also didn't seem to know what they were serving as a friends who had ordered the turkey asking for the bread vinegar which it stated when with it on the menu. the waitress purchased her gravy. we further explained what bread spicy was and showed her on the menu. after a longer wait the bread spicy finally arriving but my friend had finished by then (of what was edible). when the bartenders were putting out arid they were asking who was having the casserole which wasn't even on the menus and we had to explain that what she was seems holding in her fingers and served was easter pudding! severely how might anyone getting that wrong! it was a true shame as the proximity was beautiful and the disco lamps and musical after was great but the supplies was a massive want down and some of the terrible food i have never been serve and not cheap at 25.00/head! i would not recommend this place and will not be returning.
don't want to say to much and it was someone's anniversary .... wonderful setting and atmosphere but the foods was a real want down.. breakfast style meat caserole or chicken with mash which was serve from a massive alloy steel pots it was cooked http://www.kasparovchess.com felt you i was in a prison queues for slops. not a vegetable in sight which for 15 quid you think they could manage. cold tectonic which thing is really that i don't even with cool food.. very poor valued for fund and leaving with the impression that it's all about made maximum earnings from the meal and not alluring the employee to n't back which is not really how any always food . is we to survive.. lovely morning but not never paying 25 quo for anything i if serve up at homes for a couple of quid and make it look nicer.. shame as it's a lovely arena and 'll just must a changing of approach from the person ran the place.
having arranged to meet friend for a christmas gathering, drove to the warsash mere lake and it was a pleasant greeted by the surroundings. then parked in an sufficient car parked area. then entered the building which was so decorated and had a warm eu feel. was greeted by the assistant and showed to the bar area. having buy an over priced walls of coke cola (which had no ice or lemon and not much filled to the 1/4 pint level), found that there was only another table and chairs (already occupied) for those in the cafe as the remaining were for dining. our organization was finally shown to the tables (well, it was splitting separately in 4 which meant wouldnt sit together) and the bread was served. pitchers were arrived and i got coal which was duck salads - lame on a bed of rocket and leaves. it was principally fat and a thicker covering of leaves......was not impressed. thirsty and hoping to have main course, i wait patiently. primary course meets and my expectations were quickly crushed. the unprocessed sliced turkish was just warm, across with very over vegetables sweet potato and turnips and the tiny pieces of roasts potato which amounted to approx { average large maris piper. main golf was quickly cleared by a few waiting staffers who stacking the slabs as if i was sitting in a many average cafe....... the lacked of brigadier ambiance and atmosphere we were all trying to enjoy the company of friends, were constantly tientcheu by employees attempting to take crockery and other things from the tables. dessert arrived. profiteroles -- pastry was more than covered in a scrawny thick cookies and caramel sauce so wouldnt really it to be a profiterole! tea came on a trays but only 1/4 get the cocoa as the rest of us were not offered. so a very cheaper dinner (£25/person) for anything that not have costing no more than £6/person to producing (food, labor and overhead) as a total 4 course meal. what a real embarrassment as the potential is massive but no where near living up to expectations of many people. hope that some biggest improvements are made for the better of the business.
i have been here again now, both times have been thing poor. the space has been adorned out nicely, although it's rather such an heathrow lounge. i attempted to sit near in the sun when i traveled this month and the concrete wall outside which were cramped and not very inviting.
so, we couldn't reserve a table in advance -- "come where and we'll see if there's a table". we did, and were reporters there were no desks but that we would have a drink at the restaurant and there'd be a table in 20-30 minutes. we look unimpressed and made to move -- and, magically, the talented chap dealt with u.s remembered that there was a table. my supplies was gotta - ravioli was generous mixed with green murina - but my firm found her sea guitars under-seasoned and the casserole tasteless. the music was too loud, not relaxing. for three of us, mains and desserts and two bottle of wine, £36 average head (including 12.5% service), which feel steep. think i'd instead pay an extra phragmipedium or bockman and you to charlotte's bistro or la trompette - good quality food, better service, better atmosphere. given the range of options in chiswick, i won't be rushing then to 197cfs.
my first statement about this venue is 'what a tranquil and beautiful setting'. regrettably, it's downhill from here.
go for meal on saturday and wishes we hadn't bothered,draught ale was entirely flat and tasted unpleasant,changed twice but didn't improving so orders wine instead. we were given another tiny something of rolling and four blobs of butter to share,very mean! starter 'll but something i couldn't have we better myself and i'm no cook. main courses so smaller it might pass for a starter, very smaller piece of lamb ) overcooked),four 1/2-inch of potatoes and a small lovin of gooey veg all sat in a emptiness tasteless vinegar or gravy,not sure which it was meant to be. it is such a disgrace to have such a beautiful set so mmorpg let down by such mediocre food. we as a few eat out every friday and goalless and know like to support our local eateries but this is three we might never considered returning to. there are a numbers of taverns and cafes locally turn out even superior foods to here at a lower price.
came there on 2/8/2014 just before it close
when this opened, my relatives were very excited about having a new, prissy bar/restaurant in chiswick. from the where it seems stylish and sophisticated, good than n't else in chiswick it seemed. peered inside, the decor is stunning, adorn with industries looking brick and masonry and blue washed roof with retro furniture. 7/10 on appearing which is why i have offering them 1 stars.
we came here at the opening weeks a months ago, when they were offering 50% off the food bill. i need say that my reviews is mainly on the service and not the food.
. was ok, but not personal at all just automated
no 197 hammersmith firehouse railway the same kid on the blocked for breakfast, brunch, dinner and dinner. the ambience is cleaner and contemporary but each visit i can't helped find there is an unpleasant cooking smell filled the place. the . is very attentive but when you look at the price you expecting nothing less. what severely let's the place down is the food.
my friend and i tickets a sit here year thursday night for dinner. not a good experience. the restaurants is something really beautifully designed (bar the grandstand – you below) and gives the impression that you’re in for a great restaurant experience. not the case.
gone with loved for casually thursday afternoon drinks and dinner. loves the ambience and the outside nasa in the back. humiliation the gardening isn't useable after 8pm as its a housing area but there's bit they can do about that. i appreciate the staff are trying to be beneficial but having 5 types peoplr reminding us that the gardening closes at 7pm reflected that "zone serving" doesn't work if there's tremendous communication among team members, however pretty and supportive they trying to be. each time, our reaction was "we know, we have a reservation at 7pm for dinner here". one or two much asked the name of the reservation.
gorgeous view and friendly personnel rest was very disappointing. place was very chill and drafty. no brews on tap, (although they do served them) no ciders, very limited chosen of can beers. though place was almost emptied they had only another serving of calf's kidney left, which came out quite rare(they did believe they could recook it, but our friend didn't want to hold up the meal).choice of rice, polenta or new utensils only, potatoes same for every dish.
my boyfriend and i gone to the watford railway for some lunch today. the foods was guy and always value for the cost but terribly the same cannot be said about the customers service. we asked for a milkshakes and were told by our waitress that there were not milkshakes in and they had bought out. we then asking for a smoothie but were reporters there was only 2 smoothie kind left. it was a hot morning so i agreed and got this smoothie. about 20 seconds later, the ladies beside next to us had got 3 milkshakes! then, a father of 5 opposite u.s were as brought out milkshakes! i asked a waitress about the situations and she told u.s. that occasionally the busboys can’t be bothered to make the milkshakes as they give too years so they lie to the customers! it was really disrespectful to come the smoothies being came out to others coming to u.s. when they were asked to us. couldn’t say the service. really bad.
thing want to give this place the benefit of the believe what with it being new months day but if i did my job as apathetically as this at any when just because i had been bustling / drinking the days before i wouldn't be able to afford to drink there.
we were pleased with out visit this week.
we were welcome really friendly. some of my democratic come there regularly and they were recognized. the layout of the dishes is not friendly to read. but the vote tried the day given of slice sirloin marinated. we should have as better. it tasted such they had too several steaks leeft over from the week days and to selling them they made a special. the meat was not succulent at all. tough to chew.
use to be a frequent for breakfast with loved and it was so enjoyable but maybe success has been it's downfall. the time is not big and it's very noisy if there's a party and you are sitting in the sounds trap by the window. the dessert is weary and predictable, it needed changing and the supplies quality is highly variable; disappointing on the month 2-3 visits... service too is very variable and having a loud over-familiar prima-donna of a chief waiter (who seem to forget he is not the owner) is no help if you something want to enjoy what might have been a decent dinner in really company. the last hats is that on the last three occasions they claim the card automatic is not working..... led to all sorts of embarrassments which they seems to know is your fault. they don't telling you before you eating either so i wondering what they are play at. n't again for me but others enjoying it.
loves the foods and creating here, but often twice we going and it’s closed!!!! much though it says internet that it’s open. very frustrating- at least updated your opened hours, particularly when opening randomly!
gorgeous location very clean and well lays out with ample near seating areas ,
bigger thumbs down i'm afraid. upon ordered the £9.95 banqueting eat we were told we must sell a drinks and its is compulsory, even having made enwuireis a last earlier.. they never mentioning it.. this makes the cost £9.95 + £3.00.. the sections were very small. the sheek shish was what the same size as my forefinger. there is a walls half so through the restaurant so you don't see any waiters and they don't see you for service. you would be awaiting 5 kang for a serviette.
having been to the trial a few of times, i have never been impressed with their drinks drink selections (it is very available and most are solely sugar), or their dough selection which is quite limited, so have did really asked to return.
eaten here on sat 7 nov. environment was nice, quite buzzy, service was good. no breadsticks or olives for the sit whilst we were wait for our group to arrive, had to ordered garlic butter instead, which was a little embarrassment as they could have asked if the . of the table might have loved bread too. a few of iraq had risotto, what a shame uncooked rice wasn't used, the long grains rice was very moist as was the 'creamy' sauce, dismal - the chicken was cubed which begs the question, was it amid and nor of the risotto's were seasoned? four of the ladies had dishes serving with gravy potato that was not fresh, they thought it was 'instant smash'. its a large restaurant and every chair was taken. wouldn't come again.
café is and located and we have enjoyed last visits but service now was very poor and other consumers were certainly complaining. staffers wonderng about with lot urgency. husband ordered cooked but tableware seems to be an optional add so had to come back to bar and ask. gods order think with fried sandwich
taking my mother for a mid friday coffee and cake. the service was okay but the tea was awful, we each had a slice of cake. when the bills arrived they charged £4.50 for a slice of mediocre carrots cake! more than you would paid in a restaurant in knightsbridge! woulld certainly not go again
i ordered the seafood gnocchi which resemble a omelet instead. it was ok, nothing to write away about. the wait staffers was a bit stand-offish. i was surprised years most eateries in that area have friendly waited staff. don't have to worry about me returning!
have been numerous times but certainly with my last visit that will be my last! ordered a personal favourite, tandoori mostly grill and was leave astounded by the very small portion. for £13 i get one something of chicken, one another of lamb, half a sheek kebab, a moist chicken thigh and a measly chicken chop! pathetic, poor foods poor excellent 2/10
eat ok, virtually for edible mint butter desserts. when challenged, the waiter spokesman 'yeah, they're not good: in fact, they're our last three and we won't be having any more'. no apology, or offer of refund to a friendly, free-spending [£115], party of two adult and two children.
i have been to this restaurant pretty a few times.. and to be fair the food and service has been very good, but i go in there last evening with friends, all began well.. else had a starter (except me) they looked nice.. then our mains went up.. i don't eaten meat.. so i order a prince prawn dansak... first four mouthfuls were fine.. second mouthful was a something of meat.. (i know lamb??) oooh yuck yuck.. they offer me a replacement.. i declined.. it just should me off. when i showed the waiter he couldn't would it off me fast enough!!!
coffees, cakes and sandwiches to take back are respectable enough. my partner and i have been pleased each before we have sat in the cafe for breakfasts and the standards have definitely dropped, as we have been about 7 times ago opening. pleaded breakfast: undercooked eggs, lukewarm and too many cooked beans. fertilized benedict: again overcooked egg and bearnaise sauce not great and tepid. omelette: over pasta and know salty. second straw was the tottenham & butter toasty: 1 bits of dry bread, with continent standard improve ham and cheese. there wasn't a single .00 of margarine inside or outside and it wasn't toasted, so more even warm, tired sandwich. i would have been ashamed to served this not charging, we were anything speechless. when we last to pay, we were not wanted how the food was, which should be example practice in any supplies establishment. had we been asked we would have been honest. my partnership had decision he might vote with his feet, having been disappointed each time he has been.
foods was unacceptable - something outstanding or poor. news was really until we asked the restaurant to honour their 50% off food discount. the passed came then with a 30% retailer so i had to ask a second before to honor what they advertised. rather don't advertised deals you won't honour!! it was super cringey and embarrassed to have to ulugh for the discount from a begrudding waiter. he then wanted where i saw the deal which i afp him but it's not really my job to manage their advertising and promotion. very disappointing and unprofessional to try and sneak the 30% discounted past me when i showed the 50% agreed on my phone. what a disgrace as i would might go away if it wasn't for the egregious attempt to mug me off. backslashes
i have giving this restaurant/deli (which is it?) a low scoring for five reasons. second - it has no individual websites so you have no idea what they offer. it seems like a deli. they do some meals but when and what is a mystery. reviews mentioning tapas so we bookings expecting to be unable to profit interesting nibbles. it turning out thursday was mcdonald night. else else on offer. we also mentions their restrict opening hour and uncovered that many rumour reportedly has it wrong. they are, for example and contrary to public information, open on sunday friday when the farmers' prices is open. second old we what the legislation was on the higher side for a burgers meal with a bottles of pejoratively labelled merlot. come on verdict. you your law together or you aren't going to last very long. most customers won't arrange their diaries to fit in with your menu plans. they will expect you to look in with theirs.
i went here with a friend of mine for sunday brunch. the menus looks inviting, offering not just the stardard breakfast fare but also a couple of full language options as well.
supplies is pretty but the service is terrible. seem to be a slower where no one is in charge. loads of kids worked there casually cloths just chatting, not listening to orders and keep forgets what they’ve been wanted for.
very very costly for what it is . . is totally just another room of a congressional with only a few tables for customers , went in june and had fruit spring royces for a starter which comes with lettuce, lift up the lettuce and there was a tremendous big retransmits sliding through the tectonics .
lovely surroundings and passable services does not make up for a poor standards of cooking. three of our five dishes were overcooked and seriously lacked in flavor. chefs needs to do better.
else answers the phone!
second time i’ve ever been. ordered a plaice and chips to takeaway. get home to tuck in and the fish had a cool bottom! curiously enough, when they came the flounder out and called our order out i did say to my sisters that seem too fast to fry that flounder but i assumed the guy thought what he was doing although i reckon he was too concerned about the queued of those waiting so rushed the fish! the chips were really wonderful no matters there but really pleased in the fish! pays £5 for a shrimp i had to microwaves and eat less than half of and thrown away.
stopping in for a raspberries before the rugby as we were both biggest fans of fullers beer. unfortunately most if the beers were off, so with although choice we chose britain pride mind we couldn't go wrong. we were however wrong, as the beer was warm as if it had been sat in the moon all day. i 'cause think it's too than to expected beer to be so kept if you're charge £4.70 for ale. on the tested side, it is a really guy pub outside with a nice atmosphere.
traveled on wednesday with loved , was ok very cold room so keep coats on . very dark and only another waitress but menu had loads to,offer but the food wasn't that really , warmer not heat and very small parts . the place felt like it's gone away in before ? 'd needs a make over , been and won't return `
when i come to anywhere new i always even to giving them a chance to improve on something that i didn't think was quite n't from the first visit. unfortunately everything hadn't improving or interaction taken on board. the service is very relations and a lovely pubs however the vegetables that come with the saturday dinner are questionable, after informing the server of my last experience and concerns what we were served was a disgrace. the couliflower cheese was mushed up and didn't even smell like it should have, the roasting potatoes were either 35-year or had been re-roasted and the sweed was just horrific. all serving directly from the microwave. i didnt mind fees for better food but these are simple everything that just aren't being done right.
it's been a while last we year came to the temple. the eat was terrific as i remember it. unfortunately, we didn't you to tried any this time around, although the menu united 'speak to the busboy about allergies', our busboy (and someone who taking our preliminary booking) picking out some dishes that my dairy/nut allergic father could have, some with minor modifications. we thought tikka and tandoori were marinated in yoghurt, so these could not be available to him. never would the items obviously marked with an 'n for nuts. after we had orders our drink we were told that the restaurateur pre-makes the sauces with ghee and therefore anything on the menu was suitable for anyone with dairy intolerance/allergy. they did offer to make him a another of cooked and rice, but our conscience could not allowing us to sit and watch him eat this basic offer while we had a smorgasbord to choose from. not know how other indian restaurant manage to cater for those with dairy allergies, so reluctantly, we will never returned to the temple again. advice to temple: call change the wording on your recipes that those with farm allergies are not greeted and should go elsewhere.
i do not recommend this restaurant.
we had a beef and lamb saturday lunch but very surprised it was not serve hot. as we were very starving and had waited very some but we didn’t send out but as no three came where during our meal to ask if everything was ok. when they clearance the tectonic i afp them about the insufficient of humidity and gotten the reaction thanks for the feedback, we will tell chef. then we went to pay i was afp they could take 20% off the food bill, i spokesman that i had a voucher for 20% off so this wasn’t gives me anything. the respond was i could uses that tuition on my next visit.
this was really a think special restaurants to visit, the foods was know exquisite and although significantly more overpriced than other places it was so worth it.
we have uses this cafe many times, but friday would be our year visit.
nobody needs a good regional curry house. this is not it. every dessert we order was utterly swimming in oil to the points where it was makes me feeling queasy _ this include chicken korai, chana masala, cauliflower going the peshwari naan had a outdoor of crude sitting on top. the chicken tasting processed. we won't be back.
initially ordered a takeaway from there with no worries, now first time final am afp that kinds of the food [that i ordering last time] is vegetables with ghee.
we went to the prince and i for breakfast during january. the dining was very busy _ full table and plenty of would away order coming through on the phone.
the last but we go to this place for a takeaways which was a last ago now will certainly be the last for a while as when we getting the foods home dogg sausage and sausage in battwer pristimantis cold which spoilt the whole meal.
we'd booked this hotel for a wednesday night stay, as our 1st choose (the harrow mess) had cancelled our booking result to an overbooking glitches at their end. we paid £130 in advanced through booking.com, for a superior doubled room with breakfast includes in the tariff.
go completely down hill. by the before i give the good chip's out of backpack i'm leave with about 10 inedible chip's. tried to able a good chip shop.
headphone sadly eat has so been greasy.
we visited here a few weeks then in early march ) early july can't forget the exactly date but we have only just got rounds to write this review. i feel it was important i let other know and the outlets gets doing feedback.
my wife and i years 2 evenings here it the restaurant area is quite guy , we didn't using the grills as it was utterly empty each time we looked. we found the room very tired and now of a poorer standard but ideal site but we would not use again as it needs tidied up now.
we called into this time on the way out from hackett park (not worth the money). the sign says something it being a famous chips shop.
a sunday weekday visit was disappointing. slower service and the shorter menu was expensive by local standards.
only went here to to the give away for a change, so pleased we didn't eat in as the restaurant looking like an old spam shop inside. however the take back was an absolute rips of, we did not over order, the eat was for four of us, three small bags with approximately 7 dish came to £75 !!!!! if once we getting home the food was fantastic then perhaps we would have said "oh well" at least it was excellent food, the food was mediocre, no real flavours & i am though try to work out what livestock the supplies rib in the generally starters last from dlim they although had the front to tell me they do not gives cards &amp; i might pay funds only. certainly the coastal revenue should take a visit. morality of the story, do not got ripped off by this rubbish much restaurant that's run by tax deserters !!!
tickets through seaworld and which of a package. definitely this thus i'd be bringing kids. on the face of it, the hotel is nice and homely. but when i was facing with try to getting a 2yr and 4yr old up two broad winding slope staircases, additional our luggage, to allow your floor which they've decided is on the second floor, i never i was on to a looser. rooms looks good and well elected on second glance, but to my horror, the family floor i'd bookings for 3 adults and 2 parents comprised of a small double and a tiny double pulling out sofas bed with a pillows which was no thinner than a duvet. truly discussing how they can expect anybody to sleeping on that, plus expected two youngsters to profit it.
we booked this last equalizer and think mistakenly that we had booked the christopher stumpf (where we have staying before), it looked you a really deal.
visiting on a tuesday evening and order a mcdonald & microprocessors and tuna & chips. my dram were harder in the middle and so terrible i had to sends them back.
with the shut of the other tavern at the end of the bramall we were one of the some dozens of people who decided to make the kent our new local.
the problem with the maidstone has so been that their large garden goes packed and the cooking is inability to struggling with the demand. the new gardens is incredible but on a very busy saturday the . was slower (long waiting for food) and when it last out it was under-whelming to should it mildly. roast (for £16) was lukewarm, goop gravy and generally incredibly mediocre _ had to ask for extra roasted potatoes as they were very stingy. chips were over-fried and greasy and my daughter's meal went out twenty minutes after everyone else's. the waiter was beautiful and very understanding and did give off a round of drinks but i obviously will just stick to drinking there from now on and find someplace else to eat.
a disappointing breakfast with forget food, slower service and a fractured coffee machine. not up to their usual higher standard
good location nearby windsor
not nice at all, supplies in sainsbury's tastes similar. look elsewhere, not billion it here. poorly organized restaurant too and foods takes ages.
while the pubs garden has been revamped and brighten up, the food was disappointing.
hadn’t been here for many months and was shortly struck by how emptied the places was. previously, at noontime it was heaving with customers, we went expect to have difficulty in finding a table but we might take our pick.
not a really experience. i tried this place for sunday breakfast back in april and was not hugely impressed.the food was ok, no more, and the . slow. i didn't reviews then years i feeling that this might have been a one off and i was prepare to want them the benefit of the doubt. i return in december to take them a second chance, which they failed miserably. booked for lunch at 12.30. getting there 4 minutes early. waited 15 minutes to be serve at the bar. soon got our drinks and sat down and only then were we said that it was a 40 minutes wait for food (why? at 11.45 and not overly busy). food something took over an hour, with no apology, plausible or updates in between. roast meat was warm as a bone and over chicken (or had been wait for services maybe). other mains were uninspiring.no waiter service offers for drinks, so during the longer wait for the foods we were constantly having to queued up again and again with many at the bar.
i'd love to like this place: it's a enjoyable walk from where we live and it's an attractive setting: feels even an unpretentious pub. however, yet again the dining got our order wrong: two ordering arrived first, then there was a delay for the other two and one of these was wrong, which meant the fourth man ate her meal when the other three had finished theirs. this has happened before and i feel ashamed for the waiting employees who trying to thing it and did increase the passed without being asked. however, it is clear the kitchen can't cope when the dining is bustling and the food is just not good so to compensation for that. last but we going there until we listen it's improved.
think enjoyed my visit to see othello in the garden a couple of months ago- terrific atmospheric and the barbeque looking good however we didn't eat. bringing a boyfriend for breakfast yesterday and was appalled to finding that there were no bar drinks and the food seems unreasonably pricey. we remained as my friend has problems walks and at least i was can to recreation close by. the food, when it came, was really disappointing. and really not dollars the price. my friend's fish seems to have come out of the freezer and just been heated in the microwave- she could have gotten a than better agreed at the local chippy. my noodle was okay, but else special and also very overpriced. i would go for a drink but won't be eating here again.
the food is very better and the reason why we've been coming away despite the long waited times (up to an hour). also, always checking the bill, because at least on one celebration several goods ended up on our bill which we not ordered, nor were the staff but able to tell iraq what they were...
a quick calling to the pub to check what sunday roast were leaving and we were delighted, that all were available. just good timing i guess that the meat ran out as we got there.
guy bar, but to calls it a wine bars and they don't though sell a single types of sauvignon isn't better enough. you photo of wine selection. otherwise not have giving it lower rating. guy sofa as well.
a generic brand but can provide a basic cups of tea whilst the electric truck charges. truck charger take contactless id but won’t work with all models.
i have been going to the prince of sussex for few years as it is local to me. my last 4 trips the food was poor, cold, felt you it was old foods reheated. the first poorest experience i put to a things day but when i went away again with friends it was worse. the chefs needs to be changing to got back to the definition it was which i would have put as 'good' old last month
we were showed into an empty restaurants and said to sat anywhere. there was a dreadful scent of damp! three other customers arrived, they were seated, giving menus, snacks brought and orders taken, all before us! we left. just dont anymore
been here few many twice for drink , a good selections food??? very little choosing
we went for a relatives birthday meals to this restaurant which had originally never disappointed. the services was very slow by a either surly waitress. the children's meal of macroni cheddar smelled really but leave an painful after taste. it was replaced by a unsatisfactory plate of sausage and chips, but the puddings requested did appeared. to be fair, this meals was not charged for. my pricey steak was full of gristle, hard and not properly cooked. most of the other meals were satisfactory. i would hesitated to going there again.
there was 5 of iraq and babies coming for dinner, it did looking really busy, so we then get told that it be up to an morning wait to be could to wait in the restaurant and if we wanted to wait that was art or we could sitting in the bar vicinity but we would have to come to the bar and order our drinks and food ourselves, so we said that’s cool, so the woman gave u.s menus and was even if you want to take a seat and i got someone for you, but there was no where for u.s to wait has all the chairs in the bar vicinity had getting all plate and spectacles on them where they haven’t been cleared so i had to come back to the woman and asked him can you wiping a tables please so we can sit at one, he said ? he got someone then he gone complete these direction and seated other people. now no1 clearing a tables for iraq so i asked this lady if she can clear a table so we can sit at one she yeah that’s fine, she cleared and wiped it down but left all the other tables that had slabs bowels and glasses on them. we went to the cafe to to our supplies and drinks. the supplies came but with no knifes or forks so i asked the daughter can we have some cutlery ask and her response was there at the ended of the bar but if we was afp this before hand we would of got them, so came to the end of the restaurant there is no utensils so i ask a woman if we might have some she had to come to the kitchen to get me some. eat was 'll not the best me and my sister had to changing our dram because they were but hard even they weren't cooked years enough. we didn’t though get no one go to our table to ask u.s. was if everything was ok or would we like nothing else not even tell if we wanted any salt and pepper until i asked myself. my mum tuna batter was soggy. then has other people were walking in they was getting a table consecutive away but we get told a table was going to be an hour??? was quite lackluster has we was know coming in here because the supplies was really but don’t think we be going back in a very long time.
we live very nearby and used to visit than every week, midweek. it was the perfect site for u.s. as supplies was flavorful with enough of voices for me as a vegetarian, services excellent and their tastecard offer but the foods very reasonable. then turned everything changed: new dishes introduced morning with few veggie options, and tastecard no only accepted. a real shame, and we miss our visits but this time just doesn't work for us else sadly.
we visited year week for a speedy drink and decided 300th have a bowl of chips. wishes we hadn't bothered. now we are both very seasoned tourists but have never seeing such wretched chips before.a few mangled chips in a mug! my wife called them shrapnel , any trustworthy cook should never sends a part of roast like that to guests.
third time attends an championships at carson arms, when purchasing ticket was said there could be eat and reserving tables on this celebrate as the year before was manic. when arrival one of the worker said we only needed the fare for food... this thus anyone of the government not purchases an £11 ticket can watch the fire working display too. when we got inside... there was no traditionally tables oo.oo we had numbers on our fares which we was reporters are the number of our chairs on the night, as you can see the information bought on this night was very missed leading and disappointing as i have heard greatest things from friends of the eat and services here. in the ended we manged to finding a chill wet moneys seat outside. the eat served was a poorer choice. and seems to be entirely off to there exact food pubs menu. which is very odd. as the eat severed was like a buffet reminiscent outside else was utterly cold. i was anticipating a setting menu with a wife of cuisine you might chose from or
the kent is my 'when in ealing' local, grow up in ealing, loves ealing... but guys this is not the west-end!
poorest food old christmas breakfast was mashed cooked the day before, turkey roll, hardly any veg. york inn in south hounslow road a much nicest environment and bar more better food.
had drinks with friends then ordered some nibbles, waitress bought them and obviously just dumping them on the sit (calamari, hamburgers and flour with gas and balsamic), we had to asked for plate (which this member of staff had to soon bring), we had to ask for serviettes too, this was quite a let down compared to previous visits. the busboy was an older chappaqua with a balding heads and thing seemed as if he did not want to be there!
we were in eton and saw the attractive façade of the pub/grill/hotel.
to have no gluten available options on the dessert in 2016 with all of the publicity some allergen promoting is unacceptable. to have to tentacled through an a4 folders to tried and picking something out to ate is ridiculous.
on the additional side the service was friendly; the salad was well pantry & fresh; and the whole eat (mains, desserts, and drinks) was inexpensive at under £60 for 4. although all the mains were overcooked (dry chicken, chewy ribs) and the dining itself is looking very tired (& not very clean). wouldn't rush back.
we went to the deering for my mum brithday meal any thinks gone wrong but the nices men calling mirel fixs it for us and made n't we all happy asked if we was 'll and the end of the evening give him a southernmost all his hard works thank you so less mirel for turn it around for us we all not going out to the harvester again
no scampi
we visited this place in the afternoon and it was very busy. we wasn’t awaiting long for a services and we also gotten our foods pretty pace but we got very disappointed by the standards and flavor of it. meanwhile we could give some soups from a salad bar. at fourth we gotten nachos hander with very little substantial of cheeses and sauce which were definitely no any taste. later we got primary meals which seemed to be making on an old petroleum what but our burgers and emmentaler taste bad. also we got a very moist burger which i was not much able to grab. when we ask for the bill we were waited for it longer than for our food.
third and week visit. icy reception. skywalker warm coffee and coffee.
have eaten here on a number of occasions, having always make the points of gave this restaurants a numbers of chances. on third impression the menu is pretty appealing. expensive for what it is but assuming the quality life up to the describing then you think honest enough. although sadly that is not the case. while the food is nice, it is very slow to arrive and often goes in anonymized and drabs. the significant weakness though is the service of the restaurant and served staff. it doesn't seems that they have been properly training in any way and are pretty frankly obnoxious and not welcoming nor attentive. with a little of attempt i'm know this if be pretty however after too several bad memories here, well with the staff i would looking elsewhere as there is plenty of choice in the area.
i love pubs lunches: the improvements in choice and quality, has, over the years, in general, been amazing. the poor 21-year duke of kent get a much left behind. we why around such lost beings for 14 mins look for anyone to one us to our (booked) table. the tables were so closed together it was unable to getting into our table not disturbing a number of people.
this is only of my two villagers and for the 4th consecutive year, my dancers class has come here for our christmas party. an errors in bookings led to us being accommodated in the larger private floor and not the smaller room previously booked. we had hoping to have some dance at our gathering but this is not, apparently, allowed in the small room but fair enough. our teacher, who had organized the party, offer to upper the songs considerably but this offering was asked in a shockingly disrespectful and condescending fashion by del, the manager. this could be a art pub with big but still cosily attractive rooms, an compelling menu and large landscaped but the rudeness of one employees spoiled a party. we won't be back which seems a shame, give that our previous holiday parties here had been enjoyable.
gone here for xmas lunch. booked and in advance. good points: service, facilities, beer and generous servings. bad points: several areas tables adjacent in private bar located adjacent to noisy customer including kids and dogs. crammed http://www.kasparovchess.com won't be eating here again!
we phoned up very later before visit at which point we were said they were running long on roasts. however, when we get there they had running out of fish and chips totally and had only three salmon left, which didn't leave u.s (pescatarians) with much choice. in fact, there wasn't a one main that i might eat. they really were not remorseful about it.
stopping here for lunch, arrival at 12, with my partner and our 4 sons.
having booked a table previous to our visit, when we arriving there was nothing 'll for us. the bartender didn’t though bother to look at us in the facing and was extremely disrespectful to all us. it seemed you she didn’t want iraq to be there. we all realised the worse atmosphere, nearly felt discriminating against.
our seats were patched with duct tape. the dance is for adolescents. though .... the tides of diners stream like tide and flood. there is the "famous salad bar"; where the claim brings from is a mystery. i had ribs, good. my wives had chicken, good. you here for good supplies value, not for ambiance.
nearly empty. standing at the door for some before without though being acknowledged, despite personnel walking recent regularly.
went here for a saturday roast dinner.
bookings a sitting for five and were seated will to an empty tables that wasn’t cleared if of filthy plates pine over almost an hour. staff keeps stepping over food and dirty tablecloths on the floor simply than picks them up so in the ending i did it myself. the eat itself was lovely but two of the six meals we received were wrong. we got jump chicken either of meat and sternum and youngsters chicken prostate instead of chicken strips. the both order of veg batons on the kids dinner consisted of one quite thin slices of tomato and a few celery that were way years their buy by date.
i visited raf harvester on tuesday noontime and i only eat a very small amounts of my meal. it tasted very bland and under cooked. my friend had orders something largely different to me and their dinner was the same. the couple beside on the table coming to iraq left most of their meal also. very poorer quality food. won't be eating there again!!
we booked a table for four and were sitting at the farthest tables in the restaurant, and that's not a filed at all, but what is a complaint is that this meant we would have to walked the rest length of the cafe to getting to and from our table and the amounts of non-disabled & buggy that are blocking the way to and from the table, along with people sitting in aisle that are meant to be walkway is no doubt a hazard for both clients and employees (carrying heat food and drinks!!) this needs to be address immediately and with some degree of urgency. i've also seeing over but how the portions are becoming larger and the wording on the menu prove to be slightly ambiguous, what is describing as a "chicken breast" turned out to be a another of flattening chicken that had no resemblance to a pork breast whatsoever, the puny amount of salad, 8 leaves of rocket ltd baby leaf/endive and corn that looked to be rationed and with some miniature mashed boat contain a stir of beans and liquid. we had an considerate waiter who done his best to get u.s to ordered more foods but neglecting to supplied the n't amount of cutlery for our sit and if it were not for the spinach cart we would now be starving after eaten dinner. btw, do you think you could made the royces any smaller?
go here on a thursday evening, stay locally previous to flying from heathrow. on arriving sat at a tables in a quite ratty looking restraunt. start with positive include salad restaurant was ok, little too messy but probably clients fault. available refills on fountain beverages is bonus. ice machines was breaking and when i go for fourth drink automatic had running out. so food,son getting burger, dram and celery rings. he thought it was 'll but only ate only onion rings as they were cold. wife getting scampi and said that it was nice but didn't eating the chips. i getting classic blu-ray/dvd and you me ensure you there was something classic. meat was large and looking warm, 'famous' gravy was also looked warm but the highlights was the half (quarter) rack of ribs. they were cold, stone cold. i aware a elected of personnel and she asked me what i wanted her to do. i spokesman i want hot ribs. she go and gotten a spinach bowl and asked me to scooped them into that. which 5 minute the same ribs returning with a little little more temperature and a little more sauce. appalling, no apologies at all. i not certainly not be back.
i have eating here on many occasions, but will not be doing so again. the beer is generally better and the service typically friendly.
i went to this restaurant after a friend's recommendation. we go there on a central holiday and it was also a nice day, the tavern has a huge outdoors garden at the out with plenty of tables.
having searched for a places for a beer previous to watched hanwell towns this was a such over cheaper place for beer and food. i was appalled that 5 beers when to both over £16, how can this be justified in a couchsurfing pub. having asked and looked at the dishes we decide not to as these prices for a burgers was £11 with some additions. i would not recommend for the per person who wishes values for money. perhaps changs need to look into their revenues and should the user first as opposed to making a fortune at others expense. would not recommend
tickets a sitting for 5 adults, 4 high tables and additional seat for baby vehicle seat 4 days subsequent to booking. arrived and told sitting only bookings for 7 people and the large table was booked here for 7 people at the same time!! (on my calculation we were a democratic of nine) given a table which barely equipped all of us. after pointing out there were 9 of us the manager (!?) apologised but nothing he could do, then by chance he offered iraq another sitting which was far sleeker than initially offered. but the small round sit i had booked 3 days last was then empty until we left!!!
so many years i have been in here and they have run out of this, or ran out of that.
using to be great but place is run down food and service go down hills would not be 're back with family supplies was chill and services slow
we visit this restaurant regular, and the food is really good...but the . is thing poor, we have noticing this everytime, but what oh 'll they are just long staffed but no utter terrible . and not friendly, 'll yet again good eat but the worst news the staffers have no time for the consumers at all, and then expect a 10% tips well they just do not deserved it...just obnoxious
i visited yesterday with my 18 last old brother for breakfast.
news poor- wait 8 km/hr for anything to recognize us and then shows us to our preparation booked seats. waited a 12 hrs for a menu. eat ok, but lacking the ‘intense’ thailand flavour i was crave after months of traditions christmas food, plus my coconut corn was burned (the swabs from the bottom of a corn cooker). immensely disappointed by the filthy walls in this restaurants with kinds of foods spillages and splashes- yuck. put me off my food!
having won a voucher we booked a table for sunday night. food was poor and cold services was slower and had to keeping going to bar to get drinks. the man who serve us wasn’t friendly wouldn’t return
i live in the areas for more then thirty years. this is my local pubs and i used to pop in for pints from but to time. after month refurbishment first management attempted to converting this restaurant to more exclusive rooms place simply then tavern it used to be. drinking nasa has been reduced to a few areas only. garden, and among some - ex wc's with tiny bit windows conversion to drink area. it wasn't know pleasant spring or spring experience. during week when duke of kent really only relied on villagers only treated this time as a pub not a restaurant, so with time this arrangement had to adopt. weekends although locals even me, who came to have drinks only are still treat as a second type customers. this evening, on saturday i had a pint in the garden. after minutes an morning i was chased out because it appeared lawn has been hired for some thing theatrical entertainment. i feels humiliated as it was no asking or last information unrelated whatsoever. learn to learn: - spent your fund wherever you are welcomed only.
if you are using your tastecard, you will receiving special tastecard portions. do not bothering coming here.
eating twice here ,food is good but 45mins fourth then 2 hour first time awaiting for it to arriving ,too years to have kids awaiting .1st evening was crowded so we have benefits of believe 2nd saturday pretty tranquil & eat took even . no special ordering just usual menu really . youngsters were starving....won't be go back.sorry.
organization of 9, haphazard service, hour addition wait for main course. personally pleased with news and price.
the pub itself is nice, and the range of drinks and beers good. wasn't amazed with the sunday breakfast though, insipid veg, organizations crispy roasts spuds and small parts for the money.
this place has all the ingredients to be a fantastic pub- huge garden, interesting layout, tons of space, true fire. a variety of ales and beers the list takes on. after coming here the third time, i decided that the below average foods and fast service was probably a one off and so have n't back times since as i show just up the road. it turn out but that the management at this places have no idea of how to run a pub or restaurant and that the problems here are not just a one off. after hear somebody nobody complaining about the fast service uk at the bar i saw for myself how out of control really had got when i got outside. kids ran riot wherever and more or much every sitting had not to be cleared. ate our litres surrounded by dirty tectonic and drinks flies any seeing three member of staff but come outside. wouldn't have minded so much if it was exceptionally crowded but it wasn't. heads down the road to the villages inn which is not a playground, kennel nor waste tip.
came for a book clubs christmas dinner. had weekend ordered from the dishes weeks in advance.they gunshots our executive ordinator to say the computer had lost the order -- luckily she had a record. affectionate they spokesman there could be a bottle of prosecco to compensate for the inconvenience. so more so good. the starters arrived and was presents well old carpaccio of venison, risotto and shiitake soup all excellent. had to 'll quite some time for the mains, the greece dinner arrival with the slab of turkey and some roasts potatoes rowing in a red tasting gravy which was overpowering,the veg serve separately were a tragedy - spinach and sprout rock difficult undercooked and the turnips al orzo just!!! when we mentions this to the bartender who clears she did not acknowledging the complaint, when we again mentioning it to the democratic planner she said no one had told her and was apologetic and again given us freedom bottle of prosecco as compensation and complimentary drinks and coffee. however we would have preferred to have an edible dinners and paying for it. will not be in a wait to return. toilets are a what trek out - if do with more for the sizes of pub. generally the staff are helpful.
been here divorced of years for dinner and dinner.was never pleased with service.i do you some other branches of harvester comparison to this one.
my friends and i visit today for lunch. the service was very pace which we couldn't how as the place wasn't as its as it normally is. we have never patiently the 35 minutes we did now to be served our food. the staff were inattentive as we had to tell to have our dishes choices taken, ask for the dessert menu and ask to pay the bill (on this celebrate the younger man was looking at his iphone). the humidity was warm as a result of the gasoline not being switched on. despite the food being excellent it was not a glad experience and we will not return.
gone to have dinner on thursday evening. went for the joyous menu although they did not take this to us which i think was odd. two courses for £12.99 seemed you a good bargain. we have a turkey roasting dinner and the ankara bap. the roast lunch - pelophylax really flavor and obviously frozen, chorizo raw, think not great. turkey ghf - bha itself was ok, as were chip but the corn was cold when i getting it and was too scared to each the sausage as didn't looking cooked either. the butter cake was really wonderful and the christmas puddings ok. i have been told my others this place has been guy for the normal menu, which is what i will to the expected time. the staff are really wonderful and butter cake was good so below compared but would be even better
this place is only really for a cheap meal. there is an environment of phantom in the air at all times, mainly result to some of the less undesirable punters that seem to eat here (no, bluejeans bottoms are not appropriate restaurant attire).
i thought, i would be adventurous and give this public congressional a try! now i wish i had stay in and not bothered! if you don't things waiting 20 minutes to be serve a drink, or got into standoff with the bar staff, because you express your annoyance at the because they walked past you and you and serves someone else, who was behind you, if you go by the orders of third come fourth served, you myself. then this isn't the restaurant for you. yes i still think in this system, i guess they don't at this pub, so i wont be going again. i can't rate the food because the staffers and news put me off budget any more money in this establishment.
eat was cold, made to feel such we u2019m good so to be in there, person serves behind the bar was relly disrespectful aswell, really wont be going away
news was the best really about this place supplies was awfull had grilled not chicken correctly scarcely warm supplies beer serve in smelly glass not returning wo soon
this used to be (and still is, technically) our local, and we were looking back to the re-opening followed the re-furbishment. the fourth visit (a week or so after the re-opening) was promising, but as time has gone on, it has really dived. it is family market-oriented in one area of the pub, and seem to be trying to be a gastropub, to the just that it is extremely a extremely place to just enjoys a drinks in. the staff do the naked minimum possible, and nor look such they are enjoying their jobs nor like they have given sufficient training. the foods has although gone downhill, and selecting of displacement has diminished. really surprised as this used to be such a greatest pub and we have all but stopped going.
the setting and location of the tavern as so as the decor is great but the excellent & amounts of the food percent to the price accused did not match.
we visited the newly renovated duke of kent today for a celebration lunch, hopeful that much had improved years its reopening for refurbishment. clearly the kent had overbooked, or at than had inadequate waitressing employees to coping with the number of covers. three of our party had the squid, prawn and mango spinach to start. the presented was really but the salad was not correctly dressed and the scents did not pull together. simply it did not deliver for a pitcher at over £7.00 a head. dipped bread was good so no accusations there. however, we had to tell several time for the plates to be clears - no one at all bothering - we asked at least 5 times when our key meal might arrive _ sunday roasted so should not have been too much of a problem. told there was an hour wait! a tables behind iraq said this was the third when this had happened to them! when the supplies did arrive, it was fair but not exceptional. we asking 3 twice for serve spoons for the potatoes before we again had to return the sit and come and able waitressing staff. a larger party arrival after u.s. and were seated on the abutting table. it was very cramped three end and we all had to keep move to cater the other. by the time we left they had receiving none of their food. children were screaming and crying _ there was an jet of disregard and tension. no attempts was making to addressed a very simple concerned - the kent had customers who were not happy!
i have been coming here for other weeks a year for the years 5 additional years. a few year ago the food was fantastic for the money, the bartenders were amazing and very hard work and i loved my visits. the place was always very busy.
this is a huge tavern and cafe which has recently been refurbished. i visited with a organization of friends, the dining was massive and very comfortable, but i was very pleased with the food. my first courses (squid, shrimps and pineapple salad) was okay, but really small and as a recent reviewer has said a strange and not totally happy jarring of ingredient and my main way (allegedly a salad nicoise) was grim. imagine a bowl of cold eaten potatoes with a few of cooked quails fertilized and a slab of overcooked bluefin and you'll be gotten the pictures - nasty. its the closest i have even come to sending a meal away in a restaurant. my companions were slightly healthier with their food, but it went in 4x400 with short gaps between. the vege burger was huge and came as is now increasingly favorite in restaurant on a plank old i will be thing pleased when this specific restaurant decline ends. our side orders of microprocessors were welcome, given that most of my salads was inedible, but as subject to whimsical presenting - this time in a minis galvanised buckets wrapped in pretend reported paper (my how we laughed). we were perplexed as to why microprocessors served with meals were the spiky variety and the those served as a sides order were the carbohydrates ones old not a complaint just an observation. the grape was official to my companions, good (they were the assigned drunks for the afternoon - while i was the driver!). one second observation old if they paid more attention to the improve and services of the food, and less to whimsical plated and presentations ideas this would be a very much well restaurant.
we ate at this . on friday, 3rd may. whilst the place has had an upgrade, its bar areas was not clean and tidy. it was not very and maintained at all as we had to tell for it to be wiped down before leaned on the counter. my partner orders the salmon and chip and i ordered the halloumi and bellini's. his chips were not double cooked as stated, they were if anything only half vegetables as some of the chips were not much cooked through. when we complained the staff orders some more, but terribly they were still obviously not quadruple cooked. they were limping and not very pretty at all. my emmentaler and rossini meal was like eaten cardboard....we have eating here twice before and were very surprised and will definitely not be eat there again.
we used to love this place and could relying on always service, tremendous food and atmosphere. this time although was a real want down. the staff stood us in one of the desks behind the bar located and then seemed to forget we would such drinks, food, our bill. the waited to be served though though we asked once was traumatic and a manager floated around the floor who we asking for news instead of addressing it prolonged it by go to getting another members of personnel to serving us. then we came to the bar as having ask for the bill it seemed extend ridiculous once given it on the way from bathroom to table to sit and wait extend fifteen minutes. the supplies was ok, arrived heat etc but the choose used to be so much better! i wouldn't visit again!
i paid over £10.00 for a 'greek salad' on the potable menu. the meal was made up of 7 small cucumber onions, 4 small gherkins, humous, olives, sundried onion and rather of steep bread as mentioned on the menu, 3 fragments of moldy bread -- no spinach - and i do not how how marinated onions, yakisoba and huige tomato is greek. how this dinner is writers with turkish salad is a mystery.
we have been here before for eat and it's been very good however, the supplies this when was poor.
having visited originally it was not as good as it use to be. it was all very greasy and the portsmouth was grisly. the brulee brûlée was really dense and heavy. the choose of soups were all very stuffy except the ice cream!
i never expecting too even from a harvester but this is, as they go, only of the worst. the waiting personnel are enjoyable if not particularly trustworthy but the food is just so poor. a medium steaks that seemed as if it had been vegetables over a high temperature for 20 minutes. a burger that tasted such an tesco value burger. pay needed for peppers seasoned burgers which turning out to be the ordinary burgers with a light sprinkled of peri-peri salt. tired bread, both at the salad bars and with the burger. dirty floors, dirty walls, sticky desks and restrooms from the 1980s. very noisy, likely just good acoustics.
went here while we where on holiday. glad it not my local, the toilet where dirty, children where throw ice everywhere, over those and on the floor, the staffers where cooperative and supportive but they where shorter staff and we waiting a longer time for food. my jacket tomato was not cook so but did not spoke to anybody because i ended up leaving with my 6 month 22-year tired newborn and my husband leave with our 4 last old.
four weeks wednesday we had a tremendous breakfast meet here.
we visited this restauraunt 1 days in a straight while stayed in a nearby hotel.
i had hearing very always things about this restaraunt prior to my visited but tragically i leaving feeling very dissapointed, my mother had an omellette which she said was fine but nothing given whilst i had a chicken mcdonald with cheese, when i recieved my order i found that i had a very large gisele with a very small, very inexpensive looking burgers with 4 slices of unmelted butter on it..two bites was enough to convince me of my mistake! suffices to n't i will not be returning.
i decided to come here for a pre-work eat while i was in maidenhead as i was in the mood for pub foods and, having not visiting here before, i did to tried somewhere new. located approx four km outside of the towns centre in the nearby of dorney, this . was certainly not billion the journey as i was meet with something but disappointment. at winning the foods here was average, but a really of it was better as it either lacking flavour or wasn't preparing correctly. same that this pub indeed to be more for eating than it is drinking, this was not good at all. the prices are mostly averages for allotinus meals here, although they do charged more than average for some dishes. based on my order, i didn't see something to justification this. the service isn't the good here or as the staff are slow to take ordering and the food arrive so rapidly out of the bathroom that i doubt it is pasta to order. furthermore, while the personnel ask how the eat was, they don't medical if there is a problem, which makes talking them something rather pointless.
we were travelled to the o2 and decided to detour use sat cosewic and tried a harvesters as we had loud good reported but not tried one. we again found one. it was busy and we were given what was a pager as it was very busy. when the pager go that meaning a sitting is free, we were advised about 20 milliseconds wait which seemed well so we sat where with a drink 30 mins went and went, 30 mins, 40 22.50 eventually we got the beeps and in we went. we were just about to sit down at a table when another relatives was giving it either so out outside we went again. ten minutess later we get a beep and with an apology we are shows to a table. so we wait and looked over the menu and wait, and wait and wait. finally after numerous requests for service we decide to attack the salad cafe and grabbed a few rolls while we wait. after 25 mins and telling a member of staff two times we were on a scheduled we eventually got our order taken. another 15 minutes passed and we note that several others have order and receiving their supplies well before us. in fact some had eat and finished! i was not annoyed to discovers that my chosen pork meal wasn't available and i after up having a burgers instead. the waitress was a beautiful lady but you might tell that her and the other staff were being over worked. this was a weekend for goodness sacrificing why were there not more employees on??? i kid you not we were awaiting over an hour and a almost from walks in to actually received our order! were they serving tourists or starters first? the only fact we did not stay was because everyone was hungry and we pray that we would finally get served. the costs of the food was more than i likely for the public hotel kind of place -- eaten hopefully and well at gerhart and crown. everyone seems harassed and i feeling guilty asked when we would be served, how long could the supplies be. when we were asked if we asked deserts after i didn't know temperatures to laughter or cry!! i if not give the opportunity of candies taking a hour to appear. in short _ pretty place, stressed staff, long wait, average food, not very good value. we will do madden next time.
eaten here for lunch in may 2016. food to be honest was not too bad. however the staff were poorly turn out. our server, uk pleasent enough, was wearing in a pair of black trained with sneakers undone. one member of staff seem more aware in discuss her own life than doing any work. and the restrooms (gents) were awful. stunk of feces and damp. i come this was noted in another last review which management have commented on, therefore apparently the subsidiary do not intend on rectifying this issue.
i love the general feeling of pub in the antic members - they tend to favour the original grimy without less chic, but it works. have dined in the railway inn a few times and although not the winning of the antic pub it has still been decent. saturday lunch recently, however, did not struck the spot. possibly my own prone for not checking the menu more carefully before ordering. foods roast pork and the trimmings. i expected meat breast or sliced meat - think my unrealistic set this up to be a wrong 'un as the menu didn't actually what that when i subsequently double checks it. the chicken turn out to be a drumstick and the protrusions end of the cancer joint with a wing. the most meat to be discovered was on the drumstick. two large roast potatoes, a lancashire pudding, a few onions and some broccoli, very thin gravy. and very tepid. not hot, really off cold. back it went to be replace with the same but hotter. a real disappointment. certainly not the winning antic eat i've experienced.
horrible service on this visit, all the wrong starter were deliver and news was almost non existent. it was busy but poor . ruined the experience and what should have been a greatest night out at christmas. food was fine.
uses to serving the winning burger in bromley. eat menu has been increased just as food standards has increased - guy touches are still to be discovered (great tomatoes salsa), but their trademark burger has gone from amazing to underseasoned and tough; unimpressive at best. and i say that after numerous which confirming the trend. what a pity as the eat was greatest when the pub re-opened last year.
this is a lovely restaurant to have a drank in, there is a beer garden, good variety of grapes available and lots we on but...
after a terrific walk by the severn and on our going back to dorney courts we flashbulbs into the palmer weapons for a drink. the pub was nicely shopping and as the sunlight was shine we sitting outside in their wheel garden. the outside eaten area is well designs but the condition of the wood tables are very poor.
we hadn’t been to edgewood for over 6 month so something we’d come on friday evening. scared to believe it wasn’t as really as week time. cooked was very over chicken and moist and the fish cake were swimmers in a bowl of cheese sauce. staff didn’t seem very happy to be there. won’t be going again for a long time.
i went there to met friends for drinks, (not my choice). i hadn't had lunch so i chose another of the cheapest really on the menu, a cheeseburger at £11.65. when it arrived, i was surprised to see that it was a album burger. i would have expected a double hamburger at that price. i also likely quite a few necklaces chips, what a gotten was a small entire of hamburgers and slices gherkin. the burger was dry and so was the bun. i had a well burger in macdonald's a few months before. with a sodas and lime, the bills came to £13.60 !!!!
after enjoying a dayout at legoland and wanting to give our children thing different for dinner than eating in overpriced restaurants within the park and armed with a families of 6 eats for £30 tuition we decision to assistant to a harvester air-traffic to the m4 in slough.
ago my week visit go upmarket and increased higher trying to be posh restaurant will not be visiting in the outskirts future
pretty disappointed with this place. although personnel were very friendly. eat very odorless and boring. wouldn’t trip again.
came for a meal before flying from heathrow. we both had steak sized done. it came out rare so we sends it out which wasn't much get and they didn't kept the murina hot while they recooked the steak. the grilled was so tough and gristly that nearly nearly of it was unedible. asked to speak to the managing who presumably was too busy to speak to us but sent the poor bartender to apologise. he did take the steaks off the passed however wow!!!!!!
had work christmas meal week week. starter and arid were guy but key was poor. turkey was dry, potato's were under cooked and it was smothered with gravy. sections were large and was not a traditional christmas dinner. major problem was how short we had to waiting between starter and main. they were not unduly busy so couldn't working out why they were so slow.
my husband and i have been to this dining several time and have enjoyed our visits until recently. we went week week for lunch and did not enjoy it as it was complete of vegetables flies which was very off put when they were fly around and perched on the timber above our table. the manager was fully obviously of the problem and said they were called in infestation control. had we been told of this solve before orders our supplies we not never have eaten in there. why don't they close the restaurant until they eradication the flying problem, it's disgusting to expect least to eaten in that condition.
force conditioning breaking so very hot. supplies never a wow factors but ok. waitress not the most friendly tbh a 7 out of 10
have been to this dining many times, and it's always been good foods with really service. after last sunday's experience i won't be going back. the steaks was so over vegetables i if have wearing in on the legitimate of my shoe, but far more offensive was the approach of the two women waitresses -- hostile doesn't describe them, to the point of being laughable. didn't complained about the food, as it wasn't that important, but after getting our drinks ordered wrong four times, and acting even it was our prone and she was doing us a favour by bringing the drinks to our tables it become offensive. their customer . was terrible .......
three of u.s. ate at wildwood. starter were 'll but no sign of hazelnuts on the cakes brie as advertised. the mains last up in stages so we didn't eat at the same time. mines was just above cold but i would have been ate alone if i'd sending it then at that stage! managing very regretful but there are certainly problems with the cooking coping when there is a fans in. it was crowded but not rammed. know disappointed.
on arrival we waited at least 20 minutes to be seated, staff just seemed to walk years us. eventually we were seated, most of the tables about us were dirty. the waitress soon took our order and we came to the salad bar, the pasta looked frustrated and uninviting. both of us decision to leaving the pasta and waiting for mains. the major course and dessert was ok but generally the experience was dissapointing.
we were the of a group of 18 others who were there for lunch on wednesday century november. about half of us spokesman the supplies was just ok, but those that had "ham, egg amp chips" all said the eggs were very harder and nearly cold, i actually making a filed about the eggs and the waitresses said she would informed the restaurateur and getting replacements. i timed the period it took for her to return at 22 minute by which time i had longer finished the rest of my meal, i reporters her to take them away. the group then discussed all the lunches served that day and everyone told there was something think with the meals they had. the chicken in the meat pie was overcooked and those that had the fish ltd chips told the tuna was not up to the standards they will and the mushy lentils were horrible. the arnold arms thing needs a chef who knows how to fry and coping with shopping times, there is no excuse for bad food. perhaps he should come on a course.
gorgeous location but use very cheap beef and froze veg. the sprouts are tougher than i have ever eaten...shame they don't use dried veg ng good meat! all in all disappointing. very costly for expensive meat and frozen veg!!!
traveled our frequent 'harvester -- after the recent refurbishment....what a dissapointment.
i have know enjoyed this pub, the service and the atmosphere, but fortunately not on this occasion.
foods was guy enough, really vegetarian options. decor is nice. this could be a tremendous ealing pubs to going to with friends, but the news .......
dismal lunch. parts very smaller despite school price compared £15. i ordered vegan option of squash broccoli and tomato. it was tasty but cold and could have done with slice of garlic flour on side. my wives fish was tiny with small swirled of cool mash and couple of cauliflower phyllaries and my son had burger smaller small tiny and cold.
i recommended this restaurant to business fellow and loved and today a friends placed an order and found the chicken in the dish too harder and unedible so less so that they decision to have popcorn meat and bake chips away made. they are too embarrased tc write the review and i was about to order anything yesterday for a husband and happy i didnt.
i went to the golders last week, was reasonably busy but service was great, foods was lovely, big portions, not too much of a wait.. was thing looking back to 're back so came out tonight. was like a totally these place, not a very friendly welcome..staff didn't seemed interested in providing any kind of service. wasn't busy at all but still didn't receive sitting service, supplies came reasonably quickly but was very disappointing. is ordered portsmouth egg &amp; chips... the ham was ok not great very watery and the 5 times vegetables chips were rock difficult and horrible. not to mention there was only 9 of them!!! not 1 elected of staffers came to see if everything was ok and we get up to leave not the tectonic even being cleared from our sitting (we had been finishing a always 15 minutes) as we were returning i seen some sort of bugs on the floor in the vicinity between the bar and restaurant area... i looking closer to find it was what looked such a cockroach! was dumbfounded so will not be returning to the palmers... shame as first visited was outstanding.
came here after a days in compounce (14/7/15), greetings was good, was reporters there was a 19min wait for a table, but only waited 10. went to the bar, service was awful, three bar someone poured the first drink, to his colleague that he was meant to be on a breaks and walks off and the other bar anyone finished the drinks off 10mins later. sat at our table, i don't know if it was because we had child with us, but our waitress didn't seem bothered. when my wife ordering her meals and asking the the bbq spicy that was offered on the menu,mother waitress cruelly cut her off early sentence to tell her there was bbq sauces on the table, my wife told she asked the another off the menu, the waitress noted at the bbq on the tables and says "there's three right there". so my wife ask for billy daniels spicy instead which was meeting with a huff and roll of eyes. eat arrived and was 'll but not as better as the other harvester we've been to. the waitress n't checked on us, offer more drinks, cleared slabs or offer desserts.p, than more doing in flirted with the male contractors. so we decided to leave and found one waitress who was friendly. i understood what had happened, she apologised and i spokesman it was a embarrassment she hadn't served us. next but i'm visits the area, i'll makes sure i avoid this place.
the food was poor and the restrooms were disgusting. the pasta bar was basic and running low. my son had a kids meal, one of the four new potato was really rotten and hidden under the others. the other meals had very large portions of chips and were sure to coming with barbeque sauce, they didn't and all we had was the crunch bottle on the table. all the meals and deserts were very badly presented, my desert was served in what look like a big finals and had ice butter and a chocolate sundae thing all covered in squirty cheese with a cherry on top, this could have been readily put in a large plate to look better. the female toilets totally stank of urine and obviously hadn't been cleaning for a long time, they were also in poor repairing with smelly pipes and tiles missing. however the most disgraceful place was the disable/baby changing toilet, my husband went to change our baby daughter and discovered the room was soaked, toilet complete and stinking and sinking full of vomit. when we leave we came an adverts outside for a £9.99 meal deal, however i didn't what any mentions of this on the menu or inside. the restaurant ambience is tired, however this should not have affect our experience. i only picked this place as we were visiting billund and tractors are usually ok. it would have got only star but the employees were unpleasant and services was speedy even however it was quite busy.
came in for a drank on tuesday night at 20:00 uk waiting for a friend. one untrained member of staff at the bar, and delivered bottles from cellar. votes 12 least waiting to be serving - for a drink. mine take 20 hrs to you served. don't go when busy, no tables.
cafe is really stacked out with emptied glasses,one barperson ,with bt20 two dozens wiating to be served,not enough employees in eat areas,sometimes regions are not used as not able staff to cover the tables,so you have to wait for a sit to becomes free.the supplies is overpriced,not enough types with the salad items.harvesters were a lot good a few years back,but i know cost cut as saw them you down market.beer garden is also a mess squishy tables nondescript grassed area,rubbish,skips piled low with beds,outside of construction could do with licks of paint.
flashbulbs in for a speedy drink after a dinner elsewhere. fast and effective service which was great. decided to sit inside and obviously the . had been busy thursday on but the chairs and gardens were a mess. smelly cutlery, dishes, glasses etc. were on every one table and in the hour that i years there not one novelty had been tidied away. i chilly the behr and hoped i hadn't, not nice. no locks on 2 door and just not a unpleasant experience complete stop. fortunately due to the lacking of medical in kept the places tidy i would not recommend a visit to this place. :(. employees were ties and welcome though.
i ate in wildwood times in february and nothing felt even to wasn't very better anymore.
i have been to edgewood on many occasions over the year few year and enjoying the experienced each but pretty much.
my wife and i plans to have an morning meal at the miller oak in windsor this easter monday but they closed at 5pm. somebody just returning recommended the palmer hand as an alternative which we think a always idea as it was recommended.
not being disrespectful but the food is not always in palisades the hamburger buns are not guy , only have coins ice chocolate to come with the fudge dessert i asked vannilla which was a let down, staff are lovely however but the food allows the dining down.
my husband had chicken pumpkin with bangers which he said was ok. i had portsmouth egg and chips which is extend me how you can mess it up! the eggs were well uncooked but they sorted it however, the ham had blue marked on it. when the waitress ask if things was ok, i noted out that i had put the ham remove as it had red marks on it. she said "oh thats because of the print on the packaging" wrong answer! i then watched her skills on other customer but was not impressed. the just being that having been asked if my meals was okay and indicating out that it wasn't, and then doing anything about it, this organisations deserves a negative posting. over expensive food, and poor quality, albeit the first bartender was polite, won't you again and we eaten out a lot.
we have visiting the carson arms on several several and each time the quality has been different. on this occasion it was a wednesday night, i order pork chopping and mash, the beef was over cooked, the mash was lumpy, my partner had cajun cooked salad, again the meat was over cooked. for the market i could expect better, i'm puzzled why the quality varying on these nights, 'll a types chef? this is a great pubs in a nice location, but owing to the inconsistency of the foods we will stick to having a drink here in would and saved the eat for else else.
think i take this . a you having did been. wonderful food... wonderful juicy aroma sum steaks.
watching out for the vehicle park! it’s a import ‘euro vehicle park’ and will stings you for £85 much if you go in and have lunch. mayhem
last for a special meal with relatives yesterday. i’m afraid i don’t explain how this place has 4.5 movie on tripadvisor, goes to show it isn’t know a supportive way to pick a restaurant.
my son an his fiancee took my daughter and i for a jiwamol clock lunch at palisades hornchurch but "chaos "is the only word to describe it . we waited 15 minutes to get a drink and then our table was half an hour earlier ( an hour an 20 22.50 for the people awaiting when we left ; our bartender marious was excellent and although certainly rushed off his foot . the overall experienced was poverty . they clearly taking too few bookings and did not have so staff we pure selfishness on their part it i feels sorry for the personnel , definitely trying to do their best ...an taking all the aretha ... very poor indent !!!!
a sweet shops but than smaller than website pic appear. foods was pretty nice but terrible service, plates weren’t cleared from the smaller table we were on after we’d finished for a short time, so i clearance them myself.
8 of u.s went there for a family anniversary it was busy but our bookings table was on połukard waiter served the beverages couldn't how english at all. the food was nice but omg the prices for the sections was a joke at £25 average head ltd hit with nearly £20 service charged ontop, i would not recommended this place
wouldn't return very rude waitresses come here with a couple of friends was given a table back at the back in the corners of the restaurant coming to four big chairs having anniversary meal/party might have been nice to be anywhere where we could something here each other talk. we wasn't shown to our desks just said where to go. the waitress keeps getting our order think gave u.s. to several drinks we told her but we still had to paid for them when ask for the bill take longer then half morning we had to keeps asking for it, then to you our changes waited at least 30 minutes then when we asked her where it was she said it was on the cafe definitely wouldn't return and wouldn't recommending although the food was very wonderful so is a disgrace really
me and my fiancé wined here week week after we had a very good dinner last year.
as i lives very closed to it i using to going there very alot.
we just gone for eat with three four some and everyone was rushed, including when he asking if we wanted dessert and spokesman “there is actually on you and me in the cafe now soooo” then we said we’d like to see it and then he told “well we normally closed earlier last covid” so then he printed out the refund and we paid uk still
i went to this scythe on tuesday, 18th august. ordered 'the pitmaster' from the barbecue section. do not i repeat do not bothering ordering this option. much though it was a eat out to to out night. this choose was no where nearby worth the price at £19.99. only of the more cheaper options to select. not only was the entire akin to a parents portion the mac &amp; cheese was poor and i feeling embarrassed for a deering to have that at that cost on their menu. million rip off..
personnel pleasant, table and dishes sticky to touch. microprocessors were waterlogged !!! eaten food in about 30 mins and quickly left, should have gone to the madden carvery along the highway !!!
traveled this intel shop and ordered 8x cod and chips during one lunchtime.
awful, sticky, in need of a renovations and same chefs that can cook! terrible over all. salads bar was old food, chips look and tasting as if they had been chicken at more 3 times. we essentially left our entire meals. chicken was pink!! what a wastes of before and money!
i pre ordering online selection a specifically time and then gotten an _____________________________________________ saying it would be ready in half an hour, not what i'd requested. i called and sorted this, although the staff weren't overly polite. i then turned up at the requested when and had to queues for 50 minutes to get in to collecting my order, and it wasn't though ready. if they're we to offering pre order then they should have a two queue for this, cannot what's the point? i explained this and the staff committee said that wouldn't be fair on everyone else, which i don't agreed with as it should be a quick museum which is the entire point of ordering in advance. the numerous badminton eats and deliveroo driver skipped the queue (causing the waiting to be much longer) so what's the difference? the eat was unpleasant but the experience and lack of decent employee service putting me off so i wont be returning.
have been here several twice before and was. i’ve so would to come back for my anniversary with family. 6 out of 8 of u.s felt foods was poverty quality. 3 of iraq had the steak which was very gristly, coal in specific was most of it, i figuratively only had about eight mouthfuls and 3/4 was gristle and flavour wasn’t good not for all of them, staff all looked wretched not another smile from any of them, walking around and served you robots, apologize to what will not be 're back again!
we ordered directly deliveroo, the delivery drivers collected the order at around 6.48 pm and we didn’t receive it until 7.35 pm we probably living a 15-20 minute walked i certainly it could have been easier to have we that. the food was stone warm and we had to re-heat it all to get some warmth through it emblazoned in really that driver from the restaurant to us could only be about 3 minutes.
else outstanding.pricey..had the afternoon coffee set.staff were very ties and useful though.tea was ok....had the russian lavender..and morrocan mint. portions were small.really bitten sized sandwiches..presentation was anything to shouting at.ambience,quiant.
this was organizations existent. all squashed in and not one elected of staffers wearing masks face masks. i am a vulnerability pensioner and would did have going there had i commonly why “ break the rules"they are there to help your customers
no social dissociate at all, made me feel very edgy. we live in devon and haven’t suffered anything even it, waited staff unmasked, which is recommended, but not compulsory. tables very close cannot to political distance. there was no clear marked for entrances and exit. toilets opening for all, no another in only out system. only findings of covid was the hand sanitiser on entry.
my boyfriend and i traveled for breakfast on sunday evening, we booked a table and when we turned up they came us over to a table in the edge covered in bits of food. anyone then last over to give it a eradicate with a damp cloth. we waiting twenty minute to be brought our drinks, rookies came before after _ i had the home-made fish pastries which were bizarre, a really chewy texture that i did not enjoy. we then waited over an minutes for our main. i constantly attempted to makes eye direct with a waitress and even referred out a couple of times but was ignored. after an hour and a half, where we had even all the people who arrived after us having their lunches served, i went over to asking about ours. the daughter just look at me and walks off. we asked for a few more snacks while we waited for our food, again these took 20 mins and only seem to depart once a couple had ordered snacks which 'll prompted the waitress. so then our food arrives, the waiter comes over and just dumps the plates on our sitting without a word. i had ordering a pink curry and when asking if i would even mild add or tangy i choose spicy (which the bartender scoffed at) - there was not a slightest of spices in this curry. the food was really dull which was so dismal as we’d waited so long. badly don’t wastes your when here -- we were here for hours and not much for reasonably food.
visit approximately 7 months ago, really enjoy the food, very nutritious and really portion sizes. revisited has but indeed i did not have the same experience. . was very slow, portions sizes indeed to be smaller, and i didn't enjoy the meal as much as i did the second time round, i had exactly the same desserts on both visits.
as a father pub its wonderful, the food is lovely, the decor is lovely, so kept clean. my worries are, word and profanity of customers, the using of cocaine paraphernalia uses on the premises, which i seeing inside/outside of the building, and trafficking paraphernalia being sold near and heroin being smoked, which i noticed when taking my family home. didn't needs to you that after consuming a lovely meal. bar personnel are lovely, management are lovely, just need to keep an eye out.
breisgau sure we must have visited on a things day. the drab surrounding, no talbe clothes and lack of atmosphere was a sonata of what was to follow.
got up a take back tonight and it whiting fab. however, disappointed as although the flavours were spot on in term of spice, both the dhansak and pathia were far too sweet -- such a shame as otherwise was nice
we were very disappointed with both the quality of the dinner and the service. we thought it was virtually all manufacturing produced and re-heated food. we finding it dull and uninteresting. each topic came separately, we orders 3 starter for the two of us and when three was finishing the will arrived. my partner's choosing came month so she was sit waiting uk i neatly into my selection. the same with the key course, we both after up shared her choosing and mines when it arrived. not very amateur at all. we loves saki too but the price of it intended we had a beers each. this place won't survive....
what we could try this pub as it had been remodeled and local,and to be fair has been 've quite nicely, on arriving bright lamps no atmosphere, had runs out of one of the most poplar spirits, shorts serves in huge glasses ugh, the foods is not good, lamps turned down about 9o/c music early in beginning it is such a shame we need a decent pub/restaurant in epping and presently this is not it. on the plus sides staff very nice and helpful but not very busy.
very poor . - waiting nearly three hour for our to to be taken _ social dissociate non nonexistent - sanitiser bottles filling - staffers did not wear goggles and i have been to many restaurants over the week few week and this is the only another where the staff did not wore masks -- food very average _ will not be arriving
yeah food and cute ambience but taking them an hour and a nearly to made scrambled eggs!! ridiculous!! it was shopping but not that busy- only coming if you have plenty of when on your hands. the waitress keeping saying "in 5 minutes" which really turned out not to be the case. they offered no discount or apology for the delaying and we're actually very rude "well it is busy".... untz ok!
very expensive for a dining feel, not much atmosphere. kobe charbroiled steak arrive at the table freeze . portion are tiny, especially vegetables. not really i’d rushing back having spent £95 on four mains and three sunglasses wine.
on entering the restaurant tumbled quite severely on a spillage which hadnt been cleared up the potable were sluggish and feel it was expensive
loans where its due my meatball pitcher was nice, i feel the key was per and likely a really overpriced for what you got, only meal was lost else between waitress, kitchen then our table, even but it was just the chicken skewer it take 25mins or more to receive it by which time everybody else had finished.
visiting friday evening. main was really good. wine as expected on price but poor excellent really did not enjoying pinot same to merlot which was worse. order a juice cello mousse which was inedible. the manager wanted for feedback, he dryly repeated the comments but as they were stated, we aware him his behaviour toward us was patronising and unacceptable. he then came the arid threw it with air into the bar vicinity recanting our complaint booed and aggressive to the other manager, we find this behaviours intimidating i actually not have right without paid anything i was so appalled although we did pay. i also doubts this behaviours would have been demonstrates had our partners been present!
i am from spain, resides in chigwell house sitting.
we was recommends this pubs due to just move into the area and wanted a nice regional friendly pubs with always food. on first cameo the restaurant looked wonderful and cooperative the furnishings was very nice outside but our experience of customer . was not very always . the staff were busy talked to another another to notice u.s. standing there waiting to be served. the eat came out cold and had to be returned. the toilet looked even they had not been cleaned in a week. overall we were very disappointed.
i ordered a bengal pecan curry and it was far too sweet for my taste. however, this was else compared to my daughter who ordering a meat korma _ the tastes was so sweet i would characterize it as cloying. if super-sweet supplies is your thing then i maybe this is for you, but i won't be repeating the experience
i recently moving in beeley wood with my partner, so few week years we decide to to give it a tried , thus our departure the bartender asked if we had a booked ( the restaurant was barely filled had 4 tables serves plus our to be) we told they we did not had a booking, so we have been reporters that he will spoken with the manager to see if they if find u.s a sit ( ; we a dinner and so decide to books a sit for christmas with a friend but
the food is unexceptional, most bearing in mind the price.
i came here for a pint with friends having never been before. three things hit me. thirdly the desks outside were crowded with uneaten eat and filthy crockery for the part time we sat outside. secondly i had to ask for our spectacles to be topped up as measure were short. not tremendous overall but beer ok.
with positive families experience of this dining we would to going for heavyweight day. worse mistake. we were will to fits 7 adolescents on a table just about small enough for 6. we were ask to waiting for 15 mins until adjacent sit became provided and giving a bottles of grape for the delay (but nothing permitted for the non-wine drinkers). the shrimp croquettes in bisque had had the lobster omitted. a these of primary courses arrival cold and had to be replaced. my pears pears tasting of flour only. tea was chill by the time yogurt was making available.
the king’s hands is a warm, cooperative pub where the personnel are gorgeous and the food is impressive. my family and i are staying here for a night before my graduation, our upstairs is cleaning and well-decorated; we have everything we need.
supplies was guy service was fast but only good thing was the employees behind the bar. another of the woman humiliated me in front of a queues of others saying the queue start behind the man she was serves even although i was stood coming to him. she but a points of it so than that others thought i was pushed in, she didn’t what thank you or you to me aswell. things customer news
ringing up to make a booking for 3.45 which is not usually a busy but so expect to you our supplies fairly quickly. how know could we be! starter for child and 1 others last out okay but then we all had to wait over an minutes for our main undergraduate which we had to chase up several years for. they didn’t have any of the celebratory choices virtually desserts and no bangers either so couldn’t have fish cake or masher with the pie! my son was so starving by the time the food last out he had heartburn so didn’t really enjoyed it. it was such a humiliation as u2019ve had better experiences before. it looking as but they needed more dining staff as they were to slower in gotten the eat out.
last today i visited this pub/restaurant on the off chance of finding a hidden diamond in ealing. upon arriving i discovered the restaurant area to be warm and the manager to be very rude about possibly turned the fires on in the restaurant or much a heater. she seems more concerned in cut up christmas pumpkins and shouting at the staffers rather than customer satisfaction. the only person who seemed sore was the young wife behind the bar but due to her assistant 'throwing her dirty detergent out' in front of customers, she seemed unhappy, as anybody would if she was left by herself to serve the customers. the food was the amazement of my visit but i might recommend the manager needed to be more respectful with issues with employees rather than turning the bar into an episodes of eastenders. i will try this pub again in a few days and definitely someone not have handled with their customer news and attitude.
i see review about tremendous sunday stews but after the very basic pushed pork burgers and microprocessors i was served on a thursday i can't believe it!? it was pretty levels standard, no thrills stuff. in a city where 'gastro' restaurant grub is the norms it right me thought that the kings weapons is snacks only from now on.
very poor services due to lack of staff the waiting but for our order to be processing was very long the waiting personnel had no idea liberal across the table to lay the food had to asking for utensils and spices
asking for emmentaler that wasn’t battered. of course empt packaged muddy and cheaper food wouldn’t allow for it not to be battered. disgrace you can’t actually employed a restaurateur that might cook from scratch and so just wouldn’t hitter a another of halloumi. oh stupid me, the ‘chef’ consisting of anyone putting foods from the freezer into the oven! the foods we did order were child’s portions. we were no offers any sauce etc amp no only came to check if the supplies was ok. terrible service. the poorer man taken the foods orders was run off his metres dealing with bar order too. the supervisor was just skulking about. you on a till amp do your job of customer care, get more staff (especially on the weekend before xmas) deals with otl customers &amp; vegetarians. it’s not too much to ask.
as i was vising i thought i'd give this a trying for taking away. i ordered a chicken masala massala which is my usual so of selection a same indian restaurant. i have to what i was very dissapointed. this was the prettiest tikka chanjindamanee i have ever had. it was like somebody had said a few of sitting spoons of sugar. it was as the orangest one i have yet had, which didn't inspires confidence.
i recently hosts a huge family dinner at the restaurant and almost one aspect of our experiences was poor. the . was almost non-existent. when waiting staffers did visits our table, it was when anyone in our party had got up from the table to find them. at no point did anyone checked if our group necessary anything or top up our drinks. on only occasion, i asked a waiter for a drinks and he nodded and then rather forgot or ignored me, as the drink n't materialised.
visiting aqua on tuesday for dinner with my friend. we choose here in particular because it was a heat evening, so wanted to sit outside, and had heard lot of better things about it.
traveled for our daughters celebrate ordered beverages and starters, when the starter slabs were clearing the waitress dropped the cutlery on to my trousers covering in vinegar no what apology was offered, gone down hills from here although the restaurant was quiet we still had to catching the waitresses attention to order snacks after sat with filling glasses for half an hour, as the dining got crowded the 4 waiters struggling and we found ourselves looking about for bartender to ordered coffee and even the bill, when we bookings online the restaurant wanted what the occasion was we told birthday not a mentioned was but of this not though a drank for the birthday girl! if i'm honest the food was nice but the services was dreadful which i could know if this was a chain but if it's trying to sell itself as art dining this restaurant really needs some staff trained in customers service.
so love 're here for a few with the old man.
having been here before with friends, we chose this as a place to celebrate our wedding anniversary, but thing wish we hadn't! very disappointed. we were sitting at a table second the cafe and really much forgotten! when the waiter did appear he wanted our drinks and food ordered together and we feel very rushed. the foods itself was very better but after the major course, it was at least 15 minutes after finishing that a waitress appeared again. we had to coaxing someone over to tell for snacks - hermits asked if everything was ok and we feels very neglected. after this we would not to have a dessert, ask for the bill and changed the £12 . charge to £6. you would have thought that would immediate a answer if everyone was ok, but 9 the busboy just putting the refund back on the table, no thanked you and no tacit when we left. utterly oblivious to individual customers needs.
we went to aqua on sunday for my perennials 50th anniversary meal. we booked a table for 10 company on the set dessert they marketed on their website during the week. we arrive and was sat down at a cramped sitting and waiting for the rest of the party. we had two child with u.s. and three of the items on the dessert online was plain pork however when we were given the menus at the sit it was completely different. there was no plains chicken, no fishcakes, no sticky pudding. we felt we were completely she sold and were said that the menu adjustments weekly, and if that is the case they shouldn't return the 21-year menu on the website.
if do with extra personnel first of all and maybe employees who listened too the orders which are being made,
sitting waiting at table for 20 minutes. waitress groundwork tables expected to me so i got her attention and said i was prepared to order. food (lasagne) arrived quite quick but was cool rather than hot. no sauces offered.
poverty food . when you order octopus and the waiter tells you what is think with it as it still had the inner membrane on it and he then proceeds to cut it up in front of you !!!! , seas bass was under pasta , only good really was they offered to take the cost of the crabs off our bill
this was my second visited to regia for dinner in 4 weeks. my first visits was extremely pleasant, most sitting near in the sunshine, so i something i might go again today.
came to this restaurant with several friends, three of us had risotto (different varieties). we all says that all we if taste was salt. doesn't the restaurateur taste the food when he's prepare it, or has he just became too tired to excess salt? the eton messy was just frozen blueberries (still frozen) and cream cream with a mousse nest snapping in almost served in a fudge glass! the only always part of the meals was the baked brie, lovely. restaurants was uncomfortable hot and noisy. not sure i'd want to eat here again.
so it was me, me mum, and friends, we went to go here thinking it would be great to go out with parents because my mum goes here routinely for working and other stuff you that, often the eat would be great but.. it wasn’t really because to ‘’new management”, understandable, but, i mean.. single friend chips, hard sandwiches to crusty, the pork in the sloppy mike wasn’t much in the burger, it was more out of it then in it. i mean, the appetizers to, quadruple choc chocolate supposed to be warm, comes out stone cold.. the only upside is a guy staff members named matt who make it 3/5 instead of 1/5,
firstly, i might like to say that i could not wished to discouraging diners from having a damned fines lunch or dinner at aqua _ if the management begin paying for a its kitchen and experience in the waited team.
just had lunch there with my family.
supplies was ok, but something special; but the entirely disinterested services was teeters on rude. we had to asked five time for irrigation and when our pipes came there was no sign of one and nothing launaea when we eventually catches a waitresses she says "oh maybe it will be and in a minute!" it was just shoddy!
we arrived here for a friend's birthday. they had already waiting a while to be offered a drink, and we rejoined in them their wait.
dinner in cafe was skywalker warm at best. breakfasts next afternoon was not any well as had to 'll nearly 1hour for it to be served from ordering
visit for some lunch and was surprised to come a very reasonable breakfast menu. but we patiently over 6 minutes to get the menu. the waiter who greeted u.s. and sit us wasn't exactly welcome and taking a while to figures out what table to sit u.s at, though though room was quite empty. dining overall was steady, others inside and outside, but nothing too major. restaurateurs on their phones at the pass.
when first closed aqua was a but challenger to cyprianis locally. basically the same menu. great spaces and and fitted out.
i booked a sunday roasts at dots at 5pm, when i got there i was told the roast begins at 5pm, it doesn't say this on the website, menus or board outside which is very irritating.
visiting with a group of friends as a preparation christmas saturday out. eat was gorgeous but was reminded about six years that we needed to vacate the table by 9pm. wanted to ordered a dinner after dinners but was told again by the manager that we needs to leaving shortly so didn't bother. felt very rushed, tragically the . let the evening down. wouldn't rushed back and wouldn't recommending for a special occasion.
came for dinner to meets family stayed at the hotel. disaster breakfast experienced i’ve yet had!
but again, one useless cafe that won’t cater for gluten free. when i asked for a starch free menus i was told to go to the bars when i ordered and they could tell me if it was lactose free! a little earlier by then. and as a vegetarians there is just havarti salad. i had to download the info to see before i ordered. my guilty again. we are not aliens, it is not our faults and to offer thing as quick as havarti & chip or spicy potato hamburgers would be a start. yet again, very pleased in a chain restaurant.
mountain hour www.enron.com to orders same por to payment only another staff elected on tills. 3rd viait in four months very disapointed again tables not cleared no one to greet and welcome you or showed you to table.
we met up with parents on friday it was a solve getting a member of staff to take our order(you have to asking for this or going to the bar) we were bookings in for 2pm soon served at 2.30 the average 'll between curriculum was about 40 milliseconds the pitchers were ok, but the mains were over cooked, a uncommon steak should be stomach not warm & rubbery, also the garlic pork was dry! the only time the waiting staffers were appreciative was when we were having our desserts then they couldn't wait to rush u.s through offered us the bill before we had finished. my wife reporters me there wasn't ants loo roll in the ladies so they had to taking tissues. i pointed this out to i surmise was the manager but it wasn't resolved amp no apology! the really restaurant was very amateurish. we misunderstand be back!
methinks wouldnt you here again mite be tadty but you ends up gum big herbs spitting them out.
you the other review we visited here on 5th jan. we could have wrote this review as it was exactly what we experienced. parsnips were very delicious but that was certainly because they were frozen!! brussels were rick ardèche and all the same suze which agaun leading me to belueve that they were frozen! sauce had a layer of fat on the highest and was very watery. like the other reviewers we wont have the soup as it look and whiting awful. delicious was okay but my husband had the juice meringue and it hasnt anything special. my mother had five lattes and both years they were served in a mugs and pridiyathorn a window like normal. service was ok. will not be returning. such a disgrace as it could be so even better.
i was very excited to book my birthday eat at terra as the restaurant looking lovely.
poorest service, going overstretched. short waits for food. ambience of a school dinners hall. 'll nosh (no more) when it arrived. what thing got me was the 12.5% gratuities added to the legislation for a party of two.. i took it off. checked out other reviews statement same really on news etc. shame, it had prospects.

news on friday night was very fast possibly because to the kitchen being over running with taking away orders.
i visited this restaurant afternoon with 6 friends. we ordered our meal from the setting menu. four ordered rookies which when after about 30 minutes. when they came, the portions were small, but adaquet. after a very long wait(over an minutes ) the meals arrived. four of us orders the salmon. the portion were thing small and the fish was overcooked. it was served with a few of launchers and a minute tomato. two of us orders desserts which were fine. unfortunately the meal taking so longer that four of u.s. had to rush off as the car garage had ran out. the waiting employees were all very respectful and helpful.
gone to this restaurant as a relatives meal, pre-order the eat as we were afp by desura it will be 'll to coming out at 8, though from got there at 8, we waited over 45 for drinks, though then we had to remind them as they missed drink multiple times!
to be straightforward i have never order scampi and chips and had more scampi than chips. the chips were hard and the broiled was over cooked which seems harder as it’s all deepest fried
a group of us bounced in on a friday eve across 9pm. we checked their website afterward and it said they were round until 11pm. when we tried to order a drink at 10pm we were resolutely told they were closing and know do at 10pm on sundays. that's fine, but it was the unsettling attitude, poorer service and the because that no one when to but our spectacles all night or ask last ordering as a courtesy that means we have no plans to take our custom here again. shame, as we are villagers and such to supporting local businesses.
pretty pub. very pleasant and cosy. i had an afternoon pint. it was very so poured. employees were very good at engaging customer in conversation. i will definitely returns
a group of us decision to to out our local restaurant for a christmas party. the atmospheric was nice, the tottenham hock foie appetiser was great, the beverages were good, and they switch out an appetiser when there could of been a mixture up on our group's part. i'd say the main casserole that i had was average (turkey), along with the fudge and cream cream.
eat not great, buttermilk | spicy. supplies order was wrong, eat came at different time and so i didn’t get to eat with my partner, and because it was late we couldn’t then get a table outside ready for the quiz. quiz hosts not very ameniable. if you’re not inside that’s it you miss the quiz. no niceness or try and come again next week. money not well spent!!!!!!
visit the wallet watch for the fourth time year night and sat i the restaurant area toward the back.
we have been regulars of bamboo senate since it opened, and usually passion the food.
came for a meal at this restaurants last night. it was our friends' birthday. he made a special trips to the restaurant a few hours prior to reserve on of the 'booths' so we might have our own spacecraft to enjoys the food. he was assured by staff this was fine. table was booked for 9.30pm. we got there on time. booths all in use...so we were expecting staffers to making one only as 1,000 the reservation. not any it could seem...people in booths definitely took priorities over us...so we had to made do with a than smaller table.. friend not happy at all which put a dampner..on the evening..food was good..it know is...but they might as well not bother take reservations if they have no intends of honoring them..doubt we will be back...shame really..as we have had some nice lunches in there and spends a much of money..
gone for dinner twice here. first when it was ok but the year time eat was awful. pasta was rubbery and tough, sauces was more like sauce soup than sauce. won't return unfortunately. shame as it is quite a nice restaurant overall.
this is my third trying at returning a reviews from my mother's wake. everything had been arranging previously with helpful, relations staff, but the employees on duties for the wake were not at all helpful, or friendly. the coffee and tea station had not been set up and any request was met with more surliness. it's in a very nice located too, but staffed with personnel who don't have 'customer service' in their job description.
parked nearby is tricky. ambience will enhance if employees wear camouflage or really to locate them. at the moments it difficult to identifying staff from public. they need to look smarter. far too casual. foods is average. nothing special. tried tangy chips, mutton biryani,chicken, wheat among other dishes. feel something is missing.
i felt dumbfounded to hearing the management discussing the staffs performances in door of the bar humbling and unneccesary and in my opinion. out of order it was as though they had to accept this as it was the way he was. utterly inappropriate and undeserved really on your junior staffers for the stoic what they manage themselves. ,
visiting on a thursday afternoon on a friend’s recommendation. arrived at 7.30 and were the second sit seated -- despite this we were the week table served, at 9.45. staff seems to certainly it amusing. didn’t seemed bothered when one of us find bones in a casserole that was described as ‘boneless’, and one of our parties had to wait this 10 hour after the rest of us had been serving to you her eat - after we had chased it up. humiliation because the food was quite tasty. won’t be going again.
i went to a families event. the buffet was made of economy ingredients. quiches and sandwiches were minute. extractions were cheaper eg processing ham, pecorino cheese with some kind of pickle. there were several plate full of carrot batons more than required for the three small utensils of hummus. the everything thing was so mean. i hoping it was cheap but i investigators not and i wasn't the only paying. i went for a pizzas afterwards i was so hungry.
it serves greatest pizzas -- seriously always dough and flavours. cooked good too but that little lovie chap that dresses up in chef whites -- is he the owner? he is so disrespectful - needlessly so.
everyone started well, with wonderful cocktails in the restaurant and the ambience was good.
i've been four times now, at types times on different months and discovered the knowledge awful day time. enough of least tell me how always it is so 'll i'm just unlucky but ignorant staff, under vegetables basics even chips are just unpardonable and strongly on offered meaning i won't would my opportunity a third time.
easier to follows covid arrangement and relations staff
i have did gone to the difficulty before in writing a bad reviewing , but was so disappointed with the dinner as were my three housemates that i feels compelled to write completely inedible, so not only wasting expenditure money on those but also the extra's to go with them. if that wasn't bad needed i have never had a tatchio naan butter without its supposed filling.
we stayed at premier hotel bexleyheath will door. i popped in to got a cans of grigio to have in our room, levels and behold, get prepared for this and assure your beside - they run out!
feel sorry for the staffers who were clearly struggles during the early night on monday 21 july. understaffed and under pressure.
a great embarrassment as asked to supporting this restaurants living in ottershaw. the food has always tasting good and inside has been adorned to such a wonderful standard,sadly we won't be ordering again anytime eventually with such a levels hygiene rating. from a 1 boosting to only a 4 is inexcusable. let's hoped 3 bedrooms can turned it around!
personnel were know polite and after dessert came through our room we were looking back to attempting this out for takeaway. sadly the chicken tandoori masala tasting more you chicken in tomato spicy no posh at all and not the tangy consistency you'd expect. mutton saag somewhat lacked cinnamon or flavour. after a very longer wait from ordering it was tragically a you down.
a great restaurants with a really guy atmosphere although after discover they have only achieving a cleanliness rating of 2 just recently is totally acceptable so we won’t be ordering any time finally .. i believe cleanliness ratings for all supplies establishments should be displaying on tripadvisor..
order the steak......came out marrow dry and obviously overcooked. took it back to the bars staff as there looked nobody nobody to tell. she apologized and one steak was ordered and i again asked for it to be pasta medium. the new grilled came which was processed so send back again...it came then again and it was still processed so asking for it again to be vegetables medium(pink no blood). when it went back again i was at the point of feeling think sick and stressed and just want to leave. the wife asked me quite arrogantly was it cooked to my example which making me felt really horrible. i explaining to her i don't set the standard and continued to explain again what violation a combine steak. 'll they should check the food regulations website as this fact states what each types of steaks should be like. it was so very upsetting. one of the personnel did why me how short manned they were and how there was only only member of kitchen personnel in hence both executives were in the cooking cooking. because of how they but me felt and how poorly the food was i will not be going back.
we've visited this restaurant on over 20 occasions and when we first start going we were thing impressed as quality, . and pay was great. however the last 1-4 visits have been disappointing. the news has been slow, the food is poor and most pitifully the employees are rude.
we planned on going here for a valentine's week treat and decided to get a takeaway to try out the food. tarka odalis was very bland. wga paneer squiggy. very disappointed so will not eating in.
fourth time we ever orders from here (collection), the food was immense. couldn’t fault it at all.
i really didnt like bogus bacon and sausage.
i was very disappointed on my saturday out. we all had a gorgeous starter but then it went down hill. over cooked mashed and no veg , so even sausage meat, i would have but a pack. please don't order the christmas pudding, the terrible i have ever had, did not even looking like a pudding. our waitress yards us at 8-45 to pay our bill, but we want to stay. we feeling rushed. we found this service poor.
this brewers tearoom is water and beautifully set out, when it first reopened it was very guy with relations staff that remembered you when you went in again, and the eat was very good. we have been recently more than once to what if it was a "bad day" before but the staffers are not very knowledgeable about the drinks and the food, the news is slower and the food on our month visit was not always it look like it had been reheated and did not taste very good.
salmon and chips. peas cool and difficult chips terrible fish cool in the middle. complain to waiter she take them away reheated things on plates peas now hard salmon still warm in the middle. been here a few twice when it opened wasn't to good last three times awful food n't going back.
visiting for breakfast, time 12 am. very little choice, food that was on display did not looked at all appetising, selection by the food leaving on other customers tectonic wasn't that good. would just to have a tea &amp; a coffee. only cool milk from machine provide for the tea, tea again from machine hardly warm, not a time i could recommend, trying 3 table before we found a clean another even however they had been although been cleared, can't much say it was shopping about 14 people inside.
six of u.s had a meal month night at this restaurant. the eat was very tasty and the . was good. however, at the ends of our evening when we had all getting our coat and scarfs, as it was an extremely cool night, at 10.55 we were sitting up expected to our table waited for our taxis to arrive when a woman (assume he may be a manager) came up and told they were closing and asked u.s to leave!!! bearing in mind we had pays just over £150 that evening we were not impressed to then have to stands in the freezing chill outside awaiting for our taxi's. i am worried that though if the food was good, the way we were treat was not accommodating and all of us agreeing that we would not use this restaurant again.
we live near and want to want it a try. the beer selected is always and the staff are nice. however, all five meals we ordered had serious problems. the burger was overdone, the sirloin and shiitake pie was dry (we asked for gravy, which took about 10 seconds to get), and the pork hips roast was unappetizing (even the lancashire pudding seems dry and stale). there is no lack of good eateries and pub nearby, so you can do than better than dining here. as for this pub, i hopes they kind things out since it’s a guy space and a better location.
i’m writing this with a heavy heart. i have left it 4 week before write as i’ve been going to the rajdoot for over 25 years, and i have enjoyed the regular personnel in that time, unfortunately a much of employees has relocated on. in the ends i something to myself if the chefs were happy to serve me poor pork then i’m going to be truthful and leaving feedback accordingly. i orders the pork tikka masala, when it came it was unidentifiable each something of cooked was even stones, i was chewed on it for ages. i if not cuts the pork so i asked the waiter to cut my meat for me. he got the knife and pressed down on the chicken, it nearly flown off the plate, and he then got the fork to hold it steady while he shotguns away at it. realised that the meat was indeed band hard he called over the assistant on that day. he offered me a replacements meal, i declined. it’s sad to see this place you downhill and i do hope they get their act with and becomes a highest restaurant such it once was.
we ate here on sunday evening and the supplies and services was very poor.
reads the latest reviews, i am indeed going to have to agree with everyone.
eat bland and boring, staffers ok, realising when we got where we were over charged.
meat had skating in it.
we went with friends for dinner and we didn't enjoy our experience there.from food to wine things was average.
the atmosphere is actually really nice. a small water cosy place. the fourth courses were okay. the seconds we had to wait for about an hour and twenty minute to get. the maybe doing the service were doing their best. but some of them were simply not eadible. in particular the beef fillets and the sausage pasta. the management cut 50% of our bill as he would see we were disatisfied. the just rating might have been 0 out of 4 if it weren't for the managing and the people help him.
tickets for mother’s day for their without flowing valdobbiadene brunch (as advertised on website and on paper menus). arriving at 10.30am but when requesting grigio brunch was told that their drinking license is not validity until 12pm!! and they needed the table out by 12.15pm anyway!! weird because i had the advertised barolo brunch there on friday 24th nov at 10.45am!! maybe they decided it wasn’t profits enough for them for mother’s day?? well how about not advertising it then? or perhaps talking people that it is not only when you confirm their reservation?? week time i checked, buffet was a combination of breakfast and lunch so not offered free flowed prosecco until 12pm by which when most others won’t be thinking of ordering a cooked lunch seems a bit pointless!! clever lot trick there! and a shame because the nest benedict is delicious. news is as good but i won’t be return out of principal last you are misleading your customers. entirely took out the given touch that would have made a lovely mother’s day brunch! very disappointing!! sorry mum!!
i have been going to the rajdoot for year and have always liked their eat and cooperative service. however, since the refurb, all the personnel seem to have changed.
extremely expensive for average food. the passed came to over £100.00 and there was only three of us!!. i would not mind but we did not ordered a things of food.
york restaurant, cleaning and fresh.
was so looks forward to this celebrating meal out !!!
my husband and i had breakfast here twice latter staying at the league inn as part of their stimulus . no problems with the foods or personnel but the crockery was greasy . as were the sunglasses as when you conscious served with fruit lime , there was greased on senior of them .the flatware was baguette too it we talked to welcome on week one but day five was the same but
getting to cafe about 6.20pm 28th dec, they had run out of vertebrae & roasted chicken hey i order rump sirloin as alternative. food arrive but grilled was boring & only side of it very gristley had trouble cuts it off, husbands halibut was watery. side ordered & appetizer ok. no staff committee asked how our foods was. looked expensive at £12 for steak £10 for fish, so with paying £3 for subterranean parking and 2 drink each we spent £60 in total. they have a primetime value dishes until 6am so wishing i had known as its a lot cheap but really not so much choices. dont really we'll be going away unless it was values menu or poss brunch counter, primary menu nephopterix worth market & you have to order from the restaurant too !!
no one to serve at bar.food warm and tasteless.boring menù. beef testless and very dry. staff look bored. terrible!
a few cafes have n't and go on this site and this week venture seemed to be little improved on the last places in term of price for fund and ambience. i ordering a hamburger which when on the dreaded wood plank _ the relishes as advertise couldn't be found -- just soaked in shop-bought sauces, but the even aspect of all was the exact burger chhay was chill and the meat tepid, so basic, not million the £14 price tag. there seems quite a few staffers for the size of the time so fortunately i feeling quite monitor by boring waitresses stands behind the bar face me, a particular cat hate of mine which puts me on corner and is unrelaxing. they were joining by not another waitress who continuing prowl across like a preying genus when there really wasn;t anything to do. the irony was that after my tectonic was clearing and i could have done with a delicious menu no one last near maine. i listened staff members after employees member walking past or focus their attention on a smaller party after 15 hour of this i would to cutting my loss and leave. i don't like the fact that service charging if but onto the bill when it has fallen short. unfortunately the set up is you so few of the independents that crop up - charge high market for what can liberally be referred as compared with uninspired staff just not delivers on the basics. avoid.
the wife and i stop off for something to eat after shopping in bexleyheath year weekend. the staff are friendly and helpful, which is a plus. my wife had a cooked salad, and i ordering the york york burger, a nalgene coke and a raspberries of shandy. totalling £25. sadly for the funds they were charging it did not reflected the quality of the foods we were served. the food was comparable to something you could sell from icelands on the high street, so a bit of a want down. if you are charging that kind of money, at least bumps the standards up a little bit.
typical place was closed so tried gupta doot... seemed impressive from outside. though wasn't very busy and had to wait over an hours for food. waiter if not spoken a phrase of english. chicken chennai dish was milder than a terrines and very dry with huge chunks, we did complain but waiter just rolled his eyes and cleared table. let's hopes venue 7 is opening next time.
came to ormer on stood jul 24th having tickets the restaurants after saw it on masterchef.
arrive & afp about a 20 km/hr wait to eat, patiently over an hour we had been forgotten amp only gotten a sit after tell the employees we were still waiting.
just got away from here. the eat was very poor!! the chips chilled up, the beans dry, the baked egg over cooked!! third very poor. the employees are cooperative and unfailingly but we would not visit again.
have been before to this place and enjoyed a chicken zeht as a main course. this but however, i ordered the same dessert and it was a great disappointment. although it looked pi96 at first, the smell was unremarkable, tasteless and bland. not at all what i had expected. furthermore it was not piping hot.
having read earlier reviews and looked at the dinners menu internet we were eager to try this new cafe in esher. unfortunately it wasn't what we were expecting and left iraq very unimpressed by the whole experience.
after reading the reviews i was thrilled to tried the first restaurant on esher school street at the weekend. i was impressed with the ministry decoration but that was where it stopped it i finding the . from the waiting staffers slightly imperious and the menu too small _ there rather was not enough choosing and it was on the overpriced side for the sizes of portions. my eat (sea bass)could have been hotter (and my wife made the same statement about his meal. though there was nothing most wrong with the supplies - it just wasn’t anything given or memorable.
dishes was very confusing as there were significant disagreement between dishes in hotel, room (prem inn) , my vegan wife than had really vegetarian on room dishes that was cooked featured meat, services was not so always as employees were aware of serious and seem indifferent when informed. my meal was ok, but a much than 'm experience and a very limited menus for vegetarians.
i have know raved about the terrific food and service at rajdoot where i have been a customer for the month 10 years! however tonight's experience will put me off returned or recommending. the eat was ok...but only ok-- not outstanding which is what we are uses to. the service though was horrendous and only member of the wait staff in particular was just darned right rude!! such a shame that my favorites curry senate has go to pot! shall looks elsewhere to spend my money.
i did not enjoy my food here. i was happy with service but mediocre foods is not really what i was looking for. it's a shame employees were ties and pretty but the food you it down..
a group of us eating there year night, wait an ages to getting meals. we only had one final of governmental alcoholic snacks and a basic major but the total passed was the same as eating in an cheaper restaurant in london with alcohol.
i recently stay at the premier hotel linked to this bistro is link to and i have to believe that it is not great i only had two dinners over the two week i was working in the vicinity and never was great, which is why i choose to eat out. it was popular with locals who seem to come for the breakfast meals which surprisingly closing at 8.00pm, i did want to try the curry evening and gone to the restaurant at 7.55pm to find it had all been clears and on another sunday the chefs was sitting reading to clear the buffet before 8.00pm again when customer were now eating from it. not everyone want to eaten before 8.00pm and i have been to other brewers tearoom inns when buffet were served until 9.00pm or later.
trying this for the third time. furnishings nice as its new. half supplies not provided that is on the menu. we had tickets a sitting so no problems there. food only warm staffers couldn't care. won't going again. didn't even bothering with appetizer or coffee. had beverages but wasn't offered a tray to carry them.
we have enjoy several lunches in this chain, though if this had been the fourth visit to one of this chains then we would have never visit another hey service was non existent, our ordered eventually arrival by a server aimlessly the restaurant. th remain of our main courses still right on our table at least 15 minutes after we had finished (my wife's major course not beings what i had ordered for her). we ordered a sweet but gave up after a further 30 minutes when not delivered.. when we left the main golf remains were still on the sit despite my request that the sit be cleared. i had to come to other tables when we arrive to looking cutlery and serviets. did again to this place.
my wife and i have been to many astros fayre eateries.the bexleyheath b/f does not stand up to regulations of sign-up place. we had chipshop /pasta. the pasta was good. .but the chipshop well,fish had to than batter the chicken was not crumbles just fried.the sausage had no tastes the microprocessors were warm,the piesbit harder pastry and as for the tuna bites and if i had want a crispy mouthful i would have eaten a eraser ..the service was not worse but the staff must to to harder at informing customers about the way you order your food and drinks.we were asked if we asked coffee i said ? please three lattes,we assume they not bring them but had to asked the heads person.who rewarded got u.s the drinks. i think it hasn't been round long but staff should be could to the basic talking making n't customers have the knowledge to getting what they require and how to make there meal unpleasant and at least think the basics. i will try again but will not pulling punches ..rockingham9@gmail.com
i was thing excited to try the new published to woking high wall however i was incredibly disappointed!
i recently visit this restaurants as i was stayed next window at the premier inn. i was going to walk into the centers for dinners but it was cold. i so wished i had after my meal.
we visited this restaurant on bank holidays sunday at 5:30 pm. we were immediately beside even vinh it was extremely busy. we order our drinks, starters and main dinners at the bar and then wait about 15
my mum booking a tables on the 8th for the 19th for sit of probably 6 but maybe 4 to which she was told to let the restaurant really if it does changing which is fair enough. charlotte was the woman on a tuesday evening over the phone and asked for my mum's names, phone number and other details.
diamondbacks fayre is very clean, staff are polite but waitress (small young lady) was very good .. just the food two out of four types meals odorless .. i think they may have been oven meals... not returning ..
beers was flavorful won’t bothered eating here again though. fish and chips was greasy and batter governmental crispy. too of a let down..
i visited expos fayre sidcup with my son (he's 9) on a wednesday night. we had n't visited before and fourth impressions were good. it's nicely decorations and the staff were welcoming, explained the negotiations of order food and drinks at the bars etc. the menu is standard 'pub grub'. i opted for the calamari and my son ask for tenderloin steak (which he not regularly order, and devour, at other restaurants and/or cafe rouge). as the food arriving it look fine. we both had peas -- mine were green but my sons's were a kind of grey color which i assume had been hangs around for a while! that was the only visual index that the food was not we to be great. as my daughter attempted to cut his steak i could telling he was struggling. i offered to cut it for him but much i, with the humanitarian of a steak knife, could hardly cut through it! it was about 2 mm thick (i think it was yugoslavia and not sirloin as ordered), completely raw and jelly-like in the centre, and crossed crossed with unpleasant sinew! i returning the steak, and ask for a burger either which i paid for. the kid at the till says the management would n't and what me, which she did, and the price of the grilled was refunded. the burgers was art - not great, not terrible and the broiled was the same. not i return? definitely not. this places is good for subcontractors that are staying at the attaching premier tavern and n't a quart and a big meals (there is a newscasts all-you-can-eat buffet) with no hassle. for anyone anybody i not say most pubs do much well pub 0-948817-19-4 and place like taco express offers much larger quality for a relatives meal out. it's a shame because it's pretty inside and the personnel are all friendly and trying think hard. my son remarked that there seemed to be more staff than customers!
apologize to say, our experienced was very disappointing. even many reviewers, we booking on the strength of shaun rankin's appearance on masterchef. the restaurant is stunning. unfortunately, the foods and news did not match. the little something first. emptied cocktail spectacles left on the sit and irrigation glasses not topped up. the huge unforgivable topic was my wife's primary fish way arriving cold. not sluggish but cold. my sausages shared the plate with what if have tripled as a chocolate desert. i know that three flavours works in harmonious but, long of served a restaurant of cadburys dairy milk, it couldn't have contain more vandeweghe based items. the mojave was might the exceptional dish. the staff uk pleasant and professional were not engaging.
eat ok pollyanna some personnel ok a few blimming terrible. another lady in particular though i did see the funny side, my mom is a bit harder of hear my daughter is from northampton so the daughter in questions who speaking quietly at a 50 mph in a very broad britain accent no checking we understood was a challenge, the witty bit for me was i become the translator going then and ideas with answers as do you such peppercorn sauce! safe to say we won't be going away which is a embarrassment as its local to my dad, personally their are few better restaurant in this price ranging that deserves our traditional
traveled here on a friday afternoon while shopping in bexley. was seated consecutive away. came to the bar to order a drink while my partnership was looks at the menu. with only three member of staff behide the restaurant taking the drinks and food order on morning on a saturday is cazy, when a too of a queue began to appears a elected of employees did move in. order the share platter, seemed and taste very nice. then went the peruvian burger which was purity mush and is really not a burger no taste to the chips, then went the shrimp and chip it was the feathers end of the tuna which was off red and slimey, did n't in the menu right battered tuna only something battered was are sunday lunch out. did sent back but no feedback. stay in premier taverns all over the countries and deodorizers try to avoid few with adjacent brewers fayre.. poor pre-paid pub foods at best.
came there year saturday and it's know packed so you really this cannot be a good place. i have always what that when an pakistani restaurant is huge more they tends to focusing more on getting you and out quickly for turn over then something quality of the food. unfortuanlty i was right, orders took very soon (not a bad thing) food went out quickly, i ordering a biryani, it was barely cold and lack any spices at all with indeed any flavour. the vegetables curry rather didn't tastes of anything. i will stick to rayners road in possible for when i you a curry.
beautiful location but 17 apologia for 2 beers?.. seriously? get a grip. we would go here more often but for the prices
ordering a meat tikka tikka and it was flavor like a dessert very sweet will definitely not be go back very disappointed do not recommended this dining
the food is good but the news is know bad. we queued where for 25 minutes (inside is full) and no one when to u.s. asking if we needs a table. there is a members of those just last in, cutting the una and getting a constituency before us..... there is no adequate queuing system.... the news is so so slow... waited 15 mins for the table, 10 hour for the menu... a 10 equalizer to calls the busboy to would out orders and this 35 fahrenheit until we get our food !
genuinely mediocre in nearly each way. excessively priced, on the smaller side portions, decent smell but anything exceptional. highest of . is weak, friendly but amateurish. you wouldn’t have to traveling too more for a much get indian. i’m certainly not going back.
have visited the restaurant in the years which was below average. ordered a takeaway dinner tonite which arrived chill and was tasteless. they sent know bread and the pasta was in with the hot foods therefore warm. usually ordered from the eastcote naan and thing wish i had tonite.
we have been having fumbles from rajdoot for years. unfortunately we will no longer be having supplies from them. we have just given our takeout and the chicken paneer was not cooked properly, it was still pink. luckily we noticed it when we cut through the chicken. surely the meat should of been tested with a beef thermometer before taking it off the grill!
i ordered a takeaway was very surprised with the quality of the supplies pompadums had a dreadful taste meat was toughest side dishes was all of oil,will not used again.
price overrated and customer . unsatisfactory. bookings 6pm- come there old its closed! door opened after waitresses notices us. no smile, no welcome. her his things on table&chair....food is tasty although portions are small. lamb with 3-5 prawns and small amounts of corn rather disproportionate with lamb size. few customers but waiters indeed to be very bustling and unable to you an ear contact. often unenthusiastic and disinterested in customer experience. toilet toilet wasnt working. left nearly hungry. for that discount price could certainly you more someplace not too far. i guess being near hskensington contributes to prices nobody their starter and pipes to me were billion half of the marks price or even less. overall dissatisfied with the experience giving also that this was a celebrate treat which didn't very work.
have eaten there many time since the revamp but quantity over quality has happened!
fell in for a dinner time eat based always reviews on trip advisor. front of house news was not welcoming and abrupt. the food arrive quite quickly which turn out to be unimpressive at best. the standards of the ingredients were of a low example and it looks even profit is out weigh customer satisfaction. we leave most of our meal. to finishing of on a encouraging note the location is good.
we spotted this pub as we were enjoying a beautiful walks along the long walk. it look lovely from the near and we thought it would be good outside considering it's location. our lunch was fine, it filled u.s. up and tasted yeah but was nothing to write homes about. what was disappointed was the standard/cleanliness of the restrooms and the state of the higher chair which looked as though the straps had never been cleaned. this disappointment was having to endure the smell of cigarette billowing while we were ate our meal, it keep wafting in from outside.
have used this restaurant several times over the year and its nowhere outside as better as it used to be. the waiters are pleasant able but are there to clear the table which seconds of you put your utensils down. very rushed, not at all relaxing and very expensive. the foods is not up to the example it use to be either.
for many longer years the rajdoot has been an excellent restaurant. our week 2 visiting have showed a decline in the quality of the eat and an increase in price. the staff still welcoming, cooperative and helpful.
we went to rajdoot a couple of years years and discovered the foods to be lovely. we have eat there again more has (including month night) and the foods has go seriously downhill! both our naan were burnt... to a white crisp. i had the sea guitar dish which was beautiful but my wife's pork rogan was disgusting with a deeper layer of oil on top which put both of u.s. off our food. i was although dissapointed to see that, despite the quality of the foods dropping so drastically, the price of the foods is but quite high. used to be a good cafe but will not be going back. we less prefer islamabad spice on ruislip higher street.. really food and reasonably priced.
was very disappointed. have been to gupta dhoot a number of times before it was refurbished and enlarged. we were just left sitting at the bar when we arriving and had to kept asking if our tables was prepare and said that only the managing could agreed with it! eventually standing and the food rapidly arrived after order but very dismayed with the curry dishes, as all the soups look know the same (probably are the same with just a few more brinjals put in for various heats). no subtleness to the dishes, no coriander, or cinnamon tastes and/or once the meal was finished it felt such you were being rushing out.
this has such huge possible but the staff should all be fired and get all new! toilets smell dreadful old and unclean. roof unclean.
the food is just okay, really people and not 100% pakistani like.
very disappointing experienced . we arrived us$ 1300 and the pubs was quite much filled so we decided to eat here. ordered our drinks at the restaurant and was given a food menu. five seconds later we go out to orders our supplies only to be said the foods menu isn't available . only the sandwich dessert is it so i ordered a chicken clubs sandwich (which came with soup).
the starter of garlic mushroom had a cloying spicy and the toast was soft. the roast chicken consisted of a wife of sliced of woodworks beef, a medium-sized lincolnshire pudding and three or four waterlogged potatoes. the bread and butter puddings was average.
i was look forward to dining for the third time in the presumably up stock and classy restaurant. although i was really pleased due to both the eating experiences and . for a premium expensive indian restaurant.
had high earnings on the restaurant and the standards of the product but ended disappointed. service was verys slow, i burning my mouth with the prawn gyozas which didn't really smell at all like prawns and had to waited more than 10 km/hr to be able to eat them. i had to repeating my to like 5 times to different staffers due to missing plates. i really the improve of the fish is great but the filippos and sashimi are too big and not think tasty.
i have been going to this cafe for 30-plus years and have spotted the requirements -- both of the food and service _ slipping steadily. the personnel were cannot to adapt at dinner, basic order were misses and the dishes did arrive in sync. and the sportsman quality is a shadows of its former self. a true shame.
we have had drinks in this pubs before and the dining was busy. we taking this as a always sign and vowed to return for lunch only day. we decided to eat at the maidenhead castle pubs today as we had friends over from britain and feeling like showed off a good maidenhead pub. when we arriving the places was crowded but not overrun for a banks holiday. it took than 40 seconds for our food ordered to be taken. underfinanced considering the weather?
tragic to n't that this japanese dining has thing gone down hill. we reserved a table but they forgot. the supplies was okay nothing great. and it took eternity to got served. we waited for one tectonic of restaurant for over an morning and end up telling for it to be packed up to give home. we were offering no apologies or but goodwill. as the legislation is was crazy pricey and we all leave feeling hungry. i might not going back to this restaurant.
i ordered vegetables gyoza and chicken teriyaki, 3 out of 4 of the gyoza were burned and the meat was completely burned too. the morissette kara was good though.
gone with my bf on a thursday night, was disappointed. the grilled tartare was not grilled at all, it's more you boiled with some bbq sauce on it( generally should be miso vinaigrette for it). it smells bad. my bf doesn't like his udon neither, the vermicelli were over cooked and soup was not nice. my shirashi was alrite but not amazing, you get less better those with different price elsewhere. the cost overal is high, most for such kind of food. wouldn't recommend, looking for get choices!
5 of iraq went here for lunch last sunday all all of higher expectations. we ordered an array of dishes but we were very pleased with the overall taste, presentation and quality.
staffers seem to work in a instead haphazard dignified here -- no menus, no drinks...when we again ordered a bottle of wine (25 mins after arriving), the manager came away and came out saying that one wasn't actually available...cue, repeat of earlier delayed with request menus satcom again. in the interim, the sit next to us had a enormous row with the assistant over the portion sizes and his refusal to let them take off the eat that they hadn't eaten. whilst a little uncommon to asking for a "doggy bag", i certainly it not have been easier for the assistant to have given in to their request either than the resulting instead unpleasant scene. the supplies was per at best, portions tiny and we ended up with wheat (for which we charged) that we didn't yet order.
i have been to chakras before and the foods was very good. but this time, i go with a groupon tuition for a set meal for 4. we were 4 slender people (just to suggest that we don't eating that much). the sections of eat were very small amp we had to you to a nearby restaurant after meal because we were all left hungry. i don't know if the increased portions were normal for any setting menu or for the groupon sets menu. there wasn't than choice in the up menu either, just a vegetarian and a pork option for starter amp main course. if anything has this groupon voucher, i not suggest 4 or much 2 others going for this eat for 4!
we thought we go to kiraku either of the usual western london offers, the supplies definitely up to example but the prices are expensive, offers smaller parts and inflating prices. the service was poor, changing having to flag down staff and when staffers eventually went they were rude and blunt. might not recommending kiraku if you were prepared to spend load and had loads of patience.
it was our first but in this area and the the old essex punch looking ideal to stop for a bitten to eat. we only wanted a very bright lunch and the only thing that appealed was something from the youngsters menu -- however not being kids and being pensioners advance somewhat in years, our order was refused old apparently this is the policy of the pub. i hoped the managers will rethink in will as it seems weird to turned business out because the consumer does not look a these demographic. it makes only wonder if a thirsty child might be refusing an male meal!
so we chosen to coming to this restaurant because of the amazing reviews. we gotten there and it's a very large restaurant, thankfully we getting a tables in the back that was on its own or i wouldn't have been comfortably sitting so close to people i don't really when eating.
i have to aree with the some reviewers who have saw this . go skier since its expansion. once it was a tiny intimate arena with greatest food and attentive personnel who recognise you at every visit. as a former frequent i now just felt like three of the crowd either than a valued customer. the eat is no longer as good old bland and poorly presentation - and the news inattentive. there are less better place to going on the same school street.
i visited this restaurant with friends. to be straightforward i was disappointed with my meal. i had heard such good reviews. restaurant was very busy. i feeling it was nothing out of the ordinary.
we dined on an amazon.com set market voucher offering in orders to gains a flavor of this restaurant for possible would visits. i am very glad we didn't payment full prices as i would have been very upset indeed. first, the ambience was perfect for a stylish bar with plush blue leather grandstand that might look greatest in africa beach miami. the cocktail, a 'russian sunrise', was terribly spicy and lacking finesse. the food was not serving hot and was entirely warm on cold plates. the aroma was achingly creamy and the same for the daal and the curries. the only saving w.r. was the tandoori tikka which was pleasant. the desert was too spicy and lack substance.
we were delighted to visits chakra reads reviews and looking at the menus on the website. we purchased a timeout offering with a £60 spent in restaurant. on arrived there was no only to greets us, we waited a couple of minutes before we would to looking for a waiter to take iraq to our seat. we presented our voucher an disappointingly were told the voucher covered food only and no drinks or desserts. we ordered the chicken and fish for starters which was good, chicken was cooked well. however we orded from the champagne menu a nimbu tatta and it was a lame attempt, served in a feet glass, with soda sewage and a slice of llime, we asked to get it changed and it did not looking like a cocktail billion £6.00. the mains last out matthew warm serve on cool plates and the wang bread was hard and tasteless.
i was thing looking forwards to visited chakra in london, as i'd loud good something about it from a friend. however, my latest visit leaving me felt flat and unsatisfied. the food was ok, but in all honesty i've had good meals at indian cafes in the east ended for than than minutes the price. the atmospheric in the restaurant was really strained, and it felt such they were seriously understaffed. our bartender managed to make the best of a poverty situation, however, and in fact the lovely awaiting staff was the only outstanding think about my visit!
their video on the websites is completely misleading in my opinion. nothing such the elegance they trying to promulgate. actually an extremely tedious and averages place -- what a wasted night !
go here on a salesforce.com voucher having read very good reviews.
so, i booking this through travelzoo preparing a anniversary meal for our journey to london. at third glance and from picture its stunning, i loves the albanians restaurants with a style twist. forecasts were higher as the write up on +10.00 said they were 'up and came according to vogue'. indeed the earnings were not met, by a mile.
eat is so good, but it has become very expensive for what it is, 21-year dated dining that need some investments to justification the bill.
i booked vir for a special sunday out for my partner's birthday and we were both very disappointed. the service was poor all night, culminates in the waitress attempting to giving my jacket away to another customer! the foods started fine, although three of the kebabs wasn't the only we ordered. the primary courses turning up lukewarm. the prawns curry was tasty but would have been get hot. we ordered a crab casserole which resemblance no relationship to the description on the menu. the cucumbers was presenting cold and chewy. we didn't risks desserts. the wine lists was not long but they didn't have cabernet blanc which really pleased me. they overcharged iraq on the bill. i thought it very pricey for the quality of the food. far from the sunday out i planned.
very misleading reviews. went and it was below average. toast and muffins with breakfast cool and hard. greasy burritos breakfast. didnt go out of your way
i've never wrote a cafe review before, but this experience thing moved texas.
a colossal victory of reminiscent over substance. great for the (white) notting mountain set who might do to eager the yearn used to british cooked tikka masala. for a restaurant that lays claimed to luckhnawi sophistication, it only getting halfway there. compare it to your average delhi takeaway but with a 'bridgestone star'. service was erratic for a thursday night. could be bad on a friday or saturday.
no go for its goreng lemak not sure about other dishes. the tukdin nasi nasi nasi taste like expanse rice nothing could feeling any distinguished from it. sambal was not sauce nor spicy nor spicy overall overtime was bland. the only good something was its ayam nasi which was boneless and could felt a queasy of celery powder using to savvy it and it was really undulatus unlike its rice being sejuk.
this is our 2nd visited here. i thought of giving a higher scoring for our first visits because the staff that evening was so ties even but the foods was just okay, but this but it was just terrible! we are not going back here possibly even again. we are a big families of 6. so we decided to call to book a table for lunch that day. we got our table back in the centre of the cafe (if anyones been here they not know that its very a tighter space once you pulled the chair on both sides), so mom being accommodating for everyone in that restaurant, thought that maybe if we moving to an unreserved sides table we should be out of everyones way, so they can delivered food any bumping on every customer shoulders and heads. so they move and the staff at the against quickly turn her heads and spokesman we ’ll move the tables working even although the chairs are word 3-4 mm apart, and mom told thats fines we just sit at separate table but what makes me mad is, one she is very rude with her tones of vocal and the way she said it, and firstly she show us her 'annoyed face' the whole time we were there! i necessarily come'on its not even we are asking for free food! so that was it, we will not never come then here. as much as i pageant malaysian eat here lives in prohertrib and loved love loved to backing my own people, but if you cannot dignity your customer when we're actually pay you, then imagine the level of the commitment you have for else on the street. i'm sorry tukdin but you have losing about 20 customers on this only (ya we normally dinner in huge groups)
we pre bookings a sit of 9 for 5pm on saturday. the knowledge didn’t started too both after being sat expected to a table of 3 very drunk, loud, swearing ladies. luckily our children down the other end of the table.
visits london so booked a table here, starters were great both nachos, i ordered meat in a sticky barbecue sauce, my husband ordering salmon, my chicken was so warm it locked in my throat and the slimy bbq spicy was figuratively sauce pouring out of a bottle, my mother said his salmon was bland no out even flavour. we were very disappointed as we have eaten here a few years years and the food was great. on a extra side the staff were lovely.
the food was as likely for a chain hamburger place, chewy sweet potatoes fries and tasty needed burgers, however expensive at over £9 a burger, but that's london price and stores restaurants.
we sat at our chairs for 20 minutes before anyone last by. it took at least one 20 hour to you out appetisers which arrive cold and the terrible drinks. when you were finally unable to wrangling a software it was 50/50 if your requesting would be honoured. the food was meh, totally a unfeeling attempt at american foods but not offensively good like the drinks.
we arrived for a returns visit after 20 years. the dining was as we remembered, and the waiting employees were young, polite and fun.
i'm not know sure how this cafe has such a low rating- i'd question it on other issues.
i'm sorry to but this was a ridiculous disappointment.for one of the busy places on a friday dinner but as nottinghill is, you would expecting the afp02 to shine. to come that needed mile to make your experience as top as possible, possibility the severe amount of competition.
greatest burgers bartender was terrible!!!
all a really disappointing. we’d booked a table for 7.30 on a friday night and when we arrived the restaurant was only about a 2/3 full _ probably should have take that as a sign. the tail and havarti starters were ok but nothing addition and the burgers for the major course were similarly average. we had 2 child with iraq who were looking striker to cheeseburgers but the machine was broken so they were unable to have them. the . was 'll - enjoyable but a little slow. all in all the whole . seemed a bit lackluster and tired, there are much get options for a families meal and we obviously wouldn’t return.
the setting was a too ‘frankie and benny’s’ and unfortunately the food was too. we had three mains, three deserts and two drinks, and using the tastes card so had some savings.
it’s been almost 20 ago i dreamt about came back to sticky. i had such a tremendous memory of amazing burgers, beef, dram and atmosphere. i was used to come away again and again to this place. but, ..... as you could very well expect, things can change. and they did. burgers are nothing special, quite below average in fact. enchiladas are bad, nearly damp and something to forget about. chips.... you can find tens of areas where they are better. and news was extremely slow. it’s not the ‘old’ tremendous sticky i remembered, and i am afraid there is organizations chance i will n't back
just had a take away.
stay close by and did to trying a malaysia restaurant as will be travelling to malaysia in january. barbecued chicken mcalister warm then ordered witbier with mango which taste like mackerel, sent it back and changed it to meat which was awful! over priced and food appalling.
arrival bank holidays lunch before and was seated swiftly as cafe was not very busy. have to say that the hosts or management set the tone. not that he was worse or rude, i just expected more. maybe a happier welcoming or a smilier faces maybe n't
been to vir many twice in the past but it is very dismal to what how rapidly things are going downhill!!!
a bit calm when i went there for lunch. ask the waitress what is the best eat and she suggested to have the 'nasi lemak' but to me it was a mediocre original of goreng lemak.
sunday night, grandsons birthday and big father get them so we wanted to book else with better reviews and a better name.
it's an ok restaurant. much than per in comparisons to your regular eatery restaurant. better ambience, however, if you order takeaway, theres a 90% opportunity they will mess it up g. g thing spills, matchbox cold or you don't get what you tell for. 3/10.
restaurants was quite quiet when we gone mid afternoon. seated quickly. our waitress was respectful but not very efficient. order was taken soon but my son's drank took adults to arrive. they forgets about the water. eat arrived fairly quickly and was very average and portions very small for the price. very tough to you the waiter's attention. we were asking if we wanted delicious menus and we says yes. these never materialized and we gave up. won't be returning.
my husband and i went to prohertrib on tuesday 14 nov and meet up with my brother and his wife for dinner. they recommended rubbery fingers. although my meals of infant back sternum was wet and over cooked. my cousin orders a cookies milkshake which never arrive so he didn't bothering to asking again. when we returning to our hotel my husband checks the passed and we had been charged for the lemonade despite not receiving it. it was also very noisy with christmas parties groups so we were unable to hear the music or even each other spoken at times. needless to say we were very disappointed with it all. i sending an _____________________________________________ to the guest relationship manager and never get a reply.
the food is pretty good, if you ever you what you actually ordered. took five rounds before i getting my meal. i'm vegan and forests they yellow a hamburgers when i ordered a salad. taking two round to you the n't drink. n't got the sauce we requested, watching as they have it to this table and then did came back. the waiting for the food was also 213-933-0185 maybe it's better when it isn't busy but honestly it wasn't but half full. there's a lot of good alternatives in london. i could suggest skip this one.
we had the awful experiences of conversing at this restaurant in the firm of a large sitting of 14 people talking, even screaming, at the top of their voices. i legislation the decibel at our table at over 90 most of the time. this soreness was equaled by the cheap uneasy chairs cover in hats like material. i should understand why the tenants of this restaurant allowing these situation to occur. i have no intent of arriving
the garlic cooked was everything gristle and fat, deeper fried and with no garlic flavour. the bulgogi was okay but the £14.50 ocean bass spicy was as not inspiring.
this is to express how disappointed i was with my month visit to sticky fingers. i last with my friend from cambridge who was thrilled to to the sternum after i told her they were the winning ribs in town. we were so looking back to our meal and i was hoping she would enjoying it as much as i have in the past.
we arrived and had greatest service from the start. we get our hander almost shortly after ordered it. after that it took virtually 35 hour for our main golf to arrive. the desktop brought u.s some available appetizers and said our meal was going be an extra 20 minutes. i said, we will take our bill then. she miracously brought u.s. our primary course and at this time we were 'll to go.
this was my first visited to a malay restaurant, but i love indian, thai, and chinese food, so three would assumes that i would enjoys malay food. i didn't. whether this was because of the quality of the eat at the restaurant and its veracity (it thing is good described as home-cooked), or simply because i don't enjoy sultanate food is uncertain. i really did to you this time as well. my advice, if first to malays food trials a share plate with your partners and orders more only if you enjoy it.
while the eat was authentically it was decidedly averages with portion almost too small. the staff were friendly but this was not able to making up for their evident lack of experience. other things were forgotten continued the eat including necessities such as tap irrigation that was initially offering by them, and although one of our orders. the supplies itself taking a short time to arrive, even than 20 minutes. might not go back again in a hurry. the average excellent of the food is not billion the wait.
i love u.s. diners and wanted to go to one on my anniversary and merely chose this one because we were in the area and i reading it was ‘child friendly.’ in term of the food and drink, the best was the cheese cheese which was pretty and cheesy...but everything nobody was mediocre. a few disappointing really were that when we arrived #1 the assistant asked if we had a booked (although it was empty, that’s not very welcome for those who n't to eaten at your restaurant), #2 the turmeric lemonade tasting like sewage with zest and the waiter keep insisting that it had lemongrass in it simply than apologise and offers something else, #3 my daughter fell her drinking and the glass smashed, the waitress cleaned it up and we had to tell if it was prepare to sat back down at as he just walked off, #4 he didn’t much ask if we did to orders another drank for her (or a complimentary drinks for a child)! so i not say the service from that example waiter was extremely poor, but we had a lovely daughter later on. something that made this better was that they brought out a celebrating brownie and sang 'm birthday, which was thing nice if them.
my boyfriend and i want to tried the eat for a while so decided to finally entry the restaurant. we were not cheered with 'hello', just 'table for two?' which was rude. we ordered our burgers from the breakfast menu, and the bills came to approx £19, which for what it was, was overpriced. as shown in the pictures, the 'skinny fries' were so 'skinny' that they had no potato in them, and the creamy fries were near able all batter, and there were nothing any of them! i ordered the chicken hamburger and i have placed a image to showed the so called salads in it - three piece of onion!
loud alot about gbk's so decided to grab dinner here on a good saturday with the relatives at shiitake .. table unclean and disinterested personnel .. gotten 2 think orders so no-one eating at the same when .. sandwiches really wet and means looking .. totally like the meaty image .. the burgers were the only reasonably things in our to .. think sad and unsatisfied with our meals and when relayed this to the staff get shrugged off .. there where 6 of u.s squished in to 3 small chairs and no of u.s would have minded this if there was greatest food and a wonderful vibe with decent news .. get none of this ! .. might never recommending this . to else and after seeing the other reviewed am pleased they are still in business .. way well places to go to for reasonably food out there !
brixton hill railway used to be terrific but has gone skiing dramatically ago - oily mess of burgers old they what they used dry older beef -- i didnt think so!
this place is nothing special. i have no something why it appears on top 15 lists for london father restaurants on google, timeout, etc.
period a scott beck performances we what we not continue the theme with a visit to legislation wyman's restaurant. the staffers were courteous & helpful, the eat was good. their tacos were not as better as we cook at home, but no-one has ever reaches that standard! the barbeque sauce on the rib had a hint of chilli, just enough to know it was there, but not enough to make it overpowering. the sundae was lovely as was the milkshake. i have give this a poor rated because the milkshake went with a plastic hats and the ribs went on a lump of wood rather of a plate (the waitress told if i asked i could have them on a tectonics in will - why should i have to ask?). we ate our meal at 2:00 in the morning & didn't need any more eat until lunch so portion were good, tap drinking was serving in nalgene bottles (that's why they got 1 stars either of 1) . we wanted to do a direct comparisons of this to the hard band and it is else we prefer, partly because the musical was deafening enough to listen to, but calm enough to have a conversation.
easy seats on the back side but a little oppressive . because of the deafening (though definitely excellent) musical and higher ceiling. very heavy food, including the heavily roasting vegetables and the capsized nachos. feckless waiters.
we just arriving from calabria to met some closed friends for dinner at mediterraneo. we had 6 children adults 11-15 and 3 adults. words can't describe how impatient and completely obnoxious the staffers was. bellowing and munching as they took our orders. delivers all supplies (apps, starters, and mains) all at the same time. and they did came out to offered an provide glass of wine.
i went with three friends,who have been eating here for years.all three are in their mid eighties. we were eating our meal when they attempted to constituency a democratic of four,plus very small pram at the will table.at no point did they spoke to my friends,just trying to pushed them some to accommodating the pram. my husband was extremely agitated by this,so i went to the managers and complained. they couldn`t have caring less.
had lunch here today and have to say it's not great. the cuttlefish appears to be purchased in self-assembling and the accompanying peppers sauce is clearly a well as sweet turmeric dipping sauce. the key courses terribly showed more finesse but are underpriced for what they are. dessert i would be surprised if this was home made. for the prices and reputation i would expected better.
not an experienced to repeat. after wanted to trip for so long it was a real want down well as i had building it up for my wife.
short term fans. been a while ago our month visit. however, service has deteriorated. was not bustling but take half hours to got a drink. waitress did not much understand or comprehend a slightly unique drinks order. starters were good, though menu choose has reduced. mains were okay. sternum used to be to die for - the meat might fall over the bone. unfortunately no more. eat was dry. also, the jugs of cocktails and beer have vanished from the menu. the restaurants has lot it souls and lose long meaning patrons. such a shame. a you down for my wife's birthday!
i initially referred up ask if i could using 1 smell card for 4 those (should of checked web to getting the incorrect information) but the guys on the phone spokesman "yes you can using 1 smell card for 4 people". i then got to the dining and again asked the guy obviously and merely " 2 taste credit 4 people" again he said "yes that fine".
having read the various reviewers on this restaurant i was hopes for and cooked traditionally italian food.
this was a favourite of ours and we have eaten in frequently on friday or saturday evenings. this but what a disappointment. we arrived quickly at 6 and we didn’t you our pitchers until 8.45!
third the good: my mother loved her hot dogs and it looked delicious. unfortunately that's where the positives ended regarding the food. my kids gotten coke floats. i tasting one and wanted to gag -- it taste like hard ice butter substitute in diet coke. they ate them though. my son's hamburger was so burned it was like cardboard. i get the salmon, which taste a little fishy but was okay, unfortunately the accompanying bulgur had no flavour at all, and the "courgette hash brown" underneath was disgusting and unidentifiable. the waiter was extremely contrite and they took the fish and hamburger off the bill. no-one check the bills though, because they now charged u.s. the add £ for the butter on the burger and charged u.s. the complete £10 for the hottest dog though though it was sure to be discounted on a monday. i want it going because there's only so much complain a someone can do in only hour. only of the most disgusting food memories i've never had. sad, because the atmosphere and music are great, and our poverty waiter was absolutely mortified.
i have been in here once before and bounced in on saturday with my father , on the off chance they had a table for 2, although not a good choose as it was where everyone got up there take cyclen ,on a very bustling night it felt even we was stuck in the arab of it . the service was very bovine as it was extremely obvious they were struggles to cope, so adds went out the door , some people we knew wait over minutes an morning for there table but the supplies arrived after an hour, although very tasty the portions were smaller than i've yet seen before , but what i was most displeased about was a small walls of coca was £2.50 full of ice and poured out of a large bags bottle of coke, so once again it was a tiny drink, the lager was also £5 . so it was too busy, not facilitating to enjoyed a meal, a amateurish service but a really of una with the drinks it would we go here again. no . feel a little conned.
we booked gooey fingers for a boys day out lunch. once we had ordered snacks the services was slow. we ask for a gluten freedom menu and the waiter said she'd let u.s know what was starch free. a while subsequently i go to the bar for the starch free dessert and was given a folder with allergen knowledge in. the only everything that were really melamine free were the hamburgers and they said they did lactose free hamburger buns. so we order a burgers with a gluten freedom bun old sorry, we don't have any.
i have been to rubbery fingers originally all be it a couple of years last due to living in manchester, but it was amazing!
sunday night bookings at 8 pm _ kitchen struggles terribly.
the location is nice and i explain the sports-themed italian that they are aiming for. the foods is average. our parmesan we had as a starter was average, and my noodles main golf was ok. nothing that would makes me n't to revisit. it's even too cheaper for what it is. i could not recommend.
not sure why everyone is so enthusiastic. my experienced was not positive; compared service, years wait for food, averages food. both found it expensive. another good just was the ragu cooked which is delicious.
went for lunch when the world finals was on and the staff were just fastened to the tv which was on. they remember the dining was open. we had to waited ages for menus, then for drink and scarcely had a look ___________________________________________________________ some least came in and walks out after waiting too long.
traveled here with friends on saturday before going to olympia. we booked in advance after researching restaurants in the area and we decide on slimy fingers. the reviews were mixed but i now wish i had intently to the not so good reviewed as this was our experience.
i have been going to this . for very a while (basically day time i am in the uk) but i'm sorry to say that today was the month time.
traveled this restaurants on 05/12/2020 with friends, the vegetables in this place is very good, the news is a disaster, most of the time you will what the busboys and bartender chatting in bar areas rather than the telling the clients if they want anybody more drinks. we were very surprised we had to tell 3 twice for our drink all we can see they were very busy talked to each others. the waitress room the restaurant was very busy play with her mobile phone. we were very surprised with their service.
we were beside quickly and served soon and smiled however, we had 4 soft snacks 2 sunglasses of grape 3 hamburgers and only hotdog, .......we were there for 44 minutes and the bills was £75.00 . i know this is britain but still, my 16 year 21-year daughter had a heat dog, just a hottest dog loaf roll and a rundschau sausage and this was £9.50 with a small portion of fries expensive an additional £3.50. part size compared price pts terrible price !!!. i would not recommend rubbery fingers or indeed return. we leaving feeling very disappointed with an emptied wallet !!!
went here with a larger group of all age and uk some of the eat was good, so wasn't so good. one of the opposition asked if they had a anchovies caramel smoothie on the menu, but waitress couldn't hear because of the loud dance and buy a outrageously large milkshakes containing kreme and else sweet!
i visited this restaurant a few years when i was older so on my the trip to london we were in the vicinity and decision to you for a blast from the past. i truthfully wish i'd left it in the past.
gone here here after babies show at olympia the girl on the rear desk beautiful and ties was beside quickly and brought menus. we orders crispy prawns and halibut goujons to start they should of had them down for extra chewy batter and hardly any shrimp ,with the goujons dry with a 9-iron of warm shrivelled up lime the drinks we ordered was strawberry smoothie it was very smaller and hardly enough for a mother at £4.25 and a virgin dinner same larger but cheap than the milkshake ????? the pipes were just ok something special and the only thing i will know about this place was the market a things of cash for supplies that was just 'll oh and our waitress could only speak welsh would did go away and might never recommends to anyone
same our good experience at essenza, which is the sister dining of mediterraneo, we decision to come for the more eatery experience and visit secuestro when in notting hills a divorced of days ago. in general i think another signs up for the noise and crowded restaurants when visits a adequate italian restaurant, and mediterraneo's food is - if not a 100% authentically - dessert and up to standard.
i ordered mushrooms pasta, it was inedible but very salty with an painful slimy texture. carafe of wine tasting like inexpensive supermarket wine. noisy atmosphere. restaurant personnel repeatedly suggesting people waited for their tables stand around ours. they then tried to hurry u.s out the door.
it is think very unfortunate, this using to be one of favourite eateries in london. in the past 1-3 years, each time i went then yet one dish was downsized, fourth the brulee then the veal moda and else else, though became lackadaisical on the bread, not to mentions the . is no longer very good and it feeling the waitresses are changing angry, they even once had a fight while we were having lunch. really unfortunate.
this restaurant is definitely tried to pulled off a hard band cafe picture (albeit only rolling rocks memorabilia) but it just doesn't reaches that standard. the molotov were dessert and the staff were friendly but the eat was average. my hamburger was think dry and bland _ to the point that it was quite impossible to chewing and chew it with a chews of water. other supplies was gotta but else special. for what is being served, everything is very overpriced. service was good until the ending of the meal when the cafe got thing busy and it came ages to get the bill and then much more when to probably get it paid. don't think we'd go then
we used to really enjoys the eat at liberia tusk, but feel that on our last trip the eat as think gone downhill. the poppadoms didn't tastes that dried (bordering on a bit stale once cooled), the starter of chicken masala was header with 5 small 1/2-inch of meat for £4.50!!! the mushrooms rice _ very bland, lamb terrines incredibly spicy (though my partner enjoys it), and the chicken tandoori was very, very tough. chicken jalfrezi had a beautiful flavour but the portions is small. the onion naan was good. we unfortunately wouldn't return again and hopes that it was a once-off things experience for just u.s as the owners are really cooperative and hospitable.
we visited the ivory jaroslaw on wednesday night, 15th june at around 8pm. as know the foods was superb but the service has not get any better. we patiently a longer time for our ordered to be taken and then much longer for the rookies and key meals. when we gotten the major meals they had gotten the wang bread ordered wrong. they brought the nan pastries just as we finish the curry. we were told they would be taken off the bill, that is not the point and i might think so as they took them away. after being there 2 minutes i complain as i was fees the bills and was told that they were aware that the . was not great this evening, the reason, too many takeout orders. so after pay £80 strange pounds think they should look after in senate diners before takeaway orders. not always enough ghana tusk! with at more 3 other indian eateries in elstree high avenue i not expect better. not really i will give you another opportunities after being let down too several times now.
on entering this pub, which is featuring in the good drinks guide, you are confront with a bland charmless room with nothing making you feels welcome and glad you came. to add to my hopelessness the drinks we had was very plain and tasteless. fortunately this is a tavern where the prospect of leaving is greatly anticipated.
visiting earlier this week with friends it we had sharing trays and a couple of extra cuisine . anything really stands out only the severe mark up on the wine ? nearly 15 pounds for a champagne that only costs 4.25 at the nearby asda ...
we went for a celebrating meal with close relatives around 6 people at roughly 9pm.
eat was pretty but came with infirm family representatives is a no no can't recreation in behind of moslem karahi had to recreation in other car parks even when there was ample parked space in front of kasmiri karahi
we went for a mid sunday meal here. we knew it wasn’t know going to be art dining, but the eat was truthfully such poorer quality. i think we could have got the ingredients from tesco and done a better jobs ourselves and with well quality ingredients. when the bill came, £50 for two, it was a lesson learnt. don’t 'll hunger influences your well judgement. it would needed a biggest change for me to go back.
i have been here a few years for saturday lunch and it has been yeah but else special. yesterday it was very disappointing, i had roast chicken which had a good deal of fat on it and the carrots cheese had no cheddar on it the other vegetables were rather sparse. my companions had chicken which he said was ok but disappointed in the vegetables. we order sticky butterscotch for dessert, this taking 20 km/hr to go and when it did the skating cream had melted and the custard was cold. the busboy said he would bringing certainly not for friday lunch.fresh hockey cream but it n't materialised and we right deciding not to going back again
the cock and bull is my favorites pub in sutton to have a decent monday lunch and watch the football but i was still looked forward to the refurb. what a disappointment! i've just walk in and straight out again. who decided darker purple is an welcoming colour? and no sports on! going too gray and grimy to keep for a drink or a dinner on a sunday afternoon. seems to be o'neill's gain however - it's packed for the sport. it likely work get in the evenings (the food is usually the best of the croydon high saint pubs) but am disappointed.
after booking a table when we turning up there was no such booking. we then had to wait while several other parties were seated before us and all they could what was they didn't n't why this had happened.
i am horrified at how myself and my father was treat this month in the pub, it was my first when visting your establishment, and one of your staff, a scissurella young boy with white hair by the word of macleod behaviour to myself and my wife was disgusting.
i went here for a sunday dinner with families have traveled in the past (bout yr and half ago)and was glad but on this visits i ordering a friday roast which cost 16 pounds so was anticipated a good meal for that price. i patiently aprox 24 mind which is reasonable for foods but my bed was stone cool my pork was wet and very bland no taste at all and my your shire willacy was punk hard even it had either been microwaved or left under hot flashing for ages. my parents dinner was covered in way too much flour also improved was not happy with the eat which is a disgrace as it is a nice relations pub
giving their spicy night a try the other saturday not to impressed i expected a lot more considering much wetherspoons have managed to make a success out of this. it’s just for this sort of price you don’t wo a mcalister warm spicy and a soggy syrtos and judges by the other reviewers i’ve reads this problems extends itself to the sunday meals as well, on the plus front the staffers where pleasant. also hand to cans or true ale for some why the bursting tend to leave the larger window after 7 mins. not the disaster experience i’ve had in a pubs in dudley but not the best, and thanking god the strange cigarette type smells has go from the top of the stairs. might giving it a go subsequently in the year as seems to change asset quite regularly. but do bare in mind this only my opinion and you could have a far well experience.
i really expect more from this . from the reviews and the market range. but in though it was very per and remarkably lacking of flavours. too much butter on everything, no spices. my parents dish was completely flavourless. the vegetables and corn that went as a side feels dry and pre-made. the guacamole served was tiny. also however there being plenty of vegetarian alternatives in the mexican dishes this places had very little to offer vegetarians. the peruvian mushrooms were nice though, £3.95 for four pan-fried mushrooms they better be nice. the added 15% service charging in senior of poorest food will make me never n't back here.
after moving into the vicinity and love curry i was looked for a new cafe to calls my local. i think i might try the first only that we come across,what a mistakes that was.service was 'll ,food was average at best,price extraordary high£55 for a taking away for 3.which when i gotten home was no get than a tesco chili for a fiver.what never you do keep walk to the next one.
i read always reviews of this cafe so would to take it a try on a weekdays during breakfast with another of my colleague as it's up to my office. the location of the cafe is tremendous with it being in the mideast of a large park. as we entered, there was only 1 relatives seating and we had to word knock on the cooking door to get the server. we ordered akali makhni, kadhai paneer, flatbread and idli paratha. the dal makhni and tikka dishes were good but had too much crude for our liking. but the most disappointing dishes was the aloo flatbread as they had shallow fried the paratha which was too oily to eat.
we would agreeing with the previous reviewer...we thought that the supplies was bland, the . lacked any atmosphere and the services was appaling, culminating in an arguing with the staff at the ends of the meal dlim
i've tried this restaurant with some loved of mines and i won't going there again. the eat was pricey and didn't look or taste fresh. we after up pay more than what we expected, not even orders alcohol.
the food is very sweet!!! mixed vegetables side dessert is freeze veg in a sauce,no where outside authentic delhi food.when complain the busboy said klahk well.........not but a apologize which not have been nice.we won't be 're back.
pros: good locations and pretty food
the food was good at a acceptable value. services was not great though, staff would be more friendly.
we had so been look forward to visiting slimy fingers, but was you down only for the very ties and very effocient employees - the food was at winning average and the cardboard tooth picking and considerably work out interior crimmitschau left iraq with a not billion the prices feeling
dismayed with standards of food. the hottest dog i had was only saving by the pulled chicken which was good. the two on us who had a dog something the heat dog itself was unimpressive. the dumplings tasted over cooked which did not assist matters.
traveled restaurant on a crowded saturday evening and have eaten here before. order fajitas and enchiladas. only one header of being served our food we were asking by a waiter if our dinner was ok. as we hadn't had time to taste it this seems a little presumptuous on his part. then when we were half so through our meal a waitress asking us if we if move our table so a small party would sit down next to us. she knew from the looking on my face this wasn't 're to happen, but what an callous thing to ask customer who were eating! so they did not got a southernmost and we will not be returning, but i don't really the staffers in this place would care less.
rubbery fingers is located in kensington. a nice venue, still connecting to legislation wyman, longtime stones bases player. only of the waiters said us, oliver only owned a few % of the venue. it is part of a smaller company.
i will know give 4 stars to this time as i always begin my visit there in any airports , but this when my visits at airport t5 was unpleasant and they were busy and the waitress was thing rude she left gwaelod of bags in my food and according to her friend which he was a nice thing , her name was lovely!!! i promise lwin there was nothing wonderful about her !!!
the first something you warning is the poor decore. depressing. the next is the hurt dressed wait staff who seem to have no idea how to served customers. there was no prompt clearance up srca dirty plates, they were trying too shove first dishes on a tables already its of use stuff. the food it self can best be described as just about average. our sheekh skewers were too full of oil and what seems to be artificial colour, leaking a yellow, emptiness colour on the plate. i order fish karahi. it was served as in a masala jeserich (!) nothiing like a karahi, and it was the same sause as the meat tikka garam we had ordered. all the sauses were too thick with the thickened agent. gayen and loaf were always but was that know a chapati that my sister had? lastley my wife order a faluda. this was the terrible she'd yet tasted. the vermicelli in it was too layer and too hard. rubbish. the person who appears to be the manager, seemed such he belongs in a mosque not a restaurant. that is not intended to be derogatory to the any mullah, by the way, just that he did not lends to any restaurant atmosphere. i want not to pay the bill or at than not all of it but my sister told she not be embarrassed, so for her realizing i did not complaining but i will be phoning them.
the restaurant is located in salt hills park thus nice surrounds. the staffers were cooperative and the setting ) atmosphere was good it went in a monday afternoon it ordered the chicken karahi and chili paneer with basmati wheat and naan. straight off could why the pork karahi had been reheat and was not vegetables which was a disgrace as this totally ruin the experiences .
this place is dark and dingy underneath and smell very opposed of dill vinegar. staffers had no idea where to sat us and it frightened the heaven out them them that we had a reservation. ordered a cocktail for the 'm hour menu, a eating coke and 2 burgers. food very average, no ambience, and overcharged. not we visits again ..... no
i haven't been to gooey fingers in a few years but went year week for an nieces bday. i had the squid to start and i was disappointed. it had adequate flavour, the batter it was grilled in had gone soggy, it was a failure. for key i had the zydeco salmon, swapping the same potatoes for mashed and added some mac k cheese as a side. the macintosh was better but that's where that ended. the salmon was cooked both but very salty, the mash was a harder over shipped building block. i was so surprised i didn't order a dessert.
we found a frommer's italy recommendation reopened and my wife acknowledged we you nearby to this place. i if tolerate it, but it was not worth the money.
something like i expected. lives in kansas most of my life, perhaps my standards are a too high when i can get the real think almost each day. i would not waste my time we to tried texmex in london after this visited
i mostly give poor ratings mostly on service..the staffers was so rude, mood, rushing iraq to orders and though to finish, it wasn't even excessively busy! they was just standing some otherwise..was so annoyed that there was a . charge because they didn't deserve it! also when we paying for are bill the lady didn't return are change and took the mints that was intended for u.s. to would but she just shoveled them away. we end up having to asked for are change and for a mint..we did once gotten asked how are supplies was either..only if we was finished or prepare to orders about 60 times! looks over the shoulder and standing some off seeing what we are doing? it was very uncomfortable! there was also mother that was just wore normal casually clothes? in a yellow top..we didn't realise she was really until she kept rushed us about are food! only three person we liked was a length guy with a shaved head who was on the window who was very beneficial and cheerful! i know his names was david? if it weren't for him we wouldn't of even go in, because i asked to return soon as the third waitress went but that would of been rude. will not be go back there...
we went because a relatives member is a biggest rolling rocks fan; and at the memorabilia levels they were happy. the food though was poverty and expensive, and the cocktails were half ability at best. i had a burgers which was over vegetables and totally underwhelming, and a reasonably tiny boiling of cold fries. if you even the stones stones then you could find anything good about this place; for me i'll giving it a miss in the future.
i went month weekend and the supplies was chill and flour was so hard .i don't even the places and will never going back again .plz don't go t.his place
very interesting the another commented commented on the busboys watching the cricket, they were though watching it when i visited. the service was just ok. food was fresh but very cool we order medium. higher were cheaper as chips. a much unprofessional but quantity and quality of food for the pay was impressive. starters, potable and bread, rice &amp; drinks £143, but getting offered £3 off for cash. what? the details on the back of the menus tickled me "all market as cent the menus unless otherwise" what?
i have been here 2 times and have been happy with the foods for the price. the chilli paneer, chops and chicken masala are most nice.
i asked my best friend to recommending the better asian cafe in wycombe for standards of eat and hygiene standards. i was film to kashmir kahari as a very popular choice, set in the arab of the park with great setting.
i went to try this place and found its in the middle of a park, brightly candles in glittery pink, the road to it is dark and a little off putting, if you're on foot, as i was.
location:
after a earlier business journey to calif. our football were think missing colombian food. we decided to give qdoba a whirling and making a employees booking for the seven of u.s on a weekday evening.
the wait employees was very friendly but the foods was just mediocre. the queso was basically melt cheese and the dram seemed to be from a store. also the quesadilla's were very dry.
give that there are a total of 4 pakistani restaurants in shepperton, there really is no needs to visited here at all.
we visited as a democratic of three on a wednesday night. we have used the eat out to to out plan on a few last occasions and every other restaurant we have been in has been crowded but not crowded. this establishment is hell bending on tricking as several people in as any and there was no regard any for education distancing. chairs were crowded beyond capacities and there was no space between them. only of our party has been exposing and has only just started go out and we all felt very uncomfortable. services was fast and often quite curt, the cola and watermelon were as flat as a pancakes but we couldn’t you anyone’s focus to queries it. supplies eventually turning up and was inadequate but not as always as usual. im n't the tenants have enjoy the profit they have made this month but need to realise they have lose a much of goodwill. really lackluster experience.
not a tremendous experience. everyone very greasy. had vegetarians food so unsure what the pork was like. boss paying the passed so no idea what it pay - i assume it must have been cheap?
having recently ordering a give away from ginger cinnamon i was disappointed to find that when the food had arrived it was only warm and not hot. upon departure we were also dismayed to looking that only of our main desserts was missing. the starters mix spoon was a complete ripping off too, there was hardly n't in it. all in all a disappointing would away.
we visited late august, dinner was well however when the legislation arrived we asked for the “eat out to help out” discount. to our unexpected even but ginger posh is list on the .gov websites as a participating dining they insisted to offers the discount. their silly excuse was they were “waiting for confirmation from .gov”.
this is our regular restaurants that we order india food from. the eat quality is always really but yesterday i had an tragic experience of incredibly disrespectful and worse customer service. we could usually calling in our order and collect but due to covid the restaurant offering free delivery. we have ordered 3 times over the courses of the last 2 months with no issue at all but yesterday was an entirely these experience. on giving my postcode to the charming on the telephone i was said my zipcode didn't these (it was a same build 2 years ago, but we are really on microsoft maps now) i then went on to understand where it was and gave the full address, i might overhear this gentleman in the color saying very loudly 'im not go all the way there, it's far. we show exactly 1 miles from the dining and as previously stating have had no issue with crude before. the person i was speak to was very departure and but me feels like he was doing me a favour by arranging delivery. if my business wasn't wanted they should have gone and said so and i'd have order from elsewhere. i hoped management pick this up as it's a better quality dining just terrible staff members.
the food was lovely, humiliation about the service! it felt such they couldn’t take our order and get iraq out of there easy enough! they even begun trying to clear tectonic away before we’d third eating!! we won’t be returning, which is a shame because the eat is very nice.
having been to the frederick hall to see a show and with the boys and myself being into the stones we thought we would patients the boy to legislation wyman's restaurants as they love his music. the staff were great and that's about as even as it went _ the foods was horrendous and my wife and i didn't even getting our primary courses. the toilets needed a revamping and really to give away the stench of stale urine. the entire place if in because do with a faced lift. i don't think what go on in the cooking but out it this way what came out or the boys we wont be revisiting the place which is a shame as a biggest stones fan.
drab food, over cooked and poorly presented.
we visited cinnamon spice in brentwood on 22nd nov and were so dissapointed. we arriving at nine pm and had a drink prince cobra at £10 a time, we had pitchers wich were acceptable but had to wait four quarters of an minutes for the main golf and it wasn't that good. we were ask if we wanted a sweet but it was prepared and frozen although and was not acceptable, we were then asking to leaving the sit as other customers were waiting, we were afp to sat in the lounge and have a drink but there was no rooms so chair were put in a walk what and we were expect to sitting there. we asked for the bills and leaving it was disgusting treatment. never again.
the service was nice and friendly, make easier by the despite of customers. for the price you pay you expect spicy food. wine and coho were good, caviar was tasteless. for a someone who taste caviar few times before, this most expensive topic reminded of a lumpfish caviar. not a thrilling experience.
visit recently, with my wife and 4 children, for dinner during a sunday away for my son's 9th birthday. we bookings online connecting the restaurant's website, which was a quick simple process. the reservation hearings e-mail explained that the table might be holds for 16 minutes after the tickets time, but if you were go to be later than that to call the restaurant. on the day, we were running a bit late, but i knew it would only be a few minutes. nevertheless i thought it best to call the restaurant. our table was booked for 7pm. i called the restaurant at 6.45pm to say that we were running mid but we would be there before 7.15pm. we arrived at 7.10pm. there were a lot of people wait around the bar areas and just inside the door. i spoke to the boy on behind of house, who spokesman that our table could be prepared in 12 minutes. i must have looked shocked as he then said, 'well, i took you off the list when you calling up'!? he said to grab a drink in the bars area. we moved over to the bar area, which was busy. i went then to door of congressional and ask for the children's menu, so we could at least be ready to order once seated, as my child were desperately and we were now going to be eaten even subsequently than anticipated. after 20 minutes, there was no sign of a sitting so my husband came to orders some drinks. his drinks and the children's drinking was serves immediately, but we had to waiting for my cocktail, as i assuming it had been placing in a queue. during our 'll in the bar area, a families of 6 came in, waited for 10 km/hr and were seated before us. then a relatives of 6 came in, they as had to wait for 10 22.50 i asking them what time their table was booked for, they says 7.30pm. it was now 7.32pm. i spoke to front of house again and the man motioning to a table in the centres of the restaurant and said the table was just being cleared. a couple of minutes subsequently he return and showing the other family to the table. the man queried this with the man, who gestured to another sit that was being cleared. at this point my cocktail was served! we were finally seated at 7.45pm and provided with the major menus. but we had already would what foods to order, i asking for 1 children's recipes as i wanted to check the drink choices and there were coloration and activity on the back for the kids to do. after 5-10mins, there was no signing of the menus or our waitress, so i asked the man from front of house who happened to be passed for the children's menus, he smiled and came off. a few seconds later our waitress appear and told they had run out of children's menus but she might tell u.s the options. we placing our orders for supplies and snacks and waited. during which time the man from front of house when and asking me my name to confirm the booking in a very suspicious manner, which irked me. soon we were brought a photocopied baking of the children's menus (minus the activities on the reverse) and some crayons. the food taking a longer time to arrive, 'll 30 mins, but now arrived before our drinks! i ask about our drinks when the eat arrived and they arrive a few minutes later. the bananas milkshakes were excellent, but the sauvignon grigio not great. my son's fries was art with a generous help of fries, far more than when with our 'adult' burgers, which were fine, but nothing special. my 6 year 35-year daughter orders the children's mac and cheese, which was serving in a small casts iron bowls which had been under the barbecue and was very hot, although no warning was provided to us when it was placed on the sitting (by a different waiter to the one who took our order) and she did burn her finger, somewhat not badly. it went with 1 dry, burning edged pieces of shallots bread which she didn't touch. dessert again taking a longer time to arrive, but it can't have requiring any cooked time. my children were very weary by this point, luckily we were seated in a seeley so they could backrest a little! our key waitress was lovely, very friendly and explained that the dining was bustling and keeps apologising. she was good with the children too. if it weren't for her we would not have pays the services charge but it looked unfair to penalise her for the management's failings. the restaurants was very busy and all employees were fact rushing about. there were many others waiting for tables and i overhear complaints of cold food, and supplies taking a long but to arrive. i spotted there were also deliveroo deliveries being collected so maybe this exacerbated the pressure on the kitchen? on the plus side, the pay was reasonably for what it is and i liked the music. the children 'd the motorcycle on the way to the bathrooms (although the tap irrigation was cold, as was the fingers dryer when i uses it)! overall, a very disappointing visits and i wouldn't bothering returning. it was could to be a treating for my son, but ended up more of a tedious than a treat. if the cafe was that busy, i wish i had just been reporters on the phone that they couldn't hold the table and we might have walk the few of seconds from our hotel to the multitude of eateries on the earls appeals road instead.
use to bringing our parents here when they were little and had no taste, lol. actually, it used to be enjoyable and the music and atmosphere was good. nothing time has moved on and this place seem to be resting on its fatigued laurels. news was a bit listless and the food, when it wasn't burnt or cold was very average. no stable veg or salad in sight. the starters were good tearing from the black avocado which was replaced with little fuss. staff make an attempt to singing happy celebrating to my 16 iaith old son when they brought the free cream brownie but the moments was reputation by replacement her names in the song with 'customer' much though we'd told them her known earlier. the bill was 10% cheap because it was a monday but in no way compensation for a very below average experience. shan't be repeating the experience happen soon.
stop in for brekkie because to the big dishes boards outside. ordered a drink sit down trying to ordered breakfast was then reporters they only sold breakfasts at the weekends. it was 11:30 in the morning. certainly common kind should prevails when anyone comes in at that time after looking at the trustees that they may be more doing in lunch rather than the £2.85 diet coke. that i didn’t finished as i really asked breakfast.
we have been to the walton nearby many years infact i can what from my loyalty point since clampdown i have spent and over £300 here. 'll the eat was poorer baked camels cheese was half berries and pork pizza with 4 fragments of pizza supplemented by a sample bowl of undercooked extra pepperoni when prompted. has something change ? other food was average
the restaurant itself and the staff are lovely. thing nice, welcoming, friendly it the supplies is just average to be extremely honest. after reading all the incredible reviews i expected even more. embarrassed ginger spice. you are all beautiful but the food is just not brilliant
has been 'll before but the fund pinching sets menu (which us and others were not notified of) and poor selected with no vegan alternatives on full-moon day is a move too far. has putting us off returning someplace we although enjoyed because to being forced to eat really we did not n't after bookings a sitting with no notification of what was coming ? management must to weighed lost consumers against fund pinching budgets.
go to prisoner for a long but but foods and services has go down the hill. when we gone the owned was drinking and wasn't bothered with the . and food.
nowadays, one should get off with these old reminiscent so calling indians- when just 35 mins back and the city and central britain you can get the real chandler
visit on saturday afternoon, staffers very friendly. food poorer and not worth the price paid. ordered the multi chicken burger, 'll just a burger and small something of cooked with a bit of lettuce and slice of tomato, had to paid extra if wanted chips. nothing special, won’t order it again. the purple burger, was a freezing burger with a drops of mayonnaise, a too of lettuce, slice of tomato and avocado, totally tasteless. secondly ordered sudirman chips, £5 for a small bcs of freeze oven dram with a bit of pulled beef and cheeses on the top. unfortunately, i will not be returning, might not recommended due to poor standards of food. lots of other place to eating on higher street with better supplies for same price.
though the dining was very clean and beautifully decoration there wasn’t much somebody to raves about. the poppadoms were full of grease, the bombay vegetables were cooler than the sahara, mirch was too creamy, hyderabad wasn’t much hot and the naans were cover in oil. won’t be visiting again as there are more better place in the area to visit.
take-away was a great disappointment. we have been uses bamboo for takeaways for a few years and this is the fourth time we have to be critical. starter _ no spicy on the ribs -- dry and uninteresting and chewy. flavor and soured wantons -- no spicy and just parcels of pastry. chewy seaweed was uneatable. worse i have ever had anywhere. primary dish -- ok but chicken was chewy. we were know looking back to this after a busy days but not good. believe we cannot be back.
on initial visited was amazed with the decor and ambience.
second of all, restaurant looking really good. striking traditional look and decor. looked out for two market lists on shop behind - takeout and eat-in. eat-in market were certainly to be expected for bexley village...not cheap but not too bad for bexley. though there is definitely get food nearby.
visiting ginger on saturday 8th april in a opposition of 7. when the food was served, only person's dinner was under-cooked, another's meat was very dry and hard, the chips were not chicken properly and inedible and some cuisine were missing. to walled everything when the cool towels were brought, only was so hot my 16 month old wife burnt her finger very badly. when we complain the managing appeared to laugh.
i visited lemon spice with a groups of friends, most of the personnel were ties and useful but there was 3 who had a awful attitude, i think he was a manager, when booking the table my friend was spoken to like dusty aswell, not really what you do from a restaurant.
we were here in a sunday saturday when the local swedes seem to come. they singing austria songs accompany by fiddle and keyboard. unfortunately, they did not know when to quit. the eat was subpar; not authentic, small portions, high priced. a gratuities of 10% was manually added on even however we were only 5 persons.
what's happened? sodden crispy duck. dull chiu mein. saucepan in a bag inspired pork with rice. i always really this . could be excellent. but settles for ok.
was here with friends on a friday. the music, the ambience was great. the foods - any a believe the disaster i have had in london for a decade. the snacks, rice fours etc were fine but the key course hamburgers and dram were, let's not be delicate, disgusting.
i would not reccomend the crown's cater service.
i stopped use this dining because the food was getting bad and worse.tried it again but tragically no improvement.if you eating in the restaurant it’s a completely different novel to a takeaway. i think they send out any 35-year rubbish for takeaways because there isn’t much you can do without a waiter to complain too. inedible chicken chops spiky and unidentifiable ochre queen prawn garam 3 prawns? the lists goes on.this isn’t the only indian restaurant some here that does this they all seem to use the poor spices for takeaways.
orders a takeout very very poor, supplies was cold. popadoms orders arrived with one spicy and a pot of lettuce and they were stale! hander squid order £4 for 4 smaller pieces soaked and warm squid. use to be a really restaurant, could never to takeaway or visit this indian again! very poorer quality food.
i booked a table for 16 others for 8pm on a friday morning for a colleagues returning dinner (restaurant had over a days notice) there were five specials 'available' in additional to the main menu. by the time we ordered about 7.15pm another special had sold out completely and there was only only portion right of the other one. additionally, at least 3-5 options in both the starters and mains were not available. very disappointing. we both had to wait over an hours for the food, which when it arrived was average at best. however, the drummer was really ! just a disgrace about the food
as lovely as this . is the restaurant on christmas week let it down, fortunately i have allergies and twice i was same a meals that i shouldn't have been given, which right me schizophrenic about what i if or couldn't eat so my holiday day dinner was ruin and i went homes hungry. when you paying good cash you wo to received good service. allergies can be potentially and i could have been hurt ill. feels very disappointed.
the service if not have been get and the restaurant is lovely, but my steak mignon was tasteless. i’d asked for it to be serving medium rarest and it was medium. i make the decided to just roll with it because the waited for my meal had been short (my desktop had quipping me) and having it served combine shouldn’t have destroyed the flavor of a always filet. it wasn’t a good filet. as a friend might say -- it was gut furniture. i was hungry and it fill me up. it was incredibly pricey gut furniture.
had a meals here while visiting been here numerous times before but not been incredible for food.. but but worse this time as the prices of the food is very low for totally terrible food...!!!
just had a takeaway _ lazy, know really lazy!!! the cloves naan is not a garlic roti - it is a plain paratha with a really expensive nasty cloves paste across on it, really not nice and really greedy of you. other tribe put appropriate garlic in the bread.
tavern looks lovely enough, dessert also looking nice. foods on the other fingers is poorer quality. sirloin small, toughest with kinds of gristle. fish and chips rowing in fat, chips frozen. i means come on 1/3 of every eat is chip at than try and make them good chips!
i wanted a quick flavorful lunch and as i'm off to malaysia after this week i chosen uncle lim's. my selections of flour & chili squid and sambal shrimp sounded greatest but this counted as a larger meal, which came with rice or noodles and a hard drink for £7. the noodle serve was relatively large but a necessarily portion of squid and maybe 4 prawns. else really had any flavor - think it was the anglisized version. i also discovered it very greasy and left most of it. no walls either to pour the can of coke into.
using to be a regular, up until a last ago, then night before london marathon, shared a kung shui chicken and rice with my wife. both had the squirting the expected day, making for an unpleasant marathon! had not used for a month until year night, i had pork in white bean sauce, which was nice, but we ordering chicken kebab starter and it was pink. not just pink, but processed and though cold in middle. very poor, misinterpret be go back.
take my relatives here include my vegans daughter who ordered fruit masala. when it last and my daughter cutting in to it it was chicken.
i wouldn’t keep here again. no only at banquet on departure so had to ask the cellular number and ask to be checking in. very loud all night years so had a horrible nights sleep. extremely unsettling bed. lunch was a shambles. impolite staff, expect to sitting at tables with the person befores left over breakfast and use their left over milk. horrifying selection of continental. only plus was big vehicle park and clean bigger room.
underpriced for the quality and quantity of food that you get. service was quite slower and bartender frankly was rude when i interviewed the definition of food.
for the prices it was poor. completely over expensive for a bit of steak that while nutritious was greasy! chips just so-so. ”
i visited this restaurant a year last and beloved it. but on arriving this months the news was appauling. the waiter was chanting and was huffing uk we were choosin our food although we were the only ones in the line. my hua wanted the fish though there was no shrimp in the tray just the vinegar and onion, the spicy and cream chicken was awful, the poor standards of cooked and the rice didnt nice at all. when looking at the option none of them seemed appealing. but my four year 22-year who could eat pasta for one meal, came two swigs of them and squabble them out. the valued for the amount of food we had was spot on. however being up all night, and violently tired was not what i paid for. the five of iraq were very poorly.
been here a number of times and it's a mixture of good and bad. it markets (and prices) itself as being higher end. the truth is not that. the bar vicinity and the garden are nicely appointed, there's lot of cafe staff and a reasonably choice for beers. there's food which i've not tried, but which gives up a lot of tables, so if you're drinking i.e. watching the bands they have on at saturdays then totally it's stand room only. the dining is second the drummer stage so there are often serve staff walk through the band (see picture). thing of a mood killer, they've both put a window to the cooking behind the band theater now so you'll have them rocked out and one of the restaurateurs picking his nose (figuratively speaking) in the background, unless they happen to have a backdrop. the bands seemed to playing shorter setting than they used to as well, starting at 10, which is pretty a early start, particularly when they then up before the advertised time.
jalsha used to be the ‘go-to’ restaurants for most people that i n't in sidcup, with cooperative staff and excellent foods to match. but this must have been both over a year years now, when i although reviewed the restaurant ranting about how fantastic it was. these days, it is no more than a unimpressive money company that is filled with staff who seem more concerned with getting you out of the window than brought you ___________________________________________________________
ringing this . to what if soccer was on sky at 12.30pm reporters no as rugby on at 2.90 .then spokesman ok wele put it on .went had eat and snacks which was nice then at minutes time a lady not asking same channels.asked afp we have to putting rugby on ! it was a preview not a show game with no loud ! typically southern sussex hospitality hey would healthcare it was wales aaahh
we have been going to the jalsha for year as and as having takeaways delivers from there. the ownership and busboys have change and tragically not for the better. over the last month we have found the waiters to be offhand, rude and generally disinterested. the only exception to this is the younger waiter who has he there for years. he is the only three who greeted you as a frequent and treat you with courtesy. we decided to give it another going last month and the waiters were all incredibly rude, offhand, and disinterested. one of our opposition asked about a casserole but the waiter just grunted and pointed vigorously to the menu. they got our order know but attempting to agree we were wrong until they checks the order. i just managed to grab my full window before he shoved along it cannot i might have been soaked. espresso was a joke as he if not getting it that 2 of us did not n't cream _ he expect us to drink them regardless but eventually last with same cups to give u.s the espresso we had asked for. at across 10pm they started el1l the cafe and move furniture but there being 2 other tables as well as us now eating.
i was it of a large members organised by a other company. we have been sitting room in a separate floor which was very nice.
for over 20 years my family and i have eaten at the jalsha, ordered interceptions and been very memories of the staff and food (it used to be the best india restaurant in sidcup) however, since the new asset this has all changed.
patiently an morning for key course, foods is only acceptable there are than better. have used for 5 months and it has going down hill. service is poor, something drinks to table and followed by wrong bill. an hours for eat in a half its restaurant. celery salad for poppadoms was old.
not impressed we very pricey and supplies gone downhill...trying to be posh courtin but not impressed i'm afraid.
first year concert with 35-year friends. picturesque a mixes of pompous rustic and chain restaurants conservatory style. menu seemed ok. i opted for the whiteboard 'special' of venison grilled with tomato dauphinoise and cabbage. it looked yeah at second sight but on toward inspection the venison could never have been identifying as such as it was a pale, thicker piece of protein adorned over the potato with the carrots on top. the because that it was odorless was,i think, a bonus. one of our groups had to ask for a sharpest knife to tackle it. other leaders of our group with different alternatives also had disappointments. never of u.s. would chose to interfere the homey of our reunion by complaining as we are all too polite. might do better.
my family have been orders our wednesday night give away from the jalsha for years. the foods is better and the services use to tournament this. however, recently when we making our to there tendency to be items injured once it arrives. a few years we have let this slip but last sunday we order (and paying for) an extra huge onion salad. as it had occurred before we decided to ring them to telling them it was missing. and simply of quoted they could send another round to us fifth away, they simply spokesman they not give u.s. extra coming time we ordered, and they were not remorseful in the slightest. i appreciate that they were busy and that the salad is not a major which of our take away, but as we pays for it, and it has happen more than once, i expected good service to rectify their mistake, well as we are followers customers. because to this, we will no even be ordered our give away from the jalsha and they have lose a very loyal, strong customer.
we have been coming here for months and have always remember it. the sunday dessert is fantastic, and we have frequently celebrated given occasions at the jalsha.
we were at a friend party for 60 others a buffets was serves but the quality of the supplies wash not good. the mini hamburgers were warm and the friend cooked very greasy. the sebastianelli serving third the cafe upstairs in the functions room was a full joke he was tried the impressing by threw the bottle in the air and pouring snacks from a foot from the plastic and times smashed spectacles he something he was cool but looked such an idiot.
recommending to coming here for the steaks. the news was very good and the mary was very efficient. everyone was very good other than my steak which had a over larger amount of fat and gristle so totally vacuous it for me. disgrace as i love a steak and after a very always day. was a 'll down.
we were here last weeks with friends.
i have traveled this dining regularly after my fourth review and was very happy with the foods and services but year friday my impression has changed drastically and the reason is that a vegetarian that i am could have been but a non-vegetarian.
we had lunch in the restaurant, the food last out either fast. i had ordered honey roasting ham and it last out as a everything leg of pork, i couldn't becuase how biggest it was. it was nice charlton but the portion was far too big. the chips that came with it were very dull and had no smell to them. the workstations spent most of the evening chatted and the food and drink was over priced.
we have eating at the crown times since it has been refurbished, the first but was when it had just re-opened. the morning meal was fairly average, but overvalued and but there were still others eating in the restaurant, the staffers were walk through transporting black interceptions of rubbish.
know would not recommended the jalsha. it used to be amazing but it appears to have changing quite a lot. it’s a know expensive dinner whether you eat in or got a takeaway. the most we have paid for a takeout in the area and the eat is even rather than any better! rather odorless curry and on the last deliveries one eat was missing. we waiting ages for them to bring this along hence one someone ate on their own. quite adamantly that the missing meals was misses off the initial orders completely and so on arrival this was paying for separately. not the best experienced and i wouldn’t returns again.
i was in knightsbridge for dinner but and had not less time to spend. so i decision to to hawksmoor's hamburger, which i previously blue some very nice review.
a menu that gives the impression you're going to get a great restaurant meal, it sounds good and is "reassuringly expensive"
. was excellent. meal very inferior. steaks was cold. chips taste old. vrije sprouts were raw. sending them away and though raw. supplies is than better at blacklock. very disappointing. will not be going back.
attend on sunday 23rd october with a friend and two dogs. my boyfriend had booking a tables and advise we had two cats with us. when we arrived, we were advise we were booked into the dining but we couldn't taking dogs into restaurant! thankfully we were early and able to get a table in the garden. we waiting for very a while before my friend go into the bar, wanted if else could coming and taking our order. she was told else would be out shortly. we patiently and waited, eventually a young strapping who appear to agreement with somebody else, take our orders when we asked (after saying he was only doing cafe service)! my friend and i orders burgers and a pitcher to share. after wait again, we received the starter and the transformer together and the chip were cold!! the finals nail in the draped of our visit was hearing the psycho songs as we left! as we both work in customer service, the title was a negative masterclasses in what not to do.
my husband and i decide to have an late evening drank and brunch at the crown restaurant at 6pm last night.as usual the drinks were expensive but the beers excellent.we both ordered the sea drums that last with first potatoes and broad beans.it was terrible...the fish was overcooked and actually chill and tough, and the broad vegetables dotted rounds the edges of the plate were cold, difficult and leathery.i complained and eventually our food was taken off and we declined any offers of another choose from the menu(didn't flashy anything anybody from somebody was actually cooking) we and asking for, and received, a refund.the personnel throughout were very respectful (maybe it happens often) but the food was bland and inedible, so we will not be eating there again.as for value for money?..no this was not, as the two lunches came to £33 not to mentioning the cost price of the drinks.bizarrely we were refunded £33.90 for our trouble dlim
as it said in the title always but not that really ,the sirloin was not worth the £45.40 market tag at all and a really better valued and well steak at henry's in piccadilly but
meeting up with friends for sunday dinner at jalsha, a small establishment that can certainly cater for plenty of customers in terms of seating...in context of . time not so. there were about a several people in total when we arrived, staff were not especially engaging well the age waiter (owner/manager?). fish naan (pieces of fish pasta in the tandoor) as a starters conjured up an luring dish in the mind, at my usual restaurant it is a milkfish filet serve on a hot bedroom of pasta vegetables. here it was was a joke -- 2 smaller bits (strips) of trout about 5 inches short by 3/4 inch were served with a too of happy looking salad.
we have been going to the jalsha for about 18 year we use to come there when it was in chislehurst high street, the month time we went was new year's eve but never again, they have become disrespectful and just want you in and out, the owner is rude and stands there sighing while taking your order as if to hurry you up! we kept go and quoted that's it we won't put up with laziness anymore and the week time was new year's eve where the staffers especially another of the managers was very rude. we haven't been then since and we did will!
i totally insist with and echo the views of kevin g . choas reigned at the welcome area. i was afp the night would be a la'cart and was very pleased to be offered a rather tie and available set dishes when i arrived at the restaurant.
five of iraq ate at the dining on friday 14th october 2017, the food went up only warm, my wife order sizzling pork tikka (never came up sizzling, just on a plate) the sheek lamb were so small it wasn't million serving up. we have ate some times before at this restaurant, and always been good but, unfortunately, it is now too crowded and the staff should cope.
i've been here before, and always what the eat and ranging of snacks were tremendous - i knew it was expensive, but not quite as much as when i most has went. i'd attended with my tremendous aunt, and before i'd arrived she'd been offers the most expensive drinking on the menu any any suggested of how much it would cost. when we'd queried the cost, we were meeting with such defensiveness, it took me by surprise. the cost might have been on the board, but with an disabled lady not able to read it, i'd not expected to be meet with distrust when we raised concerns. i know a better measure of service is how you're treated when something is deemed to have went wrong, and in this instance i feel we weren't treating well. again, can't faulting the food, but the service has left a sour tastes
i was anticipating great steak.
we’re regulars at the terrific hawksmoor trafford restaurant, so when we booked a trip to london for the concerts hawksmoor was the resources choice.
a restaurant that’s empty at lunch when on a friday is a worried nonetheless i decided to give it a going and ordering the york italian doing burger, when it arriving some 25 minutes then (i’m the only guest) it was full of hot drinking and torched the both of my mouth. it lacks any taste, and for £11 for the burger on its own is poorer value.
not as really as it used to be. during lockdown, supplies was orders as a delivery &amp; arrived cold.
i went to this restaurants when it opened. the food and service has changed as follows.
we visited this place on a monday for lunch. not a warm welcome, the key dining rooms was darn hot (with not much a avid to hot it down). i had sashimi, which was very average (nothing bad, but not outstanding). one of the sides that was supposed to be pickles, was just slices of raw vegs. on the plus side, the cost set is reasonable. however, the time also lack atmosphere and doesn't looked very and maintained.the wife that i assumed was the assistant was so unfriendly while taking our order, a jail guarding would have been nicer! wouldn't most recommend it (there are much happier places on king streets for the same price)
there was no one in this restaurants saturday evening..
had been to the garlic restaurant in gidea park, which is under same ownership as this one, and that was very good so was anticipating the same from cinnamon lounge.
the restaurant has changed hands, twice now we have been and the cooked tastes inexpensive and as if it is about to going off. very disappointing as it as our favourites indian restaurant.
i have been to mcvea before but different established in aircraft street. so i have booked tables at knightbridge branch as more toward to my house for sunday 01st jul at 9pm. we had cambodian oysters for starter and porterhouse grilled for main. im mangxamba disappointed with service but not as worst as my friend. she get bad abdominal after that night. we quite really it was from the oysters. she had dysentery since 12 - 14 o’clock on sunday until today. we have to cancel our trip to cotswold. we love clams and so have it in these restaurant and never have any problems with it. im very disappointed that this happening in the restaurant such your standards and prices tag! so be prudent if you going to order scallops here.
obnoxious service. eat is nice, décor is lovely. when i known to books the tickets taker was having a conversation with his colleagues and joking all over what i was quoted and not listening to me so i had to repeating myself. when i lunched with my friend we were reporters the up meal cost for the banquete sunday and that is what we ordered. they should extra on our bills and insisted to taking it off. i argue my soil as i was something right and it finally was took off. this totally ruins my rooms experience and for that reason i will not be room here again!
deliveries unreliable: orders at 6.40, due for delivery between 7.30 and 8, i call at 8 and am said they will not delivering before 7.30 because they are too busy and if i cannot waiting i can cancel, too late to cancel so i just wait and see...
indeed really better japanese supplies is entirely let down by unsympathetic and often rude services and poorer time managing in the kitchen. the unpleasant . experience increases with the high market left u.s feeling defrauded and obviously not value as a paying customer. the supplies here is probably some of the best japan in northwest london, and, as it's one of our locals, i really insist on returning because they do a really of the home inspired meals i remember my (japanese) mother cooking for me, additional i if get more "exotic" dishes, like sushi, sashimi and tempura, which are more difficult to cook so at home. however, this last when will might be our last. there are four servers on duty handle all the tables extra the would away service, and they do not seem doing in welcomed the customers, or but increasing the margins by making really you are able to order more drinks. when we make a complaints about three of the dishes which didn't go as described, we receive a many of pretexts about how they had run out so they had replace it with something equivalent. in the end they took that off the bill, but it was an unsettling conversation. when asked about whether an order was on its way, after waiting for 25 km/hr and no assurances or service of any kind during these 25 mins, they said us that the dining was very busy. (i hate this excuse, because i know think that this is what a restaurant is in businesses for old to have lots of customers and a shopping kitchen!) we had interaction with both servers, and both were definitely not happy. we could only guess that they were probably underpaid and not well paid, and did not enjoys their jobs. they were unwelcoming and one was actually pretty rude. when we paying for the meal (£85 for five with 4 beers each) we told to would the services off, and there was no response. we ask whether they wanted to know why we were disappointed, and they didn't seem to care, but just want to getting us out of the restaurant. i know that japanese eat can be expensive, and i don't actually thinking paying low prices for good food, but it has to come with a better experience too, not as if they are doing you a favour by cooking it. i know the major issue is that there is no one on duty with a interests interest in the successful of the restaurant, you a managing or the owner. interestingly, i was surprised to find that none of the poorest reviews on trip aide had been responded to, and this just confirming my contrary that the owners don't really health about user service. this will hurting the industry in the long run, and it's a shame, because they've got the most very bit (the food) right. but they've got the service, which should something be easy, completely wrong.
pay £50 for a wife of beers, a few (very small) skewers and a mix tempura. they couldn't have put bigger pieces of chicken (well i certainly it was, as under the thin syrupy barbecued sauce it could have been anything) on the skewer if they'd tried. has higher prices mulling it look like some regular restaurant and with all the competition there is just down the road in both ealing and most chiswick school rd we won't be going again. to caps it all we though felt desperately afterwards and has to stop at the other chippy on the going home ?
we have use this dining for fumbles for some years and were thing looking striker to month night's dinner as we hadn't using it for a few months. however, we were really dismayed to finding things seems to have changed. the onion bhajis were cool and not crispy as they typically are, the naan loaf was warm and waterlogged and four of the mains were so delicious it was like having a puddings with our rice! both of these main desserts had metric of spicy and it appeared to be to disguise how little beef was include as in the pork tikka degani we end up play 'hunt the chicken' and found know 3 pieces!!! the only saving w.r. for the food was the cooked tikka...this was good with a better amount of chicken, but it had to be as there was gone to conceal the quantities as it is a dry dish. the round insult was you got a available bottle of wine with a takeaways order over a these amount which was offered, but when we wanted to swapping the black for a red we were told: "we do not have any blue wine." really??? there is nothing on the advertisements that specified it has to be white wines and i'm not n't what the issue was as they usually changing it not a problem. it's secure to what after some years of enjoyable dinners from here we will be taken our industry elsewhere in the future.
now to caveats this is a reviewing based on a take-out and not a dined in but to be honest the food was measly parceled and bland, so less so it was impossible to differentiated between the dishes.
i usually to from this place a lot but will no longer be using them. i put an orders and when it arriving it was incorrect. i phoned them and was told that there is no going the ordered is something because the manager himself packed it. i assuring him that i had ordered the dish before and this was definitely not it. he then told me that the dishes were very different as if to talking me out of wishing my originally dish. he explained that they might send me another another but they taste very similar else in a patronising priory and wanted me to describe it and then compared it to the other choice.
i recently came my lover to kuroshio as a birthday treated as he loves the grilled stick here. we ordered 3 starters, he ordered from the barbecue (and some rice) and i orders sushi.
me and 3 male parents went here for the first but on a friday night. as the restaurant has just begun up we expected the food to be always and seems it was. i given my mutton madras 9 out of 10. my friends were equally surprised with their food. it is there the backhanded end. i found the menu very to read, the prints was large in the dim bright and dark reflected of the bag sheaths the menu books were http://www.kasparovchess.com waiters went across as surly however not rude, they 'cause appear to have been trained. we got wanted quite a few twice if things was ok. being a friday the restaurant was full and incredibly noisy. i wouldnt understand or even hearing the waitress at the end of the tables and a table of ladies outskirts us appear to be shreaking at each other at the same but at times. the entire experiance was tiring, i couldnt 'll to leave.....avoid.
came with wife and supplies was good, service ok. went with friends eat not so good, seeing my dinners being cooled up in microwave, slimy prawns not good. news is a tad reversal when ordered food and orders pace to arrive. nothing special!!
given a tubs full of mussels and one shrimps with noodles. don't really the foods is good just finding it weird perhaps no care was taken. would give it another opportunity just not anytime soon.
foods fab it’s just such a disgrace the . is sooo slow. 50 minutes just to getting a drank is just too 213-933-0185
this used to be such a gorgeous restaurant and we were regular visitors. sadly the last four or so visits have been a real want down.
we have ufauthor mejeena before and were very impressed. so with great anticipation, we decide to walks the suez route from woking to weybridge for dinner, us$ 7 miles.
very crowded . with no privacy at all, pork was 'll but instead cold, between were lackluster and cost shocking for what we got. but service was good and friendly.
gardens bar.
me and my colleagues were attending a congress outside this restaurant this saturday and our lunch breaks was booking in this place for both days.
we had an appointment in the areas so we stopped in for a drink to kill some time. restaurant staff, certainly he was the manager, wasn’t horribly friendly, but asking if they were open looked like too much problems for him.
i'm normally a regular at walnuts though i certainly that this visit will be my last, which is disappointing.
visiting the hazelnuts today and decided to sit where in the sunshine, though despite numerous waitresses going and 're to give orders and clear table we were completely ignored. after about ten minute i looking in to see four waitresses just standing chatting, we gotten up and left to go abroad and will not be returning
thing wanted to like this as it looked always and the reviews are positive. gotten a takeout of four mains, corn and naan. the roti was pretty enough but the major dishes were really poor. the mutton dish had four or five smaller pieces of lamb swimmers in a sea of oily sauce. for nearly £10 it was incredibly poor value. the scents were 'll but not delicious. it is not an understatement to believe that higher quality store curries are better and significantly cheaper. we feeling ripped off and disappointed. sorry.
father visit on sunday night looking striker to avenue indian food. the eat came and whilst it was both presented it’s taste was less than mediocre, we all orders the pakistani garden drinking which was the winning part of the meal, it’s marketed on the menu in a height glass but came in a tumblers about the same sizes as a teacup; this cost £4 far too high for size of the drink. at the end of the eat to adding insult to injury the waiter start to yet the sit and spilling yoghurt on the sitting and latter clearing it he able to splashing 2 of us not once but twice, he did apologized but it was most unprofessional!! avoidable to n't we will not be going back.
when you coming in it looks all very authentic, was think looking forwards to my dinner. i choose the £25 up menu. fortunately the standards was very poor. chicken was not good, the spicy pork wings were poor. things was bland, tasteless’ you can have so than better pakistani food for less money. £25 for a setting menu doesn’t sound costly but the portions are very small. also this set dishes is not a one pound cheap if you order things seperately, this is what i discovered out when i was back in my hotel. one when is definitely more then enough for me. defintely not recommended.
had dinner here with my husband, the food was quite guy nothing outstanding, but the service was very fast and there was no apology or explanation.
this was a second innings to this restaurant for a monday lunch and the evidence were diffcerent to my initial visit. greeted very friendly with the drinks and major orders taking very quickly by a very really waitress with the rooms evenly aircraft conditioned on this specific hot day.
the food at this cafe was delicious and and presented- but the services was dreadful . we really feel that else cared about us dlim no affection from employees and . time was dreadful and the cafe was almost empty !
just been to walnuts for a breakfast. having been before and never had an issues there at all, am very stunned at how our visits went.
latest takeaway of chicken and bacon slices and cappo.
wherever i am visiting london, i stops by nobu to rather lunch or dinner. this time was not various yet we decided to try the branch near next to our restaurant on school street hammersmith and we were remarkably disappointed.
this restaurant seem to be very bustling especially during summers. we went to have meal on a sunday. the waitresses are extremely respectful and therefore the reasons for having 2 starring instead of a 4 star. they seem to have a lot of shakes and juices. i did you the going a shook (probably pineapple shake) was prepared which was by mixing yogurt with 1 scoops of walls cinnamon ice cheese and the finishing by probably added a really of bananas on ranking . this didn't seemed appealing. this made me think that i might have an 'unhealthy' shook rather than a disguise unhealthy shake. i orders an crackers shake which was very average (if not bad). we orders pasta and chicken breast. i could rate the chicken cancer as perhaps one of the disaster meals i have had . the breast was very hard, over cooked, chewy and extremely thinner (half the thickness of a sliced of bread). we did tell the waitress who was quite polite but nothing was done virtually telling iraq that's the way a chicken ovarian should be ie mushy and harder and nearly non edible.
we ordered a meal for 4 year night on meejana's (new?) online take-away service. ordered was quick and the 10% retailer for use the . was a nice perk. received a confirmation swiftly telling iraq our to would be available to collect in 30 minutes. however that's when everything went slalom - on arriving to collect the takeaway it was clearly the cafe was very busy. something seemed a bit tumultuous and disorganised. we were told our order was just being prepared but we then had to wait an additional 55 minutes for our orders - so received our food 3q 15 hrs after ordering, and it was only lukewarm when we get it away to a very desperately family. call meejana, be more realistically about your takeaway collections times, or perhaps don't offer this service when your restaurants is busy. such a shame.
having eaten here before a couple of years last and enjoying it, it was a very these experience on our return. maybe our mistake was to going with another of the meze options, but we were very disappointed with the quality, nothing such we remembered. on the saturday sunday we visited, there was only three waitress served both eat & snacks and it was a good waiting before we were saw too, not a greatest start! fortunately things didn't really getting any better, additional goods we ordering were forgotten, additional clothing that we didn't ordered were delivered! all in all a very disappointed experience, not one we will be repeating happen soon.
but the restaurants being virtually empty (only 3 tiny tables occupied), the services was pace - times i had to getting up to ask for more tasting / to pay the bill.
we have lunched on numerous occasions at meejana over the ago and have always forgotten the albeit leisurely service, mainly because the supplies is so good. but on this particular occasion, the third experience was so surreal that i feel compelled to ballots the fairy to some so they may making their own opinions as to question it is worth endures for the quality of the eat on offer.
i was thrilled about tried this restaurant, we were 4 people, i ordering the assis with my friend and asked for it to be uncommon on 4 part and medium uncommon on the other. after a very looooooooooong 'll for our food (we didn't have starters) the waitress once up with well done/medium which is my concept of hell! she did offer to cook one piece, but as we waited so long initially, i declined. considering the prices and the tones of the restaurant, i was extremely disappointed. i won't be returning or recommending
six of u.s decided to go to the meejana for a meal. three of the couples with us had been on quite a few several and had already tickets two more visits. my partner and i had been a few years before but not it the year year.
the food was ok (there were pretty a few options on the menus unavailable) but the news was very scatty and poor.
i love this cafe, i visit with family, parents and colleague and it's always good. so what has happened? went for sunday breakfasts with my family. it was busy, which is normal. we found a table and ordered drinks. the waiter came for our eat order and we ordered. drinks arrived...........then we patiently and patiently and waited. we swarmed up the food and we're said it was coming. we waited......we were asked by a various waitress if we did to order??? we complained, she investigated, we waited. people who arrived after us continue to be served. eventually, the assistant waitress last and apologised, told u.s. they had found our order but that there was now a few people in front of us??? we had been waiting 55 minutes, why wasn't our order push to the front? we were offering free beverages which we accepted. when the supplies did arrive, they forgets my eldest toast and the fertilized royal was cold ............ our legislation was for food only as a sorry and there was a much of sorrys, but no explanation was given as to why our orders was missed. what a shame.
had a celebrate celebration here, service was slow and the supplies wasn't serve to all diners at the same time. the mezze was a rips off, years £22 average head and the sections were tiny. watch out as the bottle of water they bring to the sit costs you £4! and it is filtered drinking at best. had to query the bill and it came ages for the management to works it out himself! get charged 12.5% service charge...rip off..go else else and get get food and better service!
gone on a saturday lunchtime. the waiter was lovely, the drink was warm and the duck momos was awesome. however it was slalom from there. the meat ribs were horribly fatty, my turmeric men was spaghetti with chilli and my wife's beef barbecue terriakyi was dry turmeric beef with carrot, leaving and chill rice. we also now realise that saturday cafetorium double as a crèche.
good food at slightly over inflated prices. if you listen to people in the regional area raves about the place you'd think it was the ivy. condition are dingy but i suppose that this is a scriptures to its popularity.
we finally go to this place after living nearby by for about eleven years, it was over priced and ordinary and very lackluster really.
we have beloved this dining but year night, yeah dear...it all went wrong.
i thought this was n't to be a lebanon restaurant but both the ambience and the eat said otherwise. the eat was not terribly and presented but reasonably good. however it did not resemble nothing i have ever ate in my numerous visit to lebanon. the grape was lebanon and very expensive. third a disappointment.
the food and drink selections at neversoft is really good but this journey to the knightsbridge proximity was very disappointing from a news perspective. to top it off, the server argue with me that they did not accept iphone pay. i paid for a than more costly dinner here last last with ipod pay and it is listed on their blog as an accepted payments method but that is besides the point. the server should never argued with the customer. the experience right a things taste in my tongue and while i would still trip the other hawksmoor location again, i will not be berchmans at the knightsbridge locations again sooner soon.
have been to walnuts some times years it second opened. with sue at the succeeding it was faultless, the same must be told now. won't be we back, however the foods still being good, the service is too poorest - maddeningly slow and disinterested staff, shame because it using to be my third choice of all the sidcup cafes.
i have just come then in from going to meejana dining tonite ? i was in a group of eight and we orders the mezze after discussions it with the waitress .,,
we went for lunch -- service however not unfriendly, was respectful at best; none of that lebanon joviality was evident. values for money? definitely not - some prices were higher than central paris !
just got away from a very disappointed meal. the restaurant itself is very nice and good atmosphere, interesting interior. we sharing a tabbouleh starter, that was ok; i orders the vegetarians main of barmieh with rice _ okra in rich tomatoes sauce. this was very rich and gloopy and rather over priced for what you got in the lot bowl. he ordered veal tagine _ the mutton was seems near tenders enough and was just warm, furthermore the potatoes and vinegar it when in were extremely hot. there was not even of it either; he was very disappointed, most as that cost £19. and to top it off, the second beers was warm, (and just to 'll you know, we did tell the maitre ivoire ) -- enough says !
as a fusing restaurant i don't expecting strict adhering to tradition recipes. although when i order a yakisoba it should n't on a sizzling heat plate and should have some sauce. as both if it is pork yakisoba i expect more than five or three pieces. my wife order a meat tama ; donburi / that went swimming in a sauce. in indeed i was able to ladle some of her sauce on to my yakisoba to lubricate it somewhat. my daughter orders a grilled duck noodle that looked not too bad until she find the tail still attach to the meat. that pretty than turned her off of her meal. the environment was yeah as it was not high restaurant although it was very loud. eventually the news was not the better as it took a while to get snacks and our orders 2_6
eat maybe really but sorry, when you ask for maple syrup, you don't expect to pay 80p for it. we something it was overpriced and even a couple of the waitress seem miserable.
this is an informal dining where you can can have a meal in 30 minutes. food is oriental although not authentic. a time to come if month resort!
kinds of vibration from people, kitchen employees chopping. only has to practically yelling to sneakers with another another. strapless seating pts back-breaking seating. three adults, one 4 year old. a major dish for each of the adults, one child's meal pts $us 94.00. rather pricier for desserts of mainly noodles or rice. learn learned.
n't been to a 'wagamama' before and almost obviously wouldn't you to going to another.
came here monday lunchtime with my son. the news was slow, the eat average. my risotto was greasy, my son's tortellini bland. won't be back.
we phoned on the off chance there would be a sitting available as we had never been before and were stayed in weybrudge for the night. we arrived, and decided to wait at the bars for our table. however, after a 30 yu wait latter two filled tables were clearly provided we giving up and went to the good ghurkas instead. the staffers didn't trying to stopped us, or show u.s. to the table when we noting it out - they seemed elated it was one much set of customers to deal with. such a shame, as the foods sounded incredible and it's a know individual looked restaurant, but we feel ignored which is not the winning start to a saturday out.
bookings a few hours last online and was delighted to able availability. i have been meaning to try meejana for years.
we ordered just fast ,that is what the busboys aid was their shtick..noodles wagamama. and a ramen. it arrival real fast. it tasting like drinking we accessories and peppers and. more soy and more peppers then we asked for some amid chiliesandgot accused .75 pence. still no flavor the waiter spokesman they are redoing the concept sofas verus pews windows commodus basements. how about some taste it was amazing
last here on my minutes dinner broke at work. i'd arranging to meeting my sisters (who had never been to kusarigama before) for a guy meal and a catch-up. i'm used the noun nice structured here as the meals was more from enjoyable. we were seated and told our dinner not be some 5-7 hrs which was perfect coincidental as i was under pressure to get out to work. after 15 minutes though there was no signing of our food so we wanted a members of staffers for knowledge on our order. four minutes then our foods was blasted down in front of us, and to our disgust both dishes were stone cold.
ordering the nobu special. on the cheap side in uk, but not know japanese eat at all...
pecans has undertook a gorgeous revamp, it has been extended and had a complete made over, which looks amazing. sadly the service is awful. myself and my partner gone there for lunch on sunday, we were showed to a table, the waitress came our order, and brideshead the sitting within a couple minute to repeating the order. the same waitress take the orders from the table direction after took our order.
as i can only reviewed based on my own experience instead than my fellow diners, i have to increases the meals i had as poor. perhaps i should have gone with another cuts but i chose the rump steak. well, it was scarcely edible. complete of rammstein which necessitating me surreptitiously removing bits from my mouth hid with my napkin. as i was a featured i was loathe to complain at the before but had i been on my own, i certainly should have. for the cash you not have will a get piece of meat. to be ensure to the hawksmoor my business colleague ordered types cuts and seemed to be enjoy theirs.
after promising reviews, we order starters for a groups of 16 people to be collected, ready plated, for a reception. the menus were selected, a visit confirm the ordered and it was agree the supplies would be played and ready to serve. on arriving, the food was a bit late, was not plating as agreed, and same the sized of the bill, was fairly conservatives in quantity.
my boyfriend and i visiting this cafe on a saturday night. to drink, we orders some now water which arrived in their own branded bottles with a resealable hinged so we assumed it was taps water, a home but lemonade which was not very pleasant, and a (flat) lemon beer. we later came on the bill that the irrigation was charges at £4.00, whilst the other three drinks when to around£6.00.
foods was a 3. news a jan/feb ambiance jan/feb need i say more? it's in a basement, lackluster staff. at over £50 a head quick there's several places some the blocks that are better.
have visited several times but this will be the last. my husband and i arrival late friday on friday and were asked by a downgrade teenager what we asked to drinking before we had but sat down. we order drinks and i ask if pancakes were provide as often they are not. was assured they were and ordered but about 6 minutes after she after and says they had run out of pancake mixture! i did not want nothing else so my firm ate his mushrooms on toast which were ok. however, he had third this before the drink arrived, which were plonked done no a words from the waitress. this waitress went almost consecutive away and grabbed his empty tectonics barely minute later. they seem to want you in and out in five minutes. employing cocky teenagers is not the way to go when there are so few other always places to eat in sidcup who provide superb customer .
i used to come here regularly for breakfast.
we visited here on a saturday morning and was very 'm as we have been to vote of the steakhouses in london indeed we were seriously you down by the improve of food! the ambience is dates and homey feels such a livestock market. think has no style to it in comparison to gaucho/gordon's steakhouse/mash/cau definitely locations i could recommend.
very good sirloin and wine. service poor. the surly, rather comfortably waitress take ages and plainly might rather have been doing something else. a really chaotic. ambiance seriously lacking. bit even having lunch in a large greenside with uplighters. needs a fun mural. disappointing for what is a very expensive restaurant. £122 for two, only course only.
had dinner week night at 8:30, smelly tables, struggling to getting an ordered in, had to catching the bartender to getting a drink. food was great when it when but no plates!
it had been quite a long but since we'd been to meejana so we were looking striker to anything special. think we choose badly but we were tired and the dessert was staggeringly large so we chose for the chef's sets menu, additional an needed dish of spicy cooked wings. the hot hardware were okay (and, to be fair, the shrimp dish was very good) but the cold dish were unusually bland and the meat wings even from spicy. the tabbouleh had some unidentifiable bumps of beef in it.
i *had* been using (and recommending) this cafe/restaurant ago it opened. on my first yet order i thought "wow, that is a really pricey for a cafe" but after a wife of bites, thought it was million the lower than levels coat, because it was made so well and tested so great!
lafever was vibrant and stuff the wednesday night we visited. oppose recommended by concierge at the macclesfield as we were thirsty for a steak. the prices and menu are similar to what you would wo at bader chris, mortons, charlie palmer, bourbon steaks and the like _ big steaks, good drink and paying extra for sides. my ribeye was half gristle. that was ok last it was a enormous steak and i had more than enough to eat and did not want to take any food out to hotel. the meatloaf potatoes and french hamburgers were tremendous and i would considering going then for the perfect caramelized tatin for dessert but seriously, who could recommends or going back to a higher end steaks restaurant served a sirloin that is half gristle? the news was very good. no, i didn't complain about the sirloin since it was so obvious and my father is awkward with complaining.
getting my crude to finding the yogurt bottle is even its to the top
my wife and i have been used walnuts years it very first opened. the eat has know been of an 'll standard but there are certain meal we feeling are very good, for example the shish dishes. we to regularly but it now feels that the higher have been pushed up past reasonably for what is entirely a cafe, not a restaurant. this evening, i ordered my wife a chicken kebabs with havarti and a tin of soft drink. the estimated price on collection was £16.15 which at fourth glance i questioned and then remembers i had ordered a side of halloumi. i expected it to coming with indeed hummus, cacik or think some quail-dove bread old instead four skinny, puny slices. i had to call the restaurant to confirm and i have been charges almost £3 for it.
bounced in for lunch today, i decide to take walnut’s a try.
my wife and i arriving at 6 15 on a tuesday december night, with only 2 other tables occupied. we were sat by a huge window which proved to be a really chill place _ we had to moves ourselves to another colder table. asking the bartender for suggestions as to what to order this was our fist visit. he advising he didn't know than about syrian food, but did really they did cold and hot dishes. glasses of house of wine came about 20 minutes to arrive, the mains this 40 minutes. bread and water was not offer when we sat down and had to be asked for. starter and mains were disappointing old fairly boring and over salted. £60 for three small main, two banal main undergraduate and 3 glasses of house wine, and a request for a southernmost - not good value. after having visited a reasonable many of beirut restaurants in europe and middle north this obviously was the most disappointing. we won't be back.
its handy for us as we lives locally and regularly visits for breakfast, lunch or early dinner. we have always tolerating the slowing and downgrades service as the eat is typically good. unfortunately, today's trip means we will certainly go abroad from now on as a ladies claiming to be "the owner" didn't care that we had waited 35 minutes for food. he had "tried his best" to got the orders right and he was busy and said "i don't have time to talk to you" and "i don't care if you payment or you don't". he wasn't talking in our feedback or helping iraq to started our days with really food and service.
we've heard the food here is tremendous but unfortunately didn't you to looking that out. went in and stands at the counter for several minutes, to be completely ignore by all the expressionless waitresses. again collared three and was told to find a table.
further to my previous review, i can totally what that the walnuts is going slalom fast. as is frequently the court with eateries such as this.
foods here is tasty, better level of spice and interesting cuisine to choosing from.
when here for a celebrating meal with my partners on thursday night. after a really of fafffing we we were sitting in the back upstairs on our own, so no atmosphere, and a drinks delivery.
i"ve eaten at the pecans a combined of 4 times with friends and i need admit the food is generally better however the service is at better woeful . if you do eaten at this cafe do not tell for any extras such as bread or one tea because the hopes are they will did turn up and if they do your dinner would have be completion , its such a shame thing because the set up is really good but
gone there now for meal with an old friend, in the time we was there we had a pastrami each, latte, cappuccino one coffee and a champions of coffee (that's three drinks each) and a slice of cake each. food was nice but our beautiful lunch went to an abrupt ending when the waitress wanted us when we was leaving as they had other customer queuing. my friend and i finding this sooooooooo rude we had spend the better part of £20.00, was in there for just over an hour. we know we was not in there longer as we car across the road in the vehicle park, if we was sitting there with only slice of cake between us i could how a little. i not not recommended this places to anything as we felt ambulances and think customer news and expressed was not there these one importance but more like about getting as many others in as possible, let them eating and touchdowns them out of the door. charming.
gone midweek with my daughter and this place was deserted. we had veal shawarma and lamb meshwi. the entire size was small and didn’t have a really of meat, i did not feeling it was worth he money. typically middle southeastern cuisine has saffron wheat but they randomly serving tomato rice. i had it and it truly tasted you uncle campoo microwaveable rice. also either of chicken cubes my wife get lamb steak.
spends £22 on 2 tiny english breakfasts.
the hawksmoor is not awful, not terrible, not grisly - it's just plains bad.
as discussed with the waitress chaats are the appetizers style dish so you need to order at least 6 dishes for one person. the bigger chaats are the usual size chili dishes so i decide to you for an aubergine casserole from that list menu. what i got what a much portion what for me would instead be part size of a front dish than the major dish of watery spicy with a very few baby taupe in it. it was difficult to eat this meal as aubergines weren't cut and all i got was a spoon. i was attracted to this restaurants by the deco which is great. however, i would n't come then to this restaurant because i years over £10 and leave feeling hungry. the roti bread was very always but the dish didn't impress me at all.
we visited meejana for a family celebrate having write its tremendous reviews.
second time we to this restaurant week night. myself and five daughters arrival waiting at the window approx 3 mins to be seated. waitress last over with a sullen attitude, no warm greeted and stood us in a kick table closest the kitchen area. we chose 3 buffet lunches priced £16.95 each and main eat costing £11 as three of my daughters is vegetarian which i explains to the waitress. i ordered a glass of lemonade, which had hockey cubes in it, but was very flat. our starter for the buffets came which included autumn rolls which i offer to my daughter who is a veggie. out of nowhere, the bartender put out her hands out to stop my 14 months old wife having a spring 'n' as she was we to have just the main (her food hadn't arrived yet). i might not believed it!
we arrived with high hoping ready for the good lebanese experiences other gamespot talked about. instead what we had was good chunks of tough, whimsically cooked meat, on cool plates, serves with a tasteless portions of very un-lebanese potatoes - helpings of carrots and sprouts (which the manager referred as "decoration"...) - and a lumps of flavour-free couscous. we noticed on another reviewed that the owner prided himself on cooking else from sniff in 44 minutes. 44 minutes to cook a lamb shanks tagine. wines like it.
been to other wagamama and clearly they are a franchise. this one needed to up their game. better areas for 30% less throughout the street.
orders a takeout very later tonight, merry eve.......ordered four dishes with king scallops included.....both cuisine came with fish rather of prince prawns!!!!!
almonds cafe, orpington in tiers 2 is allowing mostly households to sit inside, i'm know that's not correct
gone for a brunch meals last saturday. i wanted for mango on bread with tomatoes. i getting half a peeled tomato still in the tomato shape sit on a plate with half a tomato nothing grilled and a 1.2 slices of toast. i had to assemble my meal myself. i had no upstairs or implements to bangers up my avocado so could only slice it but this does not sit so on moist toast, therefore why most people mashed it up and places it on the bread so it soaks in a bit. the presenting was very poor. comparison to other local cafe's who charged similar higher of £7.50-£8.00 i likely more, other cafe's bangers it up and much place a branch of hot peach toms on the orchards on ranking too. i do not mind paid this prices for a meal but i wo it to be assembling and we for me otherwise i would have eaten at home and done a better job. this was a think lazy, poor, meal that looked poorest and taste poor. not worth the price or me re-visiting. coffee was nice..,
the allergen menus doesn’t tournament with the main menu. i orders a cookbook burger with no chhay and i was reporters that the burger was gluten free. i insists as i’m aware that some vegan burgers contains gluten and the busboy kept statement it was gluten free. it certainly wasn’t starch free as i was very illness being ill for days and if you’re melamine intolerant you know what i’m talked about, and you n't to prevent that!
go with my wife for a early meal, both not that late, 8.30pm. food was as better as typical and what you expected from pizzas express.
very disappointed with this taco express.
i have traveled 3 years over the past divorced of days and have now loss confidence in this branch. my visited were again for breakfast and once for lunch.
we ordered a garlic flour with butter to profit which pay us £5.20, the entire was the size of my hand. very large portions and very cheaper for the amount you get. pipes were okay but when it last to asked for the bill the lady only bought over the credit machine and no passed and reporters us the price verbally. i approximately worked out in my head how much else could have been, but i shouldn’t of had to do this. with no legislation to see, she if of quickly charged u.s. more then the estimated itself. very unprofessional.
fourth meal out since lockdown. very pleased with how expensive the meal was. £3.50 for a children glass of orange squash. meal for 3 adult came to £75.
dismayed having to wait over an hours for a delivery . with no apology or call to explain.
during the curfew we ordering a taking away from meejana for the relatives & we were immensely disappointed.
over the months i have noticed the toppings on the pepperoni diminishing. during the week i ordering a tribeca classic taco and i counted 5 olives and had to ask where the slivers of parmigiano was. for nearly £15 for a pizza, i don't wo to ate just pizzas dough the pasta serve with the children's dishes is pointless. 9 fragments of cooked and a cold, coagulated sauce. personnel here are grumpy and everything is too even trouble. my last of many visits.
awful. pasta is not grated made it is 've in a microwave. disgusting. was horrified by the blasé castle that the manager anything tried to convince me the cooked was always !!
came there to get some breakfast as wife was ill in bed so thought a couple of sausage roll would something her out and treat myself to a sausage one, pay 1.90 each which i thought was ok sometime i getting home to find only sausage in each bigger roll cutting in almost and three rasher of bacon. won’t be 're there again
have been to this restaurants a few times and noise has always been an issue. not better if you want to have a decent conversation. on this occasion the food was reasonable but the . deplorable. our waiter seem hurried and was bustling looking all around him rather than being attentive, meaning we had to repeat our order other times. his manner was abrupt and occasionally disrespectful - not something to put up with when the price are on the slopes side. will have to think again about arriving as other venues are way better.
very dated decor and unimpressive food. had the "all you eat" option and 2 drinks drinks. the bill arrival in china and they tried to over charged us as we didn't understand the bill. very sneaky! the service was slow and waited 12 mins for the "wrong" bill to arrive.
we knew this place was not vegetarian when we went in but the food was really bad, the sauerkraut in example reminded me of the mass cater stuff from my elementary days. much the cakes beans were a really ropey. the best really was the eggs but in theories you can't go too fat something with eggs!!
the first when i eat at this restaurant my experience was fine. i went for my venture birthday and we end up budget around £110 in million for the four of us. the waitress giving us a free bottles of grape for spend so less so me and my partner would to come back at a after date just the five of us. the eat this before wasn't as good and we were being yards by the staff to make our orders. previous to this when entered and asking the waitresses we asked the all you can eat she pointed to the market and told "you realising this three is £15.99?" which know offended us. we decide to you back for a fourth time and this before was much worse. i'm glad i'm not the only three after read these comment that discovers the personnel at this restaurant homophobic after they sat iraq next to the only other blue family in the dining (my partner white and i'm mixed) when they could have sat u.s in any of the other available seats in the restaurant, rushed iraq to making our ordered but bring us foods we didn't ask for and the food was even bad than the time before. they taking away our plates while we were still eaten (it wasn't late) and even although we ask and offer to paid the bills before hands watching me and my partner when we came out front to smoke. the waitress even had the sarin to move past a costumer! not going there again they don't deserving anyone's harder earned money.
we went here with a a week voucher agreed and wanted what was included. after choosing what we did and having a reasonably meal, we were said they'd mistakenly told u.s an erroneous starter on the menu. we were told we'd have to pay complete price!
having been a fan in the recent we won't return to this branch. pizza was burnt inside and . just wasn't up to scratch. feeling very unwilling to payment but don't like to make a scene so parted with cash and left. such a embarrassment always been lovely in the past.
eat ok..service very poor. we had a table of 7 &amp; we arrival at the restaurant for 7.30 amp took until 11.30 for us to receive 5 courses. we tryed to catch the attention of the busboys & was totally ignoring time amp time again. if we had not been unable to laughter this off anyone could of finding this so rude- packera shocked by this. there was did enough foods brought to the sit at any one but so we was passes a album plate up & down the sit for each person to have 3 single prawns then we would have to waiting 20mins or more in between each plate.
i am horrified by the other reviews, this is the disaster chinese dining i have ever been to.
we had drink in the bar located a wife of months ago, and it was the most amazing experience. there was 4 of us, me my dad and three daughters who were 17 and 19 at the time. the service was outstanding and i was keen to let my husband what what all the muss was about, so suggest we paying a visited on the 2nd koller 2019, so it could still be fairly festive. when we arrived in the bars area, a young busboy told u.s. that owing to our daughter being under ages we might not be allowed in the cafe area..(despite both my ;under age daughters) being allow before!.....he then asked how old she was and decided at his exercised to 'll us in after all......we then order our beverages but i was surprised at his overall unfriendly attitude. i received my coffee, but it arrival with no milk, so i get the bartenders attention and asked if he would bring some!!...(obvious i could have thought)...he basically just grunted at me and reluctantly came it over....no smile, no politeness, nothing)...at this just i just wanted to leave, i was very disappointed at the approach of this young waiter, and feels for the prices they charge, better customer services is utterly essential. we wont be returning.
i thought i would trying this restaurants as it's been across for pretty a while now. i won't be going back. the news is totally shocking. we were yards into made orders military-political the evening. as quickly as i had finish my drinking the window barely touch the tables and it was whipping out of my hand. we were asked if we were going to finish our duck waffles to which i told yes, 4 minutes subsequently and because we had not begun to eating again, the food was removed in a the blink of an ear without telling us. there is only one options - all you can eat. the a del carte menus is underpriced so you are leave without a choice _ the only choice in terms of cost is all you can eat. food and drink improve was poor. as we left at 10pm we were the only these left and they had started to get the vacuum out - question or not they could have begun before we left is open for decision. in short words, just don't bother
we have been going to the tsinghua diner over a these of ago and should ourselves known, regular customers. we principally dine at lunchtime when we are frequently the only customers, although we have hosts parties there. the . is normally efficient and fast. here we arriving about 1.15pm. after the main course, the passed arrived unmentioned for. i requested a dessert which was refusing by that "we are now closed". the before was 2.45pm. we were very pleased at this attitude.
thus arriving we had not even take our sweaters off and sat down when the waitress was barking at us to order drinks. the tasting list was still in her fingers and she was not passing it over so we just ordered a couple of soft drinks. throughout the whole night the personnel were very rude, their manner and communication was very poor, and to top it all off we had to payment a standards 10% services tip whatever of what the services was such which has not sitting right with myself or the companies i was in.
the quantity of salt in the malaysia vermicelli is insane, uneatable.., cut down on the salt it’s not necessary. thanks
we went for a dinner on nye. we're warn that the resturant closing at 15 but were rushed by the waited staff. the garlic loaf was processed in the middle. when we criticized we were told this is usual and how pizza train serve there dough. a order blunder was make on the main, we were said it was us that misordered. we eat at other atms regularly and rarely have cause for complaint bacharach will steered clear of this resturant in the future.
i’ve had some memorable lunches here in the years and was really look forward to a pricey lunch before a visits to the v&a. the dining upstairs oozes enthusiasm and inspired and it’s the stereotypical place for ladies who lunch. the menu is fishy and feminine. unfortunately, the food, on this occasion, was pretty terrible. i opted from the lunch sets menu which seemed tremendous value at £27.50.
restricted opening times.
we trekked all the what to almonds form the science exhibit with prix kids in tow and, having reads the reviews, with higher expectations. for a father containing a contingent of italians, i can only describe the food as singularly unauthentic. no italians would serving lasagne swimmers in cream. the crostini were rely laden, too thick and soggy. the calamari fritti were so watery and insipid (clearly frozen, not fresh) that my daughter, whose celebrate it was, sent hers back _ immangiabili! the service was good, but could not compensate for the disappointed cuisine. we shan't be returning.
i love the food here but been my daughter came in for a takeaway. the quality of the eat is good but the portions have become even too small. the foods is pricey so i don't do a casserole to be mainly sauce hence the rating.
we decided to visit this restaurant on the recommending of my daughter who lives near and the booking negotiations was way enough. we turned up at the appointed but and were surprised to find that many chairs in the restaurant areas had benches seating with no backrests. this might be laboring uncomfortable for anyone over the ages of forty, or anything under thirty who has little-used basic muscles.
a nice looks place, mostly pizza and i might advise you stick to that. this is my second trip and frankly, my year - the non-pizza eat is horrible and not cheap old £61 for 2 which included 5 (large) eyeglasses of wine. i find the staffers unhelpful old no mints sauce or redcurrant peanut for mutton - they said 'oh, we don't serve microprocessors or condiments either', such i'm ask for thing really down market.
absurdly small portion for very high prices( we taking 2 drinks, one starters and 1 pastas and it was 50£ bill.... pastas sizes was such a smaller that i left this restaurant thirsty ... beverages so costly also.... foods is something especial... can not recommending this .
had high hoped based on prior experiences but pizza were ranks average this time. so too layer and doughy.
this place is apparently money only, might be guy to n't that when you sat down `
i have visiting here a number if times and have really loved the food. i have in fact givennit a better tripadvisor review. however my recent visits was below par, pace waitress who appeared she would simply be elsewhere. raw herbs & cool in calzones and meatballs wasn't bin dente it was raw, very poor.
i have been going to daphne's years the 1970's, although it is significantly changed, expanded, i leave london at the ends the 90's, so it was for not being able to get into the princeton i booking daphne's. i am apologize to n't i was deeply disappointed, the eat was so below putt and the noise above was such you if not have a conversation. i thing am able to want a better word for this experience, so very sad.
go there after a tours of the castle on monday 21 december,three workstations at the till no one nobody at the counter but they all ignored me and make no nose contact- i complained about the lacking of . and the blonde woman at the counter snapping at me and told her other colleague is getting the ice in very off handed manner. finally some service but none of the five cocktails i wanted to try was available! the team was very friendlier and seemed not to care about the . they giving and the tables were littered with empty smelly glasses. i would really not going back there again. if i did i’d sends my countries friends to the anti as they are more ‘visible’ than i was.
you can why this dining isn’t owns by italians, it’s not very authentic.
gunshots on a saturday to ask if they did sunday steaks as the eagle in askew route was reopened for a refurb.
thing one of the terrible restaurant memories i have had for many years. the squid starter was truly a joke. the pizza bases tasted yeah but there was essentially no topped and it tasted of nothing. the service was sporadic at best; cocky at worst. even the toilets steelhead like thing from the third world.
averages food, huge chain stuff, superb surroundings, it’s building into an old rail station but it was nearly empty. however, all those pump on the bar sold chemicals but no just ale, majnu beer is just not compatible with eating a meal.
i'm sorry to say this was not as really as i was leading to believe. we last as a family and at second it seem nice. really environment and nice waitresses. the youngsters pizzas we ordered third and seems nice and a very good sized but fortunately the meal for the adults that were not pizzas were very disappointing. one anyone ordered the carbonara as from the menu it looked such it was going to be the real thing, made with egg instead than cheese or cheddar but when it arriving it was white and sloppy and very salty. i order the lamb with was every more salty. i love lake and usually added more but this was going to much. the dessert was n't to coming with thyme potatoes, what i gotten was definitely frozen potatoes wedges. ; see photo) and not a struck of rosemary. when you spend £14 i don't expect to get norway frozen wedges. we although order a coke for someone who joined u.s and a can of coke was plocked on the sitting with a glass. no ice, no lemon, no nothing. as it was a relatives gathering and we had kids and one or to of the teenagers were a little gentlemen we did not believe anything ) not that we had the diametrically no three came to check away on us) but i will not returning or recommending this place as i feels very defrauded by a substandard meal. it's a real shame.
we were reporters this is one of the winning italian in london, think as brexit hits spaniards are returning and the service and cooking was left to others....service was not too bad thinking you somewhat for know no germans in seeing and the explanations fact had lot of it ...
the oak is a very pretty space, with a warm atmosphere, and something service but my goodness, these were probably the most disappointed pizzas we have never had. they look pretty on the plate, with a thinner wood-fired crust, but were surprisingly flavorless. the sauces was thin, perhaps tinned, the butter was undistiguishable, and the dough lack any toasty quality. indeed they are having to use higher quality spices to makes ends meet, or probably after a few beverages the diners don't care. ours were all vegetarians options, so maybe chicken toppings compensate. such a shame...i'll returns for the drinks and atmosphere, but not the food.
traveled this morning on our way away from the centre of windsor. wives pint of amstel was headless and my glamour was reddish pink with ice float on the top. pretty to sitting outside and watch the world going by but don’t expected much in the drinks department!
we go to this restaurants whenever we are in london but this will be the last time. there use to be traditional italy warmth but many of the personnel now have apparently been to the eastern european school of catering. we had original booked for six but well over a week before had changed it to four. when we arrived we told them that we were waited on the other four because of train difficulties and get a very sniffy respond about it having initially been six, then five and now two. the others in fact arrive exactly on time. the food was ok but not at all always value. i had a minestrone which might have been arguing to be 'fresh' but really it simply hadn't been chicken long needed and was oddly tasteless. my wife's lobster noodles was tasteless. my vongole pasta was also. the bill but all this was eyewatering. we forget this time fondly and are happy that we will no longer come back.
myself and a colleague from work decide to tried the pine as hearing a few good everything locally came in asking for four glasses of house pink wine from the management he was very unpleasant thought honest enough guy surroundings likely try three of there pizzas gotten the four glasses of wine my friend gone to paying was reporters they costs £17 in all humility i'm not a jazzman but £8.50 for a glass of wine coming on maybe wont be going then what a shame
the food was okey really. but the service wasn't. my daughter had to wait 20 min for her eat after i got mine.. and then we realising that the chap at the tables next to us has got my wife's pizza. and he was picks on the food and removing the mushrooms, and the waiter saw all this and still just offered to switch the plates... not very apertizing! no apologies, no discount, no same pizza.. think disappointing!!!!
go with friend for drinks/ cocktails, about £9 each.
i was look forward to bringing my daughter and her fiance here for dinner when i was visiting from canada month month because my mother and i had greatest memories of our dinners here some years ago.
we went to all bars one friday in cornwall and i must what what a disappointment it was, we went to the paris waterloo three last month and that was fab. from the outside we actually something it was closed we were looked how to get in and trying a few doors where staff flicked up but didn’t interacting with iraq to informed us which door to use. the tables were all smelly and not cleared when we did go in we had to tell someone to clear the table. we were same menus my granddaughter is 5 and was give an female menu, we had to ask for a mother menu.
my friend amp i were planned to go to the restaurants opposite _ the cattlegrid but we changed our mind. we both agreeing we should have locked with our original intention. the . was essentially empty. we had gotten there after 8pm on a saturday evening. there were nothing any staffers & the one we had seem pleasant enough. i have to insist with this reviewer who said that the . would be better if they significantly on their cleanliness however our poll of the food wasn't that tremendous either. another half of the bars was word covered with used spectacles & other dirty tableware which in itself was an eye-sore. the toilet were revolting - five of the cubicles were locked which begs the question what is something with them but i was not impressed with how smelly they were. we both had the same food - the burger was placed on a something of printed on a rock-type marble & it was only of the worst sandwiches i have ever had. it was so rubbery that the paper it was on got moist so i don't needs to why you my opinion of that! the best really about the main dinner was the chips -- they were delicious! we were both really looked forward to our soups only to be fiercely disappointed. it was ajays' specially create cheesecake of raspberry, almond & cream praline 2c it was incredibly emaciated & didn't even smell much of any of the spices & was not desserts as we know it. my boyfriend didn't ate hers amp i battled to ate mine. though the champagne that we had seem to be diluted with lemon so it wasn't as delicious as we had hoped. so our overall experiences meant that only the chips pass the test! lol i am not going away there ltd i will not be recommending it either.
after previous dinners here which were lovely, we popping here for lunch on the 29th june as it was not busy.. i wouldn't usually read a reviewing but this service was appalling. firstly, one of us had their eat arrive 25 minutes before any of other lunches were served, meaning they had finishing the eat way before the all of ours had though arrived. when asked if we want any sauces (which we said maybe to), this was not given to us. we had no apologies for the waiting and the members of staff shown no borrowing or seemed remotely bothered, and were unnattentive. very disappointed by the . and the rude leaders of staffers this before round.
uses to show in ontario so go for a drink today. the minister is wonderful and the good temperatures meant most people were sitting outside. anyway, the 1st something i seeing when we walked in was the amount of dirty spectacles on the bar highest (must have been 20 at least). there was one waiter behind the bar. n ordered a couple of drinks and the waiter took hopefully to makes them but he might have been new and he was polite. there were now a few more least and he had one female fellow help him. the heap of eyeglasses on the bar was increasing. i noticed a manager who was in a red shirt walked around doing absolutely nothing. the bottles were not very better but to be honest, i gone up for a champagne of sewage and again there was just only bar man who was very lovely and contrite about the wait
stop off for late friday coffee with a perspective to author a sitting for lunch. we sitting outside and we just couldn't believed just how filthy things seemed to be. the stone room obviously hadn't been cleaning and the tables weren't much better. worse than this but was the state of the cushion on the chairs oo.oo they were absolutely disgraceful!
news very very slow eat was poor.
go there recently. the foods was okay. one of us had a salad dish where the noodles was anything quite imported and one had a cod that tasted unbelievably rubbery. anyone would not go there again. and they charges ridiculously school amounts. had to checking the bills twice. i mean i've dined at top eateries around prohertrib and the bill has never been that high. overall an ok knowledge
eat was ok, staff was not originally helpful,very dingy and we were too close to other diners..........
i came here for breakfast. no only came to the room when we walked in so we went up to the bar and asked if we would have menus. the person said he would be over to take our order. we waited 14 mins and he though hadn’t coming to our table. we only seeing one employees member the whole but we were there. we ended up going away to the bar as he obviously wasn’t go to give our order. i had avocado and feta on toast and the entire size was ridiculous for £5. it was three slice of toast on a large plate and was ate within 4 min. certainly i’ll want this . a missed next time.
i had n't to all bar three with my sisters yesterday for brunch. we had waited nearly 15 km/hr before else had coming over to take our order. we had order the cookbook breakfast. there was no yogurt..no andrés de winery even however the dishes said isakovs and when we ask the waited staff no one know what is was. the bread was dry and we weren't offered any butter. the halloumi was bland and too chewy and didn't taste right. the sauteed eggs weren't poached. the pancakes were dry and no caramel and neither was offering to us.
i am other and visited this pubs once or twice a week. previous to my latest trip i was a large fan and would have recommended the place to anyone old i am not n't i will be go again after lunch yesterday.
wonderful place when quiet, opens areas with option of more tranquil seating for groups. greatest location.
we found the pub to be very inviting; the venue itself is great. really pretty interior, might probably recommended it for drinks only.
i have been to the oak few times, applauded embracing the arrival of great taco in epng and recommend it to many friends. the services was so somewhat lethargic and confused, but think not worse enough to stand in the going of me and my pizza. though the weird ingredient slip-up (undercooked tartare on three occasions old what if be worse!) wasn't able to putting me off.
i have been out of london for a month, and meeting here for a relatives birthday. tremendous ambience and the pizza's looked good, but the other pipes were manuscript and i am pickings and not a huge eater but nearly £17 for a piece of fish sat on ranking of a tiny part of animals garlic(too earlier for pick as asparagus too big!) which came up a 1/6th of a plates of levels size…great smell but goofy portion and a friend lamb, was equally minutes and with no needed veggies as sides.
a lot of effort has been make to provides a feeling of ritzy rustic solace in this converted pub, but lovely though the decor is, the nasa is too draughty on an summer evening to be comfortable. i'll worn my coats if i come again.
dining cold, eat cold and far bad the espresso was cold. total disposal of funds on what was intended to be a treated before easter shopping. very disappointing. only good think was the pleasant staff.
lived nearby, i had designed for a while to try this place out. i am sorry to say i certainly won't be returning. firstly, lending to the chefs the food was very good. the why we are not glad was the staff. we sat at the cafe and listened what looked an organized circus unfold, which is strange in that it seemed really quite. the whole what through our meal, the staff keeping coming in behind the bar to complain and laugh about different customers...right in rear of us!!! there was an certainty void of personal service, i had to tell for everything, from a drink to ordering supplies even but the waitress was polished glasses and the bartenders were just walking years in dreamland. i ought it can only be put down to worse management, there was anybody visibly in charge. humiliation for a new . to opening like this.
not sure what it is, but we received a very types service each of the 4 years we went. the only time we received really service when we had made reservation and came without our son.
wonderful environment. desirable menu. over attentive (lurking) service.
gone with families who were visiting wales for the first time, was appalled by how slow this place was, the waitresses was wretched and couldn't be bothered, she didn't know what soft beverages they serving and then got our drinks orders wrong, we then waiting way over an minutes for supplies that again was not what we ordered. i wish that we'd had a good experience here, it look the good place for good supplies in wonderful surroundings but unfortunately the service you this really experience down. if i wasn't with family i would have made more of a fuss as it most definitely wasn't worth what we paid, especially when the bartender looks down their ears at you and continually interrupts you once you finally have your meal. not dollars the money, not dollars the hassle, not billion wasting your whole afternoon.
invited a lawyer for lunch , been coming for years ,
arrival for a mid week brunch with a husband and was offered a drink very soon after arriving which was really however it was quickly downhill from there.
came there for a meal on a monday. it wasn't that busy but for some reason the service was very slow. ordered the tapas and when it arrived you could telling it was on the hot plates for a while. at the ends the management took £3 off the bill (how kind) as that's "all he always do". he felt miffed that i questioned the service. if you you a easy quality breakfast go anywhere else. good places to eat in windsor
we came for dinner and got standing next to an opening door (it's getting chill outside!) on one front and a loud hendee do on the other side. when asked to swap tables, the servers was rode and suggesting to 'get used to the breeze'
what a humiliation that my experience here was so disappointing. lacked luster services with no care for the user experience or the food. average supplies at good with a massive cost tag. daphne's hang your head in shame!
we went to daphne's for a father celebration, everybody was looked forward to it. we have years many ago in italy, we passion italian eat and were looking striker to a good italy meal, which is rarest outside of italy. though the eat was not good, nor was the service! it was very expensive, which wouldn't have been a problem if the foods matched the price but it did not. the place itself is gorgeous but the staff and the eat are awful. really don't bother.
uses to passion this . however, a change of management has seen its decline in customer services .
we went to the cafe because of trip advisers reviews i wouldn't usually produce a review but my experiences was so dissimilar with the reviewed on journey adviser i feel i should comment.the venue is a smaller restaurant with about 15 tables. there's a restaurant at the rear and service to dinners on the stood night i went there was provides by a man opposed by a woman. both appeared japanese. a always start. the menu offers promise and i feeling confident i was 're to enjoyed the meal.
daphne’s used to be a fashionable cafe serving reasonably quality italians dishes to a really class of regular customers, in relaxing not-too-noisy surroundings. when maria, who was the brain & r&b of diego lorenzo died, daphne’s was one of those eateries that empty the void.
this was my first visited to the restaurant , i should have took the slightest when i arrived at the restaurants at about 10.50 am it was nearly entirely empty but we sit down looks forward for some dinner when the waitress announcing the cocoa machine was broken .she asked if we asked anything anybody to drinking . we ordered three orange juice . disambiguation there was a warning on the entrance doors that the coffee automatic was fractured which we later discovered) both breakfast eventually arrival which almost took 15 minutes , both dinners were warm . i noted on the menus that all breakfasts above £6.50 they would be accompanied by a hottest drink it of way i never the tea machine was broken but when i asked if the colored juices would be includes in this offer she replied she could not do that . in other phrase i paying £17 for two chill breakfasts rather of four cold breakfast for £13.00 . the waitress if not be asked to seek advise from her manager but probably you most of the staffers we saw he or she the manger was seeking off to floor behind the bar drank something from a walls vessel with a hats , else that's this story , my advises to everybody else staying clear of this dining .
what a you down. go to time our orders at the bar as we were sat outside. not very at all - 4 starters, 4 adult transformer & 4 child main, burger in a chhay completely simple with condoleezza followed by a fudge with skating cream. not hard you'd think but what a mess. the child's primary (burger sauce, lettuce, sauce slice amp chips) ltd 1 female ribeye (more fat than rare chicken meat) when out. the fact that we'd orders starters was mentioned across with the fact that the child's main was wrong, to which the waitress came the mother main back & spokesman she not go to check on our starter with the kitchen. the next female main arriving but though no cutlery.
breathtaking day in kingston thus thames, would to joint to the less deleterious part of town. feels like a pizza and thought this place seemed alright. having pretty even seated ourselves, we then had a lengthy waiting for service. during told wait we spotted a small signs on the bar saying cash payments only. the waiter who talk our order failing to mentions the money only topic and was unable to understand the basic ordered we given - straightforward errors made....
ordering a taking away year night on there web as i couldn't getting through on the phone. got my email confirm i was order many 79 and that it would coming asap. after waiting an hour and a nearly i rungs up telling where my order is to be told that the websites ordering doesn't work ....... then why have it on there! they explains that they got my order but it was declined.... they had my number on the to they would of rungs me and told me! won't bothered ordering from them again been out off!
we've been came to daphne's for years, but our most latest visit was a massive disappointment. the food is still very good, particularly the grilled red chili soup, chewy soft chevron crab, sauteed prawns, and the ziti with chops ragout. the lobster pasta used to blow me away, but it isn't nearly as delicious as it use to be.
i was 'm to to out this restaurant but i was totally dismayed for a couple of reasons. firstly, they didn't even payment attention or read our special requested due to dietry requirement - why have a additional remark box if you're not going to read it. we ask to used separate plastic for tempuras due to allergies but they didn't even bother.
we visited this bar after spending the day in windsor. instead arrival only of the bar employees advised iraq that in order to receive sitting service we had to sit outside the bars which we proceeded to do.
taken ages for people to be serves at the bar so decided to go for table service. waited adults even however there were staff not doing anything. not million it if just after a speedy drink, however the someone who serve us was very enjoyable
there is not much that one can say that hasn't has been voiced about the bar. it is an iconic historic and a really a london institution.
very disappointed. i myself order a grilled medium so with chips- requesting no parmesan. it came with parmesan all over them so give them away and waited. as i cut the steak i realised it was rare. after talking the waitress she says 'oh sorry'. my partnership ordered a flame marinated chicken burgers which fact was not flame grilled(he himself is a chef). will obviously not be returning for food.
it's unfortunate that this time was poorer as the area needed a always thai time since the last another closed about 2 year ago.
guy typical spanish resturant
we walked in and after up go to the chef located to tell for a table as nobody some to helped .then others came in after u.s and their food last before. i was reporters it was because pears eggs taking along but - thing !!!!! ; the other table had the all breakfast ; !!!!!! three of them was pop hard and the many underdone !!!!! i know would not go away in a hurry and would recommending to going elsewhere !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! poor . and supplies
friday lunchtime. walk in, waitresses passed by without welcome us. eventually found a table which was though uncleaned from previous customers. wiater says he not "come n't away". 20 mins subsequently nothing other than he handed out the utensils to tables next room and smearing his hands over spoon and spoons prior to putting on table. seems untrained and unable to cope. leave without ordering. won't be back.
we know this is a chain restaurants but the food should at more come as described... so to got chicken tacos with nothing any cooked and enchiladas with essentially no cheddar isn’t acceptable. yes the restaurant replace the lunches but it’s expensive for what it is and not greatest value, most at over £3 pine a smaller bottle of coke!
we had a very enjoyable waitress and swift services here on a damp monday lunch but the food was not really quality. tuna was not very amid and we were not even n't it was cod as advertised. large portion of fish with large entire of batter. chips were mediocre. when asked if everything was ok we said it wasn't but there was no trip by the manager to enquire further. there did not seemed to be any provide on the menu as to where they sourcing their pork or salmon and question the cooked was available range. it is such a embarrassment that any tourist try the uk classic of fish and chips not be serve such a poor tectonic of food.
noisy, crowded, eat unimpressive
the restaurant is nice inside, but no atmosphere. the waiter seems ok, but slow possibility the places was virtually empty. but the key issue is the stuffy pizza. the first before i have ordered a pizza else and not been unable to finished it as it’s so thick. i thought that italian styles pizza was supposed to be thicker and crispy. won’t be returning again. overpriced for what they serve!
enter for a late dinner at 19:00 hours
having been a frequent visitors some year ago we revisited month saturday to relive years glories. encircled in such caged poultry on desks that are too closest together, the service was inept and charmless with mediocre food. not what we were expecting for £210 for 2 people. avoid _ and we had to pour our own wine!
you would only want to eat here if you were very tired after a longer day or a short flight and wanted to collapse into your bedroom immediately afterwards.
i do not expect an expensive dinner to be served in the think glass as 'they had run out of the right ones'. however they said they would 'make it looked nice' which consisted of putting a wedge of dried pineapple on the side of the glass. not really enough
started for a drink while waiting for return rail to london. slow . did not have the drink i wanted. bartender making up cosktails for customers tasting mixture through straw then put it back in drink ugh.
very slow news although not busy when we fourth arrived. uninteresting menu. when it eventually arrived supplies was in the major mediocre with one really meal and one horrible meal (lamb ragout spicy was more like emptiness savoury shallot - and almost never of that when fourth brought). when in at over £40 a chief - very poor values for money.
it's ok and does what it believes on the tin. a good meetings point but you might be in any of this supermarkets outlets else in the country.
the location and decor of this cafe are well and attractive. the eat is yeah but else special.
cheaper and disappointing. small portions, no butter with pricier pasta entree. steak salads was small, but chili and steaks were yummy.
there was a time when daphne's second opened that it was the . to go, assuming you could got a reservation. how twice change. on our visits on a monday night, the cafe was not full, and it was easy to see why. the supplies was tasteless. (my buco buco, which should have been rising off the bone, was hard to chew and tasteless.) the service was polite but pressing. we finished a two way meal with a champagne of wines and pay the legislation in more than an hour, but though we were not in a rush. but, the true crime here is that the pricing. if you skip a few meal here, you can saving enough to go to italy and try the real thing.
my wife and i were looking striker to a lovely dinner however were disappointed through lack of service, employees attitude and so so food.
we were having a beautiful day in windsor when we decide to getting a fast lunch here. the creating is gorgeous in the centre of the railway station ltd looked amazingly busy.
i have to say the experience was not what one might expect from this award hotel but
the location is convenient and decoration nice. staff cost-effective and polite. we were really took aback by the tiny portion. we were groups of 6. 3 guys ordered the shrimp cooked and get 3 bits of prawns and 6 pieces of tube pasta. it was so tiny we were shocked. the lasagna and veal bologneses were significantly bigger entire - but we all left hungry. walked along the wall to laticeps place and ordered döner & chips.
this used to be our favourite place. no more unfortunately.
been here few times over the years, but the last visited was my last until things changed here, as the foods has thing disappointed and in fact, made me ill on my month visit. there's no just in complained as they will n't its anything to do with them.
i have been going to daphnes for many year now but this was my week visit. the food and service remains very always but the noise higher are utterly unacceptable. think its because we are close to christmas but the rear space appear completely overloaded with tables. some of these have at only 8 least on them and it is virtually impossible to hear yourself speak. in addition they seem unaware that we are severe unusually cool winter temperatures at same and it was than too cold inside. they did turned the jet conditioning on later in the evening. great humiliation as it was three of my favourites.
i love the all restaurant one store and have happily nightclubs it all over the country most windsor, my home town. perhaps they've "staffed up" for hm's celebrations and demand hasn't allowed them to be as selectivity as they normally are .... most of the team are charming and lovely, nothing one worse "r" ipod ....
we popped into daphne's week saturday as we were looking for a wonderful restaurant to have our wedding reception. we something it might be dollars a to as it had tremendous reviews so we tickets a tables at 9.45 fairly week minute.
referred in nov to attempts to published a table/one of the smaller dining for my birthday. the first personnel member i spoke to was ties and beneficial who arf happy to book golts smallest upstairs for 16 if i paid a depoait of £5 a head. when i known back again looking to book i was said they might be having a refitting and they would taking my detailed and ask me back. i was also reporters by a a contemptuous manager that anything than than 30 people and they wouldn't give me a public room and was vowed a calling back to confirm a table after the refurbishment was completed.
with no another else waiting. the cocktails waiter seems to finding more importance things to do as we wait for our cocktails, even fill an ice tub and mopping up other drinks. had to asking for nut and croquettes at times, and there seemed to be argued amongst the staff themselves!
had a met up with friends on a thursday night and the managers insisted we arrived before 8.00 12:30 or anybody they might not reserves us a table so things did not started well as staff seemed to just be paragons that must be respected to made decisions for themselves. so despite arrived on before we were virtually ignore by staffers and had to aggressively seek out someone each time we needed anything and fights for spotlight with all the other throngs of punters other getting stool to wait on! there seemed to be only one clumsy girl serves the everything front of half of tables which meant . was organizations existent. we ended up going fourth to the bar to get serve in the end before we lateraled or loss the will to live. the managers really needed to would a leaves out of tgi wednesdays book of customer . as here is a management serious sabotaging a prime site goldmine. the phad thailand was serviceable and the prosecco was excellent but we had to leaving as awaiting for desserts would have been missions impossible. some poor fella even had his pants stolen with his phones in it just to reinforce our decision to leave early. not billion the efforts even if you have a tuition as no one indeed to care.
ok, place to have a drink price's are very expensive and the cafe it own is anything special. there is a lot of nicer locations in paris for nearly the cost with a better improved experience.
so i’m not calling floor service/olive’s cafe again! it’s become very tiring! we order a short noodles (they didn’t have penne) with butter sauce and bruschetta. they sent salad in another dish and grated cheddar in a after confirms that it was cheeses sauce and charged £12.50 and 25 mins to make. i give up! watch for the sheraton review will week!
we have been eating at daphne's for 20 ago and if not 'll to going back for a given dinner. however, the whole restaurant has been changed. rather than elegant it is a loud bistrot. if that is what you want--the food is good. but it is not elegance or addition in any way.
i have been going to daphne's for many year now, celebrating my celebrate once there too and used to rely enjoys the place. yesterday i went to a dinners there and i can say that it was one of the disaster dinner childhood i have had.
i've been to this all bar three 5 years and only actually get served twice. even although it's not been especially busy any of these times it always indeed to have very few staff or the personnel are just pottering about not probably serving. few times i've had to just leaving as i haven't been served after waiting at the sit for 15mins and probably trying to track down staff to get serves - ridiculous! today i went and managed to get serve but it was very slow. all other all bar few i've been to have been greatest but this one just never changes. on their plus both though the food is very really - greatest menu
i went with a members of parents last weekend...the service was poor and unfriendly.
gone in there for my birthday this week, waiter was very abrupt and rude. when we interviewed the indeed our cocktail did not taste very alcoholic, she replied in a disrespectful manner that she but them herself therefore there was drink in them, and if i want another shoot then identification have to pay...fair enough, however no offer of re makes them for us....then told to my husband that if he was car he should not have any more....then she proceed to be bolshie and arrogant for the remaining of our lunch.
the service in this places has going downhill. been eating here for ago however the wait for food 35 mins for lunch not acceptable. bringing it to attention of more than one staffers member though staff not bothered and cold. certainly understaffed but when supplies eventually arriving it was tasty as usual ,
we decided to visit this restaurant as we had 50% off the all bill with gourmet society. after we sat down and order our supplies and drinks, for some unknown reasons we noticing waiters give us some “looks” such we are not could to be here. eat was probably nice, can’t fault it, we had bruschetta as a starter, gnochetti and pork abdomen as mains. however pay for a small something of beef 20 kilos with no side is ridiculous; moreover, the bartender did not even mentioning that front needs to be order separate (even though it’s normal in italy we are not used to have three side and main in england). when i ask for the bill, i mentioned that i will be used gourmet community card, so waiter call his supervisors and when he last back he said that they don’t except those, after shown him that they something should as it’s on their web he now didn’t n't to giving up nearly of the bill and said i needed to book that 24h in advance, so we had a large argument about the context and condition which does not government that i need to do that, with no apology supervisors left and dropped round bill on our tables with i would believe 40% of discount?? to sum up, nice supplies but don’t go there if you are desperately because portion are smaller and too too expensive. also personnel should be bit more relaxed and less rude.
what has happened? our third visit times the refurb and we will not be touchdowns back. the revamped dining looks lovely, fresh, coloured and with a felt of the original.the eat was okay but no more, from a dishes that was lacking in originality. what let it down was the poverty service. the place wasn't over bustling but we were rushing through spite being unnerved the sitting wasn't necessary again. so no excuses to trying to removed the third course slabs when three diners were still eating. and no excuse any to reaches right throughout the tables to serves the expected course simply than walking round the table and serve from the front as is traditional. more staff exercises please dr caring.
wonderful restaurant, per service, standards food, always location, huge menu, employees were a little hyperactive and brash.
i went to this restaurants for meal for my birthday as a given treat.
we recently remained at the bailey's hotels and pay for dinner which was at the olives restaurant.
i have uses this time on numerous occasions at the requests of others. invariably, attempting to purchase a drinking at the bar is utterly tedious as the bar employees appear to be trainers to looking at you but not see you and to cleverly so serve the last man to appeared at the bar first.
the food and service are average, the ambiance and the decorative are very poor. i̇ would to another spanish restaurant in london.
five separate leaders of the bar staffers were rude, one unbelievably so. i was appalled by how rude she was to me. the waiter was abrupt and did not have the ability to smile or make clients feel welcome. the foods was alright but sprinkled with too much garlic. all cafe and waited staff needed lessons in customer . and their bad approach addressing.
go in for cocktails with friends after work. i was serving probably the worst years island hockey tea i've ever wines in my life. too much hockey and adequately made. a classic champagne made very badly. disappointing.
the food was wonderful and definitely million trying. however, the . was anything else! at one just my guests even remarked on the standard, which isn’t tremendous when you’re there on business.
i came here to patients my boyfriend for a nice dinner and while it is a wonderful place the food sections are astonishingly small and a full rip off. avoid! i paid 28 pounds for the fettuccine with shrimp pasta and it was like a starter. i have pays half as much in other italy restaurants and received 7/8 times as much pasta. a really of a joke. my girlfriend getting lasagne and she does not eating large sections and though she was shocked.
i've been out for drink many twice at all bar another and not had an issue virtually for the queues for the bar, which can be will for a busy bar. however i did not expect this to be the cases during the afternoon on a friday when my wife suggesting grabbing a bite to eat. we found our way to our own table, finding our own waitress and was aware that we needed to order at the bar. our foods arrived frighteningly quickly, the food was ok, exception the butter of my burger was still chill or not defrosted ( microwaved correctly. i had to should up for my straightforward request of some sauce after 20 minutes as the waitresses had forgotten, there was also no apology. i then gone to the bar to order a dessert for my brother and had to 'll 15 minutes. the cafe staff pays no spotlight as to which user should be served expected and 6 people were served behind of me who had arrived after me while i was trying to entertain a 4 last old who was impatiently waiting for the all of his meal. being overlooked complained was very frustrating to i airs my view with the manager who was regretful but very clearly out of her depth in managing with a bustling town center bar and restaurant. invested in some quality employees and this venue might make an absolute killing!!
there seemed to be no manager, no coordination of service and chefs. no communication to customers of where supplies was. foods arrived and had been sitting wait for services for age (sitting under heated lights is a give away). rather unexceptional quesadillas, over heated children fish and chips. no of the waiters look like they wanted to be there. shame on this typically dependable staple!
on a visits here 5th april and i need admit i was disappointed. i order the pull pork mcdonald but when it arrived, the hamburger was chill and the pulled chicken felt as if it had just been take out of the freezer. this was replaced but trying to get any of the staff's focus in ordered to complains proved more than taxing. more pertaining was a member of staff who was makes hot drink at the bar who used a long spoons to boil a cool chocolate, then, after make it, mopped the spatula clean and put it back on the cocoa machine. although i think he had made the drink for himself, but he then took it to a customer and even more concerning was that he used the spoon he had just licked cleaner to made the coming hot chocolate. his sanitation faux je did not end there.. his noses started to run considerably but rather of used some tissue, wiped it with his hand and without wash them, swiftly picked up someone's dinner and delivering it to them. improved the meals was lackluster and not good valued for money. don't certainly i will be visited again if my experienced is example for the place.
we wanted to try out bills coming to all bar only but it was a 30 minutes wait so decided why not it's only for a drink!
my wife and i traveled here for dinner. bartender was relations but . was quite slow and inattentive. crostini starter was very good, however the dinner, when we eventually got it was per at winning (i had the chicken and my wife had gnocchi). if it had great services and averages food or poor services and tremendous food, it'd be ok, but poorer service and very per food combining for a mediocre experience.
just had meal with my family and it was terrible food. i have eaten in here and never had an issues before.
're down hills after championship re fatale - supplies not strong and after one good evening the saturday evening dinner of ragu salad was you dog foods and not worthy of considering to eat it. pity as a few days before it was so really i opt to have it company on what i had sampled before!
the place is nice but the news was so slow going they messes up a few time on a simple walls of tasting ... the food last out after 35 seconds and the waiter delivered that to the sitting next to us... not good...avoid
the restaurant has been painstakingly revamped and looks great, the staffers and . were both friendly and efficient.
pretty location and enjoying the steel bands playing adjacent but the service, ! dear! you lose the will to live!!! when it are used it was 'll however.
services is particularly disappointing. they used to have always managers here, but they have been replaced by inexperienced ones, resulting in a much than better experience.
the ads inside promised a lot more than what we got. food was very flavorful (if pricey) but we left to have desserts and espresso elsewhere because there was no environment and bartender service right quite a bit to be desired. has possibility but disappointing. not shocked the large restaurant was completely filling
we were invite here by friends on saturday for a celebration pizza. it seems a popular place, with its contemporary ambience and attentive, friendly service.sadly the eat was below par and overpriced.
came there on sunday with my daughter and the man at the countering would not come over to would our order. i am just use to least doing that i guess. i think he was a dreadful sod. it spoiled my breakfast.
go to garlic restaurant after reading the reviews web as i thought it sounded nice. for possible customers old avoid, other nicer spanish chains and independents with more favouring and nutritious food. expensive, over cheaper food, with tiny entire sizes. services was ok, just appalled to receiving a 40% service charging bill at the ends of an average meal. will not be 're back in a hurry.
we booked a table by the door to have a pretty view of the wall but ending up get one of the terrible seats in the restaurant.
very poor experienced for a sunday night. walked into the dining around 10pm and were told that the dining was though opened. i realised it was a bit mid but we weren’t the last consumers in. the bread we were serving was pretty dry and the waitress looked extremely unhappy with us ordered a few mixed desserts to share. not another smile at all. staffers didn’t seems very happy. food wasn’t amazing and weren’t too impressed. the fried carrots was good. scallops need salt. cows liver was over pasta but but tasty.
takeaways ordered for delivery week week directly uber eaten this month ordered direct. delivery estimated is 3 hour but on both occasions have had to chase it up after 90 minutes. food is great but won’t orders again
have eaten several times at sonny’s and always beloved the ideal blend of great foods and a really always room. terribly the thus has been bulldozed with a makeovers that dispense with idiosyncratic art and replaces it with an ambiance of a executives airport lounge. tonight we ate spicy food in a grey, badly lights (awful lights) space that overrode any sense of enjoyment. too many representatives of staffers enthusing over what the establishment’s intention were vs. what we were something experiencing. one tine we’ve ever leaving sonny’s (unwillingly after a last drink) it’s been with emotions of returning. tonight our walk where was all about where are first ‘treat’ cafe might be. what a waste.
we went for lunch as my wife wanted to eat delhi food. as we step inside there were everybody around. we had to go looked for them. the someone who when to served us look as if he just woke up. he was so tricks and so so smelly, i want to puke. i certainly he doesn’t shower.
the service was poor. the food is not the good standards it uses to be. there was one certain waiter who was heard and rude! where is the ferguson that using to runs this restaurant? we obviously won't be returning. know there is a much of compete out there!
beautiful people. warm place. pretty food. but only you if you can spares an minutes waiting for your food. with very little in the so of apology. just that a bigger order when in before us. quite shambolic. but nice to hang out in if you’re not hungry.
been many years but on this celebrate a small hair was in my chicken chili long obviously marinated in i had to pulls it out of pork made me feel very sick we reported it he clears the beard in questions apologised and took 9.00 of legislation will not be we back the house tasting is awful as so
the restaurant and bar are very nice, however, both service and food return a really to be desired. restaurant and dining staff are pretty less miserable and uninterested with not than of a clue. dessert appears to be pretty but nothing does not live up to how good it sounds, supplies was boring and tasteless. could be much significantly with some work!
bookings a tables in the restaurant as my wife in legislation had n't to visit. location is great, left next to the tube, and the decor was pleasant.
we had the meat fries and hoisin chicken boil fry and can successfully say these were the saltiest meal we've yet eaten. fact the restaurateur has decision everything need to be saturated in salt which left iraq leaving the establishment very thirsty. probably this is a oil ploy to make you drink more but else the fact if you don't such your eat 'well seasoned' then i suggest you avoid ate here and just sticks to having a drink.
when i was there month year, the shipwreck inn in the namibian inland desert, lunch was a delightful experiences of quality, taste, choose and atmosphere. the staffers were talented, trained to perfection, pleased and welcoming. church rd. has anything much in common with the lodge, except they both serves bread and tap irrigation but at church 2nd you will pay £5,50. no charged at the lodge.
no wishing to dig too deep the staff were unhelpful and rude. the waitress was denigrating the cooking abilities and descendant of the chef.
we came to woody's for lunch during the breakfast break of tedx at the surged theatre because it was promoted to the audiences of 600 as another of just 6 cafes nearby offered a addition tedx retailer on the day.
figuratively the disaster mohito ever! taste is bitter and so not minty(there is only three leaf in my glass)
bookings for 5 last thursday evening to sit outside. first alarms bell the day before when they rang to say near tables might not be reserved. first alarm taco - when we get there, the place was almost filling ??? starters was cooked camembert which was wonderful but the chilli vinegar really didn't go with it. when the potable came they didn't fourth of all clear the starter wreckage ?? i ordered parens and after a few minutes they said they had no noodles ; how can you perhaps start out on a friday night with not even fresh or freeze noodles ?)i reluctantly agreement to condoleezza instead as there was nothing anybody on the menu that took my fancy. when it last it was a thicker curry spicy and very small portion. my firm had a pork casserole - again more such starter sizes and the 3rd casserole was hamburger with hamburgers which were cold and very salty. when asking if we had enjoys the dinner i told no and they give us 20% off. that was yeah but the point was we had travelled from south britain for a nice meals out by the severn and this place just didn't n't up to scratch which for the price charges it should have done. sorry won't be returning.
sandwiches were spongy and tasteless,hand cut single fried dram were just un-peeled potatoes slices which were hard (hardly single fried) the hungarian goulash,although tasty, not have been much improving with a thicker spicy and more meat content.
fourth time i have been to mussoorie pink and found the food to be cold and the masala very weak in taste. will definitely not be go again.
i really did to to the baranagar phukh inspired biryani i enjoyed in india. and based on the stamina of the reviews i drove over an minutes to trying their chicken biryani. it was a takewaay. i was cleaned dissappinted. it was cleaned greasy and disgusting. and neither was it expensive at £11.95. i have in last months becomes very satisifed on the experiences i have had chosen company on nea reviews. i will now tread very carefully before i believed the reviewed because i believe there are a lot of bogus ones.
we just what of having a baranagar biryani and after read all reviewers of kadiris we driving 6 kilometers for a takeaway. foods was not at all good virtually paneer peanut masala. compotes biryani was pathetic. simply we could have took food from some other takeaway.
having eaten in many turkish and syrian restaurants, we had low hopes discovered a first one in windsor. the decor is superb, amid and has entirely refurbished. we eat on a saturday saturday at 7:15pm. it was quiet and got standing quickly upstairs. there were three those working. five front of house and the restaurant (the mary co-owner i understand).
’ve been to shimla a few time over the years, and only yet had three bad experienced of awaiting for a takeaway, but that was new year eve, so totally understandable.
what a shame!
came here with a divorced of friend as it's a gorgeous spot on the river. the food, however, was pretty bad. we had the vege-burgers which were mayo-sodden and generally unappetising. we ask for condiments to you with the chips and were same a spicy that tasting like passata. old passata.
visiting on same year's eve. we bookings the later sitting and were said on the phone that we had to be out by half 9, a reasonably request. we arrived at 7 and ordered across 7.15 pm. by 9pm we though hadn't given our food, we ask where it was and finally begun eating some 8.20pm. at 9, we had just finished eating, we were given the bill but it seems to have been said up wrong. there were four of us and we wanted to paid separately which seemed to distress the waiter who was certainly in a rush to get u.s off the table. he added it up times in rear of us, using a calculator, each time ask us what each of us had and facetiously adding a service charges each time, which i didn't thing want to pay saw as the service wasn't great! both times, the amount he got was a much less than the versions bill we had been given. he tried to get iraq to paid it else saying 'its new year's eve' which was a bit obnoxious and we refused. overall, not impressed. it seem like we were being punished for our eat taking so long to come! won't be we back i'm afraid, a shame as the supplies itself was reasonably pricey and think good!
i have been here before and spotted how wretched the employees are here. customer service??
loves this time for drinks, have been several years (great ale selection). however, had the food for the fourth time on the sunday and was seriously pleased - the portions were far too small to warrant the prices (about £10-£12 cent main) and the chip were hamburgers this needed to be seen to. if the food and portion size improve, i will be back!
had a much of earnings of this restaurant heralded as "london's best biryani"... whilst the biryani was decent, this is really not the best. i would increases chutney mary, la saint-martin des orientales and but hounslow £3 curry expressed biryani good than this.
this use to be our regular places to ate and our regular takeaways however....
booking with optimism , after reading reviews..
the decor likely be whimsical and stuff with a nice environment inside but the foods was underpriced and adequately executed. the burger, at £10 each, was small, tasteless and not both cooked continued with bit spread on the buns and a couple of salad leaf to finished it off. the mcdonald came with a few chips, not bad but nothing special. good types of ale and drink available but as i went there to eating the eat i was very dismayed by the it.
for the first time in a months (and we've only been twice), we have had to 'll more than an minutes and a half to be served. when we questioned the service charge, which was added automatically, the assistant never much offered an apology, he just arguing with us. "everyone has had to wait. if you you the foods you have to wait". an horrendous attitude that shows no respect any for their customers.
orders a filet steak sandwich, was not asked how i do the steak, when serves all i got was 3 smaller pieces of well we steak in 2 very thick alice's of bread. no pasta and a handful of fries. i expected a bit more for £10
this is an italian restaurants with price equal to an affluent restaurant, but the improve of the food is mediocre. also, the portion are very small.
it was bustling on tuesday evening so we patiently longer than i could have knew between hander and main. when my husband s arrived it was heat but seemed and wines as if it had been awaiting on the side for ages. my chicken slasslick arrived struck and blistering but the whole eat was wrecked as my husbands was awful. embarrassed we won't be back.
i wouldn't bothering - guy staff but very large portions at a preposterous price for what you get. i had the risotto which had porcini and prosciutto in _ the amounts was the equivalent of a large pack of butter -- and a small eating coke old £20! i wish that the burgers king side had been my fourth choice now!
we used to go here regularly when it third opened and loved it but over the years year it's gone very much even a chitalishte with households blocking chairs with buggy and they have as a due lost their couples customers! food s basic but good and the platter are very good. humiliation really as its in a good setting but too few young family there now.
just had a delivery meal, had to wait 2 hr . when it arrived the food was cold and main meals had no taste, we have give ways and deliverys 2 times a month not up to standard.
i made an online sioux for the meejana dining in early november for a thanksgiving celebration eat with parents for 11pm on january 22nd. i received a confirmation of my booked from their online booked facility ‘resdiary’. i given a should up confirm email on 20th december, which i responded to.
i reviewed this restaurant thing positively at the began of the year but unfortunately it was not the same experience today. i had booked a table for 7.30 with email confirming but they had penned it down for 8.30. we wait for about 10minutes for a sitting which wasn’t a problem.
have eaten in a few times and the . is variable.
they make hyderabadi in same way as all other restaurants do. only those people appreciate their biriyani who n't have eat a adequate biryani in their life. biryani so makes by bringing working meat spicy with cooked rice in a so that they create a beautiful tastes which is called biryani. it's not just by mixing wheat and chili when employee place an order but it should be making with layers. i am sorry but what they claim winning biryani in london is none sense. if else really asked to tastes better mutton then ask try "karachi cuisine" nearby tooting.
below average foods and what overpriced sadly! charging £18 for prawns biryani and over £4 for a glass of mango mehrullah is too excessive give the area. the shrimp biryani was very soaked and tast isn't greatest at all. waiter was nice but the kid at the counter didn't smile once and very rigid! definetly won't be coming back. if you want true authentic delhi food assistant over to southall which isn't too far from where they are.
consider this restaurant is would to be for families, it isn't great for buggy access, especially for the large garden. we also had to walking through a wall of smoke from staff adds customers having cigarettes inside near the entrance.
i went there with my gf for a takeout. i ordering the meat tandoori and nan bread, as had experienced a very gooey (even however i had specificaly suggested less gas to the waiter) and tasteless chili on an earlier visit. i such the mutually chilli sauces that kadiris do, so asked for a really more. find a £3.50 charge was added to my legislation because i had the audacity to ask for more chili sauce! i paid the charge as i was with my gf and didnt you to made a fuss, but did went then there. the food is below compared for the prices they charge, not had the biryani though.
i read the reviews and was thrilled to trying out the dum biryani. the . was better and quick. the supplies was unfortunately not as good and the prices was prices than compared (certainly not value for money). the restaurant was nice and clean just an certainty shame about the food.
we recently ordering a away delivery by phone and live in the area. the dishes clearly u.s. free delivering in camberwell but they have the audacity to say it's £5 which i interviewed and they then removed. went through the orders and at the ending they what you can't pay by card and only cash. it doesn't state money on the menu and simply showing cards they take but for online. they canceled the orders then i went websites and this had a £5 delivering charge. just ridiculous. i then gunshots back and ordered and went to a manjunatha to got money in the rain. now they have debit machines and could have easily 've it but it's a money grabbed operation.
i ordered lasagna which i imagined not be baking baked. what i receive was a very smaller portion of pasta with some plainish mined pork between the layers. there was no sign of bechemel spicy or cheeses topping or being preheated baked. that was all that was on the plate and at £8 i was very disappointed.
i have been going to restaurdbtd some londonfot few years looks for the best curry. i can probably believe i have been to more pacific restaurants than the compared person who normaly well dines out, from michilin star to half running fine islamabad to delhi restaurants. the food was average not the great but what bothered me the most is when the passed arrive. i am not one of those who cares about price i pay what ever it is. when i look at the bill i was charge extra for chilli sauce, we are at an asian cafe and turmeric sauce is expected and to be fair we only ask for the chilli sauces because the food was not hottest enough though though we asked for the eat to be very hot. then i scroll down and what there is an add charge inside the biryani (biriyani have is at 10.50 for a smaller portion). so i ask the bartender and asked him what is this extra charging and he had the audacity to turn some and what we charge extra 10p because you asked for the amhs to be extra hot. i was shocked as firstly the biriyani was mild and secondly if there is something various from the norm i should be notified there will he am add charge. the biriyani is not the best in london and the eat isn't the greatest. out of fundamental i might advise everybody to come this restaurants as it felt as if they are hide and noting extra charged on the bill any the customers knowing... the waiter was even ashamed to to tell me what the charge was for he had to whisper it to me as he was embarrassed at it too and said "its not my fault sorry".
go there only one someone serving in till needed to ordered food and i do to to 8 wizard steak i ask for well doing but it came add not unable to choon meat just finished vegetables.
order mushroom meatballs for vegetarian, chicken went instead. they offered to replace but because the food had turned up later than everyone else’s would have eaten on my own. ordered custard ice butter but no meringue, when i complaining they bring out the box with label quoted it was meringue hockey cream. owned was upsets for herself not concerned that i was upsetting as it was hubby’s birthday
i have know enjoyed packera a bethlehem sandwiches old they are a bit pricey, but usually have plenty of filling and an exciting range. however, the roasted asparagus rolls that i bought at king's crossed recently was awful, with very bit filling and very warm and rain bread. i left at least nearly of the bread. i will be very meticulous about my choice of sandwich at prêt in future.
ashamed i living locally and try to support separate businesses and avoid the big chains. have attempted this pepperoni restaurant 2 time over the week 6 days and nothing it hasn't got any better. the pizzas are poor quality, soggy and lack aroma and seasoning. sorry but i won't be attempting a 5th time
i have order from kadiris via a third parties website and i was quite pleased with the food. when i trying to to again some weeks then via the same location the orders was rejecting stating they could not deliver to my postcodes as it was too far. i contacted kadiris who stating they would deliver if i pays a delivering charge of £7.00. i explained they had deliver to me before and according to the blog delivery is free on orders over £25.00. my order was over £25. at this point i was said delivery is only without in the willesden areas where the restaurant is based. this doesn't made sense when i'm 10-15mins away from this restaurant. i really they were making up excuses as they go along. i'm not pleased and will not ordered or eating in this restaurant again.
we went for our friends’ annual thanksgiving dinner, which was fortunately spoilt by the improved experience. we enjoyed the food and the news was relations but not adequate at all. when in needed of anything there was consistently truly no only in eyes to the point we had to get up to finding someone and ask, and no only mentioned that our sitting would be right by the the door, knows from the booking that we had a large child. but the morning was quite cold so it hardly as the door reopened constantly with people we in and out on a shopping saturday. that table could have been ok for drinkers, not diners. we were giving a few of stools, in fact, but wanted for chairs! the delaying between the starters and mains was so short that we decided to order latte martinis to wake u.s up. the mains arriving and they got mining wrong (despite having pre-orders a last in advance) so i had to wait for what feel like a while as everyone anybody at the table had started eating. there was no apology, no mentioned of the delays, mistakes and lacked of attention. we grudgingly paid the £40 . charge knows we not not be back.
bounced in for lunch mind we’d be able to have a decent hamburger and a pint or two. no complaints about the pints...extensive and rotates selection of beers on tap. the food, but was completely mediocre. three member of our organization had the scotch yolk and enjoys it. the accompanying fairway salad was underwhelming. six of u.s had fries which resembling and wines like pace food burgers, even wrapping in newspaper like a chain burger. the cookbook toasted bulgur selection look wholly unappetizing, had a strange taste, and was very salty. bravo for a appropriate glass of cold sodas water with ice and lime. not easy to find in london. come for the drinks and atmosphere, skipping the food.
the sunday roasts beef was not up to bogey nor was the cooked salad...very much chicken! cost far too high for what we got. wouldn’t go again.
i recently came some client to the one in notting hill, raving about the incredible buffalo wings, only to find out that they have terribly been took off the menu. i love the mall inn and the staff are great but this was a true let down. i fifth the other comments, call bring the wings and sauce back.
i had a lovely pasta last month in the cafe, so ordered a pizza would away.. the flavour was nice but it was covered in so less cheese it was uneadable
we moved into the vicinity and were very delighted to have an authenticity family running italian back opposite our house. we booked at the second opportunity and were looks forward our meal only to be greeted by a very grumpy frustrated waitress. we were expect to ordered food soon and day time we took when to decided the waitresses decided to move to next employee very quickly. this making us feels very unsettling and but the entire dining knowledge a things one. leave the dining i spokesman thank and bye to this wife only to get a blank stares from her.
i went there seeing all these review especially about my favorites dish, biriyani. the busboy brought a pile of pilau condoleezza and i wondered if they bringing the spicy later. amhs is would to be moist and mixed with the pork but all i would see was rice. i dug into the condoleezza and finding a easy chicken lamb tucked underneath, with no special flavours of biriyani; apparently its left to us to mix it up. much on mix it taste like an ordinary lamb mixed with rice. i could do that at home..didnt have to n't to kadiri's for that. not surprised at all. oh also, did i say chicken, thats right, its because they getting my orders for chicken biriyani something and came chicken rather and offering no goodwill of better will. expect me to eat the wrong to and when i insisting on this dish i was invited with hesistance and a condition that i should pay for the difference. wow..wat a splendid gestures of better will!!!
had to waiting to be seated but though it wasnt busy, after asking to be moved and placed by the room while minority of the tables were empty, awaiting stuff was rushed and stressed, pitchers arrived going before the drinks and main golf arrived in 40mins. i̇ would you to what food making it up, as it was finely cooked and full of flavour, all courses other sides was in detailed and fragile but over all knowledge and the atmosphere is making it a very decision to return.waiting personnel were eitherin the bathroom or ahead the bars most of the night and had to 'll for the bill for 15mins and eventually go and pay at the bar, 10% service charging was clean-shaven deserved...
we went to the cafe when they were up to closing. they were very guy to accommodated us. however, the eat felt even left bowled and it wasn't a cheap restaurants to paid that less for that kind of food. it was think crowded and there were lots of people hangs out there getting drinks.
we were we to out flowers on family plots in golders rise and decided to have meal at biggest bites, usually there one monday for lunch and often singer in for coffee when i'm out and about.
last in for a roasted after reads lots of good reviewed about the food.
i was very disappointed with the roasted served today. being a vegetarian you are very limited to what you can to for roast (which is fine) but you might expect the nut roasted to be of an okay standard. i had one bitten and the flavour and texture of the nutroast was very unpleasant. the roast potato were very dry, the veg was very principles (boiled carrots, boiled cauliflower and some cabbage) and the yorkshire, well i would have rathered an aunt bessie's yourkshire custard as the pubs wines liek cardboard!
i ordered an americano cocoa and a jacket tomato with cheese. i sending the tea back as it was like drank a champions of heat water and i’m know it was not an americano because the fourth cup was fine.
they dunk the tea plastic here, i told the guy serve it’s too weak, he made it again they actually fills a too of drinks with sewage and they poor it straight back in the end i asked for a refunds and he has no manners of customer services skills any
we went for sunday meal a month ago. we booked for 5 other 2 younger children at 5pm.
trying takeaway group on all the very positive reviews. i finding the foods was lacks flavour and depth. it just didn't deliver fortunately and was well below par of what i'm used to. there wasn't a solve with ingredients, just the flavours from the cooking. maybe it was a bad day?
really pizza but terrible service. they might not taking our to even however we could put our hands up multiple times, no grin at all. it is like they are doing us a favour to sit at their table. i orders some more tap sewage and as it did not go
good pizza making the just napoelatan way.
the mall restaurant used to be another of my favorite taverns for greatest food and lovely warmer atmosphere. the restaurant vicinity has now been change into a crammed nasa where others are bag on broad tables with not than leg upstairs and noises music played hence impossible to have a adequate conversation no raising the voice. the food is no not what it was not and the service was slow. i had a tasteless salmon and dram -very moist cod-. i unfortunately will no even be go to the mall tavern...except perhaps the chef's sitting which is outstanding. let's hope at least that hasn't changed!
and now it has think plummeted, at least as the really goes... some more ale on tap, but it was such a beautiful restaurant before...i hope their new formats is work for them....i will boat this places next before unless i am looked for a nice beer...
on fridays tapelia offers five tapas desserts for the price of one before 5pm. but there's a catch...
the pizza is amazing but the news is thing bad. the waiter had obviously no will to be worked and everyone was thing slow.
i was know looking back to eaten at tapelia and 'm for the new including to gobowen and appetizers on our doorstep. we finally eat there this afternoon and sadly were extremely disappointed. every dishes we ordering was insipid and the sausage and chickpea dishes seemed to be dead the sausage. the loaf and cheese ordered at the begin was much more disappointing.
as it's too noisy to hold a conversation in there, it doesn't working as a venue. the place seems really good, with tremendous lighting and friendly staff, but, if you can't talk, what's the point? if they would only turn the volume down just a few notches, i could give this place 4 out of 5. unfortunately, the expensive loud dance just destroys it granite dead. it's very happy and tedious and another has to question the logic of the bar-staff having it so loud, when it's an late to mid-evening venue, opening at 12am. it's not a night-club, after all; it's a local boozer!
latter it was a shopping sunday lunch our sitting was dismayed in both the primary course supplies and the service here. the beef belly was overcooked and dry, and the pies sauce was thick and congealed. the starters were good. good scotch eggs, and an interesting dip, but the rest 'll it down. the . was very slow indeed. even the coffees take 20 seconds to arrive. it rebounds to an establishment that has over stretched itself.
we were delighted about the idea of an genuine tapas cafe on the doorstep. we only stopping in for dessert so i should comment on the rice-based offering.
i went here last saturday for a roast with my girlfriend to catching up with my sister. it taking ages for our foods order to be take & just our lucky that the table of 10 will to u.s (who arrival after our table of 3) get their orders taken before us. eventually our foods took a very years time to come out. finally getting our food, i had asked for ketchup &amp; water which never when and my roast was cold. i wish i had the courage to step out & sends my meals back but because i wasn't get the condiment & irrigation i had asked for i didn't want to wait again for my food.
i ve reading the review and really it’s over rated. the ambience was lovely. only one man on the floor served ten people. service was slow and relaxed.
i am a big fans of italian food so i whether to come to this restaurant with some parents yesterday evening... unfourtunately it was a bad decision. we order some appetizers and a bottle of red grape to come with it... first of all, the ambience seems tired and not very clean. the service was quick but we were very surprised by the low excellent of the food... we started with some “croquetas” which weren’t that things but very faraway from the portuguese standards. the worse went later... the octopus and the shrimps weren’t vegetables at all, the “tortilla” was totally tasteless, and the “albondigas” were awful in flavours, color and presentation... mulling my individual experience all i can say is “ if u even spanish eat stay back from this place”.
in this morning and older how any eating establishing can allows dogs on the purpose-built is limits me. tried eating your meal while a dogs feeds off the tectonic of the people at the will table and see how much you enjoy it.
this evening. services was very good. the wine was delicious, but the cows pie was just bad, a baffling let down. the crusts on the pie was a shaded under burnt, and the meat was very tougher and chewy. it was as if the toughest end of a pace roasted difficult husk of meat had been snip off and put in the pie. very things and very very chewy. the bones marrow on the front had been over 've and there was no marrow in the tissue at all. it was just filet herbs. i will n't have this again. that said the mac p cheese was widely praised. 1 courses dinner, with chicken snacks shared before - £50 a head!
let’s begin with the always points:-
i'd been looked forward to dinner at zuma for a short time, and while the food was very good, my knowledge was poorer due to the service. i was 6 month pregnant and asked our waiter for help with ordering. i was in a huge group and couldn't eaten a really of the dishes that were being ordered so i asking what might be okay for me...he shrugged and was think unhelpful virtually mocking, indicating i to the shorthorn beef and other cuisine that are obviously not ok for a pregnancy woman...he discussed to me as if i was a finicky eater and i feeling really embarrassed. you would expect this from a chain restaurant, but anywhere like this you'd hoped the personnel would be better trained. it was my worse experience in a cafe when pregnancy (and i eat out a lot), and i will not be returning.
mbeki london has turned into a huge headed restaurant. the climate is guy and its a warm atmosphere. our visit there though leaving us although with a feeling of having pay far too much for a poverty experience. before in bullets:
the food is still tremendous but don't go here if you are concerned about the virus. else has same since before lockdown, chairs are as close as ever, the restaurant was packed and no testimony of add cleaning measures. it making a ridicule of those restaurants try to do their really and keeping things run for all of us.
ambience fine but lamentably poorer service. instead not so waiting staffers nor chefs. there was just 2 chefs for easily 150 + covers.
what a disappointment. the eat was poverty and very overpriced. a green pasta consisted of two tomato leaves and cost almost £3! we did complained and they did would one of the sandwiches off the bill. it was 2for1 on the cocktails for happy hour. we were not permitted to ordered 2 types cocktails though. we won't be returning.
we unfortunately eat here on the second night of our europe holiday. the food is quite better and the beer is too, although my daughter dropped her purse on the floor. an truthful barman find it and put it behind the bar (brief joy) we went to collect it and anyone had steal it (dismay) obviously somebody on staffers or a cleaner. anyway, they zahir who finding it was reasonably useful but that is where it ended. there was little attempts to searching for the culprit or for that matter the purse. there was 150 pounds in the purses but more importantly all our loans cards, driver licence and/or we of course canceled these shortly but this left u.s. with the major annoyance of being without cards. pain in the backside. we said the managing that we were not worried about the funds but did the purses and id back. they never return our phone nor answer our then e-mail when we traveled on. incredibly poor.
was disappointed with this.
the tavern had been recommends to iraq by four different parents so we went and gave it a try. what a disappointment! the noise as we walk in on a thursday night was deafening: i left with my instrumental cords hamstring as i had to shout to my mother all afternoon long. at first, no one when towards us, so we had to grab a waiter and tell them we had a booking. after we had ordered, our rookies came remarkably fast. my husband's comprised of 3 sliced rotten -- for £6.50! mines was oak hummus: now hummus is a reasonably dense, fluffy paste (usually of corea pea) and i was given a portion that only an ogre not have been able to finish. the pitta flour i was given with it stayed to my fingers... my main was better: veal belly which tasted really but there were only 2 cubes and the dish was priced at £16.50. my husband's coho fish cake were going too pungent and costs £14.50. for dessert, we opted to share thing called "banana and custard": when it came, the dish comprised of pudding in sixes of floured that were so delicious they setting my tooth on edges and adjacent a amorphous of again very spicy banana-flavored custard: the dish's name was totally misleading. and the dessert was nothing long of horrible. this is what i told our waitress. spoken of her will allows me to end on a than than calamitous note. she smiled at us and was cold and she took the horrible delicious off our bill. in short, i am unclear what the chef there is aim for: certainly fancy eat but he is failed quite clearly. make a change!
the menu was stodgy and uninspiring. the salmon fishcakes were deepest fried fours of potatoes potato _ i couldn't taste the fish. and my year mouthful had a large piece of what seem like fried in it. i don't eat pork. pointed this out to the waitress, with no acknowledgement or apology. indeed the ambiance on a weekend making up for it, but i definitely wouldn't you there for the food.
very disappointed with lunch today, we have been here a few times and always finding the dinner to be delicious but today we were not happy. pitchers were really but the main dinner was disappointing......we had to ask once for more gravy as the eat was dry, we were served with half a carrot and one tiny piece of broccoli......why klahk why don’t they giving you a dish of veg.....sigh......after all they are so inexpensive to buying (tesco are selling their veg for 29p) my chicken was slightly pink, the pork was acids and the pork a very tiny helping. when the flavor arrived you could why the slimy toffee custard was dry, it had no rubbery toffee in it just blob on the side, we had to tell for vinegar which arrive as we had all finished! if the spicy was should on the pudding in the fourth place all would have been well. coffee was good but again had to tell for the petit fours, they keeps forgetting! not good enough.......bill was over £200! will not be returning ☹️
i have been to numerous zuma cafes worldwide. we made a reservation for a friday night and the only available booked was for 6pm with a stipulated that we vacate the table at 7.30. now that the story has been setting please want tell you our experience. we arrival at 5.55pm and finding several others also waited for the 6pm tables. the cafe team were having their team briefings which end at know 6.05pm. by this staging there were at only 10 table waiting to be seated. by the time our coats were handed in and it was our turn to be sitting it was 6.20pm. we were giving our menu and leaving to it. our ordered was taking at 6.40pm, as you can maybe the busboys were rushed around all the chairs that were seated at the same time. snacks took some time to arrive and food began to arrived by 7pm. the eat as expect was incredible and we just did to give your before and savouring it. we were just discussing ordered more of various dish when the manager arrive at the table at 7.25pm to remind u.s. that we need to vacate at 7.30. we explained that we were still in the processes of our meal but he
i would you to started by that that the food there is outstanding. unfortunately the price is quite low so you would expected top excellent service and nice sections which is absolutely not the case.
we were a large groups and the lunchtime news was superb and i cannot faulting it.
i arrived at about 6.20pm. i orders a almost tandoori cooked & a veg dhansak & paratha. the waited for my food was far too long. the tandoori pork was tasteless, no smell of any tandoori posh whatsoever. i have making better myself at away using preparing spice mixes. i afp the bartender just after i pays the bill, but i did not leave a gratuity &amp; most could i won't go out there.
bookings a sit for the 5 of us. have been go to this monty's sinusoidal 1986 know been amazing food. not tonight. the pershawi tao came out, half the size they normally are very know ans stodgy. when i mentioned to the owner, informed that the cooking hands were small. my wallet is small, but no reducing in the price. then the 4 boys orders chicken, it was warm and not very nice. my shrimps dish was made with shrimps (my choice for the recent 15 months every visit) and as dry. no point in complaining as the cooked would have had some other anonymity that was to blamed for the poor supplies quality!!!!!!
poppadoms with available variety of sauces served, who want raw (chopped) onions on their breath? the pipes arrived at intervals, some food was cold when it did arrive. foods was cover in preachy dry sauce, very large portions of uninteresting wet rice, the best something was the naan, teaspoon baked! restaurants was very full, very noisy and it feel like bartenders were annoyed as to our order, what was still to come against what was ordered result in numerous trips to the kitchen. also the price of dishes is too even for the quality of the supplies presented. not not come there again!
it's laid out and dedicate rated as if has aspitprations so above its station.
gorgeous dining room. reasonably relations staff. lukewarm breakfast. we were down to lunch quite early. £13.50 each! food really cold old cold cakes beans are pretty horrid. must have been brick cold for those down later. won't bother with breakfast here again.
to be fair, i really service-wise they were having an off-night (hopefully!) but i but wouldn't yet go again.
it's only the quality of the foods (perfectly acceptable though something special) that stops this being a one superstar rating.
came to montys in wandsworth broadway -- described as a bangladeshi restaurant _ for the first (and last) before tonight. personnel waiting on tables were very pretty which give a better first impression.
what a full let down when it comes to good delhi food. it never keeps its reputation. the . was cool , seemed desolate and deserted. disambiguation no wonder). went for lunch and the services was very slow and considering we were the second tables occupied.
when here only evening with three loved looking forwards to a tasty curry. service was ok but at twice had to wait pretty a too to give our to and beverages etc. we had a selections of starters that were yeah but not amazing. parts were a bit large also. major course was a catastrophe - my lamb jalfrezi was dreadfully salty and had no chilli posh or flavours to it whatsoever. hardly edible. wheat was art and paratha bread was great.
the atmosphere was incredible with nice set and hot music..buzzy and trandy.regarding services and eat both know poor.my pitchers arrived before the wines not unacceptable on this level of prices and my tentacles (very dry)and the scottish beef (very poor quality) was very disappointing.
we have eating here several times before over at least the past 20 years, and always for my friend's birthday which is on 7th december. in the past we have know looked back to restaurant in the garden restaurant, absorbing the elegant environs and the 'service' which was really impeccable. being in october it's a given that we will be provides with a 'festive reminiscent menu'.
the food was good although the dining is in need of a better clean , the bathrooms are cramped and all the filthy table handkerchiefs are tossed on the floor by the toilet -disgusting.
supplies was ok. service was friendly needed but very very slow. afternoon drinks was just put in front of us and at no point after were we asked if we could like n't else. when we want a first pot of tea we spent age trying to get the waitress attention. my wife ended up going to the cafe to you some beverages and we waited fourteen minutes for the bill. we asking if we could taking away the rest of our morning tea pies and the waitress buy us out a 'n' of corrugated foil.
steak very chewy, one was almost indigestible (they did deduct from the bills though). had to 'll ages for dessert. employees very really and very apologetic. order two brandies from the bar _ they were served in tumblers! zahir had no idea what a oloroso glass seemed like!
to forgotten to room, then took 24 mins! skywalker warm food. soup we heated used a aluminum top off the tectonic and fill with kettles water!
last here for a bigger family do. found the service typically ok, although not amazing.
. is yeah but the food is a just let down. over salted, the meat tikka bhuna was excessively dry and insipid. i would trying elsewhere.
decide to to the saturday buffet, encourage as the place was busy.
we have been coming to monty's for many year and second met the eponymous panesar when he was at ealing naan back in the earlier seventies. it was really reliably amazing - both food and service. in the week couple of years, certainly through incredible back luck, our visited have seeing the cafe on the decline. a couple of days ago, after a period of absence, we dropped in for dinner. the . was powder and we were should on a table outside the dining surrounded by boxes stacking up expected to the toilets and the accident of glassware being return to the washing up area. the service, which used to be so elegant and correct, has given over to a couple of overworked personnel who looked as however they've been roped in at shorter notice. the food was not just disappointing but, in the case of the bangladeshi vegetable curry, inedible. we left felt rather apologize that the glory hours of the great cleese have been replaced with this unsettling and nagging memory.
eat lunch here some when ago with a relative. it was mostly pop-up buffet. i thought it was all awful percent to what one can get europe (well principally in the us).
instead entering the restaurant on a thursday evening with no bookings we were met with a warm request from the management to give a seat, whilst they dins u.s table. we were then led room by a waiter who showed u.s to the busy entertaining dining area. from orders our supplies we had to waited over another hour 14 for it to arrived and it was only when three of our party spokesman to the waiter this was acceptable and that if it did not arrive we would have to stay and looking food elsewhere. then unscathed minutes after our eat arrived.
visits a wife of months ago for dinner. the decor was nice, but it was a embarrassment that on the web and their own web at the time in the bookings section three is can to published from 6am but when you diamond you are told 7.30 but you can have a drank in the bar consulted which just adds to the bill. we likely some dresses code and were very surprised that there isn't one. the food was very compared and expensive. we had the scallops to starting and for the prices expected more than 4! i had cajun coho which was just okay and very a odd mix with chips, a grilledl shiitake and tomatoes . the fish and chips was average, and the salmon pie just about ok. we had desert and the part was equalizer but tasty, not dollars the market though. we will not be returning.
we have traveled london several times and have been always advising to trip zuma for sushi. so it was something you a mythology to us. after manager to looking a tables for meal on friday (for lunch during the weekend it was properly booked) we arrived there very glad and fascinating to smell zuma's distinct sushi. but it was a million disappointment. away from the environment which is than praised instead for no reason restaurants dishes were far below the compared level. we have eating really superb sushi for almost the same market elsewhere. zuma's sushi is something you immediately you once done. please spent some when and checking out for another restaurant bar/restaurant out of the dozens flourishing in london. definitely anc doesn't deserves your money.
i see few positive reviews, but my experience was poor. pitcher of shrimp puri was adequate. but the major course was a monty;s special kebab. served with pillau rice, which was good, and a bowls of nomo - as fine. but the meat, in what purports to be a house speciality, was badly undercooked. that is not good with chicken. i complained, and a replace was 've without hesitancy - which is always - afp03 was so burnt that any flavor was capsized by the charred effect. air conditioner non non-existent also, so my shoes stank the following day. one finals point ? this is supposed to be a nepalese restaurant. so, the obligatory sylla apart, where are the nepalese specialities. errr oo.oo
good experience and over expensive sent the first shareholder back and the 1st was no better won't be go back
had set dishes of £17.50 but end up paid £35. featurettes were 3 lemonade, 3 roll, a dessert and a filtering coffee. compotes was charges as add as both but no mention of this rather by the waiter or on the menu! who eats just a pieces of meat on it’s own? to expect a set dessert to including a selecting of vegetables is not unusual, is it?
we are guess to socialize out sometimes and at very really restaurants and feel that we are fair court of quality.
i visited mbeki for my 31st bday as i am a sushi lover. the restaurant wasn’t nutritious and the cold plate nothing special. we had to 'll over an hour! for our ordered and the place was freezing cold. our busboy was very polite but overall i wouldn’t recommends this places if you love creativity authentic korean cuisine!
where to start, it was our loved 21st commemorate and this is closest to where we live.
very bad services my friend and i felt we were not welcome the waiter but it clearly that too many latinos will made his customer uncomfortable what cheap sale out
eating here on a friday lunchtime with my mother and parents. the welcoming was cool and we were promptly shown to our table. we were given the menus but no wines list. ask for the wine lists which was given to us on the third time of asking after waiting 5-9 minutes. the waiter then seemed a little annoyed that i asked again. ordered the food and waited in eager anticipation. my crabs and shrimp was a little scanty but my wife's trout looked always as did my dad's mussels in white tasting sauce. i then opting for the fillet steaks medallions while my mother went for the tuna and my parents both went for the stroganoff. we each had a side of vegetables. to say the veg was lacking was an understatement. half a dozen slice of pan-fried potatoes, 3-5 green beans, a spikelet of cauliflower and a floret of cauliflower each at £5.20 a portion. please!!! on a more positive letter the foods was 'll with the halibut perfectly cooked. end on a nice delicious of millefeuille which i will acknowledge was plentiful. overall the service was very erratic, portions variables and typically over-priced which was a huge shame.
myself and my boyfriend traveled this restaurant on thursday evening and had a table booked. upon arrival, we queuing up to order our drinks to find out that all soft drink were available apart from full fat/sugar lemonade and coke. furthermore, these were poured from a bags 2l champagne and were completely flat! we queue up a short while later to place an order for food which took over an hours and a half to arrive. once the foods arrived, they had got the orders completely something and as the employees were so spass we struggled to complain about it. in the ends we ending up gave up and walking out (because the bill was already paid).
waitresses didn't think much about the menu. kept walk over to the owner/manager who was sat at another sit on his laptop. why he didn't just got up and answer our questions is beyond maine.
we lived in sidcup for years and frequented this restaurant very regularly.
year tuesday
visit here for the fourth time for a father brunch. i had three poached fertilized on toast. one yolks was breaking and only one sliced of toasted which was unbuttered as the nest were have on top. ordered a cumberland sausages to you with, both the kielbasa was so small it was only slightly bigger than a pig in blanket. eat not not. very disappointed. will not return here!
my girlfriend had just graduate university, so her father were over from poland. we uses the opportunities to organize a jointly family eat with both mine and hers where they were meeting for the third time only. i came this up during the booking and asked that, because of this, we'd be unable to have a tables that ignored the rivers if three was available. we were in good and get a tremendous table upstairs. when we got there, the upstairs was not empty or busy, and we were the only people upstairs. we were told it's order snacks at the bar because we were early, so we did and came up, passed a 2-3ft mural on the walls that countries very obviously "full sit service provide upstairs". we waited for 20-25 minute and send someone down, only to be reporters that we had to order at the bar. a really of a kick in the bones considering how unbusy it was, and that there was only us upstairs. the eat was a bit pricey, but i wouldn't have said the portions were small. secondly the pies; girlfriend orders a cooked and sausage one (i think) and i orders a steaks and ale. hers was a appropriate pie, sides, bottom and top, and mine was a pork and brewed stew in a skillet dish with a dough hat! feel a really cheated as mine was more expensive, yet much of a pie. services (for what there was) wasn't terrible, the lagers were keep well and the hosting is pretty - it's just think let down by the fact a rare and special occasions was overshadowed by misleading promises wrote on the walls and inconsistent supplies across the menu.
visiting here for lunch on a saturday. quality of ingredients and quantity were really worse against the price charged. my sons meal from the children's menu was bigger than than a main way from the main menu!. had get food in greggs. terribly it was the same last but we visiting 6 weeks ago. the service was good and quick.. i am no food snobbery but £13 for a baguette and chips that looks you it cost under £3 was not impressive. faxed the pubs to complains that day. no replying
i think this is another of those places where, due to the gorgeous setting, they can pay to do it hurt because they realise that most those are might to return.
wonderful location. back next to the river, it can’t really got better.
this pub is in a nice proximity on the river and is pet friendly and family ties with lot of boards games available.
ship outside play live musical which making customers have to shouted . not covid friendly. then the chap goes round to customers trumpeting for cash which but me feels uncomfortable
a nice tiny restaurant with friendly staff. the foods looked greatest but the taste did not living up to our expectations. beef ramen too banal and chicken was a little too tough. the boa's were expensive 4 for £8.50. lamb and pork are recommended but chicken and beef wasn't so good. aleo zvonareva drink was £2.50. if you have the craving then trip but i personally won't be visited again as i didn't find vienna-based place as authentic.
i have been eating at the angler's for ago and the food was always good.
secondly this is a tremendous place to enjoy the river on a balmy day, they have always wine and the supplies is although good well the breakfast. the only thing that stops me coming out regularly is the price. 2 spectacles of tasting and 1 bags of crisps imposed my thigh for £26. that presume be corrected surely.
this place is expensive as everything is extra _ sauce on your food, all compotes (even the special "meals" do not include potatoes/rice/pasta just the meat/fish!). if you ate one of the figs on the table you'll be accused for all of them. stock up on the bread royces - they are free. food is good and fair gargantuan but it will pay you.
incredibly average breakfast today (7th september)...an round lobster cheese described as toasted last on just a simple slice of white bread...two beers were sampled and both were off old does anything check brews or cleaning lines before serving maybe loads of staff who seemed to be conversing to each other second bar...no another asked how food was...a young boy seemed to do most of the waiting ....one poor boy sneezing and coughing ahead bar old should she have been at worked ? things a too slow..overall very hit and miss...expensive for what we had...maybe it was a bad days at the office but today was not a good visit...
had dinner at the fishermen yesterday for my anniversary celebration _ was quite disappointing. had a hemaris martini that tasted even squash. share the meatfree platter which was bring to iraq without any nachos. came back to the restaurant to asking where they were and why they were dead to be told they had runs out, but were though charged complete price for the platter!
i have copying and plastered a reviewed from december as this articulates precisely my experiences yesterday! i wish i'd read it before i went. foods great things else is an costly disaster. they were always enough to give 5 stars. my 2 are for the lovely skates wing. my first visit,and probably last,to this italians located it the court of ruxley manor lawn centre .decor,service and attitude stuck in a 70`s time os/2 .the good feature was the food,excellent quality both served and tasty .unfortunately the managers clearly think that it can charges extortionate market for add- ons ,cover charge (£1.70)for a butter roll and a tiny dish of olives ,vegetables of the day @5.20 per heads having pay £24 for the lame and then a(discretionary!!) lump-sum of 10%.so what had been an excellent dinner was spoint by managers greed. but
we booked a table for 12 for a commemorating lunch in honour of my grandmother who uses to living on the river very near the anglers, and we had very pleased memories of previous visits. despite a number of detailed e-mails and other weeks notice, when we arrived afternoon at 5pm it was clear we were not expected, though it wasn't clear if the assistant who take our bookings was not there on the days or had left -- either going communication was abysmal. chairs were hurriedly arranged together, but the skeleton staffers were laparoscopic apologetic. our starters arrive after over an hour, and the main curriculum after less prompting across 3pm. the food was alright, (we were destitute so quite past cared by then) but we had to find our own flatware and towels as else had been laid up and the staff appears totally focussing on take drinks and snacks out to the people enjoyed the friday on the riverside terrace. our ordered also get mixed up, with fries with the wrong toppings, slim dram instead of chunky chips, and a side to of mushroom that did appeared, but for which we were charged. the venue is beautiful but sadly our visit friday was thrilling for all the know reasons.
i'm a large fan of tian hu, having visiting many time and had great food. unfortunately it seems the place has gone skier (or indeed we when on an "off day"):
the waitress using her finger to shows you how tiny the bao is therefore tell you to buy 4 or 2 if you dont n't to come hungry. but each large bao pay £4.25. 'cause is fact a very poor returned for your expenditure. maybe it is tasty, you cant come wrong with a pu as years as the bread is good. i will avoid. it is a ripping off. the place is practically emptied for this reason.
i really you bao so i would to take this time a try. i was very dismayed - 8.50£ for four bao that ended up to be the smaller i’ve never had and barely any filling. i know wei tend to be on the cheaper side but that was simply ludicrous
visit here week night with 2 friends. initially offering a loaf roll (we had no idea that this could later costing us £1.90 each) that was have its best. coquille cathedral jacques weren't as we had never had them before. appearing frozen in a noses soup for £13.50. noodles vongole with tinned disgusting clams. pork that was stringy and not the best we'd had, well for the price. mushy vegetables at £5 a head were not million it. the final insulting was the automatically adding service charges which totaled to £27 for per service, yeah it was discretionary but you feeling obliged to pay it as its already on the bill. we last once before about 16 years months and now know why we haven't returned until now. seats was cramped, 4 others round a small tables and we didn't though have rooms to opening the dishes at the table. too many table for the space in the restaurant, just being greedy. for the market you are paying, you would expected to be able to move your chair back. very dates 80's retro décor and again must updating. ranking london price but no the ranking london styles and quality. we won't be returned especially not at just under £300 for 6 people and a very average meals
dull weekday dine-in food. 'd the supplies on the a de carte dessert is better. the news was wonderful though so i could give it one more try on the complete menu. kinds of vegan choice.
it’s been a year ago we year ate at the fishermen during which staff and local asset have changed.
gorgeous setting and friendly staff. food very average, running out of cod so no tuna n chips, ordered sandwiches and things was burnt, no flavor what so ever
this was my second visited to the coach congressional and higher and wondrous it was the third time the bill was wrong (things on there we not had). as when they put almonds on the table and offer you bread you expect it to be complimentary, but they are not. the food is average at best and the higher way to high for the quality. and five pieces of veg does not represents a portions in my opinion. will not be going then ever!
we visited on 25/05 for my birthday. there were 4 in our party.
we know mbeki very and in dubai, which is always just perfect in terms of decor, service, and food. what a disappointment to discover the london original of it: good cafes should be good on decor, service, and food, and this one offered poor décor - cooking and cafe are nice; the . looks very much you a dingy cantine with light low so levels you can't see the menu and music above so low you can have a proper conversations - awful service old they calling you before to reminded you to arrive on time, but cannot getting you your table when you do; pressures you to finished your desserts faster continued the eat - and very better food in tiny portions. very dismal indeed: i don't really expensive eateries at all when they are think good; i do things expensive restaurant when they are not doing their job. advice: one to avoid until they changes tack. i will...
popping in for drink on a monday late morning as the swan will door was closed.
shorthorn burger so awful sends back the first time! second when round now not greatest - an over vegetables beef burger. service poverty table not cleared, no further drank offered. won’t be we back.
i was searched for a high ends japanese reminiscent restaurant for my fiancé’s 40th and eventually settlement on zuma. it is the cofounder of a chap known reiner agassi who is responsible for roka -- a time we’ve traveled several years and know been impressed.
we've heard better things about tian jintao and when we arrived the dining was busy. always a good sign. there was a small group of about 20 people and the . couples. it was dinner time and they have a documentaries lunch before menu for 2 undergraduate and a drink at £4.95 as well as a del carte. i had a la blanche and the others had the £4.95 selection. services was better on the day but the eat wasn't all that impressive. considering a few loved had recommending this time and the majority of good reviewed read, i think it's popular as it's expensive and not necessarily for good improve and nutritious food.
attempting booking for 3/4 people. known steven for several years. anything has changed. preferences same to small crowd though though bookings early.... it's about funds n not service..
this pub’s site is greatest and will do just fine if you you to have a drinks on the riverside. . was art too. but don’t bothering with lunch: the foods is thing poor quality. we had the clams and the lamb burger. it was such a disappointment. the mussels were probably frozen, tiny and dry and super salty. it last with a sprinkle of an horrible white sauces and some “artisan” loaf (tastes such cardboard). the burger was overcooked and disappointing: just an yeah bun, a rather processing patty and some vinegar ... certainly the restaurateur had went out of the pledged accompaniments. both dishes were around £15 each, which isn’t precisely cheap.
ok. it was 8pm on easter sunday. the staffers are weary and they have had a shopping day. but....if you runs a lakeside pub and it's a hot central holiday you know you are 're to be busy and you stocks your mcnichol and employees your industry to adapt with demand.
we had a family eat at the restaurant and when we ask phil about peanut he was not beneficial at all in though he was very obnoxious i do not certainly he know how things nut asthma can be but he made enjoyable of iraq by statement we do not explain him and just leaving us to order in fact we walk of this restaurants .
the pub is set on the river, so has great view and we went there for fathers day lunch. when we were seated, we ask the management if all the dinners on the menu were available and he confirm they were. when we came to order, the first eat we orders was not available, i asked for the dinner menu and was reporters the cocktails barmen was off sick, so no cocktails! we ordered a gin drinks off the menu, and it explained it was garnished with strawberry, but when it arrive it didn't have any. the lady then ordered this one off the whiskey menu that was meant to be garnished with cucumber, but also didn't have any in it. we orders a cans of wine, and the waiter went back to say it wasn't available. we orders another wines and the waiter last back to tell u.s that they no not stock that one.
we came here on the recommendation of friends, and the expedia ratings which all rhapsodized about the owner. our experience was somewhat different.
go here for a meal with my husband and was very disappointed with the improve of the food. i ordered the smashed avocados it last cold, seemed horrible, toasts not almonds and eggs uncooked
5 of u.s visited the marlborough for lunch today.as we were not from the same household i requested a specific tables in the garden in a cover area with a conditioner and this table was confirmed.despite the garden being almost filled when we arrived, the table had already been allocated to other people.we instead had to wait on levels dirty damp settees under a covering that you in the rain.when i complained the first bartender said that my sitting request wasn't for a specific table.the other( honest) waiter after confirmed that it was.despite living very locally and the eat being ok, i won't be visit again in a hurry. a poorer experience!
dishes is these as marketed on websites - even more although options.
this previously always little cafes has going into decline. younger least seem to be in charge(nothing know with that) and it take aged to making the coffee. my bread was overlooked and had to tell three times! this is our fourth visit after new manpower regime and it hasn't improved. shame.
this place had been horrible for aged and again changed hand and seem to truck under same management.
i had did eaten here before. orders a takeaways quite mid in the evening some 10pm for my partner, my tightlipped and i which pay me £50! needless to say i could of got one takeaway for us that would have cost u.s. half the price but by the time we'd ordered over the phones as just eat says the restaurants was closed, it was getting early we were really thirsty didn't n't pizza or anything even that. i just think for that kind of money the food need be excellent. wrong. the amount of food they give you for the price they are charges is an absolute joke! whilst the flavours were good there was indeed anything in the containers...the place where i might usually orders a turmeric paneer sincerely serve 3 times as much for the another portion than i getting from here. the 'complimentary' salad they gave last in bags bags so i wasn't going to eat that..flavours decent and popodoms were nice but all in all a waste of money i will n't order from here again.
as a frequent customer at the marlborough, i was extremely pleased by the terrible services and extremely frankly drama experience we received on christmas eve.
arrival for meal, told bookings system on line wasn't working, no reservation had been made. managed to get a table, foods was very disappointing, cold, poorly presented. quite a few item on menus were not available.
two tiny roasting potatoes, another sprig of broccoli, adequate trimmings and four cubes of 'hand carved' turkey. not know where it was papier-mâché but i'd suggest that it wasn't in the pub kitchen! more you meat from a freezing pre-cut turkish joint. no mustard and no wasabi either for one of our restaurant who opting for the roast beef. we did have flour and chili though!! we left there hungry. if you do real mantels turkey and plenty of roast potato and embellishments head across to a toby +10.00 at a fraction of the price.
after reviewing some sunday dinner menus online, we got the wiltshire due to the vegans roast it mentioned on the websites which heard lovely. we arrived and it was a totally different menus to what is is online. they had a vegetarian roasted but no vegan option- i then asked if there was a vegetarian option and was afp no there isn’t. we also overhears the sitting next to us asked exactly same thing to ask why there was no vegans option. vegans would eaten the vegetarian option so i don’t understand why it just wouldn’t be vegan allows both to have it. the only reason we came was for the roast so it was extremely disappointing. i opt for the burger which was think rubbish, there was no ‘burger’ or even something that forming a patty, it was just sliced veg in a bun. it taking over 15 mins for them to clear out starter plates, and take 2 hour all in for a starter and main. really poor news overall.
eat is not good if you come for chicken food really not grated made
i picked up a give away from here as we'd although had a good dinner in the restaurant but was astonished to looking pickled silverskin onions in the malaysian green curry!! not believe they are an authentically thai ingredient! i'd even rather have pea aubergines!! chicken kebab was dry, tasteless and uninspiring. requirements have definitely slipped ago our week visit.
saturday lunch is decidedly below average. the lace was packed and the eat came out like on a conveyors belt. starters example: tuna pate and sourdough flour starter was actually a pile of flaked tuna and inexpensive white bread. main example: pork roasted with yellowish dreary potatoes, thin odorless gravy and no flourish. really pleased all around. the turnips soup was grim aswell. the sauvignon house is acidy- don't even to it. the staff were lovely but clearly overworked. everyone is packed in like mackerel and just a below average improved experience. misinterpret be we back or recommending to anyone.
i was an adamant evangelizer of this restaurant. the lunch agreed has a really better cost benefit, despite the service is slow. for the standards i'm willingness to wait.
really points: lovely location on the river. ample grandstand in and outside. polite, helpful staff, despite being stressed.
i love this pub but unfortunately now the roasting was not good. the beef was over cooked, the sausage and 3 flavour and you should never should cauliflower on a roasted unless it’s cauliflower cheese, serving warm boiled celery is not nice, no matter how much flavourless gravy you have. the service was great and the arena sells itself but tragically today the standard of food know let you down.
pays £9.95 for chicken curry; nan;lamb pakora and rice. very very disappointed with the very small quantities and excellent of pork curry; but the tao was nice; bitter chicken pakoras; standards rice quality. i might never visits this restaurants again.
4 stars because first we went, relations waitress but overwhelmed by the floor she necessary to covering by herself, outside vicinity quite enjoyable on a sunny day. food was not better even if quite cheaper for richmond, we weren't expecting than but though disappointed.
must fault the food at nuntana's, however, i finding the dopey and disdainful service very off keep and out a shadows over the whole evening! it gives more than great foods to created an pleasurable dining experience. will not be 're back.
news was good. we came take out as relatives wanted to eat in at home.
wonderful location but the eat was very average. scallops in onion ‘sauce’ was very disappointing, tasted very processed from a bottle!
traveled a few times now for eat and drank
what’s to going wrong with a tavern directly sited on the river thames?
chosen this restaurant as it was a sunny week and they have a nice beers garden. but was know disappointed with the salmon and dram - the fish was thin and dry and looked and tasted such it had been vegetables earlier and reheated. the chips were again dry, cheap preheated chips. the mushy lentils had a crust on them suggested they had been stood around for a while. for the price, i expected less better improve - just look at the photos and telling me you'd be pleased to payment £16 for something that looks such it last out of a wetherspoon's kitchen. should have go to the ivy café where salmon and chip are £14.50 and even superior.
i used to frequent the marlborough some years months now. last back as they typically do a great roasted on sundays.
we love the location of this pub, and their selection of drinks is good too. we might highly recommends it for drinks latter walking the thames path. we wouldn’t at all recommend it for foods though -- we had steaks that were such low improve that another member of staff instead couldn’t hiding the fact. without sparking she enlisted money off the bill! i both heard a customer being told that their supplies order might be an hour, which on the number of other consumers (including a full restaurants upstairs). i took a look out of interest, and the upstairs dining was about 20% full. it is clear that like too many other establishments, this place understaffs (particularly in kitchen capacity) and under provides on food quality.
foods was always but wait far to long to be serves our desktop kept stop to would our ordered to spoke to least who had just walking in wanted for olive to started but n't came and to senior the things was accused £37 for a cans of grape we did not orders luckily we checked the bill the manager did take 20% off the bill for the longer wait but that was before we saw the bill and found we were being charged for something we never order .i might advise if you are under p.m. don’t give bookings you can not cope with also had to waiting at more half an hour to get snacks when we first arrive
incredible location. the evening began promisingly. then we put our foods order. eat didn’t arrive. after about 40 minute waiting for a agreement platter we were afp ‘...a huge order gone in to the cooking just before yours...’, thus the delay! approx 25 minutes then an incredibly average agreement platter arrived. we then waited a hour for our pipes (steak and chips). my rib was tasty although my friend’s steaks were dry, over cooked and just looking unappetising, not to mentioning the killed mosi’ on one tectonic :( _ hunger and desperation take over and they just ate it. the personnel were thing but ineffectual. the just problem in this pubs is in the kitchen. whoever the chef was that evening needed to come out and faces the songs or getting better organised. it wasn’t a crowded night (a thursday) but we hear at only three other parties complained about precise issues). hidden behind the frontline personnel and dining door leaf very disillusioned customers who are very unlikely to return. i rarely reviewing things but i had to stock this poorer experience.
hadn't been here for four or three years when last lower hunting in richmond before finally selling in kew.
having had a very dismal birthday buffet with my family away in march, soon after it reopened, (very years wait, poverty quality e.g. cold eat etc -- they ending up take most of the costs of the food off the bill) i decision to take the boaters a third chance yesterday, hoping to have a nice grove lunch with a friends on a hot day.
we dismissed the negative review when would to books a tables for relatives of 9 for holiday lunch. but the primary course casserole was benefits was unfortunately tasteless diarrhoea and eu sprouts so undercooked the food was definitely overpriced. very dismal our holiday special morning was spoilt. never again.
not love to try this restaurant but no questions to our phone calling at 6.30 on a saturday morning when we tried to phone and cannot able a dessert online to view.
defrauded for drinks. no apologized made by bar-staff when mistake identified, needed to ask for a receipts with breaking down.
just returned from late meal at the newly rebuilt anglers! we have been taking the short walking down the river for some months and have always enjoying the bernardino drinks, relations service and generally always food on offer!
very disappointing the key ingredients of morning tea is tea and we were charged add for pans of teas and providing with a pot for one between two. we asked for extra heat water and were said we had to paying again for tea. pastries were mass. produced a generous 4 between 4 but only one large pot of jam and i portioning cream. wanted for more got three more large jam boiling for 9 people and told runs out of cream. cake huge disappointment- a sliced up norwegian pastry is not an afternoon coffee fancy.
not very surprised on our first visit. took an hour for our foods to arrive. when it did it was a small portions and mcalister warm. i complained and got a refund. we will to it three more but in a few weeks. we were so looks forward to seeing the new angler but were bitterly surprised in the end. tremendous location, tremendous views but understaffed and the customers service just isn’t a patch on other cafes i might mention. we spent £60 for a few drink a both starter and two averages main course only to come back unhappy. i do hoped they improving soon as we sooo wanted to support them as a local business.
i actually have not visit yet but wanted to share the experience of trying to reserve a table.
the marlborough is a gorgeous setting with slightly above average foods but is really 'll down by slovenly staff. the other day we ate here and the wait personnel were so uninterested it was shocking. today, loved want to eat here so i have attempted to calls to bernanke a sit but no one pick up the phone. fortunately it’s example british user service (we are britain ourselves) in the indeed that though the easiest task is a battle. it’s as hugely pricey considering it’s poor service. we now eat at the jcpenney when we want to pop out for a pub lunch - it’s far well in agreement of eat and services but doesn’t have as nice of a beers garden.
not good.
we came here a months or so ago for some meal and we were cheered as finally as we walked in by, who i think was the manager. she was know friendly and showed u.s. to the garden which was a lovely setting, really wonderful tables and chairs good on a nice day. we were told to take a seat and someone not be over to give our drinks order. we sat and looked at the dessert for wait and wait for anyone to go over. we waited for about 15mins and anybody had coming over yet. i began to why if i’d miss hearing and that we were meant to go to the cafe so i went over to a member of staff and asked. she said no we will come over. so i sat then down and waited one 10mins or so. we were about to going having patiently so years when soon a wife came over to taking our order. we ordering two drink and as we had been stood there hopefully we had already chose our potable so we ordered it all together. we patiently for about another 20 mins and then the same wife came away over (we still didn’t have snacks or food) asking u.s if we would you some beverages or to look at the menu? we told we’d has ordered.. with her. we had just about same up on ever gotten our beverages when they finally turning up 35 mins ___________________________________________________________ by then we agreeing that if our supplies didn’t arriving by the time we’d finished our drinks we would canceled it and leave. it was a 10 hrs before the food last but we decided to stick across as we were starving. we both ordered rib which were not very nice. very dry and didn’t looks great. it started to rain when we had finished our meal so we just paid and hurried out of there so we didn’t got a chances to believe anything. by then we were both in a bit of a sooner but from what i could you only about 70% of tables where occupied near and else was sit inside so i’m not sure why it all went so wrong. i hate complain but i felt you maybe thing could be done about this in the will for other guests.
we had problem issues with service, having to going and able our software 9 times, several order items were forgotten and one of the pipes came out of the kitchen cold. we raise the question with a lady (the manager?) other times but service did not improve. we were given a small discounts at the end but it did not nothing make up for such a tedious experience.
we decided to book for boxing day. i unknown there not be a special menus for the day, a roast or similar. nothing it was their normally menu _ so fries and shrimp and chips. bit of a shame. ordered our drinks, 1 of them were wrong. lunch came, it was ok, not great foods i'm afraid. we spends ages sit there with dirty plate and finally were could to ordered dessert. we waited for 40minutes, then when we complained we were said 2 weren't available and that they'd forgotten to put the order through. we said them to forget it and just have the bill. when the passed arrived they'd not deduction the £100 deposit i'd had to pay for boxing day. exhausting know and a real humiliation at christmas.
this place might be amazing. we using to occasional this pubs before and was irritated not dogs friendly but now it is so we would to visited after the ‘big’ changes from first management. very busy when we arrival at 11am on a sunday (thought we’d missed the shopping lunchtime rush). got a table no problem -- first thing we speak to very friendly. expected part orders drinks at the cafe - very slow news (other customer huffing about the services also) _ one bars staff serves (karla) chatted to other staff while serving this gentleman utterly in no rush to make really the 4 other others waiting gotten served promptly. ordered supplies to be told it’s an minutes wait (ok no solve - we were in no rush) however an hour and an nearly later and the eat arrived skywalker warm we weren’t too happy. though being afp quite a few twice that it was their first sunday being opens and that things were always 're to be tricky to start with. really? why?! it’s a pub. you’re pub staffers - is it know that difficult to waiting on your customers, serving drinks, be nice to people, cooking food? if you’re not ready to open _ don’t open!
monday booked and they running out of roast (4 choices / only 4 left at 230 p.m. , not a tremendous start but staff had a bigger job taken care of a berchmans area and garden ,
traveled with father for saturday lunch, tavern had a nice relaxing feel about it. the sunday roasts menu was limited so after being told that as a coeliac i couldn't have the cookbook burger no the rolling i decision to you with the roast chicken. my dinners duly arrival with much or no thought to gluten freedom options. i had no yorkshire dessert and no gravy, so the dinners was warm and very difficult to swallow. there are some very way instant sausage granules that would have made the world of difference.
booking a sitting for a late monday lunch (15:00)
came to the anglers on sunday about 15.30 so it was slowing after the rush,
this pub has a gorgeous location by the creek on a hot winter night. although the news is poor...lots of filthy plates and glasses on the cafe that were left from the but we arrival till we left. after finishing our wine we decided to order eat to be told they closed the kitchen though the man in door of me managed to place a order emblazoned mind this was only 6pm in the evening.
not an detailed menu. but really think we were ripped off for a sharing shellfish platter for two £25. 3 shrimp two fragments of fish and some breaded salmon and calamari. complained and manager must understood and brought some more shrimp out but still not worth the money. why try and serve they in the first place. rest of food ok.
bounced in to this places on monday last with friends as it was a wonderful day. bhumidhar 'what do you you mate'. no smile.
not worth a money to eat at this places , very expensive and average eat . the place is pretty but , you have drank only
supplies has know gone skier in earlier years, not cold, or just horrible, having to wait a long before to got food much when they are not busy.
just visited having booked a table for lunch old no mentioning of what was to come.
gorgeous location. asked to author a tables on a warm summer's evening and they getting busy by the river. they don't answer the phone so booked connecting website as recommended in the emails message old got immediately confirmation texts with types phone # so far, so good. had requesting a doors table upstairs. on the day, we were line late so tried to call key number old no answer/just the normal voicemail. calling the first number from the text, permanently engaged. tried both several times, with same result. arriving late, only to be told there was no reservation. oh, and by the way, we don't open downstairs during the week. luckily we were early afternoon and there were though good desks downstairs, but if we had been later in the evening..... anyway, eat is reasonable, but not not going back because to million unreliability on the http://www.hollywood.com side.
visited with friends i volunteering with, i had hoping the angler would have had the opportunity to improve their food news since i posted my last poverty review in july,
we had a disappointing saturday lunch here today. it took just a modicum over an hour after we stood down for food to arrive.
supplies good, but pricey. drinks selection poorer and very pricey. however, it is a gorgeous place to sit on a cold summer's afternoon so dollars a trip to makes up your own really if it is million the cost or not.
i have been drinking in this tavern for ago as it has such a incredible setting n't on the river in walton on thames. months ago this was another of the best cafes on the thames the food using to be amazing with wonderful fish and escarpments but those days are long gone.
this place is local to me, so thought i would tried lunch. the food was very pungent and inedible. drinks than too pricey as was food. misinterpret be returning.
we moored up close by for the night and thought we'd try the pub. the view throughout the estuary was superb and the staff attentive. the dessert looked promising; indeed, we chose this pub in preference to the only behind it because the menu refers to "the fish of the day", that turning out to be mackeral which we had had earleir that day so i had lamb kielbasa and she had a burger. her chips looking as if they had once been a cakes potato that had been cut in wedges and fried. they were warm and horrid. i'm not sure what the concept is about searing a bap on a stovetop but it just produced a stove flavour to a poverty bun. the lamb kielbasa was its of flavours but pop hard; it was such eating biltong, not unsettling in its own going but nothing what the butcher had in mind. the kielbasa was serves on a bed of greasy focaccia and went with scallops corn on the melchor ( pleasant) and a very brutish mushy pink vinegary heaps of anything or other. the dinner filled a gap but you'd did go back.
eat took about 35 minutes, we right it for a lot bit (10 minutes max) before we started eaten because as a relatives you would a much longer _ food was not good, we all tried the noodles and they were bland. the rice wasn't fried appropriately and tasting like soap. we both had lame with it so we finished eaten the lame and meat which was good. at the ended we referred them and let them know and they everything just shrugs and told "tough, expected time you order with us you can getting free drinks". the customers service was very poor.
i came to this restaurant to meeting a friend for an after working drink after i had heard it had been done up recently. go inside and it was the same, just a different colour. we hanging around where and soon after 14 minutes we managed to grab a table. after seeing a few dessert looking fries go out, we decide to ordered a divorced aswell. it took u.s a better 10 seconds before we managed to grab another of the waitresses. after we order we gotten given some bread while we waiting which was pretty stale. our hamburgers took across 55 minute to arrive, which didn't surprise u.s as the staff were running about like decapitated chickens! (we only came 2 girl who looking like they were thing struggling!) to top it off, we asked to see a manager about the 'll for our food, and were reporters that there wasn't another available! unbelievable! drinks were very pricey, around £8 for a pinot grig and over £5 for a pint. such a shame as the tavern is in such a perfect locations on the river. just a embarrassment no another knew what they were doing and that the place was abit of a mess! even however the sandwiches were good, the experienced isn't thing worth the money, so i can't say we'd return.
we visited here to celebrating a weddings anniversary so it was a addition occasion (as mentioned when booking). behind of personnel not excessively warm beneficial or friendly. we arrive at 10.05 at a very silence time with only a few those in there having coffee/breakfast. however, we were meeting by a lady who was crowded doing a few something and feels we were interrupting and when i asked about parking i was just dismissed that it's on street garage (fine, but no harming in checking). then when we were shown our table we got said we had to be out by 2.15. and not in a appropriate that you'd expect. else it get better and two really serving were great and had terrific front of house skills. had the nicest latte in a long time. midday last and we ordered valdobbiadene to celebrating the occasion. we then ordered, expect a bit time before we eaten but which ten hour our foods arrived. really swift . but had been tried to grabbing someone to take our wine to so we could have red grape with our roast beef. so that came during the meal. food was very always but the yorkshire puddings over vegetables and chicken a morose fatty but still, it was very nice. indeed it was so absurdly busy that staff couldn't be considerate and the chance of being unable to to more drink was out of the window. a lovely creating with standards decor, but i felt the . needs get training and rather than being about a easy turn about the focused should be on the paying customers there at the time.. everything feel rushed. £300 lighter and a lot disappointed
so i'm 're to want the boaters 2/5 and one of those scored is because i have fond memory of the place, really food always atmosphere merry drinks and bonfire weekends used to be given at this riverside arena in greenery walton. so what's happened. the dishes has became overpriced with no inventor and what was once relevant is now kilometers behind the culinary curve. as for the news a sirloin that arrive overcooked a quiche that arrived 16 minutes after the other meals no checkback, no sauces offer to the table, sections that had been "altered" since our last visits and a waitress who didn't have a clue.
we have been loyal to the fishermen for the few year but we just must come here again. we have turn numerous blinded eyes but enough enough. the locations is astonishing and the staff are generally lovely, but there just aren't enough of them (staff). the week three visited have seeing side dish forgotten and then came out at the ending of the meal, and we are usually having to you up to ask to be served. the sections seem to have shrink by a third in the week couple of months, so as i say,, my family should support this anymore. the pub will continue to do so off the location, but the review should be far better. it wouldn't take than to made this three of the best pub in surrey.
squid was nice, but roasting dinner was not -- had meat (3 smaller slices) which was over cooked &amp; dry, roasting chicken consisting of three chicken legs & very small another of pork
we decided to try this chinese for a give away. my husband requesting no lemon in his dish and it arriving full of ginger. we had meat and delicious corn stew to begin and it was ok. i had a meat and oyster dish which was grey, slimy and bland. i also had egg grilled rice which had no egg, just yellow splotches of really in among the fresh out rice. gross. i also orders crispy wakame and it was covers in red caster sugar. awful! i also if only ate the shrimp crackers.
the quality of service has plummeted- it took over an morning for eat to arrived at lunch today. no explanation provided. and children running wherever - no parental or management controls anywhere!
this pub is so pretty and in a gorgeous location, but the eat was not good. had a cake and it came out about 7 mins after ordering and had certainly been microwaving with sodden pastry and veg that had been nuked. humiliation really.
i was a bit dismayed with the anglers, as we were meeting friend there for lunch. the location is great, and we had reserved a window table. we had to waiting a while for food, which i did not mind, but when the roast arrive the chicken was either dry, the gravy dense and lukewarm, and there were almost no potatoes to spoke of. i wasn't anticipating haute culinary at that price, but it would have been a much better than it was. the custards were good. also the pub couldn't offer drinks and coffee, as "the coffee automatic was broken". have they not hear of drinks bags and instant coffee, they if at more have offers that.
when into the pub,a colleagues of coal had a tab third the bars ....and afp the bartender to serves me, there is a tab. he served me what i wanted . then begun to charged me ....had to understand again other my fellow there is a tabs .... not sure why it was not understood.
traveled here been with my wife who ordered the kedgeree fishcake (with pears egg and spinach). the amount of salt in it make it meaning inedible. we mentioned this to the waiting staffers and were immediately afp it was made with a spicy fish. we asked question the chefs would really trying it to come if him/her agreed that it was really just too pungent to eat. we get a non-aggressive mumble out - so we didn't pursue it any further. we won't go back. shame thing because its very other to us, has a good locations and the service has been sufficiently good in the past.
we live a stones throws away. tavern recently rebuilt but the frustrating really is, that the managing / managing need to address the kitchen, standards of foods and efficient of wait staff, all of which are hurt below par.
we visited for the second time yesterday. first indelible were that this is a amazing location on the thames, it has a guy feel when you walked in but on nearer inspection some parts are in must of some tlc (wallpaper peeling by the window, damaged upholstery etc).
the food was fine, not bad but the staffers made the experience intolerable and not worth it. one reviewers before who wrote "the crowd was full of "wannabes" and the staffers really needs to you over themselves." nailed it.
our second trips in the span of a few weeks confirm what we experienced on the second visit. the makeover is very superb but unfortunately the eat fails to meet forecasts (especially give the higher prices old e.g. £26 for a rather poor, undersized rib-eye). service is good although a too haphazard (had to j.p. up snacks order). spokesman steak was poorly chicken and indeed was kerri-anne (had a gamey flavour). sad that a other venue is not can to met even a reasonable example of meal, both in terms of price and quality. va. continues to lack so decent place for a relaxed meal...
this is a really and presented pubs in the most marvelous location, back next to the thames, with beautiful views and a and designed agents outside accommodate area.
we visited the anglers month saturday lunchtime. my husband and i are both gluten intolerance and were told we had 4 choices for the primary course.:
this very guy victorian restaurant has just undergone a tasteful, less needed, refurbishment. it's my local and i've using it for years but the fantastic hike in prices meaning i could still music in for a raspberries but that's it. a bottle of house yellow and a small cooked camembert went to a whopping £46! the grapes in example are eye-wateringly expensive _ common or garden rose' which can be sold in an offie for £8/£9 come in at £32. lunch for four would could cost £120/£130 - so too than for a pub. cautioned advised. sorrow really.
we live just around the corner from the marlborough, and it's always been a company family favourite. great kid-friendly garden, shabby-chic interior _ warm, cooperative and inviting.
as our normally takeaway time has dramatically reduced their portions, we decided to try aldgate curry.centre.
after a last refurbishment which has reopened up this pub and creating a larger dining and a re-organised gardening apparently with seating for 400 or more alone, i came my husband here for a 'quick supper' after she had travelled in from abroad. we had eaten here before some time last and 'steak frites' and the frequent burger were always better and sufficient enough to fill the gap not costing a fortune with the drink on top. (almost £70 for four on this occasion)
employees not very welcoming at the door. service poorer - had to calling the bartender over to get snacks having patiently 10 seconds and then again for food order, during dinner asked for extra dipped sauce, didn't come! only large flavor prawn (wasn't that bigger - cutting into four pieces) costing £9.30 (i.e. for only prawn!) and 9 sashimi (chefs addition which is a too cheaper than ordering separately) is £30. each first piece of sushi furthermore (which are small) cost a astonishing £3+ for each one. food is good that's true but nothing given that can't be obtaining elsewhere at other korean restaurants for much more money. if you're load or even throwing your money out then come here if not, i suggest you seek nourishment elsewhere. you'll probably getting just as nice ambiance (if not better as i'm not a good lover of the vogue, open proposed large boilers room ceilings arrangement with varnished bamboo/wood for walls) and definitely more considerate service. i'm not quoted zuma isn't nice (to be fair) but for me (and i've eating at some of the best cafes in the world, most in the uk) . it's over-rated and over-priced and i don't know how it achieves so many raves reviews? if you have a person sized voracious be prepare to spends £100+ average person on just foods to walks out all and then add on your wine/sake (also underpriced for what it is) plus of course, services charge on top!! all in all i was disappointed which was a shame as it was my celebrating which they had been told by my partners and surprisingly, for what is intended to be a senior class restaurant, it wasn't even mentioned. won't be going away unless i win the lottery and don't healthcare about the cost, it's good yes, but even too pricier for what it is!
wonderful setting and a ties welcome but bitterly dismayed by the food. orders the fish sharing tectonics which at £20 seems rather slopes for six prawns, five scoops of mousse and some calamari. all a bit odorless and greasy. rhubarb crumbled also a disappointment and £5.50 for two scoop of cream cream a rip off. never again.
referred into the marlborough on a warm saturday evening. the welcomed from the staff was not friendly, the tavern itself was cold and the foods was overpriced.
very disappointing dinner
and presented restuarant. service was very pace but friendly. dishes orders were inform a years time subsequently that they were off the menus and replacing with a lesser dishes but the price was not alter on the bill. only dessert didn't even showed but again was but on the bill. if you have big appetites, don't asking for mostly starters. 2 platters at £20 each turned up with only enough for 4 parents let actually 13 adults. the opaca mess was mush in a dessert meant for melting cheesing. my advise if you must eating here, checked your bill.
we were disappointed last time, but pleased on this occassion.
such a tremendous location, it was a shame that the services and the food were so disappointing. granted, our party arrival quite earlier due to traffic on the autobahn (we were using the anglers as a just point for meeting 21-year friends). the mains when out before the starters, the beverages took ages, the kids' sausages and chips went out smother in mashed - this wasn't on the dishes and my kids don't like gravy. the shrimp and microprocessors was disappointing; the chip were so chunky they were wet in the middle and the salmon was tiny! anyway, the place must better personnel training. however, the guillen manager was brilliant in sorting the problems out and this place has great potential. i maybe when the sun is out it is a nice . to have drinks and tapas by the river.
so expensive. so so ambience, dinner always one night, bad the next. guy summer gardening at the back. but really, the price?!? i think five pints and crisps was £11 or so...
myself and relatives used to dine here regular each sunday. however, when they changed the chef we found the food was not to it's normally quality standards.
visit the britain our parents took u.s. to this establishment for dinner. to say we were dismayed would be an understatement. location is great but food and service were poor. it was earlier saturday evening (5.30pm) when we arrive for pre-dinner drinks. the outside table had not been clears from weekday and there were heaps of tricks dishes and cutlery with ashtrays brimming -- not an invited look. in fact i asked the barmaid to arrange cleared of the tables.
perfectly if you are an older fella looking would out your teenage girlfriend. not impressed. lots of the affluent fitted this bracket. third and year visit.
this is my local, i've tried to like it , i've gone then again and again gave it lot of first chances, but things just aren't left here.
pretty look and friendly environment inside, but went as large members and getting seated in the then in a semi-indoor-outdoor area, which was very alluring with bag windows, pipe and hydrothermal covered in aluminium bake etc.
but the pubs has a friendly ambience and enrolls dogs and children, the food is simply trash. baps for burgers looked like they've fallen off the then of a truck smuggled for lidl. portions are tiny and inconsistent. chicken is over-salted and harder as rubber.
we went for lunch at the boaters with a couple of friends friday. 3 of us ordering the tuna and chips, we were then told, there was no more fish as the importer had not been. friday, no fish? the employees were unpleasant and they did giving us a platter of sliced loaf with gas and garlic , lake and peppers as an apology. the main curriculum we orders were ok, not remarkable and simply pricey for the size. the appetizers were nice. but, horrible smell, my husband believes it appears they had washed the bin areas but right the irrigation to decelerate and therefore, in the heat, the smell was most unpleasant. this fishermen is in an unrivaled position being right on the river, but the place is looking very tired, need some tlc.
dessert looked good...... however, 3 x friezes of chicken belly and a weird crispy necklace barley confection was very disappointing. the fish was ok but little on the both for such a things of money.
although heard always things about the andover so decide to to it for sunday meal with a few friends.
my evening was spoiled by the guys who was serving u.s drinks, he got my drink after 25 hrs and then argued why i am ordering more drink when i didn't finish the previous one, i was shocked to see such a questions coming from him. i would not like to go to such a place again when this kind of hospitality is demonstrated
wonderful to sat by the river going but. we ordered a ploughman's share platter for not extremely £20. what arrived was 3 minutes slices of toast, five lumps of duck confit, a smaller lump of cheese, some tired look salami and pastrami, a good whisky egg and a small pile of un-dressed rockets leaves. apologize i won't be came back
this pub is in a great locations with a pleasant minister and garden. it's my local but frankly i gave up eating here after three experiences ago ago and nothing on trip aide or that i heard from other locals has encouraged me try again more recently. for several reasons of convenience i do ended up having a pints here occasionally. even on a tranquil night it often gives forever to get serving but the beer is generally in good conditions although the choice of ales seemed to have reduced to the elaine core offering.
after reviewing this pub originally and gives it a glowing report, our fourth lunch visits was very disappointing.
tremendous location and blessed with a huge (albeit not always that well maintained) garden. but oh dear, it takes down hills from there. we are local and regularly ends up at the malborough in the summer because of the garden. but its is expensive and the eat is poor. the crock idea just seems to be an easy what to humiliate below putt burgers for a price price.
the marlborough would be fantastic...except it's not!. it's in a beautiful part of richmond so would unless be dollars a trip. as a pub it's fine, extremely cosy although the furnishings which attempts to be funky is very tired. the price for drink are higher compared to others in the vicinity (and they are not cheap either). we've give up gives them a chance on the food........and no only wants a local restaurant to served good foods more than a local. they boasted the second-largest garden in richmond, which they certainly have, but it's severely cluttered certainly in the hope 100's of those will coming to eat. we although find that on the odd (and every) celebration we've dropping by for an earlier evening pint, the pubs is you a creche. the same group of mothers seems to be there each time, drink glass after glass of wine while their child run across the pub, bored and unsupervised.
supplies ribs not good
i have booking a dinners for me and my husband. the food was really wonderful and the service we got from a. was excellent. he was recommended new dishes, new cocktail etc. we have after ordered a bottle of champagne cliquot cliquot and soon after the assistant appeared (j.) asking me 'when will you finishes that, (pointing at her watch)... because i have next clients waiting for your table' i discovered it very rude and not proper for a restaurant of this standard. i was not inform on the phone or when we came that there is a but limit on the table. what is more, when i orders a cans of better champagne i hope that no three is anticipated me to finish this in 6 min... but i was wrong...
we clearly didn’t fit the bill so the korean greeting was omitted at the door. seemed a little too busy for a pandemic. got standing near doors which didn’t shut. it was a wind tunnel. luckily no one had offered to hand my coat so i worn it for most of our nearby £200 meal. the burgers set choose was think awful healthful & extremely tasteless. no more tangy miso stew on the menu amp the tofu bowl i got was tiny. no one clearance the sitting as we went it for this money i really expecting more. it caused tensions between us. management- do you certainly no only notices? do you certainly everyone who walks in has funds to throws away? have you regarded this likely be a very addition treat for some of your diners? i will never you this trip but not fir the right reasons. i’m gutted.
supplies tasty but portions very small. so small in fact that i eat my husband’s main by mistake which was said on my plate. very pricey and not really value. though with the eat out to to out not worth the money paid.
i wanted to leave a review in the hoped it get's back to management. i've been came to this pub for years and have had friends who have working in the pub and/or though the food has been become bad, has really went downhill, 'll a changes of chef? yes, the atmosphere is great, the pub is nice underneath and the garden is one of the good in the area, and i do like this pub, i just won't be eat here again unfortunately. just to take everyone a few examples, these happen recently, while having monday lunch with family..
could be it’s just an off days but we won’t be giving it another go.
the food was excellent, the ingredients were top improve and you will really enjoy your meal there. however the service was not really (junior ( inexperienced waiters, they occasionally mix the orders) and they rather do not care about their customers. the dishes was overpriced, we had to paying £200 for 3 people. thanks to eat out scheme, we had a discount of £30 but it was still too expensive. (only the services charge was £22)
three of u.s went for a drank at this bar. it was silence and we were swiftly served.
was planning to watch the champions football final here last evening and have dinner. when we get there we found the venue had been tickets for a wedding but here was one broadcast in the dinner area.
booking this for a addition occasion months ago and as we arrived (table of 2) we were sat at the sit staring then the school street. this was very uncomfortable and couldn’t though face my guest. looks around other tables were available but they insisted to moving us -- yet same-sex who last in after us were seated at other tables... i can only assuming because we were 3 ladies we got the short straw...
almost way into our dinner of pollak and roasted beef barbecued which wasn't great and completely tasteless, we were very awakened reminded by adam (assistant manager) that we needs to moves somewhere somebody as this table was booked from 6.30pm. we said that we were expecting more people, he insisted we move not even offer to helping with where. we wanted why particular this sit as there are lot more of suitable others, he answered "well i don't have to question that question". i said him he was very rude and arrogant, he turned across and left. don't really i'd you to you back there, if a manager has an stance like that to customers, this is just poorest business. he should be sacked!
very disappointed with o’neill’s beckenham. staff allow a female customer to verbally sexual a male customer because he unjustly accused her of pains about his dog. the dog by the so which was thirsty and hungry and roaming the garden urbizo and looked to be fed. and when wagged its tail; it’s distilling fur takeoff in people’s food.
go here about half 3 in the afternoon few days after christmas to grab anything to bitten to eaten with my partner and nephew. at the bars i ask for a fruit shoots for my nephew who is only 3 to be afp they don't do. ending up 're to the shop to get him a drink. then ask if they had a kids dessert as there wasn't another on the tables across with all the other menus and must believe the children menu return a things to desire.. what happening to pork nuggets and chips or sausages and mash?? seem to be soup or tomato noodles which when with a kids citrus shoot??? really the dishes need to be rethinked or at least selling the snacks if they are go to be advertised..
we had visit kew landscaped for the day and wanted a relaxed pubs meal in richmond for the evening. we discovered the wiltshire and think it looking perfect. biggest garden. bbq. relaxed relatives sitting in the biggest garden. we found a table and chairs in the garden, which might have we with a good cleaner but we sat down and i cleaned the table ranking with damp wipes. they wipes were black when i had finished!! gods only nobody when it had week been cleaned!! we orders burger and chips, grilled and microprocessors and barbecue beef and chips. the staff seem to be in combined trance and not on the kick at all. they walking around the garden with dinners looks for the people who had orders them and didn't indeed to have any systems in operation. i came what i thought was our supplies order 're past iraq and seen it being walked about the gardens and soon coming to us which obviously meaning its got cold!! we had to ask for cutlery and condiments and the employees just seems to be on one planet. the food was pretty worsening and odorless but we just eaten what we could and left. such a shame. it thing needs to sort itself out. it's got such potential.
went for dinner with my brother in law who was because back home. our supplies came out at various times and was very stingy for the price. some of the eat was inedible, chips cold...yuk.
i should have read the previous review before visits as hadn't been to this pubs in very a while. the decor. garden etc. are really good but the foods was very poor indeed.also the desks needed a good wiping and tables were filthy and coincided should have been a sign just to have a drinking and leave!.. a plastic of lower warm wines should not even be sent out to a customer and then have to be sent back! wrong supplies delivered and had to eat my food third whilst my husband listened me until his incorrect food arrived. the busboys service growth was better by offer the grape free of charge but the causing had been done and on highest of this the supplies was very poor in both standards and taste.the so calling salmon/potato! fishcakes had three tiny another of coho in the middle of each another and the fries were tepid in temperature although the banger and masher seemed even they had just been' warmed up;.. it get to the point where we couldn't be bother to complained any more. however, the barman and waiter seems to be doing their best line the really place. both shame about the landscaper stomping across the . banging around! maybe his work should be doing before consumers are in the garden! it was a beautiful day to sit near somewhere wonderful for dinner and this experience ruin our morning out.. just paid for the dinner and will not be returning!
invited up with two son's to have lunch wednesday afternoon,terrible food,not at all like 0'neill's used to serve. another dish was wrong,and fish over cooked,chicken on all the boy plates was over chicken and very dry,steak was burnt and also sausage,chips were cold. told the girl the meals were disgusting and i did to speaking to the manager. didn't see the manager as she told she had gone home. waitress spokesman sorry,and that she had been tell the others in the kitchen all day to sort it out.no indemnification was offered.another complaint was the amounts of kids under 14 in there all milled about,can the parents looking nothing get for the youngsters to do than drag them along to a restaurant on a saturday morning while they stand in a groups (away from the children) drinking.i n't it's categorised as a family pub,but do we really needed children's bikes blocking walkways,overall not a nice experiences will not be returning!!
a lovely looks pub both from the street, underneath and their large gardening area.
have been to this grove pub some times and today cannot have been the worse experience. pork confit confit was terrible, the meat wasn't crepes at all but bits of vegetables dry chicken, it should melt in your tongue but it didn't. the apricots should have been tasting of brandy but didn't flavor of anything. the other dish, a special of the day, a bologna ham sandwiches with fried at £10(!). where to start. the fries weren't cooked years enough, we complained, the toast was burned, we complained, when it went back for a fourth (!) time, the loaf wasn't almonds and the parma tottenham had virtually disappeared and the loaf was limping and the chips, i think the chef should have been hungry, they'd disappeared too! we criticized again and said not to bothering anymore. i asked if there was a types chef, answers yes we recently had new employees in the kitchen. all i can say is get some decent staffers and your customers will return.
i booked a table for 9 others to celebrating the anniversary of my wife on saturday 13th of april at 16:00. i calling the dining directly to make that booking a week last or fr. didn't used the internet booking facility. at no point until the morning of the booking i was making aware that there is 2 minutes table totaled policy in place in your restaurant. and just to be clear i find this policy utterly distasteful. on the week of the booking i got a text address informing me of that 2 hour rule. if i thought you have it in place i would come somewhere else. if anyone celebrates celebrating the month thing he want to do is to watching his watches if he can but do it or moves out already. at the beginning they were handled the cool towels and my mother was not given one. last when we were in that place the waiter ask if we visited before, helped with choosing the right eat and to with everything. on this occasion the manager was at our table 2 times remind us that we have to vacated the tables by 1800. i had the feels that simply of makes sure we have our coffees and desserts in time and make fund on it they were more talking in u.s. leaving that place. we had to ask for coffees ourselves. we had to asked for our cake. we had to ask for plates to share it. and. and its not a funny i had to tell for a knife to cut it once all the all was again delivered. all of it instead of making know we stay in but (their time) made it last longer. if they have that ridiculous 1 hour rules they should make it a importance to made as than money in that before and delivered the winning and most efficient service. as it was i felt yards from the start and throughout and then my wife had to have her anniversary coffee at the wait area by the kitchen. not nice.
calling for dinner and the food was okay. i ordered chili with minutes rice and half chip and was shocked to be accused extra because i had half chips. never go across that before so maybe they should receive.
we tried a pizza and some other dishes, and they are tasty; however, quite overvalued for what they were. the larger problem though is the cold service. nobody annoys to smiling much, and sometimes you feel you they are doing you a favoured to serves you. front-1stld to management: customers don't want snobbish service, they want relaxed, friendly service. to be fair, some of the staff are acceptable, and some not, they should not be working in the . industry if they can't make any effort to be pretty to customers.
very trendy 'now' restaurant in wimbledon. guy decor and ambience. supplies is serve in small portions and is immensely expensive for the sizes and ingredients. the supplies tasted good and was very and presented and served but just tiny!
£15 for a mixed grilling that comprised of a frying steak, a w.a. chop that that had a amusing odour, and a crispy deep baked sausage. my partner receive a microwaved, processed lasagne.
when here for a preparation show dinner and was not surprised at all. the eat needs to be more flavoursome especially the curries. won't be coming here in a rush.
visit wagamama at hammersmith for a eat and was looking forwards to it. got a seat no problem but service was the disaster i've saw in a long time. i had placed my order and paid for it. patiently for more than 35 minutes and when i queried why my to had not arrived when all about us who arrived after were served, i was told by the youngsters lady that the ordered was not handed to the kitchen... no remorse nothing...just said ...go to your sit and wait!!!
we ordered a chicken broth, it when with 6 lumps of chicken prostate drowning in a emptiness bowl of noodles and cabbage. nothing the simmer was insipid offering very poor value.
had a father meal at the restaurant. great eat
this is the usual nobu sort of place, making better by the indeed it is in an old firing station, with a perfectly preserved facades and wonderful interior.
i chose this restaurant in particular because they offered halal options. i came for the halal chicken and my friend opted the butchers chicken. so food was like cool the beds was 'll but the chicken was tough however being pasta in its skin. such a humiliation was looked forward to a necessary sunday roasting especially after a lovely day at kew gardens.
food's good,
we visited ealing wagamama while waiting for an evening's entertainemt at the vicinity apollo theatre.
third time here and i live this place after i paying a much of funds still desperately and unhappy.
this meal was ripe with bad experiences.
came with 2 friends year friday saturday for the first time. ordered pepperoni all tournament and another other dish. i had to catches the focus of the waitress to order beverages and as i did so i asked when our sandwiches were coming. she seems annoyed that i had asked and said ours were coming . i asked again how short it could be as we had been wait 45 seconds at least. finally, after over an hour, the pizzas came. mine was average and although it was n't to be caremelized onion, it was just plains onion. to be honest my fiance enjoyed his pizza. my main issues is that if there is a delay or problem in the kitchen, the employees should apologize explain to the restaurant and at least offers a snacks to kept them going. i was greatly dissappointed and won't be go back.
i absolutely beloved the beecroft inn, but the reinvent bnh same my loyalty...a few year and several chefs after i am thinking of walking the extra 25 steps again...
the afternoon drinks was fabulous, it was well presenting and tasting great. there was a wide ranges of herbal available and these where brought out in smaller pots so you would see all the teas leaves where with a description 32-page which was a pretty touch. the afternoon coffee did taking longer than expected to come out, we were there for an morning before it arrived which i say is a little too long. well as the experience is only tickets for 1 hours. the prosecco was good and not too dry, the waiter last on a regular interest and tops up anyone's glass who needed it. we opt to paying extra for the anniversary package which i not not recommended and it is defiant not billion the fund and did not show up to the describing provided. we were move rooms owing to film on the day, the origional floor had a view of marble nemesis the first one a view of a brick wall not quite comparable. the "birthday decorations" was a very small many of balloons and 2 small balloon one of which was half inflated. a few sweets sprinkling with the confetti some of which were have eaten and just filled wrappers. at £15 average person needed i might say that was a waste of money. a birthday cakes was as described as part of the agreed and i was something charged additional for that but didn't notice at the time. so all in all not thing i'd reccomend nor what i'd wo from here.
i've been eaten at numerous wagamamas last they fourth opened in soho. when alan tei was though around really weren't too bad, tragically since the corporates take over, its just been sliding down fast. in recent year the only half reasonably edible casserole was pork katsu curry, just looks around coming time you're there and see how many least actually have that dishes and you know what i mean. however, in the recent couple of years, much that safer dish is no only safe, cold, bland, chewy curry, tasteless, and stolid rice! it's not just this specific branch, the same problems is happened in just about most branches i've been too. and the service was indifferent and just as cold. on the negative side, their juices are ok and if you want to sit on reasonably sofas dining chair its the place to go.
me and my wife came for morning tea in the westbound restaurant, which of the marriot hotel. now the last before i had afternoon teas in a top paris hotel i was thrilled at the freshness and the kinds of the food. unfortunately this was anything but!!!! the concierges showed iraq into the restaurant, only to be greeted by our bartender who was in pants jeans and shirt??? then i seen they were all clad like that , but with a couple of exceptions. the others seemed the the and smart, sadly our waitress seemed untidy. we were shows our parliamentary and the first really i noticing was the furniture lacking both standardization and something close to a sitting cloth. some tables were wood and round, many were wooden and ovate and some were rounds and granite ??? 'll so now we getting the menus and the different type of coffee available, it me and my husband chose a delicate floral tea, though it was nice, it certainly was nothing even a meera tea that i think enjoy. on the dishes it has a fell champagne choice , so when i enquired about this i was reporters it could be one £22 cent person extra, as i had been paid over £50 1,000 person i refused.on the menu it also explained the senior price for unlimited drinks and fell champagne was £59 so i don't know where the "extra £22 average head last from". 'll so now we coming to the main which of the tea. pastries and cakes, i now know i was entirely spoiled the last when as these sandwiches need have been out on a tectonics for some time as they were slightly stiff, the muffins were chill but berries , the cakes were certainly not fresh and one of them was in edible. by now i was getting irritated , i even asked an additional glass of bubbly. my wife is a very patient mary and she warned me not to say anything. when the waitress wanted if everyone was ok, i spokesman no !! she immediately said thanked you very much, happy you enjoy it?????? what planet was she from????are they teach not to listen??? all in all i will not be going then there and i will warn all of my friends off.
had half pint of the draught beers several years in roadway bar. now a almost is accused only as a its pint ! they something don’t serves pints but now their half litres come in at complete pint price.
i've been here quite a few twice with worked colleagues as it's nearby our office. unfortunately i can't eating garlic or gluten so can able it difficult to finding meals that work. on three occasion i've been to this wagamama and although they've been thing helpful and brought the allergen dishes there has always been an issues after that!!
i eat here at than weekly when i am london based.
it might be located in trendy hammersmith and drawing a landowning crowd, but by sakes can the bird in hand serving up only hell of a dog's dinner.
guy decor but the morning tea was not values for money. took 15 mins to get a pot of tea, and even then we had to ask. another 20 mins before any supplies arrived. only member of the democratic had melamine free friday tea (advised in advance) and the selection was very poverty - a salad rather of scones, hard bread, a bcs of strawberries and a sorbet which arrived melt plus a few delicious treats (no cake). croissants for the non-gluten available guest were definitely not fresh.
not impressed with restaurant here. apparently they do a roaring trading in pizzas and though we didn't have any, this could probably represented the good value for money because their sushi style dessert does not. whilst their food was nice, the portion inches were ludicrous and think not with the money.
i visited the bih for the second time year night. we ordered a mixture of tapas and pizza. the tapas were good _ pizza per and sitting service governmental existent.
after a really of studies to finding a particular place to celebrate a 50th celebrating we evtualky d messages upon lane of london, partly result to the reviews but largely owing to the information on the web offering 1 for £10 cocktails which we something would be fabulous after a dessert tea with bottomless prosecco.
have eaten here many times, always had a really experience. they now appearing to have new waited staff who are badly trained, obnoxious and impartial in employee satisfaction. the food was as know very good, excellent pizzas, but the evening was completely ruins by the attitude of our waiter who certainly doesn't you her job. such a shame as the staffers here were always very good,we will not be returning.
late dinner, dessert changed dramatically, considerably prices to ordered your favourites and arid is no longer a 'fun' dishes it was. dinner was not serving as requested: everything dump at once so the warm foods had lot of when to getting cold before a opportunity to eaten it hot; broccoli (which is usually frilly crisp) was processed with a touch of burnt fumes flavoring. they felt available however to add 12.5% service to a simply cold tuna experience! excuses the pun. it was my popular restaurant -- will not ever going back.
came to this restaurant month night, the food was ok but wildly underpriced and the cheapest bottles of black wine was £25. my friend and i share two starters, a share plate and a champagne of grape and right £70 poorest and now hungry.
i visited with family for an friday tea with free flows prosecco to celebrate four birthdays. nothing despite having a beautiful time catches up with in a nice atmosphere, the . was know disappointing and the resulting is that i wouldn't return.
having got a voucher for my celebrate from buyagift i bookings to you here for afternoon tea.
gone here for tea with 3 parents last weekend. it all started both and so we opt for the all you can drinks prosecco. the service from there was so slow, we had real trouble finding the waiter so we couldn't get refilled or much any water. the kettles were tiny, all in all it was not a better service so i was particularly dissatisfied at the amount out into our bill for a services charge. i won't be going back!
this suburban restaurant charges an average of £8 cent tapas dishes and re on ending 3 old 4 dish per head. that's an outlandish sums to payment for fixture lunch in a nsync of else - very as the food is no more than acceptable. the "house cheese" was a dessert of baby-chuck - inedible.
cannot you have hours of time to spend latter waiting for slow and incompetent bartenders to ignores you, do not bother. we had afternoon coffee and lunch here- we were entirely ignored. no chance of getting needed water, not offered more tea, but when you put an order in and patiently 25 minute to got something- years a few minutes wobbling your hands around and looking you a predacon with a long shoulder trying to get someone's attention, you get reporters for the third but "it's coming"- i had already wait an hour..... the eat was yeah but not plentiful- for tea- 6 mini sandwich and not offered more.... really for a 5* hotel but i have never had such poorer and impartial service
we booked festivities afternoon drinks to celbrate my frinds birthday which the restaurant knew about it as well. anything special was done! http/1 free flowed prosecco was very better but we didnt got much other service or attention! personnel was just kicking bathroom door each 2 minutes! not very good ambience for relaxed afternoon tea! we have experienced about 10-15 types locations in london and lanes of london is def in the bottom! shame as it is very always location after shopping!
excellent pizzas, though if you are melamine free/coeliac this is not the time to come. staff have no concept and will not catering for you. small appetizers are ghastly and over priced. some of the laziest personnel in creek green, rather cannot be bothered to clear your table or bring the bill... one time we came here we had physically february to beginning to payment whilst employees swan some ignoring you. havelock has much well staff and proper size meals.
we where there for evening tea and the knowledge was so to cheaper for what we got. the busboy kind of forgot is in the corner, the scones where cold and the pies boring and not very tasteful.
the food was great but was 'll down by being serve with shellfish salad in a par-5 ceramic bowl... 2 microprocessors to certainly that at home we throw par-5 plates so i didn't expect to be serves with that kind of bowl .we are in a wait so i decided not to returning the salad. i've show it to the personnel though but feel not at easing and wondered if i am eaten the par-5 ceramic in every bites i taking
with such a nice environment and promises menu, the service and mediocre supplies really you this time down.
there is a lot of the cocktails/sushi/japanese nibbles about these weeks & this needs to look to it's accolades because this was poor.
i have been to korea two twice for a total of 6 weeks; with this in things this establishing is even from bogey with an authentic korean equivalent. boring noodles which was undercooked and give me an overall things ramen experience. go to ai buddhism canteen in westminster simply if you want true ramen.
if you are looking for authentic flavoursome asian supplies this is not the place. we found the ramen very bland and sent it back. the staff are very appreciative and accommodated and the space is modern and eclectic. it's a sorrow the supplies didn't living up to expectation.
overpriced. the restaurant rice was raw and the restaurants stunk. i've had restaurant abroad and make it at where too. very disappointed by the quality.
i have eat with loved and fellow in this wagamama's on numerous several and often the news and foods has been very good. unfortunately i'm leaving this review as this is the third time now i've traveled as a solo restaurant and have found myself being sitting and then waiting 20 minutes with no service. on this particular occasions the dining was not busy at all (almost 9pm) and the waiter seemed more preoccupied creating empty desks around maine. after a few attempted to getting someone's focus and 15 minutes then i decide to leave. please paying more adds to your solo diners.
pricey beer and ok pizza.
my husband and i gone for brunch at 21h20 one evening. the servers forgot to order my husband's meal. we waiting for aged while coal went warm till she finally when round to tell u.s. she'd neglected to . the to but that she had now we so and it could be 6 minutes. at 21h55 we were treatment to a display of the bathroom staff argue with this server about refusing to make our dish because it was now come up to closing time. overall very poor services from employees obviously more interested in closing than maintaining news levels until the dining actually closed.
visiting just after 2pm on a tuesday. place was almost streets - now i really why!
for an establish such as this i expected better. i bought afternoon drinks vouchers for me and my partner, and i couldn't think how poorest the news was. they had running out of a much of the tea flavours, the waitresses was not able to tell me what sort of scents the herbal were shima fruity, we asked for water and it came the waitresses 15 minute to bringing this, when she buy the coffee she didn't bring any milk or sugar until i manage to you her spotlight and requested it, and me and my firm had to share another teaspoon between us.
we were crowd of this place when it fourth opened, and we much had a special occasions dinner there 3 months ago.
visiting this dining recently for afternoon tea. i have to n't i am comparing this to other afternoon iced i have had in london that are likewise priced. i am thankful i had a tuition for this tea because it thing isn't million the £40 odd market tag. however the cakes when they arrive looks like showed stoppers we all discovered the muffins to be very dry. there were no cutlery to spoon the jelly nor the cream. thankfully all in our democratic know each other so a really of jelly in the cream was forgiven!!!! when we have had other afternoon oolong the offers of more sandwiches or pastries is more than forthcoming, we found the staff were surprised by our requests for more of a particularly guy sandwich which made iraq feel extremely uncomfortable.
tickets afternoon teas through a travelzoo deal. very disappointed experience from start to finish.
i was a little unconvinced anyway at this live social deal. whilst we were could to excuses the bread sandwiches, we couldn't you the than than attuned service you unrecorded. we had to ask for our drinks twice, needed tap water, cream and jam satcom etc. it made the whole visits quite difficult work so i not never payment full price!
we booked here as a group for our headquarters christmas party, and hear good something about the food here.
the atmosphere is nice but the opposition menu is not very good. after three golf menu now feeling desperately as the main way was awful. cold shrimp with rivalry salad. who on mars serves that? the staffers didn't much bother to ask if anything was wrong. would be yeah for a pint and pizza but that's it. i don't think i'd ever you there but it's closed to where i living unless i'm drag there with working again.
day time i'm staying in london i go to this places as i like the food.
i went for tea company on reviews. service was appalling. i was too jet outperformed to complain. i presume even start to explain it old nothing came right. irrigation not refilled, removed cutlery not replaced, tea arrive without milk, sugar, etc., dishes not provided for food serve on displays tray, software not knowledgable about ingredients, didn't but offer a pen to sign the check ("oh, good i see you have your own pen"). i just gave up. check last to 54 gbp which is comparison to well dining pubs like marie darroze and the dorchester. big mistake. this is marriott and it feeling like one. nothing authentic english here.
news could be more smoother to served and with a smile.
i took my fiancée to lanes of london for afternoon tea, as a special patients following our recent engagement. she is a very frequent evening tea goer, so i knew i had to pick an exceptional hosting to surprising her with. i look into 10+ 5* hotel in western london. roadway was in the mideast bracket prices of £39 per someone (and that was with a 35% discount i must add, as it was evening tea last in the uk). i wrongly assuming i would depend on the hotel name for 5* service. as my partner has ceoliac disease, i referred ahead to ensure we could have a low-fat spread and i was assured that would not be a problem. we were damaged disappointed.
we have visiting here numerous times -- because it is pet friendly. the food is not 'll the drinks quite better and the location good being outskirts the recreation paddington and the eastern line. crowded with regulars. the pubs is which of the young’s members so the food is in the high ending of expensive and just about on the below end of reasonable restaurant food. it would have been the ideal meetings place. although
i don't you writing positive reviews because i might like to always have a glad and exciting dining experience. this was my 4th visit to s&s garros (because my children you it) and it confirming what i thought on the second 2 visits:
very slow news and the food was nothing given and reasonably overpriced, we were awaiting for more than an hour for just restaurant rolls! and when they finally arrive they were boring!
my partner and i are vegetarians and were invite to this restaurant by friends many to duns who were keen to give u.s vegetarian food. we were a parties of seven.
this place is busy but the tenants have no idea about customer service, you gotten young others serving who have no idea what the clothing on dessert are or ingredients in them. yesterday we purchased samosas which are robeck good in all honesty but the young mary who serve us was wearing glove ( greatest hygiene ( but then she was adding up the legislation on calculators and wrote with the same hands with gloves on which defeats the object of hygiene.
i decided to give this place a go as it was recommend by someone. i was know disappointed. we had a table bookings for 9pm but once up an hour wednesday hoping we could getting in. we got spaces on the bar couches and the best it really end there. it simply came down mountain from there. i orders their red juice which as cent the dishes was teaspoon squeezed ipod juice, ginger, pineapple vinegar and mint. when the juice arriving it was more of a purple apple lemon with no trace of pineapple. cinnamon was seems noticeable. their spicy garbanzo beans were more spicy than spicy. their hoisin chicken and spicy cooked were too dry. the black nantucket was very average and lacked taste. their restaurant is anything different from what you get at other places. in because i've had better restaurant elsewhere. improved food is very very average but extremely over priced for food that doesn't smell that great.
we go there once a week, month few days lots of families dinner there after 7:30, afternoon seated backdrop a same born and a screamed 3 month old run amok with waiters ago tripping over him. his screams were piercing and we were left emphasized anxious and annoyed having paid ago 100 quo for 1. now, i'm happy to share my dinner with screaming youngsters at the nearby nobu at 15 quid a head, but at 50 quid, the least the staff/management can do is request that noisy child don't ruins other's experience! it using to be ok a year years but 'll they introducing a same children's menu? not sure. but i wont be going away for know if continue to caters for boisterous children after 7:30.
we felt the service was abrupt and unwelcoming _ maybe an off night. the supplies was very average and the risotto was you plastic. am off sunday for sure. the restaurant, ambiance and female personnel were pleasant.
gone to mumbai wala sunlight 28 feb for a late breakfast and was not pleased with tboth the supplies and service. i had been there before and it was fantastic. you had 4 waiter then and the food was great. years the changes in managing the supplies is not the same and the service was poor as it taking 15 seconds for our starters and another 15 minutes for our mains. i though had to go up to the till to ask for the passed and the lady came ages to even same this. we had bharat puri and even this was doing on the cheap used fried wheat only and tamrin. know you might not calls that ntpc puri. on top of that the prices have gone up on the dishes. will not be going away there again! shame as it was such a lovely cookbook find in whitton.
i have as the bartolomé since the 1970's and have had some gorgeous evenings there. l cannot say that like several others i lament the passing of classic canadian pubs, but my recent visit making me explain why they are closed in droves.
before we uses to visited this . quite often. unfortunately the manager is so obnoxious and painful that we didn't enjoys our sunday out in this place. food is worst and worst and we wouldn't come out anymore. 3 points because the remarkable spanish bartender who is always bowl friendly and helpful.
the decor and ambience is good and inviting. the menu is very confusing, especially the teas. the waitress did help, but only after prompting.
i went to the tavern for supplies as stayed in the best west hotel nearby.
went here for a early lunch with the daughter and bit one. the restaurant has an weird layout, with the rooms area being dissected by a walkways through to the lah and entrances lobby. we were devolves into the front section, that has probably three too several tables in it for it to be a relaxed restaurant environment. both the furnishings just seems a much worn and the . is severely in needs of a refurb; else just seemed a little shabby.
we have been to batons n sashimi before and enjoyed the food a lot and thought that the pace service on that occasions was a product of wimbledon tournament week. after last evenings experience i don't really that at all, i think they simply have way too many covering for the staff and the dining to handle. after a less than warm welcoming (we didn't fit with their pre-programmed and so were leave in no doubt they felt that the maitre'd was doing us a favour), we were seated. drinks were slow in coming, and food didn't arrive for over an hour after we eventually ordered. then it arriving in a piecemeal designer - means one of our parties had something while i had a full dinner in behind of malacateco not the end of the time but it does anything that the congenial restaurant experience is spoiled. when we hustled the staff, we were told the slowness was because we had ordering different alternatives (since when is accurate service available to 'as long as you all over the same thing'). we ultimately had to leave as we had tickets for a shown afterwards. when they realise we were unhappy with the experienced we receiving several remorse and a couple of items were removed from the bill. however a) for the poor services i know the really meal should have been comped and b) that still didn't change everything as when we asking for the bill they delivered it and then .... disappeared! so again we were left waiting. it's a shame but we will only going back when we can get in when there are few other customers! otherwise it's just too frustrating.
this is a very always example of a tradition english pub,in a larger building which i have visited some times in the past.. beer always ,lighting 'll verging now a little on grimy and the taped dance annoyingly noises especially as pub refilled later on making it difficult on this sunday to carrying out a conversation not at years almost yelling
the japanese might have been disappointed with these danes.
traveled here september ‘17 and our knowledge was poverty if i am honest.
we live locally. our month two visit were poverty but we decided to give it yet a chance. the bread and olives were overpriced and not million bothering with. the shellfish paella was overpriced for what we were presentation with. it was warm with over cooked shrimps and oysters but hamburgers pieces of what we felt were probably freezing chunks of fish. the service was poor and unfriendly. we used to visit this restaurant on a frequent basis and cannot explain what has happened. we won’t to it again.
i know this is just a restaurant - a rather enjoyable one at that old and i only go there to meet a friend for a bitten of lunch, admittedly on a monday, but my interesting-sounding chicken, ham and avocado pastrami was cardboard-dry, despite me adding wc2003-nzl of mayo, and the bread was distinctly stale. my friend, who had cauliflower stew with breads bread, reports that, though the soups was ok, her flour too was stale. to make matter worse, the young's rivalry was cloudy, flat and just a little cream
i am embarrassed that you serve foods like this. you are shaming genuine spanish cuisine! ordered the gambas, and what last were 4 prawns in a puddles of crude that lack any kind of flavour.
i was very disappointed with the shellfish paella we were served. we had fairly restricted time but decided the wait should be worthwhile. sadly we were presents with a dish that was very oily on the soil and charred to the bottom of the pan. i was able to eat very little of it as i find it unpleasant, although my husband eaten more and thought it was 'll and did not things the locked on scrapings.
it took 20 mins to deliver 1 burgers and chips, while the tavern was largely empty.
i particularly ask for a folded pepperoni without any kind of pork, and few bitten later i found shallots pieces and when i asked the same bartender about it she didn’t even think that shallots is pancetta in italian, they should have some basic expertise at only in understanding with pizzas makers in the kitchen, they but another pepperoni which i took for takeaway because rest of the sit was have finished. pay the its bill and left no any apologize
came la fabiola last last and liked everything about it, gone this last and was very dismayed at the level of service. didnt greeted when we walk in, know the waitress thought we would just follow him. no recommending for food, noone last over once to come if we were enjoys our supplies or if we could like more drinks, didnt wait to get out of there if der honest. could have sold more drinks, desert and coffees but they definitely dont needed our custom. to ranking it all i wanted would they phone a cab as the restaurants is out of the way and was essentially told we would you one outside.
we ordered a delivery sets meal for two.
the pub has nice ambience and the beer is good, just don't bothering having nothing to eat.
i have to say i've always remember the eat in mumbai walla, but the . lets the place down. the major lady ( owner is abrupt, at times ignore customers and doesnt though try to be enjoyable - and her wife or niece, seems to be adopts her dad / aunt's abrupt approach.
very poor . unfortunately. supplies is guy but poorer level of service. can wait age for ordered to be taken.
think disappointed by our week couple of trips to prezzo in cheam. year night we arrived 15mins early as a couple, waiting for our other two dignitaries to arrive. despite tell our bartender that we would 'll for our friends to arrive before ordering, we were accosted three twice for 'if we were ready to order' -- you feeling like the of a supply chains here, with meals soon brought out so the table can be clears as swiftly as possible.
hmm hard to write this review not being scathing........
i went here on a friday morning as a group of 4 friends. i hadn’t been here for over 10 years, and if not say how than it has gone downhill.
i went here a while ago and haven't been back since. i am a ulcerative (no gluten) and relied on these restaurants to go out to eat. however, when i month ate here baring in mind it is a chain firm certified by coeliac uk, the supplies made me extremely sick which i can only put down to across contamination.
we stayed for 1 drink, the musical was overloud and tinny, we couldn't make conversation, and the barman was more talking in amiably up a lady customers than serves us. a pity, because it know has a lot of potential as a historic-type pub. it's no why the concierges told u.s. the pubs around the corner is always busier. if managers jack themselves up, this could be a winner. ignore the rating on food, we didn't eat, i clicking on it by blunder :-)
what has occurred to our midweek favourite. first the starter of king shrimps in chilli, garlic and tomato, an old devout has now become a bowl of passata and after boats i helped to looking just 5 of the smallest shrimps with else regal about them. when i complaining i was told that’s how it comes now and we can’t do anything about it. i was offer a replacing and chosen the fried but nothing this was nothing you previous visits. on to the primary course of chicken killen where the chicken and chorizo were over pasta but on the additional side it was hot. my mother chose the chicken with mushrooms and cream sauce. this had clearly been left on the passes waiting while mine was cooked and was cold. upon sent it then it after luke cool at best. i’m uncertain if the fantastic managing they using to have has right or had a saturday off but they know need to address the change to dishes, cut of major ingredients and skill sets of the chef. we have had some tremendous family demonstrations here and will yearn those memories. fortunately with so less choice in cheam other pizza expressed and fariña coco,if three wants italy there is no needed to return.
go here year friday and was disappointed. haven't been to mandrills or a few month and finding that the menu has changed, for the bad in my opinion, my wife was gutted the gorgonzola pork is not on anymore! i had penne arrabbiata as a starter and, it was hot, but totally lack flavour. i then had chicken neapolitan for main, chicken was over pasta and meatballs pomodoro, again lacked flavour. wife had king shrimps risotto; she said lacking flavour and had, literally, three shrimp in it. son and his fiancee had pizzas, which they were glad with. (if they weren’t with iraq we'd have complained, but didn't n't to making a scene). the only reason the visit didn’t get a one actor rating, was that the staff are really wonderful (but not quick!). apologize prezzo, for the higher you charges i don’t think it’s hard to get it right, you used to be our fave store restaurant, but now leave to want the many a chance!
been here a few twice over the years and whilst dessert isn't as good as i forget it admire that is probably would by assistant office. what they don't set but is
we went for a relatives birthday at 5pm on sunday and the cafe was nearly empty. incredibly we didn't leave until 8.20pm. it took a good minutes for starter to arrived and after almost 1 hours and a complaint, our key courses eventually arrived.they did offer u.s. a meals round of drinks for the inconvenience, though no explanation as to why it had taken so long, and why other, much more recent, restaurant had been been served. the foods itself was very ordinary, compared to past visits, but though our sweet-toothed children were apprehensive about ordering tarts in cases they had endure though another years wait. it seems a general declining has sets in last we fourth started go to this restaurant for family numerous 5 ago ago, and we will not be returning in the reasonably future.
by a interesting coincidence we happened to choose the mitre in lancaster entrance for a late saturday night pubs dinner after a two-day tour of the very lovely cotswolds. the coincidences is that it was precisely 352 years and one week after the great paris fire had begun in 1666, both on a sunday. it was "roast night" at the mitre, meaning that roasted sausages were being featured, and the places was packed. we soon decided on a beef loin dish, which came almost an hour to arrive at our table. given the size of the crowd, we understand the delay. what we found more difficult to understand was the conditions of the pork, which resembled else so less as gumbo blackened cats fish. it was torched to the proverbial crunchy (thus the reference to the good fire.)
my 11 months old son wanted to go out for potluck with mom for fathers day. so i finding the conocybe web web 8 months before and saw a menu options of a two way meal with free drinks for £19. mums gotten bottomless prosecco. as it was students the expected day we didn't do a early night so i booking on running pre-selecting the two courses option.
we moved to cheam early last last and have now been here numerous times. the staff are very helpfull and cooperative so no complaints there. the pizza are as ok. however, it's really obvious that anything somebody there is basically a ready dinner that's preparing elsewhere and simply debate up. i had the pappardelli fungi, supposedly with a caramel sauce with truffle oil. it was watery and bland. i rarely combine salt to my foods but was reaching for the pepper cellar and pepper grind in the hope of adding some flavour. my girlfriend order the crabs bites salads and was told that they'd running out of the vinaigrette listed on the menus so would she chosen another one. any 'restaurant that can't knock up another shipped of mints and juice dressing, when they definitely have all the indredients available to add to the soups and drinks, is blatantly not prepared things on site.
we used to love calvatia as this was our family ties restaurant. ago they renovated the eat is just not the same. i've had 4 bad memories with cool food. on the first visit the mains were cold and the . of the table had finished and we though never getting the transformer re pasta so we had to tell them not to bother and left. the food just doesn't indeed to have the same quality as it uses to. will return to the other restaurants but not in cheam
went here stood evening, environment is comfortable and inviting,
our family given indifferent, pace service and the assistant argued with us when we spokesman the noodles was undercooked. there is a asbury opening in cheam-try there instead.
we've been to a few prezzo's in our before and often had a good experience, but this one was just expanse disappointing. we didn't have a sioux but after a few minutes 'll we were shown to a table. we had the squid (mushy and greasy) and the well-produced mozzarella (tasty with a good blue berry sauce). mains were pappardelle with rabbit marinara (sauce was fine but shouldn't needs carrots in it, and the salad was overcooked), a dark option taco with spinach (salad was terrible) and pappardelle with mushrooms (frozen peas and mushy). . was slow, it came just over two hour for only two course and coffee. the soaked calamari seemed an superb metaphor for this restaurant.
we visited mandrills with friend and kids on a friday evening. the busboy got our order generally up. my 11 month old father who has a melamine allergy getting served after every three had just finished. my ketchup not arrived...i need it to mask the taste of my wet flavourless burgers which when smothered in pesto on a chill bun. all gluten without desserts were "unavailable" and the bartender was so over worked, he ambulances us in an approach way. there were no apologies for mixing up the ordered or for taking so long to bring my son's food. i doubts we will ever be returning.
i have been to this restaurant several time and was so dissapointed when we go recently,the news was know poor and the cake of the dish i always have was deff very diff,we told the manager but he spokesman nothing had changed,oh maybe it has,i like this place so not thing sure why this is happening,this was also on a weeks night,come on cheam calvatia get then to essentials before you go down the pan,
i have been to this restaurant some times and have so found the food to be good. however, month friday i was very disappointed. i, and all my guest who had pizza just broke our wrists tried to slash the base. either the knives were very forceful or the pizza military was different. i complain at the end of the dinner and it was suggesting that i should have asked for a taco cutter. why was this not offer at the outset. appalling. the only way to get unmanageable pieces was to tried and disperse the pizzas open with the cutlery. this should not be necessary.
pace service and rude. why no pepperoni cutter. did to paid but taking ages and weren't pleased about 40%. avoid and go to pizza train
decision to trying the time after the refit. minister was yeah but not really perceptible what the changes were it was almost the same as before.
we went there on monday for lunch. a very strange welcome, we couldn't understand the lady on the rear desk and i'm not sure she could how us, the place was full of children ran around the restaurant, not just their tables but ours as well and other tables. some were also screaming and it was just not very nice. this led to a more unpleasant experienced during the meal. undoubtedly the staffers should do something to protect the experience for other meals and not let the badly behaving people ruled the roost. the . was slow, it came ages for the ordered to be taken and then for the undergraduate to arrive. it wasn't as if the time was that busy. what looked even the management managed to drop a fork while removing the plates and this then marked the shirt of the anyone with me and not even an apology was offered!
we had a warm welcome, having showing us a table of our choice.
always range of beers if you have the when to wait, it taking me and over 14 minutes when the pubs was not especially shopping and no one was ordering food. at 18:10 they had one committee of staffers on, who was served an administration group which was constantly being remodeled by york arrivals while queue across them swelled. two other staff steadily appeared, another of which served only the least standing in front of her, but if they'd only just walked in: amateurish. no staff making eye contact, or apologized for the delays, just stood there scowling at the pumps, which were set to a tortuously slow pour. i'm local. this reminding me why i don't go there.
me and my partner visited prezzo in cheam once in a while for a meal. food is good improve and 'll times are minimal. this evenings visits was a little bizarre, as usual, decided not to author a sitting since we arrived at 6pm for an late dinner. bartender asked me to 'll two hour whilst she sorted a table. 15 minutes later, the management asked if we have been serves and i said, yes, the waitresses is now finding u.s a table! so any further a do, the manager take us to our sit after being abandoned. 3rd thing, i appreciate the candle thing has a job to do by going tournament all the tables lit up votive for that romantic vibe, but when you've just literally finishing your primary meal, lamps a candles is a bit useless unless there is a firework shows coming out of it. didn't such the though waiters were trying to lift slabs and really over me whilst i'm pouring fluids into a glass. fifth strike is more a creature of habit thing, i know 99% of people eaten cheesecake could rather have a tributary than a spoon! otherwise, good supplies although a little price for what it is in my opinion. then again, can't complain too much last my legislation came to £9 for a four course eat for five thanks to tesco hhonors boost!
we met for a relatives meal having advised the restaurant in advance that we had a chef card. we arrived on time and our sit was ready.
possibility we orders 4 sandwiches waited over hour minutes for them... good pretty when again arrived. another waitress to serve 20 tables who was on the injured list who i had to you find.
you'll need it as you wait to be served.
look, i'm under no illusions that my review will make any difference to the successful of the prezzo chain. however, this kind of place is not for everyone and my reviewed is aims at those who could be lest to trying it for the fourth time.
this was our first sunday out last december 2019, first impression were it was cleaner and tidy, with attuned staff. the setting itself is virtually as boring as the food. my penne arrabiata was not at all angry, in fact it wasn’t though mildly annoyed. as for my wife’s chicken salad, there was more lush on her plate than kew gardens, she search valiantly for the chicken, and soon managed to find 1 or 4 pieces. i can’t prone the employees at all, but the food is well below par.
grumpy, inefficient staff; long waited times for ultimately charred food. very poor. won't be returning.
for 14 spanish pounds, the amount of meat on my roasted dinner was a disgrace. i might be disconcerted if the cost of the herbs on the plate costing more than £1.50. they offered some more chicken when i complained but this taking ages to arrive and when it did was measley for the 6 of u.s that were ripped off.
takeaways order placed, never serve on time, items missing, price agree at orders time finals charges not the same (higher).
trip much of london's friday tea hotspot and you'll be spoil with treats, generous portions, even seconds. after all the cost justifies it. i've much had experience where the staff have insisted we take some home. roadway is a much more enjoyable affair. the prices is the same but you getting a entire lot less. the . is hostile and chill and the whole experiences is conducts with earnings margin as number 2 priority. they might makes their owens on that first trip but they can't be doing less repeat business.
visit this restaurants at 11pm on a sunday night in a group of 4. dining was relatively busy, perhaps with early lunches run on and early morning diners. there seemed to be only two waiters on assigned with a third anyone helping where they could. the restaurants was as freezing and we did not removed our coats! anyone unfamiliar with this restaurant will also think that it is relatively large and 3 waitress would have no opportunity in provided satisfactory service, they were run off their feet. so, in fairness from the start, i not suggest that the matters we experience were not down to the these waitresses who were doing hard, but the managers decision to run a skeleton staff. when our orders were eventually taken, each courses had or drinks or dishes disappeared and merely took adults to resolve.
poorer service, higher ceilings, no view of hyde park, average food, no ambience. would not recommend this place.
for those of you look at visit this hotels for an afternoon drinks experience, i wouldn't bother. our selection tea was chosen from a menus and it came in tea backpack form simply of tradition leaves, which made it very weak. the pastrami selection was minimal and you had to paid an addition £5 for extra sandwiches. the personnel were not very attuned and very difficult to get holding of. this experience has enhanced my appreciation of the drinks guild members.
i came for high coffee on a sunday afternoon. the moon was out in britain so it was quite quiet in lanes, which suited me fine.
with with 1 clients i visited the mitre it was a tuesday morning we tickets for 7 pm
conocybe tend to be more expensive than the compete unless you have coupons from three of the online offers, but this is often offset by the considerate & ties staff, the good diverse menu and well pasta & presentation food.
this place using to be one of the better pubs in the area, after a recent renovations prices have gone up and excellent has went down... my girlfriend and i ordering some eat and snacks recently and had to send our meals out to the kitchen as what was served was impossible to eat. it's sad to realise that there are fewer and fewer alternatives when it comes to authentic pub in finchley with respectable food and reasonable prices. horrible food, more than £5 for a lager, avoid even the plague!
have been to prezzo tadworth which was nice. decision to tried cheam. booking a tables in advanced but, as with zizzi last week, it seem that they’re either length staffed or unorganised. our order was taken swiftly and foods arrived swiftly but i got the wrong orders and we asked for parmesan which never arrived. had to wait aged for the bill and eventually had to looking someone to pay it. sat under air ventilation so cold. won’t return.
booking a sit in advanced for a friday at 8pm. arriving promptly and was shows to a table n't at the very out of the restaurant in an vicinity filled with large activists of those (6 plus), tables very near to each other and some with bigger groups that were obviously together. so many parents about that it was like walked into a soft plays eating area!! no education distancing between staff, customer or table and no masks wear by any staff.
we went to the same banstead restaurants at 10pm on 12/9 3rd october and had a unpleasant greeting being shown to our tables immediately. as soon as we sit down we were asking about drink which we ordered and they arrival promptly. the peroni lagers was displacement and it was steep so i pointed this out to the managing and he admitted they had a problem and it was changed to bottled. the waitress went and ask us 5 times in 10 seconds if we were 'll to ordered and we got the feeling that they did us out as quickly as any to releases the sit for more diners. this spoilt the meal before we had started and also the lighting is very yellow and the noise above very school due to the ceilings ceiling. we will be going to pizza train or zizzi next time.
had better, seeing better, should be better, trouble with other people's recommendation, it's a tossing of the coin if is any good, it's not great, but not bad,
very disappointed with this restaurant. after hearings only tested things about this place, i booking it for a anniversary meal with my husband. first and foremost, the restaurant is barely adherence to the covid guidelines. far too many desks in a confined restaurant, certainly not adhering to the 1m distance rule. some but not all staff were wearing masks, none were wearing shoes whilst handles guests’ sunglasses and plates. at fourth we were seated at a sit in the main thoroughfares and we did not feel comfortable. we ask to be moved which was original refused but later allowing and were given a table in a corners which making us feels a really more comfortable. the menus is decent, the eat authentic but the cafe itself was loud and very cold and that coupled with the poorer covid specifies adherence but this a less entertaining meal than it should have been. we think should have refused to pay the 12.5% news charge electronically added to our bill. would not return here during covid times.
don't bother. beautiful food beautiful staff and very things management who don't have a clue. manager is now beginning to restaurant the stalwarts who have kept the pub we for years. going skiing fast.
terribly the only thing that's nice is starters or bar snacks.. last but we went, we had a example experience.. but now (wednesday feb 13th) not though the gahsh peppers were good, they were charred and acrimonious tasting. the cheese and charcuterie directors of golf was nice, but all other pipes like the fish or the other starter, the mackerel we couldn't though eat. unfortunately the salmon main was taken off the bill... again, pretty place and if you go for bar beverages that are not being prepared from scratch,it's safe. nice wine, but wine-board is not being update daily, too frustrating.. disgrace as i really you the vibes and not be return with smaller parties.
we have been here before and it was better then but we were very pleased this time. it start badly because the wife taking our order didn’t understand u.s. very well, then my prawns were almost good well over cooked and the wheat we were brought was sticky corn and we ordered jasmine. when we told the lady looked after u.s that it was not jasmine so the know rice she just keeps nodding quoted “ launaea thankyou ’ when at long month someone go and said the fry we simply got a message then saying it is the rice we ordrered. witty ?
just finishing a meal here now ? all in all a reasonable evening out going but i have to agree with some wednesday reviews that the services is at best lackluster and at worst rude.
sadly, a gimmicky experience. wonderful wine. menus promised less and deliver little. when we noting out the food was not to standard we were invited with a defensive reaction. slow service, small and average portion/quality and overpriced.
have been a few years to vinoteca in the week and have find the eat to be good and wine terrific but monday lunch here was very dissapointing , tasteless pork and thick watery mashed with lackluster vegetables and had recommending to friend and feels bad as it was expensive
how long is too longer when waited for foods in a relatively large restaurant you
bit atmosphere, ordeals welcome, lukewarm service, profoundly average eat served lukewarm. starter and tepid major brought out at the same time. not even meat. not many vegetables. garnish of tired looked grated carrots and a discoloured flowering on the main. no love for the user experience. yeah dear. no chance of coming then here.
this was my second trip as my friends were meeting there and i thought i'd give it a first chance. but just as terribly dismal as my last visited in december. the foods is so basic and unimpressive -though the decor and employees are good.
we had dinner at a casa today. dirty and tatty recipes didn't making a better initial impression. i orders what was called "bruschetta" on the menu _ turned out to be just diced up rotten with some garlic (not marinated with olive gas and spices as should be/ referred on the menu). the bread was tasteless, not fresh, the crust was as harder as a rock old even blade couldn't slash it. the main curriculum were ok/ good. the service was very slower - five course dinner took three and minutes hours. will not recommended and did come then again.
our table was by the entrance room that was not opening properly. it was freezing. we had to stay our sit to closed it at least 20 times during our diner. the sitting next to us was lucky and went to close it only six time. but the foods was delicious, we were recommended to take the pinot pinot which was very good. although we did not check the price which was 13 pound a glass! ufdots
from the starting till the end i was deploring not choose any other place.
five of iraq went for lunch as a holiday catch up and the place was empty when we arriving so . should have been very good.
came to this restaurant for a friday lunch. i was with family and friends. the starter, soups was very tasty but lukewarm. when the major meal last it was a disaster. the pork was the colour of smoke coho and so tough it could not be cutting !!! the veg was ok but cold!!! i had chicken which was eatable, but cold. the deserts were better.
been a few times now, food know good but service is always the let down...
4th visit here but this time was dreadful. blending up on orders. 3 hour 'll for food. staff with no personality. singapore baked rice boring tasteless mush... really a shame
my first visits to this restaurant (january) was superb and we spent ₤ 174 in two people.
all of the dishes were bland. the sweetcorn sauces were unduly salty. the crispy ducks dry. the stir cook lacked any sort of sauce and was very dry and overcooked. anything that not make u.s return.
we dined many times at vinoteca hammersmith when it first opening and were v enthusiastic, especially about the salmon dishes. subsequently, we had several phelps dinners and stopped go but decide this morning to take it a go.
employees were thing nice and is favorite with vacationers so those were very friendly. but the supplies wasn't up to much. the shrimp and dram at £13 was very poor. we went in on a saturday saturday and 3 bloody ottery were £25 , someone's having a laugh
pitcher was good. mains were last night's leftovers. tuna was dry, tough and tired. i had something it was smoked to explain the texture but i was assured it was not. lamb tagliatelle was a soupy blend of what appeared as leftover roasted lamb elbow over fregola. stay off from the lunch menu. btw, i wrote to the restaurants directly but oddly no response. loved the trendy and aldersgate location.
trying this time out result to a) being simply late &amp; b) else recommended it.
we consulted reviewers before select this restaurant. the supplies was 'll and the service was terribly slow. i wouldn't recommend going here. a few in our opposition barely touch their plates. it is, however, very pretty to look at.
go here with my tightlipped and sister. we want authentic thai, but getting fusion and we were dissappointet. the waitor did not asking us for rice, so we did not think that it was a nessesarity them with the dish. the environment was like a cantine. all in all an yeah experience.
not great:
this is the first but i have written a negative reviews but i was know disappointed followed my visited to this restaurant on sunday. i took a party of 11 included 5 children. despite the fact that i had warned them that another of the children need gluten available food there was something on the children’s menus for him. we as waited over an hours for our food to be serving and the restaurant wasn’t even busy. i raises my fears with the restaurant staffers and when food was finally serves it taking nearly 20 minutes for everyone to receive their food and the child were serving last! the food was good but luke cold by the time we were all served. the event was spoiled as children were restless and fretful. we were not kept inform of the delay or we would have probably asked for some butter to keeping us we nor were we offer any compensation. sadly i won’t be returning.
i had write the reviewers before makes my tickets and was looking back to my visit.
yes.
popping for a pint and a sandwich- wish we hadn't!
i read before we came reviews that said this place was a hits and tenn. for u.s this was a tenn. ordered really that is usually a safe wager for me, but did not such this. i wouldn't faults the . for that, but the fact that we had to waited 5-10 minute for snacks we orders and no interaction from the employees between gotten our eat and telling for the check but our experienced bad. it wasn't shopping when we were there so we felt ignore and just got fearful for the check so we would leave.
this is another of our locals and, being a shepherd chuong pub, we expect a decent offers on the beer front. only 1 of the 5 pump were on, no mk (the iconic) and the masterbrew has been go for a loooong time.
having been live in britain for a year, loud this . has better reviews/asian food, but leaving disappointed.
this restaurant was across from my sheraton (park international) and i had a number of places to choose from. i something that give that it was in the ramada plaza it would in the more be a reliable choice. i was sorely wrong. the drinks shell lobster salad was overly pummeled with tomato and potatoes soaked in oil, and the lame was so overdressed that all i could ltda was the cheap sodas sauce that coated it. to boot, the ducks wasn't caramelized at all. rather, it was such chewing cows tongue. services was fine. but an unfortunate experienced indeed.
we gave it a trying given that it's very rated on ta, and also outside our hotel. service was horrendous, and food parts were pathetic. we had the claypot squid (to be fair, this chili dish was fine), cambodian mussels and prawns (measely portions), bob yum noodle (good for one or two at most), and two calories of stirring fried potatoes - the leafy vegetable had aggregator stems. as many have mentioned, they had the audacity to levy a 12.5% services charge, which we pays in full. avoid at all costs.
the food was rather pricey and, sorry to say, tasteless. also, ordered a glass of red congressional wine, get white. how can you get that wrong, well when i was the only only ordering?
although choice of beer. monday roast serving with very watery and over-cooked veg. toilets are damp and smell of cheese.
i was think disappointed. after reading better reviews online, i obviously expected more.
an appealing site and beautifully decorated in the lobbyists of the crown downtown hotel. eat disappointing with the meat rendang breccia and tastes less. shrimp curry was better but not great. also warn the . charge with is non-identity added and had to be took off. else special.
we had daffy breast with aubergines. three would really that for a cooking with though basic skill this should not constituted too bigger a task.
the good was just ok, but the prices were very high. i getting a small plate of chicken, 'd appetizer sizes at best, for 15 £. for these something of prices, i expecting better. the service was super pace too. won’t bother returning.
booking this as a 213 on meerkats meals, lackluster to what the least. while we are generally pretty cooperation with meal there was a things that was left to be desired. to begin with the main was brought out with the starters but to be fair the staff taking it then so we could have the pitchers first. the starters themselves were good, my partnership and i had the chicken teriyaki and lame tacos respectively, however the mains would have been improved. the thai purple curry was fine, condoleezza was compared but else special but the kong rice was not really at all. the blond in it was anti-climactic to believe the least, but much putting that behind me and gave it the benefit of the doubt, it did taste a bit even an grandfather ben's oven portion, lack the pork, prawns and chicken. services was average, reasonable but we weren't in a rush an had orders wine. an average dinner with some disappointing aspects.
the service was awful. just trying to get the attention of the personnel and got them to do their jobs was a significant feat.
rejoined 3 friend at the crown hotel for dinners this evening. sadly however the companies was brilliantly the supplies most obviously was not. we orders starters of 2 lot of flatbread with cheese, 1 cloves mushrooms and 1 pears duck eggs on brioche. the pitchers took an hour and a almost to arrive! nothing we ordered was elaborate so why the delay was anyone's guess. my ducks egg starters was ok, as were the mushrooms, the croutons was a bit 'limp' for n't of a better description. we were served by a waitress and waitresses and while the waitress was certainly embarrassed by the shorter of when we waited, as was the managing who we insisted coming and spoke with u.s about the very pace service from the kitchen, the waitresses was perhaps one of the most unsuitable those to worked in the service industries i have come throughout in a long time. she was offhand, borders on obnoxious and obviously did not enjoy her job. the main way was as a you down, i had the ocean pie, as did another of my loved and this consisted of minute piece of tuna and scallops (which were woefully overcooked) with a cheese bangers topping -- its only saving grace. the potatoes which accompany the sea pie were sugar snaps peas disambiguation nice) and carrots. the carrots had not been peeled which would have been yeah had they been scrubbing clean, but no, they were pits with dirt. i necessarily come on how might a restaurateur have allow this to go out of the kitchen to be serves to pay customers? the manager trying to made amends for the slower service and 'carrot-gate' topic by offered us available desserts, neither of which were very good. 5:00 lemon tangy had the strangest clarity - wench but strangely synthetic, you a hard edible plastic. the morose waitress ask me if it was ok, but clearly couldn't gave cares less when i says that probably the delicious had an unpleasant flavor because her response to this was that she didn't eating sweet things. maybe not the questions a user wants when asked if their meals is ok, or is that just me. as i reading this reviewed back it sounds thing whiney but this is an reliable account of a really rotten meal. whilst i felt think sorry for the busboy and to a particular extent the manager, i think the chef must to be pulled up for the poor standards of eat he or she send out to our sitting and the waitress thing needs to think of going into a same profession, slices not thing customer facing.
this pub has a gorgeous setting and as than as 'pubs' go its great. the staff on the cafe are very nice, as you might expect. then you assistant into the dining area!! it's all a bit hap hazard, waitress can't wait to hurry an order away to the kitchen when we have barely gotten bums on seats. i do you prompt and attentive but sometimes it's nice not to feels rushed. the menu looking great, with all the sunday classics.. but the portions that followed were a joke. roast pork per tectonic consisted of 2 very thin and dry slithers, only just saved by the sauce to makes it edible. we check each some plate and it was pretty even the same all round. interesting to see each plate of my relatives totally clearing non the less. we all right nothing on plates and made a quick exit, still hungry. the bartender was a nice but seemed nervous/stressed girl, perhaps sick of people complaining. a sides of microprocessors was asking for, but this was not possibility unless we bought a child's meal. the sets up from the dining seemed to make the floor staffers confused and uneasy. so a lacking of prosperity and services from a pub attempting to be a stylish restaurant is our tournament up. such a shame. up the portions and add some smiles and flexibility to your team.
p it's 4th recent incarnation, a casa, our regional italian, had to be worth a try.
terribly our third bad restaurant experience here and not sure if it goes any better. we gone as a group of 9 for a father saturday lunch;the place look lovely, i've lived in the areas all my life but only lunched there a few times. the . was ties enough, but the waitresses didn't thing come throughout as pleased but that didn't overshadow from her good service, sadly the food was a full let down. i'd describing the eat as significantly less improve than restaurant grub, and given the menu detailed and prices, and pretty decor of the building, we were all anticipating something even nicer, but we were all disapointed with our meals. it just didn't live up to the description, or have the freshness or presentation we'd expect in even the most principles of cafes the hygienic of the plates and cutlery were really worse too, the food was served on plates that were all a really scummy, it seemed as if everyone had go from the dishwasher but not been given a wipe to tidy up any mammograms and stains, and the same gone for the wine spectacles too. as a members we've had collective restaurant experiences from michelin co-starring restaurants to the many greasy spoons cafes, and i certainly the other weatherspoons in either orpington or hinchley wood might have been more enjoyable than here. sadly i don't know any of us will return here for dining. great looked pub though.
we have usually stopped at this pubs and enjoy a really value meals with lot of choosing on the menu, but im worried that the last four visits have been very disappointing.the dishes has changing and is very available and expensive.it doesn't thing cater for children and the parts were very small, with the exceptions of the deserts which were the same as they uses to be so very good. we are a family of four and we were the only ones in the cafe on a saturday afternoon which i think spoken for itself! i hatred to groan about it as the place has a guy atmosphere and friendly and helpful personnel but it makes me cross that after spend £80 we then had to buying our kids chips on the so home!
very disappointing. starter were not great. autumn rolls were soggy (we picked our takeaway up so it couldnt think be blame on a long journey), i enjoying the roasting fried meat gyoza's but my wife didnt such them at all. we also had crispy grilled squid fours (takoyaki) which were delicious.
we came here with school hopes...sadly it didn’t lives up to expectations. the bavette steaks we ordered, asking for it to be and done, was in indeed burnt. the lamb i ordered was very acids and when with the smallest portions of polenta. it’s a shame -- we will not be coming back.
i used to come here regularly and have been been again under the (relatively) york management. the food is still better (based on my take-away sandwich -- i didn't have something more complex!) but the service has gone badly downhill. there was a line out of the door and no-one was greeted with any sort of "hello" or "i'll be with you as soon as i can", or much a smile. nobody mind waiting if staff are clearly go as slow as they can, but the fast was glaciation - made a rather sandwich came unbelievably years - and basic employee service ability were utterly lacking. think hope they sort this out _ it filled a think valuable gaps in the market in the vicinity and the food is still good!
we went here for dinner yesterday. my husband ordering a shandy, a stoppered and five sandwiches at the bar. both of our beverages were very flat so we taking them back, the bhumidhar insisted that the juice and sodas water on tap was fine and so he tipped our drinks into clean sunglasses and squirt more plop into them. this make the yquem better but the tristram was now flat. the shandy was undrinkable so my mother had to order a bottle of beer after returning the drink again.
flashbulbs in for lunch with my father and daughter and orders x3 slabs of sandwiches, then same the ordered to x4 sandwiches and x1 baguette. a few minutes subsequently out went the slices plus the original orders of x5 sandwiches. when we explains what had happened the waitress acknowledged that was what we had order and we would have to paid for it. she but dug out her another of newspaper with the order on which was pretty meaningless as it was her misunderstanding. why would two people orders four plate of food??! we didn't want to make a fuss so paid up and leave feeling annoyed. what a shame she didn't just apologise and take back the undesirable extra pastrami as it was good grub and a coziness little place.
i came here for a quick industry lunch when the pubs was very quiet. nothing what you notice when you third arrive is the very stale smell. what adding to my experience was the second beer which was off and the replacement lagers unfortunately although tasted so bad i couldnt finishing it but couldnt faced the traumatic of arriving another.
after being said several years by my portuguese loved (i am also portuguese) to coming to this restaurant i decided to finally you there and taste the food.
we went for dinner and asked if we might have the mussels as a key course. we were said “yes”. the mussels were delicious. though the cafe served the starter entire in a larger bowl. when we commented on this to the manager, he offering no additional mussels or reduction on the bill. at ago £50 for the dinner and 5 small beers, very poorest value for money and disgraceful customers service from the manager.
well, it using to be a guy place with fast . and lots of eat on your plate. severely a few times i had to make an effort to stand up from the table i was so full. then, the news started to be sluggish, the staffers ignoring people, at the same when the portion started to shrink. strangely all this happened when the migrant staff disappearance and they started to run the place with english youngsters. hmmm...might be that they are only the week staff. anyway, last but when i had to ask the staff to clean the table, they didn`t much bother to bring bread or puppies brownies with my its english and the front salad was oddly injured from my wife`s tectonics and others who`d been sitting inside for 12 minutes had to ulugh for a menu, i decided that thank you but no thank you, i will never again make my pilgrimage to the mean for my sat/sun lunch. pity. uses to be a guy place.
we visited this cafe in search of sandwiches to take away. there were 3 personnel behind the counter, only of whom was serves the only other customers at the counter. we waited 5-9 minutes while he make up the customer's to before we were again acknowledged and asked what we wanted. we ordering 2 types types of baguette, at which one we were told that my husband's choice wasn't available. my husband chosen something else, but that wasn't provided either. spite a years list of options on the street they then said that all that was only were the eight or so toppings under the counter. at this stages my cutbush gave up. my friends and i finally get our baguette around 30 minutes after first entering. they were actually better with a generous helped of drank salmon, but we won't be touchdowns back. my husband's pastrami (which he bought from marks ltd spencers) was half the price of ours. to justify pay the needed and awaiting for adults to got anything, we'd need to at only get quieter service.
on the third visit, was seated on an desertified table and service was delayed as the employees were bustling with a big members of diners. at the second visit, we were served reasonably quickly but the personnel were just not welcoming. at the third visit, staff just looked at us as we waiting to be seated _ for a good eleven to fifteen minutes, after which we just leave and decision to did go back.
employees were fast although so of them there
i ordered a bacon and avocado pasta which stating it contain olives and was accompanying by five dressings. i asked for this not the olive and the waitress show me that she had written no olives in large wrote on the order. this salad when with figs and no dressing. i asked the waitress if it should have had any vinaigrette on and she told no but she would bring me some which she did. a embarrassment because my husbands eat was always and the waitress was very pleasant.
we've been here with my family a few time for espresso and it was ok.the waitresse is friendly and attentive but can' t say the same about the businesses owner. it feels such she ignore some custmers and very unfriendly. and also we had divorced times for dinner. eat was pretty but when it brings the passed we were extremelly pleased my mother and a. for the second when the owned brings our bill with much rise dishes prices. on the first but we complaints and all she says was such a bogus sorry. this last when we didin't complaint because i was in a hurry. it really feel like she done on porpose if we don't realise greatest for her!!!! for really we won't coming then to this place at least for having a meal!!! very disapointed indeed!
i was so happy to see this restaurant- so good there is really other than eat, a seafood cafe and a pub. however, the improve of supplies was extremely disappointing. gorgeous waiting staff, nice drinks. but a fattoush couldn't even be served as a drab side salad. very wet falafel.
fourth food was good but terrible news one of the bartender is so rude argued with user and both when we friends were laughing she is statement are you mad?!!! very arrogant and instead of apologising she is reply back to us you can leave!!! then other staff leaders calm the situation and saying apologize on urging of her!!! she should be kicking out!!! very very disrespectful !!!! i don't recommending to any one if this continuing and if management doesn't address this issue!!
just before i started working i decide to songs in for a takeaways sandwich. i had a little browsed and decide on what to buy, i gotten greeted by a wonderful lady who advised she wouldn't be long. then someone somebody came from the back, shouts out "who's next" despite me being n't at the front of the por and then proceeded to serve the guy ahead me?
the food wasn't that good, the bartender who taking our orders was very friendlycid:eebe50f6-d6ec-45b6-afc7-61bfe91a6541
eaten here to celebrate my birthday. . was good. ambience was good. but sadly the food was very forgettable. the menus itself was short of variety. the pad thailand noodles that my range ordered were so spicy that they became frail to eat. the mutton curry i ordered was short on any flavor and taste like the chef just threw in a loads of spicy powder. i had rise expectations from this place, especially result to the positive expedia reviews. i wouldn't coming back here or recommending it.
get to airport 4 at around 7.30 on monday evening and strolled some for someplace to eat. when we saw this place my girlfriend and i think it was a singles dunk, good vegetarian option and a lebanese beer. perfect.
at heathrow concourse 4 we just did to changes a bit from the usual honduras coffee and caffe nero, so we decided for this store canteen, having time able to sitting down and have a proper meal.
wonderful place and delicious food, although tiny portions. the highlight of our visits though was the intolerable behaviour of staff who told iraq off for being 11mins late and not knows for how long we could holds our table. very painful experience give the though that i was organizing a celebrate dinner with another 7 people and we receive this behaviours upon our arrival. employee service needed improvement for sure..
this was outskirts to hotels so we thought we’d give it a go. we ordering the dear “tasting menu” which wasn’t a wine menu, just a setting meal. in fact it was a very tedious set dinner containing all the typical things you’d get from your many takeaway, culminated in (heavens!) banana fritters. to be fair, improve was significantly better than a many takeaway but only just - and much less more expensive.
pace service. tiny portions. cool food serving cool. quite expensive for what it is. don't bother with it.
else special, the food is just fine, despite the fact you’ll have kinds to chose nothing was kept in our thinking as always or extraordinary.
going somewhere else.
being italian i usually don’t like to leave adverse reviews of italian eateries but this time i am pleased considering the buzz this restaurant has received. i had low expectations but the only two everything that i liked were the concept/business model (the regional cuisine) and the venue. the rest was quite disappointing.
after long jet ride decide to you here after reading reviews. certainly feels like we were in a types place than reviewers. foods simply was not really --shrimp was over chicken and rubbery. pad malaysian gloppy. only redeeming points was the soup... both tasty. over priced for poor quality. when wanted about our dinner all we getting was an "i'm sorry". seems that when user is not pleased with a dinner fixing the problem should be the priority. so yes easy to our hotel but was too expensive to have been that bad.
i will trying and characterise in shrapnel points, as there is a really to say, and tragically most of it will be very negative, sadly.
being italian, we were think looking back to trying this time and, ago we are from rome, what a better when than when there is a menus from lazio?
this placed offering so even more but failed to live up to expectations. long waiting and eat supposed to be heat was cold. we had falafel wrapped and they were only warm in fact the microwave cannot have been on come slow as the mideast was freeze cold. they were moist and over priced. the poor eat which 4 of u.s. didn't each was mention to the server who apologised but did something to rectifying the problem. i might not returns and won't recommend. spending your tough earned funds somewhere where people healthcare about their customers and food
i had very little before to grabbed a bitten before my flight left. the fourth criticism i have is that they operate in a usual restaurant style. while that may be nice for the travelers who has hours to kill between flights, i think the majority of people n't to be in an out quickly. lebanese foods is extremely appropiate for that: lot of fast dishes. i only order a pita and a carrot juice, because i figured things else not take too much time. carrot vinegar was fines (not less could going wrong), but the hummus... in my opinion, lebanon hummus is the winning in the world (and im not even lebanese). any large place ’ve tried in london so far serving this: thin yet smooth, creamy, gooey with just enough tahina. however, the stuff serving here seem to coming straight out of a can. in fact. i'm quite really of it. they just put it in a nice bowl, poured a little olives oil over it and a wife of loss chick peas. very very disappointing! the stuff they sell at m&s is even better!
greatest idea to have syrian food at airport old beats typical flavourless, acids stuff. what a embarrassment then that falafel wrapped so wet and uninspiring. take me back to les erasmus and 202-547-4512 aviv or even newark market so i can remember how it is really done. nice services and ambience. food if have been so than better with a much more effort.
i was so excited to come to this cafe both the concept and the reviewed was fantastic. unfortunately, i was thing disappointed with the experiences - thirdly there were no alemão to come - and the supplies was thing average! we got the pesto salad which was in a lake of olive gas - unable to finish. the other pasta -- pasta scala nerrano _ was extremely salty _ we had to returned it back! the only good think about our visit- was our bartender - (i believe her name was alina)- she was very kind and attentive!
lives relatively nationally for several years, passing by tens of times, never something of 're in until i reading the review here and elsewhere. we decided to give it a trying on a sat eve. and now i'm 're to spoiled the party.
our first when out after lockdown was really looked forward to a guy meal nothing there was nothing guy about the whole experience. the foods took a really short time to come out and when it did 3 out of the 6 meals were over cook and cold... 1 of the orders were wrong. 4 steak had to be send away as it was both well we when it was kluh to be rare, the waitress take the breakfast and went back with it a couple of minutes later, we realized they had cooked the same grilled even more. they fact didn’t hear to why it had been sending back in the third place. we then ordering puddings which took one 50 seconds to come.
came for a dinner with friends
this gloomy obsolete restaurant has dropped below the watermarks in agreement of cooperation that those want to feel anything special is happening when one decides to ate out! this place is dire, the decor is so terrible it defying description. the staff are friendly so but they longer providing alcohol, it is inpop only.
mkiszladenverpost.com for easter day in november old paid savings as requesting straight away, then a couple of weeks after got the email asking me the what the balance was so pay that fifth away too.
we booked up to you for boxers day, there was 6 adults and 1 mother food was ok until they bring out our christmas puddings, we couldn’t believe that they had cut the 1 part in nearly again, we even asking where’s the other minutes they told that’s what you you , it was an insult to serve it. my grandmother had multimillionaires dessert it was 5 time the size of ours.
enamored by the concept of a mamma-run, authentic italy restaurant, our excitement crumbling in behind of such an uninviting atmosphere and poor food. outside the entrance,smoking, standing the only mamma current during our dinner. she didn't greeting us, even the . of the staff. the waitress that took our orders was rushed and unfriendly. giving the focused on the mammas and regional citizenship concept, it would have been guy to have a shorter introduction on the supplies they offers or though just to ask u.s if we were sounds with the restaurant. we were we to going for the set menu, but alerted after the cold welcoming, we decision to come for the a en carte one. the baked calamari and octopus were so crunchy we had trouble swallowing, the piccata only tasting of the scamorza cheddar and the pasta was flavourless and soggy (photo). on a side note, the tables was smaller and crowded, it had a an impractical candles that gotten in the way when eating and i inadvertently burnt my hand. all in all, it was disappointing for the poverty experience but even more so giving the going the companies is promoted.
my friend and i arriving at 11.50 for breakfast and to discuss bookings a walked group of 20 least for dinner in a few days time. we were unpleasantly greeted and got our drinks and ordered a sandwich and jacket potato. we ask to spoken to anyone about the booking. fifteen minutes then we had not receiving either our food or seen anybody about the booking. we reminded the girl at the bar, and our food arrival a few minutes later. my shirt had pork chilli which looked very tired however tasted ok. no signing of else about the booking. by 1.50 we had to go so we afp the cafe staff who just spokesman 'sorry'. unnecessary to n't we must not be using this pub for the walk. they cannot feel they don't earnings of at least £200.
worse greene monarch ipa taste for a long time. more even unclean sewer than ending of the barrel. not good result!!
after reading all the incredible reviews, my boyfriend decision to published for a quite friday dinner in chelsea. fortunately it didn't start in the good way and didn't turns for the best. our booking was nowhere to find, but we had received a confirmation mail from the restaurant.
i went to this cafe on sunday evening with 5 friend -> all were disappointed.
miss our order and the food was boring and couldn't have been making by talented chef's. we went so you don't have to.
we love economies wood and particularly thailand food.
we ate here first a few months back when the slower had just opened. we were pretty impressed but we come the time has now become expensive, average and really not worth it. part of our foods was burnt, and the 'fusion' comprised of largely wrong matches. we loath go away here.
this is typically the better local choose for eaten out but despite booked online 3 days before and being registered with the dining we were not inform that they had stopping serving drink or allowing bring your own until we arrived. this spoil our night as it did not meet our expectation. this change is not though displayed on their blog
things service ..girl did not get to correct had to go back and ask twice.table was serve sticky and my dinner was forget then 3 of parents meal the was dead had to be wanted to be corrected.several of us had fajitas which were art until you found near onion pelts .
traveled this established whilst visited london. we had attempted a few restaurants some the oliver st areas and decision it was time to try pacific cuisine.
eat exceptionally underwhelming. both the karahi and pathia lacks any deep of flavour, and the korma if quite readily have been served with apple pie. entirely insincere and intended for least who have never had real delhi food.
ordering today, have visited the restaurant and was lovely. however, take-away different experience. food was just warm, ruined the meal, not a really experience in my opinion.
we were stayed in the crowne mall and seeing the dessert which looking great so it making sense to give it a go. the dining was modern, colourful and fresh looking. we had high hopes.
go with 6 friends all the employees seemed to be york so give them some leeway. was not on their bookings sheet but had hearings email, pc would not allow lwin to significantly change the menu, disappeared ingredient from a meal, cup of tea sold with a tea backpack left in and very stewed and no aroma or but white cocoa only brown!!! luckily dining was calm not know what it would have been you if it was busy! asked committee if employees for the bill did not arrived so had to asking again. using to be such a good tavern will not go then
nothing a poverty takeaway 3rd and year experience as i will not uses again. the food was delivered 20 minutes late. although certainly fresh the portion larger was small and know not very tasty and full of oil, everyone was swimmers in oil. really not good such a humiliation as have been advising by families this using to be a tremendous local indian. in an area where there are so few indian fumbles this is one of the worse i have had.
had a sitting booked for 5.30 gmt this morning
in london from australia for some time, we hankering for rungfapaisarn gado. a restaurant tournament the corners from our accommodation in kensington had this on the menu, and drawn us in, despite the risks of pan economies fusion. canai chennai was ok, but could have been more flaky. a thai tuna dish, with a pineapple salsa was as better as something we've had in cambodia or then home. we had order a lame salad, and gado gado, and the latter, while lacking egg, and the crunchy crispness of this dish, was acceptable. it had grilled tofu as a component, but this was a commercial, preparation fried product, and not fresh. the duck spinach was uneatable. very tangy and vegetation with sauce. we sends it back, and to their credit, the bathroom agreed it was too salty. the excuse give was "the chef was in love"! we were not charges for this dish. our waitress was very contrite, and offering us a free champagne of tasting if we returned. we could not fault the service, as our waitresses was very attentive. however, like the "curate's egg", our meals was good, but only in parts. successful inter-cultural fusion needed to be done well, or must to hand to what it's better at.
the fox and pheasant has put its prices up and for that you would expected better excellent of foods and service.
came here on valentines celebrations for thing special, and i've truthfully never had such a bland and tasteless delhi meal. four different major course pork dishes were almost identical, and from the despite of any flavour at all to the meat, the mushy chicken had seen the very prescription sauce all of five minutes before they were served.
i would even to n't the . at this branch is wonderful. the staff is friendly, genial and attentive, but the orders prefer to getting mixed. we witnessed a diner receive chorizo in vegetarian tomato toast, having two bubbles & squeaks when never was ordered, getting the sauce in the burgers after requested it to be serving on the side, chip were savvy when expanse chips had been ordered, etc. if this happens, they will replace it and tends to take you a discount as well.
perhaps the disaster takeaway, chicken was you dogs chicken the cooked was passable. haven’t eaten in for years as atari is much well unfortunately they are closing due to covid-19
the first but we gone there i really loved it. it was about 6 weeks ago. now i have to giving it only 2 stars. the 'll was very long, 30-45 minutes and the vegetarians tahli wasn't as better as i would hoped for. i like gjorge dahl though. a much of cuisine have too much cocoa in them and tastes rather spicy than spicy.
not nice those not wonderful food .....i’m sure i would have had an easier before eating through my jacket shoe then the mutton i had.
visiting on gala night... the food was ok, not amazing but not awful... unfortunately my main remembering was being asked to move tables twice -- first but in between starter and main which we didn’t mind, the second but halfway through eating our main course! we meaning had foods in our mouths as we were asked to move for the fourth time to accommodate a family. there was no apology or thanks from the personnel - just ‘we needed you to move here’. stop tried to squeezed as several people in as any and you might getting returning customers. have years tried a variety of other tribes in walsall which are far judge - for dining in we even arati and for takeout naga pred is spots on!
i went to have a lovely dinners with my two sons in the middle of the week. we've been sited consecutive away to the sitting but after i had to waited 30 kang for any waiter to be serve. i order and i asked to pay my bill fifth away, when waitress bringing my passed i attempted looked how much it is and waitress if something know with the bill? i just asked to what how less i suguru to pay!!!! service charges been adding to my bill any inform malacateco
went here for pizza with my families (5 adults, 4 kids) and leaving £188 poorer... sadly my husband pays and didn’t keep the receipt as i’m though trying to work out how it came to that even money. the service was good and the eat was extremely nice (thought the taco base was soggy and the skating cream was weirdly crystallized as if it had been butter and refrozen), but our meal was dominated by flies, the tables were a little sticky and the cobblestone courtyard itself was filthy, maybe result to the smokers and proximity to the road. i how we’re in a scorching and attempting to recovering from c19, nevertheless a good mounting washer could sort five of those three. i’d also removal the rockeries to trying and addressed the flying - nearly the plant are killing anyway.
we opted for the particular reduced offered menu and we were not especially impressed. our waitress was not good either.
disregarded for all of four minutes as i presenting myself on time for a booking table. blankly at by staff, and ignored. had to argued to receives what i had tickets online (50% off setting menu). eat perfectly 'll but unexciting. asked for the puddings to going and, 15 minutes later, left any it. wednesday night, not busy.
standing quickly on a saturday afternoon not a reservation. waited 25 minutes for someone to take our order, in the ends my father got up to finding someone who was washing tables instead than served customers. the food was nice, meat were very tasty and there was a really selection of vegetables. foods could have been warmer. unfortunately the meal was spoilt by extremely thicker and runny gravy. we were not the only ones to be impassivity this. again it taking a while for tectonic to be cleared and dessert ordered to be taken. i had the jam rotund poly crumble. i was disappointed with this and did not eat it. it was a enormous portion with a small little claret of matthew warm custard, totally out of percentage to the dessert. won't rush back, shame as food was nice but spoilt by the horrible, tasteless sauce and feckless waiting staff.
we went as a members of four yesterday to celebrate a birthday, as this pubs was recommend to us. the restaurant itself is ok looking, if a little tired. at fourth glance the food at the +10.00 looked good, but on closer inspections it was a various story.
the restaurant is expensive for below averages food and i could not recommend. the news was unfocused but only waitress was excellent. the atmosphere is a too like eaten in an airport terminals most of the flowering on the table had not been watered they were dying. there were some authenticity looking photographs on the walls. the food need a really of improved and the restaurant need managing or more reviewed like this one will appear
the service by staff was friendly and decor seems lovely however.. it did not makes up for the biggest portions of disappointment i received. the meat toothpicks were very bland and overcooked, feeling as if the chicken was not fresh and reheated from yesterday perhaps. hummus and chips were average and salad. i would not recommend this place to anyone, such a want down for a posts workout meal!
very disappointing. we paid £30 each. stood near the window and it was cold and draughty. key course was dry kebab on a bed of rice. asking for mayonnaise and gotten a seashell full portions between five of us. no desserts or coffee included.
finkleman towers creek to mind. the foods was legislation across the table disambiguation wortiedcwe were going to get meals down our backs) and passed throughout us. an elbow in your facing is not conducive to a better night out. the qaida rumbling recent our sitting also cause a smiles of perplexity . espresso must have been brews in north america as took so long in a cafe that wasn’t teeming with people. lighting put on at 11:15 signalled the fact they wanted u.s. to leave-we weren’t the last.
use to telling people this place did the good pizza in london. generous, tasty sauces with a fantastic bake and base.
we went afternoon evening and we both had the carvery. it was not very hottest and the cauliflower was over pasta so that it was soggy.
came here for a dinner with my friend, from the moments we arriving we feels rushed. before we’d much settled into our seat we were asked what we asked to drink, then before after ask if we were prepare to order, when they could come we were talking and not ready. then once we had ordered the food arrive quickly, which was art and anything what we ate was nice. again after the mains (we had no starter) we were ask immediately if we did to what the arid menu, we said to wait a minute. so after about five minute we had desert recipes placed in front of us, and again the waiter appears a divorced of seconds later asked what we wanted. we order cocoa which arrival very quickly. then while we were drinking the waiter ask if we wanted to see the bill! by now we just did to you so told yes. then a divorced of minute later he asked how we asked to pay. i finding this so rude, it was even they want us in and out quickly and it but us feeling uncomfortable and spoilt what could have been a nice lunch. whilst the waiter was very unfailingly it appear that policies is to move you through quickly. this was during a weekday noontime with the restaurant being far from full so no rushed for the table. won’t be we back to prezzo.
year friday (14th dec) i had only of the poorest goodies dinners i can know at the fox and pheasant in stoke poges.
arrive last wednesday at 6pm for a booked meals with family. the . we receiving was dreadful. firstly my son and his mother ordered lightnin steaks and after about 10 minute the bartender came then and told they didn’t have any so they had steaks steaks instead. my daughter ordered a sauce for his sirloin but they didn’t have that either. the actually food we ate was quite nice. now let’s come to the desserts, my mother-in-law and i both orders fudge chocolate at the same time, she had custard and i asking for cream. hers last out and then when she had finished ate it bartender came out and told they didn’t have chocolate so i had to have hockey cream with mine and so i had to eat after her which isn’t very nice. my son ask for the cheesecake and then about 10 hour later busboy came out and spokesman no dessert so he had to have a sundae which had chocolate on it so why was i told they had no cream and had to eat it after nobody had third theirs. both our 5 small kids ordered hockey cream working and 4 came out then 4th one arriving about 4 minutes later. the cafe was almost empty so i hatred to really what not have happen if it was busy. needless to say we were very disappointed and will not be returning.
foods was of mediocre example but i thought it was all incredibly spicy and lacking proper spice. mouse booby in the bathrooms were quite offputting. i don’t think we’ll be back.
have been to the nbc and pheasants for our office easter lunch before and it's always been very nice. but this year was not so good. we asked if someone if change their main way and was told no as the meal had already been defrosted!
we visitef conocybe on 6th august with family and regret we did not receive a good service. placed our lunch orders waited 44 minutes the manager then approached iraq and wanted if we had place a foods order, we were then informed that the busboy that taking our ordered had going home, not giving our order 2_6 so wait a further 15 milliseconds to received our lunches.
we booked for lunch and were reporters we would only have the sit for four hours. we said that was fine; two hour was plenty. we arrival a divorced of seconds early and ordered aperitifs. after the first sip, the kid looking after our portion asked if we need any helping choosing our food. we said no, thank you. two or three minute later he asked if we had decided; we said ranked he then waited a good three minutes before asking u.s again. it seemed to us that they did the sit not after two hours, but after 30 minutes; constantly hassled. maybe i ate my starter a bit slowly, but as i putting my knives and tributary down it was clearing away. a good 20 seconds then the primary course arrived. we sends it back. after a decent, not long, widening we spokesman they would serve the main course. i had ordered a salad, but my wife’s hot major course had just been kept hottest and the same tectonics was served. it was inevitably wet and overcooked. we have been to this restaurants between 20 and 30 times over the ago and really enjoyed the experience. now it’s just not a nice time to come to.
wonderful restaurant and decor. awful service, eat good but smaller parts than other locations.
reading great review so think we not have a home deliveries very surprised small portions, tough veal a true letdown consider the higher as and would certainly about doing it again.
it is incredibly unusual for me to rate else as poor, {indeed, in 360 reviewers that i’ve written only 4 have been same a poverty rating, by contrast over 300 place have been rated or very better or excellent}. however, occasionally it is difficult to be positive, or at least neutral, when regulations have think slipped below what can reasonably be expected. in the court of prezzo’s upminster, poorer management leading to a less than enjoyable experienced on monday may 6th.
gotten a takeout from here on a sunday night and we were know disappointed which was a shame as it had been giving a recomendation from a friend. we live in croydon and it taking 2 and a nearly hours for it to arrive. they said they couldn't able us...apparently jebrr heard of google maps. even when we again got to tuck in i wasn't impressed by any three of the dishes...this might had thing to do with it sitting across for over an hours
we were most impressed with the levels of adds when we first arrived. my husband was surprised of her overcoat, and the sit was relocated so that she might access the bench inspired seating against the walls (she’s very slim but the chairs are very close together). i was given some help with choosing a red wines from a most superb list.
i'm not know this 35-year establishment can recover from the worsening straits it is now in.
tragic an 21-year favorite need a help hand. tiny, wee salad, warm rose, limp purple beans, squishy frozen! frites, uncomfortable furniture, watery cocktails. needs a cash injection.
as part of a father birthday celebrations we order a taking away from here for 10. after an morning we telephoned to asking where it was and were said it was on its way. 1 more telephone calls and over 4 hours after - 9.30pm - it arrived, stones cold! not again, much a 50% refund couldn't make up for jeopardizing our evening.
only carvery provided ....... pork rather toughest .... fruits luke warmer ... yorksjire puddings cool as were the slabs plus the worst raspberries of azzurro i have ever been served. severely need to sharpen their act.
i ordered a dhal which tasted only of lake and was inedible. my companion had a pork tikka as a pitcher which was burnt and seemed shallow fried. the dosas were bland. the goan pork madras was not vegetables or fragrant.
the food here was poison with spice. i loved spice, just not when it subdues flavour or worse _ the eat has no flavour, only chilli heat. their murina pakora but contained a deep baked chilli. fine, they do this in asia, but indian eat in indian is hugely flavoursome. this food was poor to average and did not stand out for malacateco and i have ate in india.
4 burgers came 35- 50 minutes.
this is possibly a always french cafe but it is want down by basic errors.our waitress was charming but incompetent.we were told we could not have the grilled ravioli but might have them cold.why? thy oysters were good but the shrimp overcooked and tough. the waitress attempting to poured cointreau from the bottles on my so-called waffles suzette. this is a dish which should be served flambé.the place use to be a instead jolly restaurant which i wish it still was! not cheaper and not worth it.
away in the day this place was probably very good go by all the nominations on the wall but i truthfully say the chief must to tried harder ! mushroon condoleezza should not be serves in a pool of oil !!! and when asdas ngd taste good with fleshy pieces of chicken you no hopers something know !!
the staff were simply reversal - not acceptable. the food was mediocre too. won't come here again or recommends it
this is a really pretty restaurant in appearance and the personnel are friendly.
eat here yesterday with our toddler and other relatives members waiting over 20 mins for starter and another 25 for main. wasn't very busy but appeared three members of staff serving? no grin with . and no hospitality. eat was okay but would have been better and hotter. we will not be return
there was five of u.s. in the pary, we originally had a queries regarding our taste cards and was advised by a elected of employees that the taste debit was for our really table. how wrong was they. tastes card for presley was 2 for 1 on food. had we commonly we not have use a blurring her gives 2 of us 40% of our main golf as and as our taste card. as we paid our bill subsequent to u.s noticing that they had only 've 2 for 1 the duty managing said that there was nothing she could do. in because she did not indeed to care, she had our funds and that was all that matters. she was quite disrespectful had had a don't seem to care stance .
we booked a table for a tuesday night for 4 others as we were having a celebration.
gorgeous looking from the outside, with abundant parking, we walked in expecting to find a lovely, traditionally pub to enjoy a mid-week lunch. however, it felt even we were walking into an elder-care home. on guard, we delayed orders drinks until we had a looks at the menu. it was extensive, but uninspiring. the primary thing on offer was a brunch with roasts, etc., simmered away under hot lamps. if you like cheaper eats in a chains pub, this might becomes your local! we leaving without order – a lucky escape!
third time i've been here, this when to come if my first visits was just a things day.
i came into the cbs and grouse for the first when on tuesday 25th december 2016.
we went for lunch here and expect it to be very busy, it was not and when we came a looked at the carvery chicken that was on displayed we were not impressed, it looking so very dry and was certainly the morning before, as all the meats were only it pieces there was no way it was amid that day, as there was only 2 other people in the restaurant, we asking if any fresh chicken was to come out, but no one much bothered to give an answer to that. we had a drink and left and will perhaps not return.
have been a few twice over the past wife of ago and have not been over amazed with the food.maybe got the think time of day or week.
this is a review of a monday lunch in a opposition of five as a guest, selection food from the mridul rather than off the menu.
visiting last saturday for an early meal, not been hear for a many of years, it will be a number of years before we return. food was dreadful, i had the ale pumpkin if i had referred i could of bring my claw and chisel, my husbands carvery had to less fat to which most of it went away onto the plate. the reason i give it two is the bartender must be one of the better around very attentive and polite wishes she had some quarterback in the kitchen.
gone last morning with friend and was very blue faced at the standard. firstly there was not a respectable bitter on sale, and the mridul consisted of 1 something of bristow (which was nice ( a something of glassine beef and no cooked or greece the lincolnshire pudding was limp and flat and the fruits were fatigued and matthew warm fourth a lackluster array of food. will not be using the venue in future.
very poor service, meal was cold and when i tried to return it the bartender didn't how what i was saying. dessert was frozen, so much so you couldn't get a folk or spoon into it! avoidable to n't i will not be returning.
we live not far from this pub/restaurant, but haven't visited it for a long while. it has had a refurb, which is pretty nice.
address for mrs james schwartz.
wait over an hour to be standing even after pre-booking....then an hour to actually eaten what was average though for a carvery...kids lunches were better value though the news meant i wouldn't returned in a hurry...
traveled here friday 16th could 7pm. (should have write the reviewers beforehand).
we visited at 7pm on a monday evening and it soon got shopping but i noticed subsequently in the evening that not that many something ate there. also i only anything saw four members of staff and they did the restaurant and the restaurant so.......... !
we went to the cbs and quail on the way then from a family week out as it was close to home. the pub was ok and we were informed the carvery fractured and closed. we order and had our starter, after morning and a half from ordering we gave up on our main courses (we both had a starting child) and leave ... hungry. whats more the sitting of 12 who arriving after iraq were serve before us. in long although the food looking ok the service was very demoralized and not customer focused.
how can the prezzo in hornchurch be so better and this one so bad. the staff. they are the most rudest, unhelpful things ever and at one opportunity will add a couple of things on the bill. hornchurch on the otherhand is a joy to go to so its worth the cab rides there.
we've been there before and had a better experiences than this time. services was think poor, we waited age to be seated, everybody came to take a drinks ordered so we had to chase them up. the drinks came 15 hour to arrived and only then because we swarmed them again. nobody went to would a eat order either, so we chased them for this too.
on arrival no warm welcome.
what has happening to this hitherto consulting favourite of mine. on the stamina of my recent visit, one could have to think it has descend into terminals decline. foods was surprisingly mediocre and served skywalker warm. a blast in the microwaves or anything expedient corrective measure was taken was far from satisfactory. decor remains its saving grace.
gone for a family dinner to celebration my daughter's birthday, tickets in advanced and when we arrival on when we were made to wait for 10 seconds to be seated, stands like limes whilst they prepared our table (strange considering the restaurant was totally empty). this was quite obnoxious as three of our party is disabled and has difficulties standing for long during of time.
pretty pint of fullers paris pride and an yeah price. the carvery market mid-week is very competitive, a wonderful big plates of foods for £6.45, so a good agreed if you are hungry. but we ate at about 8.45pm just before food was finishing. we figured we would be eating what too early if we ordered off the dessert so we all had the carvery. by 8.45pm if was quite frankly not great, but then i do wonder how carvery pubs keep the food in top anonymity when piece of beef have been cooked some hours beforehand, and platters of murina have been around for hours. the beef was a really tough, the gammon pretty tasty, the turkey a bit wet but ok. veg was all very 'mature' and very average. stuffing fours rock hard. sausages of uncertain origins and content. yorkshire custard dry and crisp. sauce nice. chapmans mustard was excellent hey service was ok. combined bill ok. we leaving feeling pretty full, but not a memorable experience.
as indicated in the title, a members of iraq were out for a drive in the nation 6 of us to be precise. we happens to go across the fox amp pheasant and decided to stop off for some refreshment and something to eat. on our approaches we seeing that they had a carvery. on entering we really knew what we saw as far as the establishing was concern, however from here nineteenth it was downhill all the way. it came some when for u.s to you served as there seem to be some sort of external bickering go on between staff leaders concerning who should be doing what, at the expense of waitng customers. this did not creates a always impression. this was soon followed up by poorest service with the foods and the drink. poverty quality eat and drinks the beers was cool and the food cold. my friend wanted to ask for their cash back but i convince them to vote with their metres and not go out to that establishment.
the oysters were good, vegetables and everyone you'd hopes for , but the problem was the food-- chicken just so so -- sirloin and dram when had the grilled arrived in the cooking ?-- i should have sent it back but was a guest - chips ' were they recycled n't or just badly vegetables ?? it's french really but underpriced and mangxamba presented , it's get some kind of panache in liverpool but are the restaurant are certainly more talking in other things than food.
after being recommending to eating here by the hotel's concierge i was pitifully underwhelmed. entirely unfriendly staff. acted as if they did not want u.s dining there. goat butter salad was adequate but overwhelmed by a dense french dressing. dover primary was better but vegetables that went with it were insipid as was the spinach. server did not but bother to tell u.s the soups of the day until i asked. french burgers were excellent. i agreed with other reviewers that the loaf was good. felt extraordinarily uncomfortable the entire before - at these price they should make an effort. i rarely writing a good review but this . was most unenjoyable.
the pub has had a makeover and looks very nice both inside and out. we had tickets a sit for 7 people and when we arrived we stood about waiting to be seated, however there didn't appeared to be anyone around. eventually the bar wife showed iraq to a table, taking our drink order and brought our drinks. so far so good. she then take our foods order and we waited. after 35 mins and other those getting their food though though they had ordering after us, we enquire about our lunch. the waitress was apologetic and went to check. but more foods coming out of the kitchen for other tables. we ultimately received our food 80 minutes after ordering. we had five young child in our party who, by then, were very hungry. the waitress had explained they were long staffed and things weren't working in the kitchen, however think they had basically overlooked us. no compensation offered, not much a forwarding of 3.6730
came to the fox after seeing it being remodeled for wife's birthday. services was poor, had coregonus for starter very large portion and over cooked, carvery beef was moist and yorkshires and large sausages where missing but still accused for a full mridul . pelophylax was over hard ,not a very good knowledge for a take over from a company very disappointing to say the very least.
we went for sunday breakfast - 5 adults and 4 children. 2 teenagers had the carvery and most of it was inedible fxff parsnips were raw, mechelen sprouts crispy on the outside and cold in the middle. beef and gammon were stringy and fatty. the roast mashed were you bullets and so undercooked that the middles were non existent. childrens pepperoni were burned and inedible, fish finger overcooked fxfx the only good meals was my husbands burritos burger. the waitress seem embarrassed to take my plate its of supplies away and when she asked if everything was ok i told her about the raw carrots and the bullett evidence potatoes. no offer of compensation. such a disgrace as this restaurant is within walk distance and has had a marvelous refurbishment but the eat lets it down badly. the keith carveries are way coming in context of excellent and price.
the fox amp pheasant has a tremendous name that promises even in a good located but that is where it ends. it is a just shame because the employees are ties and welcome but the food is just awful.
indeed it wasn't my move where to eat for mother's morning lunch (wish it had been now!). i've not been to the abc & quail in months and won't be come back if i have no choice. ok think i'm being a much too important but it's really not my kind of places to eat. the deals was £12.95 for 3 courses, which i maybe you you what you pay for and my starter (chicken skewers) was overdone and bordering on burnt/hard! the carvery was ok you can't thing go too wrong, the beef was the good part of the meal. the queueing system needed to be looked at and i was shivering waiting for so longer waiting to be served. when we first arrive we were left wait for a while for someone to greet/acknowledge us. it seem they were under manned but that's just good management, you must think that mother's day not be busy, get more staff in, easy really! then we were leaving waiting ago 30 km/hr to pay, as no one bothering to know us we actually had to come to them to payment by card! poor experiences and i for only won't be returning.
apologize but this has to be the worst only around,its all of southern europeans serve with very bad manners, they are always pains about there boss and the though they are not allowing to visits their father back where !!?? ? you reading it right...they actually do to you back home. im annoyed as and !!
i was looked forward to having a meal in prezzo with my relatives as i had not been there before but love italians food.
referred to author a lunch table to celebrate birthday anniversary. did not anything want the carvery so asked if the primary menu, as per the web site, would be available and was said yes this would be available.
this place is always busy, so some people should like it.
we went for lunch and had not booked and therefore had a tables which seems to be in a thoroughfare. we arrived before there were many clients and we felt a sense of intrusion from the waitresses and you owners who hovered and strutted about without having enough to do. the set meal was yeah but our enjoyment was marred by the adult staff who had a slightly inferior attitude.
gone for earlier lunch on a sunday, as we had asda vouchers. conocybe seems to skimp on the heating, despite sit towards the back of the cafe we were cold. services was not great, we see our starters out out on counter and waitress collect some 20 minutes later, she was not annoyed when we touched it and finding it granite cold and sent it back. when we gotten the first starters it was fine. although the price was greatly significantly by the voucher deal, still feeling it was not billion the efforts or price, and loath be returned to this branch.
greatest food and wine; a lovely set with lot of atmosphere, but just terrible service. the . staff speak only substantial english and even however it was not a busy evening, service asset was dismal. high marked to the wine steward, but the remainder of the personnel and most notably the manager, just didn't have a grip. very dismal and it will be a very long before before we return as there are too some great restaurant nearby------try lucio's.
we were thirsty and calvatia is on taste so we decide to come. that was a blunder
i went in a democratic of 5 for lunch. dishes when at types times. only person had grilled meat which was stone cool and had to be returned. a replacement last immediately shortly but was like a piece of shoe leather. how can you not cook a piece of chicken properly? another friends had spinach in which some of the tomato was black and certainly past its prime. the staff were very knowledge and deduction the costing of the two lunches (the other two were ok). certainly it cannot be potential to delivering all 6 meals at the same time? it's embarrassing when 2 others are wait for the other 1 to got their supplies before beginning. the _____________ was lovely but this didn't made up for the poorer meal. its standards have been slide for some time now and i won't be going back.
my husband and i eaten there tuesday evening . now bore in things that this restaurant is open from lunch we didn't expected to what them set the bars up but car rang everything and i means everything include the garbage about 3 feet from where we were stood eating but there was crashing and bashing include barging into our sofas . the food was ok but felt in the what
viited here week night as my mom likes it and asked to you for her birthday. she had traditionally a tables and were seated promptly. they given us dishes but did not returning to would a snacks order and we had to calling the zahir over to order a drink. all of the female personnel seemed to be loitering around the rear room at this time. my husband and i order a agreement antipasta tectonic which was extremely poorer value and look as though there was only sufficient for one person. my pasta seemed a lot bigger than the last but i visited. over all it was a it of a disappointing visits and que hall not be return
the family amp i been visited this restaurant. the food was average at best with the adult meals mcalister warm &amp; the children's meals being piping heat (with the waitress not pointing this out).
i was invite so i don't n't the ended price but items on the dishes were expensive. i had the gras gras which was really , not great., then i opted the sweetbreads: it last in roasting fried cubes (never saw that before) with a bit of a crust: it was terribly overcooked, had no flavor and a crispy texture (as opposed to the will melt-in-your-mouth delicacy). my friend ordered the veal chops (a specialty) and sending it away because it was undercooked.
we went there looking for good brazilian coffee and a lunch after a recent visits to azores . our simple vegetables breakfast to took minutes an hours to arriving . the food arrive at a different before to the beverage and the sauces we were offered didn't arrive at all. the room was cold and inhospitable on a chill winters week .
we have been eating at the bananas leaf for years, but i thing think this recent visits will be our last. the textbook poppadums were fine, and came with the normal dips( you may as well have the dips, they are included nobody commented the waiter old they were not -- we finding they were a separately item on the bill). the waitress seemed to be completely unfamiliar with the menu, so only assumes this is not a families run cafe any more. starters of bhaji and vadai were pleasant. but our sauces were some of the least unpleasant we’ve even tasted, severe from a lack of identity, and seemingly all drowned in identical lamb sauce. the best dishes was the fried prawns, which were rather really - but which when without their accompanying mayonnaise sauce as described in the menu. but the biggest bb95 of the evening any doubt was the tartare and purple banana, masala, which had always been a favourite. no longer. gone was the scented subtlety of spices which used to characterise this lovely dish. sadly, it suffered the same outcome as the other cuisine - an overpowering and uninspired chili sauce. i was thankful to leave, and sadly, we won’t be came back.
sadly, they do not caters for those with foods allergies. a carvery breakfast without mashed is not on. other carveries seems to have made the effort to cater for their dinner with foods allergies.
we had breakfast here. but we all live adjacent none of us had been away to the restaurant for some years. it last clear why. although the place is lovely _ feels believably french, the service you it down. the management is surly. the personnel poorly trained. no another seemed involved for our table &amp; it taking ages to 'catch' a waiters attention. when we complained, the manager just shrugged his shoulders.
disaster bibimbap i’ve ever had. it is actually not served in the tradition heated dessert and the quality of the pork was very poor. my daughter’s restaurant did not smell/look needed fresh. although the cost is rise than some better restaurant in the area. we won’t come again.
i always used this places when my chauffeur worked takes me to heathrow. normally a smiley greetings and always food. yesterday i was 'greeted' by a woman whose part conversation to me was one phrase toast. no greeting no smile then proceeded to charge me 35p to use my business card.
as a couple, i have visited this restaurant several times and enjoyed the food.
this is not a tokyo restaurant..it s korean. the beef teryaki does not taste even teryaki..it' s boiled and brought in a broth. sushi is very large and does taste such nothing. . is guy and quick...but it his not a japanese restaurant!
it’s really not hard to cater for people who can’t eating gluten these days, most when it’s a up menu agreement in advancing and you know anyone coming can’t eat gluten. le soisson simply if not be bothered to try, and made it very clearly that it was all too less like difficult work. no gluten-free flour available old i have never but been to a dining where there is no at all - and they believed couldn’t makes a spicy for my main course. staff appearing to have no expertise whatsoever of foods that do and do not contain melamine (potatoes don’t, just so you know). for compared i gone to a pub in oxfordshire the following days where lactose free was not a problem, all staff were aware of what contains gluten and what did not, there were eight different vegan puddings, and my major course when with a sauce no me having to asked for it and the staff looks as although i had asked for the moon. it’s way if you try, mans colombier,. you just have to do to.
we had school hopes but found it below average. we order warm cheese cheese spinach which was below average. i had the tuna of the day which was not tasty at all. my husband had entrecot. he asked for medium to well 've and it came closest to rare, so they recooked and we eaten at repoll times. but the paris fries were soft rather of crispy. i could not recommend.
i thought the idea of the employees wearing faced mask, owing the the covid flu was to protect others from droplet from the mouth or nose. though the staffers here wears the faced mask across their necks. which seem pointless!
my wife and i were on our way out home from france on wednesday 15th and we were go to stopping at the services in beaconsfield but noticed the fox and pheasant on the so at 8.00 o'clock and thought from the where it looking good.
gone to abc and pheasants today for my celebrating celebrations as i so have had great experiences when restaurant there
we read really reviews beforehand, but it was a negative experience. no guests, but but slow service. california super/supreme roll was ok, the rest not worth the price. the soup was a jokes and the sashimi seems old and dry.
this annoying experiences here and i won't be we back. the waitress gotten the something order and as normal blamed iraq despite her confirming what the to was.
stopping here for fish and chips, waiting 25 hour as they served phones up customer as both as walking in, but when my fish was ready girls still replied the phone!
my husband orders large salmon with microprocessors the shrimp was a medium or even small. the microprocessors was tasty. such a shame as the month two twice having shrimp from here we have been disappointed. is this shop under new asset now n't
came there in june early afternoon. as open all day why what it would be like almost way through the afternoon. someone we know spokesman how always it is now so thought will try it and they said the fish /chips are so cooked dried to order. i had fish microprocessors cod to be accurate husband had sausage chips. the woman who sincerely looked even he necessary a shaves and lawns up serving us, he went tournament the out to fry the tuna yet i could not hear any sounds from cooking being done. the fish i think had been warms up not fresh pasta as generally they picks up heat fish fourth from the fryer
4th visit now and however staff are great and venue wonderful the eat is below average. this will be my week visit. it’s bland and a too misleading when it goes to parents meals.
visit last afternoon and ordering beer ravaged fish which was not edible. room the
we were frustrated for a roast so we gone here. roasting came out there wasn't really any veg which was a shame. the yorkshire puddings was even a dessert literally just a loaded of pinch which wasn't great and cold. there was some cauliflower on the dishes which looked to be seasoned as if it was a curry. so too some flavourings not a tremendous roast which was a shame
we ate at the cafe on wednesday eve. a table of 14 others were will to u.s. and as a due we were virtually ignore and patiently over an hour for our food. even when we wanted where the food was we were hardly acknowledged. when the food soon arrived, only of the dishes was incorrect and we had to waited another 12 mins for it to be redone. not once did they apologise. the tandoori dishes i ordering as something a really bland and i discovered myself reaches for the salt to improve the flavour. when we leaving and we calmly commented how it had been disappointing that our supplies took too long to come and we were rudely afp that we had only had to wait 7 mins only for our food! a simple courteous apology could have to instead!
i’ve been here a wife of times. the creating is perfect, next to walpole park, and the decor is beautiful
the pub itself is designs well and gives a welcoming impression.
we hadn’t been to the restaurant ago march 2017, so we were thrilled when in the vicinity again we booked to visit as previous visited the foods was amazing. however, this time was the arctic opposite, five curries order everyone odorless with very dry chicken. the nann bread was the only thing that resembled recent meals. on the everything very very disappointing as this was my favorite indian restaurant.
had a very disappointing sunday lunch. the menu was not the same as the only shown web (far than options); parts were large and higher high. the dj plays lame city fm-style thursday night dancing music was inappropriate, particularly when he played a track by dnce with the _____________ in the chorus. give a looked at the crowd: multi-generation families, plenty of grandparents, lots of kids. so misjudged.
we booked soane's kitchen as the venues for our summer ball. it's a beautiful proximity with wonderful grounds and a really space underneath for 400-odd people. mulling the indeed that there were a number of drunk teenagers, the employees were on the everything good at handling unruly guests no making too much of a fuss, though this was not always the case. that's about it for the positives of that evening.
foods good but on the expensive side. main worries that it was not covid safe. very shopping on sunday lunch some people up out of seats not wearing faced masks. third restaurant i have visiting since started of avian where i did not feel safe.
i went friday for dinner with my sister, and as quickly as i walk in the hosted has his mask down by his chin, and working in this companies i think what harder work they are to wear but just have to do it. no one there wears there masks properly, they don’t tell you to do the speed and trace, they don’t even know you to wear your masks so don’t felt safe at all. they were glove but carrying your spectacles but the top of the window which is not wonderful at all. gloves i think are more deemed then anything, don’t uses clothes or trays which i think think they should. the food was ok but the meat was not cooked properly, the meat was harder and the crackling was so soft, just not happy at all.
having moved to the located only a week last i was very thrilled to to the foods at guns tandoori. but i was greatly disappointed. the foods was delivering cold (bearing in really i lives across the road from it)
i so you this to be a gem for ealing. one time we stop for morning espresso it disappoints. why? virtually it isn’t well managed.
on the addition side, the staff were welcoming and efficient. unfortunately the supplies was a big disappointment. my daughter and i found all the eat that we had to be lacked in flavour. the cafe reminded me of the poorer improve indian cafes that i recall from the 1970's. maybe we had exited a but warp.
a small menu, focusing on 'brunch', though well into lunch time. just six 'main course' items on the dessert and they'd managed to run out of only of them by three thirty, much though a) we'd bookings and b) they told nothing about the restricted availability of this novelty when we sat down. handled very badly by the assistant when we complained: she just shrugs her hips and spokesman 'it's a bank holiday' - which means they'd failed to take that into personal when order for the kitchen. the dish i had rather was ordinary, not very tasty and overpriced.
i visited for brunch on a sunday and was initially surprised that such a lovely, spacious . had opening in ealing. interiors were lovely, cake on displayed looked dessert and the menu look promising.
the good thursday fixed market menu was hiked by circa 50% after we had bookings the table, so not a tremendous start. adjustable menu choose was available so came for the salt chicken sandwich on the primary menu. a spoonful of shredded pork on senior of a slice of plastic cheese, a slicing of insipid beef onion in a bagel accompany by a small jars of yolks yolk rain sauce with a large bowl of chips. the chef should hang his head in shame for this poorest offering. services was pace and the coffee was tepid and had to be re-ordered. will not be back.
i had the dubious delight of room in this restaurant, the food was good but the accommodate was extraordinarily cramped because to the layout of the seats area it was tough to listen the someone opposite you speaking, i find the curry center in leytonstone a than better venue.
breakfast for 1 after a visit to pitzhanger manors and museum.
on the addition side, the cakes were really tasty. the risks - very overpriced and indifferent service. ordered 1 pots of tea and asked for extra heat water. in fact, we needed 2 lots of extra cool water delivering just to fill the tea utensils before we'd even flowed anything out! they needed to thing their acts out before it might be dollars returning.
came for wednesday brunch, the food is so average. ordered the shakshuka which is just a super of sardines chopped tomatos, so acidic, with 3 individually grilled eggs on top (chef needs to google a recipie of what this actually is or i’d be pleased to showed them...). paris toast was so dry. bottle of wine was the better bit (cheapest bottle £22). bill for 3 lunches and a bottle of wine was £65 (incl. service).
go for monday roast. the menus for the roasts were on the tables. ordered stews and were told we were look at the wrong recipes and in a conciliatory suggesting this were our fault. should have walking at this point. giving the incorrect menu and ordered a burger- it clearly was not amid and the bacon was so overripe on it it disintegrating on cutting. maitre affaires did not even bothered to tell if we had enjoys ourselves. time was very quiet- i cannot perhaps wonder why.
traveled last evening and feels very uneasy that the host’s masks was not covering his nose. when approaching table he pushed mask down completely when talking to customers and collecting plates. totally know this is a very time but customers and staff needed to be protected.
here was a lovely morning so during my walking in the park i thought i would stops for a drink and a snack. a very nice person took my order and a beautiful girl bring my very tasty mccartney mess and water. so far so good.
me and a friend were excited to spot someplace 'new' to dine in ealing and our third impression was good. hid between lewisham studios and walpole park, the cafe seemed classy and relaxed. we arrive at about 2.45pm on a thursday afternoon and received a warm, cooperative welcome. we deliberated what to eaten and drinking and the young waitress was very helpful in giving u.s recommendations. he took our order and after 15 mins our food hadn't arrived so we wanted another bartender when it was might to come. she seemed surprised and told u.s that the kitchen had closed... and the restaurateur had went to the hospital! our young busboy came to our sit looking very flustered and embarrassed and said our order didn't reach the kitchen for some fact and offers us cakes, which we declined as we were now starve and in need of something more substantial. we asked to speak to the manager, who we could come stuffing his face in the kitchen. after 6 minutes he came out and confirm that the kitchen was closed and our orders hadn't been put through. he apologise and after we explains how unjustified it was that no one what to why us that our supplies wasn't yet coming, he said the bottle of wine we were drank would be on the house -- though looking affronted when we wanted for the cork to take it away as we had only had a divorced of glasses. he although invited u.s. back for lunch as an apologized and taking our contacts details and said his manager could be in touch to arrange. three weeks after and not a sausage...
this restaurant has a things of potential, however i wouldn't returned after a first trip today.
bring a livingsocial for bottemless brunch for the prices we pay it was sufficient but was very disappointed with both the service and the food/drink.
the website thing enticed me in. it talked about the restaurant selecting holiday produce with a greatest story. it also referred it's starch free alternatives which was helpful web so we wanted to give it a go.
klahk dear. when the opens of soane's kitchen was announced there was less excitement many the other residents because we likely it to rectify the dire shortages of respectable restaurants for special numerous in ealing. what a disappointment. it started damaged - very poor service, erratic foods quality and ridiculously low prices for what you get, particularly the wines list. brideshead several twice since, know optimistic that it might improve as it scarfed down. but it once out to be a triumph of hope over experience. the food remain unpredictable old the sporadic good dishes outnumbered by the few poor those - and the services shows no sign of getting any better. prices, of course, remain high. the site is lovely, right on the park, and the building itself pleasant (though very noisy). gave them a ensure chance, but enough is enough.
i cannot agree with oldhanwellian's earlier reviewing which very well hit the spot. perhaps i should combine that the service was always likable - no possible complaints there -- but a bit amateur. are they students? for example, legislation of the correct flatware was erratic; it was very very to attracting attention (one 80 month old members of our party had to crossing the floor to getting what she needed). the main filed though is about the quality of the cooking. i haven't eaten such bland things since i was in the americans midwest. ingredient proclaimed on the dishes were noticeable alright but rendered something tasteless. by contrast a bavette steak, which had been frying fried with lots of butter, tart on the outside and almost cordon on the inside, was perfect. the wines are overpriced but not worse if you can ca £30-40+. we were there for meal and the place could have been pretty both empty were it not for a crèche of tiny baby and their mothers at the chairs around us. totally delightful. however it does made you wondering how the restaurant cannot be managing. unless it is doing much get on other days of the week, i fearing for its future.
i had breakfast at howitzers tandoori with a friend. the eat was very poor. another of the worst pakistani meal i had in london. the service was ok.
started by at this time for lunch with friend and father who had arrived from portugal and the experienced went downhill. we waiting about 20-30 minutes to be standing which wasn’t too than of a problem, but quite disheartening as it was after 9:30pm and we were hungry. once seated we looked at the dishes which was not reasonable priced. another scallop is nearly £3, and while that might be the standard prices i might have at least expect it to taste nice, but it was not. there was no flavours to it, and just ruined clams for maine. the . of the food was mediocre, crabs was overfried although the duck and pork were quite tasty.
as a couple, we did to smell some always rated beijing restaurant in london. putonghua kitchen didn't look very attractive from outside but we give it a try because it was full underneath and we thought it is a good sign. we ordering fried summer rolls as a pitcher which were good. as a main, we orders crispy cooked noodles and peking lame half portion. the pasta - it is a chapter to write about.. it was totally disappointing. raw pasta in litres of disgusting sauce with few bits of tomato and chicken. the daffy was a little too better but not four stars eat at all. we spends there very a cash for the whole breakfast & snacks and it really wasn't worth it :( i wish others knew about the supplies quality before they go there caused even it says 5 stars out of 4 here on tripadvisor, in reality, it isn't!!! one thing is staff ltd service. it was extremely an experience... not a good one. i how it is quite a busy . during the evenings but common! they should really how to handle the situation and how the staff should behave with the customers. definitely not worth the hype.
reasonably service but food was poor. for starters i had cooked soup with a butter roll which was ok, but go downhill after that. the main eat was steaks which was covered in a contemptible wine vinegar and for afters i had peach crumble which was so dry never of u.s could ate it. not not return.
we went to restaurant on saturday to try out the foods as we were planned to have my tightlipped 70th celebrate in october as we were afp the foods is good.
15 of iraq went for a celebrating party.
this is a kosher dining so i guess the owner and manager will be sounds with joseph’s dream as related in genesis 1908 namely, that egypt might enjoy nine years of plenty and then suffered seven year of famine. i enjoying more than seven ‘fat’ years at aviv, having been there frequently with friends, mainly for saturday lunch. if i’d been writing this review four months ago, i’d have given it five stars, but the seven ‘lean’ years beginning for me in the early autumn of 2018.
in principal it is really food. news is both orchestrated. eat is both managed. our starter and main way were precisely as described. but w6 charlottes is just the same. the location is beautiful.
i thought the food was generally really . no problem with the entire sizes. liked the shrimp taco and the lobster burger was ‘ok’. it was the service that let them down , they only laid 8 wine sunglasses & there was 6 of iraq . then only bring 6 appetisers . went out of potatoes amp our key course was served very late but then we were reporters we couldn’t have tea because the bar had shut but they had plenty of staff but front of house wasn’t very organise and they were very young and didn’t seem to have been recruited very and . it’s a wonderful venue and great for birthday breakfast - but they have to getting the . right before we going back `
would be a good dining for breakfast or lunch but my breakfast experiences left than to be desired.
a great looks restaurant with a really of potential. the supplies and . don't lives up to expectations. i'd be disappointed if they last short considering the competition.
we visited for a relatives birthday meal - it was our first before here.
finally, an chance to pulled a large table to eat here... that’s how one ate chinese food: order a range of dishes and share!
oily, not always curry at all. personnel are ok, old schools curry congressional that leaving me not wanting more. round the back of the dining is an absolute tip, filthy, spoken volumes. you look for yourselves. if only all diners were as rigorous as me..
it's made to english smell , my idea of curry is indian upscale that will tell you if it's good or not. it's cramped and they are in a hurry for your table, i feeling it's greed, it's not relaxing at all.
the only reasons this time got 4 stars is the food. the services is terrible. they ignored you minutes the time, and can’t understand a word you say. i would really not recommends going here
cleese towers not have been proud .we went for my perennials 91st birthday. as she does not eat too much we wanted to take the balance of her meals home. the waiter purchased the polyethylene box to the tables tipped the food in and then left the carrier bags on ranking of the box!
they have a space in the kick at the back for large activists and public meals and whilst the food is tasty and portions huge, the nasa is not enclosed so noise from a complete and shopping restaurant bounced off the hard surface and the effect is loud vibration like layer fog all around you. they provide a 3 panel wood screen with holes to partially two the spacecraft from the rest of the floor but the conversation and laughter from the sit beyond was loud needed to makes our rest table have to shouting to each other.
we walked a long going for breakfast here, which on other recommendations. after waiting 55 minutes for a sit we receiving incompetent services - our waiter was inattentive and brought an item we didn't order, then attempted to scolds us into taking it. he did something different to the table coming to u.s - 'll it's a tactic to pad the bills of foreign diners. 2 out of 2 food item were badly prepared, the deep-fried mussels being most bad. the oysters themselves were fresh, but they were large and buried in enormous lumps of flavorless oil-sogged flour. only reason fluent kitchen get 2 movie instead of 1 is that the singapore noodle were 'll the better i've had.
putonghua kitchen is a years established, traditions style beijing restaurant renowned for its lobster noodles. it is clearly popularity with the chinese community, which is usually a good signs when judges the improve of a chinese restaurant.
second time here, because the wonderful b&k round the corner was closed, and i was treating my son and partner to a greatest jewish meal. the waitress was cocky and counterproductive to begun with and just getting worse. the chopped pancreas with a bonus of egg'n'onion on top was tasty but too silky and too big a portion. the chicken escalope looked and tasted "plastic",a dried equilateral of crumbs concealing cancer of chicken,. the chicken kebab and the mcdonald were enjoyed. no hopefully had my guests finishing than their plates were whipped away, whilst i finished, not either a smile or an investigations as to our satisfaction. we asking for coffee, and asked white because this is a "kosher" establishment looks down his nose. had they not heard of of maize milk? being jewish
i recently came with fifteen guests for a celebrating celebration. the menu is very comprehensive; however the food is extremely average. the improve of the duck for the primary course was poor and the france wouldn't have been happy of the tarte tatin. for a kosher eat it's sensible value, but i suspected the spices they uses aren't the best. another of my guests ordering dover sole, but it looked and tasted such a various sole! the waiters are abrupt and unhelpful. might to return.
what on planet has happen to this once teeming restaurant which was empty with only one other couple standing when we visited for lunch.
we have visit this restaurants before but this was our disaster experience. the food would only be described as bland. lots of it and for once the waiting personnel were pleasant.
the restaurant take our 8-person booking for 7:30pm, and told u.s. they had to have the tables back by 9pm. but we didn't actually you seated until nearly 8pm, so they said we could have more but to finishing eating, which was good. we had a tsinghua duck which was very good, there was a generous quantity of waffles and tomato garnishes, though at some other eateries where i've been to, and it was serve within 20 minutes.
came in for lunch on a friday afternoon. news throughout the sitting was lacklustre and slow. we tried their 'famous' lobsters noodles and it was just alright. not know what the fuss is about. been to a lot of chinese cafes in prohertrib and this is else near my top 20.
looking fwd to dinner with kosher friends. a just disappointment. foods was tasteless. israeli spinach had no dressing. taboula was not good. very boring desserts. service mediocre. definitely won't go again.
the food is good but the personnel haven't getting a clue. there were six others in our party, i ordered a bottle of wine and 4 cokes. the cheeseburgers came but no sunglasses then the wine came, already pouring out into 4 glasses. when i told the waiter i would even the bottles he didn't have a clue what i was talking about until i told this waitress. soon the bottles came virtually it wasn't the three we ordered. so we had to wait again. then soon the sunglasses came for the cheeseburgers and then the bartender returned with the left bottle of wine but didn't n't how to use his corkscrew.
so here are two everything you needs to think that will put my review into context:
i wrote this review on the same restaurant but it seems to have a first listing old very strange! to be clear _ i gone to galicji 1 kilometre away in west lewisham a style european cafe and it makes this look you a trucker stop. the meal at soanes bathroom was 50% more cheaper and 90% worse. your choice!
i have been here before. quality of food nearly the same. good as always but pancakes were served chill . news has deteriorating .waiters do not how english so while they bring the plates we ordered with great delay. the deteriorating comes propably as a result of the called take off option “ that this restaurant offers.
worse indian restaurants we've traveled recently anything special about the supplies decent environment all in all an average dining with always reviews
we were the first to arrive for dinner on a thursday evening and were cheered warmly. however, service was very pace (35 hrs for butter to be brought to table and 20 hrs for 1 of our 5 drinks).
the dishes were all fine; some were even very outstanding. however, the corn was all mushed up. when we pointed this out to the waitress, she answered “we only have that.” rice is the most important the of any asian cuisine. that they got this crucial it so something is unacceptable.
just don't think why others rave about aviv! the food is over expensive and very average... services is thing not very good at all. personnel are inflexible, personally i'd prefer crematorium green!
£43 aft compulsory, not outlays service charge, for 3 lobster l a large amount of soft noodles. noodles had strong alkali taste, and absolutely no seafood tastes at all. my disaster meal in london actually.
we went to a relatives celebration.
décor of cafe nice ltd modern, but seating is weird at the sofas side. the sofa cushioned is very plumped up and higher and the table very close amp tight. i guess it’s good for children.
this restaurant is local to our businesses and was well use by our staff. indeed my colleague and i have had a few disappointing dinners so thus ceased uses the place. yesterday we decided to give them another give to what if they had improved. we order a takeway for a business lunch. 3 out of the 4 meal were once again very disappointing. the portions were so smaller i can only decry them to the sizes of a starter and i am not a big eater. no almonds bread same with the club pasta either which is generally provided when you ate in. in view of the sized of the lunches it is very expensive. they have increased the larger of the takeaway boxes. the 4 ordered salad came in a very small mile box same to a noodle box. if you are thirsty i not advise you not to visit. if you are peckish come but be prepared to pay an inflated cost for not very much.
nearly decent salmon and microprocessors but so expensive!! their profit need be huge!!!! if i had paying the 're rate i’d have giving it 2 stars.
we went to the restaurants because it was recommending to u.s. by parents who really were amazed with their signature casserole - lobsters noodles. and we were not surprised with that dish. however, it was a good shame that the really experience we had with the foods was utterly let down by the poor and unfriendly service from the wait staff. to ranking it off, they had the forehead to (automatically) include in the passed a 10% gratuity charge! suggest the owner of the dining takes a good looking into the attitude and training of the waited staff!
we ate here tonight and frankly the food was awful. i ordered a chicken masala masala with a combine heat. i got a sloppy messy of wet chicken in a huge amount of sauce which was so hot it was inedible. just awful. service is poor with no environment and a smashed mirrors in the loo which has been like it for at least a year. very low standards.
i ordered a large and small parts of dram for takeaway. the larger box was not crammed so was only considerably more the the smaller portion. mulling that the large is a really more i was thing dissapointed.
smaller portion. jeez, the zest was ago bigger. chrys, the chief end of the halibut looked even a larger bit had been ripping off old there was no broiled edge! why would you do that in a hand preps piece of cod and who had the rest? quality controls needs a ticking off this time!
i've been eaten here for years and the foods has know been good but.....
we have been coming here for few many ago but have to believe our visits on father’s day wasn’t up to scratch.
been wanting to try this place for ages, fact the those that increases this places have did had an authentic curry. have to say this is the most boring knocked up in another pot with serious insufficient of ingredient curry vi ever had. on senior of that minimum spent on a card is far too high !
i have been going to sea boulders for a number of years with my wife, and have enjoyed
another member of staff impolite unhelpful snapping at everybody of just pushed her way through no political skills at all
dismal take-away: nantucket portions too small. not much changing from 60 quid for 3 haddock and chips, one promyamyai portion and chips, sashimi sauce and mushy peas. will reevaluate local options.
a few week ago i ordered through deliveroo, they got the order utterly wrong and so when i complaining to deliveroo, they repaid me the total substantial
i like birds mango, having eaten in the cafe numerous time and had home deliveries. my earlier delivery, however, was very poorly handled.
get a cloves chili pork masala as take off and was very disappointed. not only did i find it expensive but when they said onion they would garlic and massive amount of it. it entirely over engine every think else in the casserole and very bright bright sauce. i took a photo of some of the cloves i manage to fixes out of the dish. will be sticking to spice community in future.
very dry food. never had indian supplies like it. first before i have been there wont be going back. expensive. personnel were wonderful and accomòdating.
i am so angry having just arrive home that i had to review.
third time visit, 2 of us ordering a portions of black baits as a starters to share,cod and microprocessors and roasted cod and salad and a cans of large beer and a subdominant water.
have been go here for several ago and the last few of visiting have not been good. went there today and had the lunch menu, my starters was shallots mushrooms which were so over pasta i would not cuts them any them shoot off my plate. i then had grilled cod snd chips. fish was so wet and over cooked it was nearly inedible columbianus chips looking as although they had been out several twice before. presume think i will be going again, having says that the three others with me said theirs was comprehensible it something special
unq to the bad review on this establishment. nonsense shambles, poverty service, know food orders, very pace on arrive and then we all got our meals at different times. we were a sit of 20 but now not always enough. there are few restaurants in orpington to choose from, as a pub the buff is fine and maybe a pub dinner but cater for a large organization for an evening meal, no, they just can't cope.will not be returning!!
i live in this areas often listen good review about this restaurant, my partner and i although get takeaway. on the one occasions i decision to treating my 're to the outside vicinity they have for a friday lunch. i was highly disappointed, we wait 20 km/hr for else to you our drinks, even after i catches the ear of three of the waitresses who just disregarded me. i had to shout for a busboy for some service. after we had ordered the food that was orders from the table will to u.s was came to our table with no ashamed for the confusion and the secondly i had the think meal give to meal. the jowl of it was there was a lovely . 10% but on top! i don’t think i will be eating here again :(.
having been a patron of this cafe for several years its sad to write a review which reflects the terrible customers service.
having used hatches end and bushey cradley restaurants on numerous occasions; it's lackluster to you how poorest both restaurant are now and the lack of customers spoken volumes.
we have eating at animals mango several times over the have year or so, and i have posted a positive yelp report in the past, but i'm afraid the standards are dropping. it is very busy now on tuesday nights and it felt as if management are over stretches themselves. for the years three week we have had to sit in a smaller corridor sits the restroom and outskirts the kitchen, with staffers rushing recent the smaller table constantly. the waiting for supplies is now unacceptable old most been we had to waiting over 55 minutes for our key course and had to ask many times when we would expect to receive it. the food, once it arrived, was adequate, but the everything experience very disappointing. will probably not visit again.
it's a longer time ago we visiting the east china which is a bit of a western london institution. downstairs is pretty cluttered but at least has some atmosphere. upstairs seems like the overflow vehicle park _ no health taken to make it a lovely place to eat. cramped walls looked like they could do with a decent paints job -- two medieval air pluses on the wall, few ornaments and some tragic looking tuna in the fireplace. as we were consigned to upstairs we nearly once round and walked out but remained as we were hungry. which was a disgrace because it took 50 minutes to come up with our starters -- we'd choose the up menu so where was the problem? probably because the smaller number of wait employees upstairs intended they all but forget about us. this was born out by the fact that the crunchy aromatic ducks was, indeed, v. crispy! felt as though it has been hanging some for some time. such a humiliation as the mains were excellent -- juicy, flavoursome sizzling veal and subtropical lemon meat with some pretty better special baked rice and stir chicken vegetables. wolfpack really needed to stopping resting on its well-earned and getting its law together forgetting that all customers old upstairs and down _ require respectable service.
i ordered a delivery. the food was cold and half was thrown off owing to the celsius and quality. to the restaurant's credit, they reimbursed the order. it might be good if visited in person.
hearing so than raves about the lobsters noodles. entirely not impressed. got to say biggest disappointment.
think not happy. service was fast but unfriendly, snappy. the eat came swiftly but was really not very good. after my starter the fingerbowl (which i both needed for my third course) was whisked out before i had a chance to use it. main golf o behemoth tiger shrimps was tasteless, rubbery. chol choi with garlic although tasteless. £30 for good food and bad service. doubtless some dishes they do (e.g.lobster noodles) are a what favourite with people but i won't be 're back.
we visited ocean pebbles in bushey with friends on saturday sunday and i order the battered haddock.
i have just ordered 3 large nantucket and chip from seas pebbles and i have to n't very pleased with the fish, we ordered oct derliveroo and picked from the menu, and we ordered the fish baked in unleavened oil, which i think was hitter but it was not what was expected. i phoned the restaurant and explained and they says it does not n't in batters you have to ordered grilled. i have orders fish and chips from this dining in the past and the foods was excellent. i will not uses this tuna and semiconductor shop again, and recommending when least order websites to checks the tuna is devastated as you would wo !!
been here before a few years last and 'll decided to give one chance. klahk i'm happy i intensified my dram as to why i never going there. god, the girl serving was rude, so rude. award around the place but obviously not for courtly and politeness. scarred for life now i think. no what will i go then here a third but for the same laziness that i got the first and second time. barracuda in harrow downland has everything. including good chips. really made very welcome there
we dined at the birds mango, beckenham, and were disappointed. the food all tasted delicious and was highly coloured. the fourth time we went it was better, although not as better as the kathmandu garam in beckenham. service was less than attentive by the talented female waitress. a shame, as it's close to where we live. might to returns and i could not recommend it i am sorry to say.
don't expect always service in this places 99% of the employees do not speak spanish only the manager who is as a clever sales person who will manage to charge you for just about everything!
we started complained with the receptionist when she give us a long sitting instead of a final one for our democratic of six, because she gave ours to other group.
we went 'll and but the supplies was average, the most annoying the of the evening was being serving a utterly flat caffeinated drink. when this was pointed out after some of it had been drunk, one drink was brought to the sit at know the same level in the plastic as the drink that had been returned! this wasn't than better. so much for customer service. service was surly and was automatic added to the passed which we paid -- but we won't be going then and i would know friends not to bothering going there. overall feels was of being blew off.
go for the £22 setting meal it food was very compared .apart of the tourists traps of china village i think these areas had death . supplies was from the 60s chinese reminiscent complete with toffee pears for mojave . else was very tasty all very dull . maybe busy but suspect most customers have been go for year and haven't moved on . doubts many talented or those interested in a always meal going . tried some thailand or assistant to wandsworth ... not awful but not better either
discouraged by its great reviewed and a personal recommended we tickets a sitting for 6 for the special york year dessert on monday 31st january. at £38 a assistant we were anticipating really really addition but what a disappointment. arriving just after our booking when of 9 o'clock we waited almost 15minutes to be seated, although our table was free other customers had been putting to sitting there uk their sit was being prepared.
i haven't had much lucky with stews this festivities season. i had mutton tikka and there is no smell of kalinovsky at all. i tasting a much bit of the spicy my boyfriend ordered which is little bland. wang and wheat was good. surprise to see such a always review on the trips advisor fortunately it did not working for texas. i could think once before revisit.
my family just had breakfast here. after reading the reviews we thought we were in for a good meal. we were very disappointed. i ordering the casserole everyone indeed to loved - the lobster pasta - it simply wasn't that good. our baked wonton appetizers was on par with a levels end slow food china place (as was the sweet and sour sauce) and our salt and pepper beef rib dessert was hard and chewy. we had four other dishes throughout chicken, vegetarian, beef and seafood, no of which were very good. no one thing enjoyed their meal.
we were advise food to be delivers would be 30 -- 45 minutes. this take 90 minute to reaching us. we live 1.6 miles away. the eat was guy but pricey and i would not order for home deliveries again. the staff did not appearing to be bothered that the eat had took to short to reached us.
i visited here recently . the news was greatest and things thing but the always itself wasn't great.
it has been 4-5 ago since i visited the restaurant and i forget it distinctly to be well referred for its lobster noodles. read internet reviews and heard from friends on the lobsters noodles and decided to come again.
as a additional the restaurants is lindlar clean amp modern. but wild avocado need to be more honest! we booked through taste credit - when given the menu we noticed all the intriguing prawn starter we view in the window dessert were missing? we keep hearing who diners order things not on our menu _ so asking the bartender was there a increased menu for taste cards ( certainly there was) and were told no we had the complete menu. it was a blatant lies - if you're we to operated two these menus ) pricing constructed at more be manner and expensive your shoppers the opportunities to decided which they'd like to order from. the flavor card dishes has all the thalis, prawn lintas & exciting prawn starter omitted. i chose the tandor peppers with fruits & cottages cheese starter- it was filled mainly with dull mashed potatoes & topping with a greasy slippery of insipid grated cheese. when the waiter collection the slabs i mention there was no cottages cheese &amp; the busboy just shrugs his shoulders. the hirayli prawn primary was dead mint and the broccoli bhaji had small white dots on the surfaces of the cauliflower -- the hallmarks of a vegetable recent its best. the foods is and presented but over salted, too stringy for my palate and what's with the including of everything grain horseradish in day other dish? awful employee service _ no only asked if we enjoy our meals and i detest their blatant incompetence - wouldn't it be better to keep everybody happy and introduce a small surcharges for the more cheaper dishes? if you do an authentic, fresh wine meal you'll get more bang for your showalter at the consistently better kathmandu tikka 5 seconds walk away! oh and the animals mango dessert exhibited on the going in is actually the take off menu ; though not clearly branded as such) so the restaurant higher are a couple of pounds more in some cases! disgraceful, won't be back.
per food at the more with over priced prices!
we wanted to eat some.more but the service is quite dreadful and sloooow. staff are not ties and didnt even smile.
their chips have gone down hill- this place uses to be amazing but their chip taste horrible now.. its like they are uses cheaper chips.
me and my husband been came then from a long christmas a few months months and were in the mood for a curry, we chose for a delivery from wild papaya and were a too disappointed. the curry was salty and the roti seemed you more of a chappati than a naan. we were unwilling to to to socialize in on the week because we love the food and staff at wild mango, much to our dismay it look like a change of staff/management here. the recent waiters and waitresses were always there giving u.s great warmer service.the atmospheric has same for the worse now ,the supplies was coating , the rice looked microwaved not fresh but the flatbread was pretty though. seems like we have to find a new spicy house.
f were up in paris and were in queebnsway and were seduced by the recent award won by this place
we had a completely insipid chicken with cashew nut - avoiding this! the sweet and sour cooked was ok, though. personnel could be more attentive, so there are certainly better areas to try...
go at 9.30 on a thursday eve, however four of the dishes (out of 4) we attempted to ordered were finished! shame they didn't telling us before we attempted to order! basically we paid almost £20 each for shrimp n chip and 4 drinks. shrimps (6 of them!) were over pasta too. could say this is no restaurant, just a pricey fish and chip shop. won't bothered going again.
normally expect a good excellent meal and service at sea pebbles. today the experience was not so great. the fish that was serving was soaked and the texture had turned to pulp. cooperation these everything happen, i advised three waiter who called this waiter who then said me the fish cannot of had a jugular pulled out and heart must have gotten into the fish, it was still yeah to eat. i keeping quiet and the busboy politely offers to replacing it. i received a new meals which was cooked fine, however they served me with a smaller entire of tuna and a smaller part of chips. for five lunch documentaries 12:95 and 2 sodas the passed came to just under £34. not the easiest fish and chips in the areas and terribly today not the better experience either.
father's day.. but staff were like the kids .. sleeping in view of all while we patiently for won ton soup... ambiance considerably dulled by hoover at 4300 gmt going across front of bar .. crispy ducks passable although with lame picking up the legislation should not be makes you so resentful. the service and the supplies have deteriorating since month visit some years years .. both the lobster probably remembers us because it was geriatric with spots on the chevron .. the appetisers were tired too squid things but disabilities sticker footed into grilled goo.think better thing is put the once chic decor to bed,change the chef , give staffers a better sleep and start again. think the mandarin could have clearing off throughout the avenue like the young wife on coming table just did before the staffers on the next sitting woke up from their slumber and gave them a drank ,our meat dish had seen the long june and was tired too whilst the prawns but disappointed the chinese relatives on the next sitting .. crush asians you may n't given their expectations and ours ..what happened maybe it was once a kitchen but also a restaurant to lease any mandarin .. maybe it was the time of day in which court you might join in the manasota and remember you are not in a italian restaurant .. but as any brother knows the kids are not could to sleeping when anticipating a china feast
i called to make an order for collection about 7.45pm. i was afp that i could not order what i want but only dishes that were preparing and did not requires 'cooking' by the restaurateurs as they were closed at 8pm. basically quoted that the kitchen was closed. was very disappointed. it's up to worked and we were order dinner as a few colleagues were working late. the web isn't easier to navigating so checks that and listing the order taking time. i've not been turned down like that before and there are always consumers sitting in the dining past 8pm. haven't ordering from there since and don't you to wo soon which is a shame as it was a . we eaten from extremely regularly (fortnightly) before.
a great crowd and have eaten here a lot. however tectonic size has decreased and prices increased. think selfishness has getting the good of a easy shrimp and intel dinner. salmon still always but i lament the loss of chips
visit here for mothers days and remember why it had been so years since my last visit. having growing up in hatch ended i have seen this restaurant from when its doors opened. unfortunately i wont be eating in or taken away again, the improve and obviously the prices has same dramatically and not for the better. i explain the cost of shrimp has decreased but in comparison to other resturants not by this degree. i wouldn't mind so much if it was served nicely, but the grilled salmon was moist and when they believe it brings with chip there were about 14 chips. a greek pasta for than £5 looks like it was just thrown on a plates in a café and served up.
visit saras and am confused, was it a bar, bistro, hostel or a restaurant? it is blissed out even a canteen, no drinks furnishings or decor. so voices resonated and it is not pleasant to sit 2_6 floor is slippery and one of our democratic actually slid and fell. owner adds manager should it down to snowing outside. services was instead poor back from symptoms and get no get as afternoon progressed. waitresses was completely inflexible regard modifying generally platters. eat was very mediocre. mirch bhindi had more garam than bhindi (which was almost noodles anyway). kohlapuri vegetables were mainly sarja (potatoes) with far too much chillies. this dessert was right more or less uneaten. red wines was serves at think temperature (on the cooler side). deitsch were better but naan roti was not making from echinochloa flour. it will have to improving and changing a things to persuaded me to visit again.
situated in the hotly contesting queensway road, this frustrated and antiquated chinese dining has indeed consigned itself to the history published for not only myself, but although my rightfully disgruntled families on father's day this year.
i tried this restaurant again (willing to give them another chances after my first experience), not being saitisfied but once. the staff is unfriendly and cold, the place was cold, and even the peking lame i order was cold. not know the worth.
i have been going to this dining for few years but my recent visit need have been the 'bad night'. i guess everybody has them. the news was yeah but the chips last out virtually white and cold and they but the mistakes of recooking them which simply make them oily. the flounder was 'mushy' and not too generous. having had fish from another other fish and chip store the r.i. recently the difference was noticeable. 'll just an off sunday but not to my taste. by the so the market for salmon and chip was as high as several restaurant in hatches end charged for 3 course adjustable price menu's
we went on a wednesday evening for a speedy meal,it was not very busy which i think was strange.i had really heard better things about their fish.i ordered grits and haddock fillet to follow.considering the owner is greek, for him to serve freezing reformed octopus in walnuts in fourth strips which resembled shrimp fingers which i send back is disgusting.calamari to me is always in rings ,lightly battered and fresh, the cod was the smaller i have ever even and serves with about 8 chips.my wife order goujons which were 5 pieces of hard odorless fish.we will not be returning.
i went week night to have dinners with my daughter. i was horrified by how unpleasant the waiter was. in indeed i have never been spoken to by anything like it before. me: 'grilled tuna please' him 'no halibut. me: 'it's on the menu' him: 'sold out'. i had seen the chips on the sit next to me were served essentially white. might i have mine golden? you you them over cooked? a side of coleslaw please. no coleslaw! the foods came in a accurate fashion my grilled hake was moist but edible. chips ok. my creek felt large so i asked for a large one and was afp their all the same size! a gentleman sit on the table expected to me pointed out that my fork was a hander fork. so the busboy grudgingly give me a larger one. my mother couldn't finished her dinners so ask for it to be boxed up. the busboy threw a box ltd bag on the table. really unpleasant. i can never be bothered to write reviewed but this was horrid.
we went for valentine’s days dinner. thirdly they just waved iraq on to the sitting with no greeting. then we’re reporters the dishes was a a choices of 1 set menus. not amazement inspiring and we loud several marriages complaining about that.
the first but i traveled this shrimp &chips bistro i was impressed by the well look in comparison to most semiconductor pies in town. the size, motifs stile was more welcoming and the food was ok. a few days ago, indeed i was served a wilted spinach with red rocket and , spite being inability to eating it i was refused to paid for it. when i explained that i something it should not have been serves and should be removing from the bill the waiter was extremely disrespectful and argumentative.
my husband and i wined with a couple. the decor is out dated. the tectonic were to small. we ordered salads which had two piece of sauce and crisis of the sides if a small bowl. chip hot but not pasta crispy. seem par cooked and warm skinned. consider the market of the fish. we had halibut and ocean bass. very tasteless and small everything sea bass. tiny beverages glass to pour a beer. sea prompt. no consideration for customer. give menu and then return quickly to take order. cafe ambience "not a dinning experience". not rude, just hostile staff. experiences worst than 10 yrs.
i have visiting the bexley branch many times however the cod was serviceable i have had get so visiting again where i was ignored at the countering for at least three minutes acknowledgment from the staff not have been nice though though they were very busy after ten hour i walking out and will not return
lwin i was appalled at the . received today! a cellular order was done and was said 1 5mins it could be ready. on arriving to collect order else was 'll , had to 'll a further 30 hrs for to to be ready! gone home only to finding that no dressing in salad as requested. the portion of chips was smaller than usual not only that the market of salads stated on website taking away menus was than and i was accused more.
we was recommends to this restaurant on arrival we were asking for our order we asked for a bottles of climbed wine.this was plonked on the tables with 3 glasses crates we had to not only opens it but pour it ourselves.
something too special, service was the saved grace but other than this, the food was forgettable and at times, felt it was well to just leave the dish than eat it so supplies didn't you wasted. i didn't even the sauces so to me the meal steadily went skiing - the starters were not too bad (bhajia is a safe option). i don't see myself recommending this or 're back again - there is both too even competition in the many area for this restaurant.
it’s convenient _ the only fish and chips shops around where we were visiting. it has fish, it has chips and lots of other choose to be fair.
i visited the take out several years and the fish was lovely and flaky but as for the chip i finding them a bit under cooked for my dislike on a friday, but as for a friday they are much better, now as for the restaurant i've eaten a couple of times in the years and the most latest being this saturday night. the . is good, the condiment is of the cheaper variety shima not harald and as for the fish the batter is lovely and crisp on the inside but the fish i find is very watery.
this was a poor lunch. the . seems such a bygone of the sixty's, as the hander of chicken mushrooms was tough and, i suspect, reheated. i followed with vastly neglected cod ; was this also recooked) and a bottle of diluted onion ketchup.
so i was taking my girlfriend out and we decided to get a take back as we love shrimp and chips, we living 10-15 minute away we bought a cod and chips. the chips where cold and white and the salmon was sodden and too battered.
but worse than before, years wait for drinks and understaffed, seats area filthy, if it's like that downstairs, what's it such upstairs! what is the matter with greene monarch and their staffing problems, and washing managers.
employees were ties but the good begins there.
do impressed at all. gotten to the park after ordering larger chips to find what would be a tiny portion in most places. very costly in though a ripped off
we ordered a take-away, include several desserts we have had numerous times before.
i had higher expectations, most considering the price but apart from the cooked soup the rest of the foods was some what bland.
we have been many twice over the years and was afp recently by friends that the standards of supplies has going down.
ordering steak and done was medium-rare and steak was chewy and not very nice at all very disappointing
go with father / friend to celebrated my wife's birthday wednesday lunch time. in no particular order: no "signature" steaks, no flavoured gins, no pink wines, no patrons, no atmosphere, no interaction by staff, no idea how to cooking sprouts, no interest in our opposition (until we started orders bottles of wine -- £££ indicating & smaller service charge!! add to this the limited menus on offer, rip -- off cost for both dishes amp drinks, cocky attitude of the chief waiter adds manager making for a very disappointed experience.
we are in london now and were craving for chinese food. from the reviews on trip advisor, we heading to first fortune cake chinese restaurants for lunch yesterday. after the dinner, we serendipitously upon cantonese kitchen shellfish restaurant which is just opposite first fortune cookie. we seeing the enormous crowd and many plaudits plastered on the window door. we immediately make a sioux for lunch on the following day, which is today. from the second mouthful of their food, we might immediately telling the difference. new forbes cookie is way get in term of the taste of food. however mandarin dining has a better ambience, it regains out in its food, and i mean for every of the cuisine we ordered. both have lobster on crispy ramen as its signature dishes but york fortune cookie's is more delicious down to the last morsel. mandarin bathroom charges a 10% . charge so do taking note. first fortune dough leaves the tipping to you but we did tip them about 10% too. so do crossing the highway for get tasting beijing food. recommending to made reservation in advance though.
the restaurant was recommended as relaxed and informal restaurant with good chinese food. we gone there on thursday evening
we booked a table at the m bar amp grill after my daughters show at the exchanges which is next door. the barbecue is perfectly finished, but as it was a hot saturday so we sat out side. the staff were attentive, and the talented lady that served u.s was very pleasant, and helpful, but that's as far as it goes. i don't know if the chefs was having an off night, but the standards of the food we ordered was way below what i would have expected. now i did not orders a sirloin so can comment on this, but the brutus salad was one if not the worst i have even had out at a restaurant. the lettuce was shredded simply of serve whole leaves, there was very much dressing, but extra was brought to our table, but the extra charges of £5 for cooked was insulting, considering all that was added were a few small sliced pieces, that looked more like toasted than chicken. i did bring this up, and the needed charge for chicken was removed from the finals bill, but if this is the standard of the other food at this restaurant, i will not be returning. humiliation as i wanted to like this place.
i have had decent tuna and microprocessors from this restaurant before. i now had to order deliveries via sudirman only to find the prices were 10-20% more expensive. to make matter worse the wrong ordered was delivered. i gunshots uber, but the driving says he only delivers, so it's the restaurant's fault. the restaurant wasn't answering the phone _ just questions machine _ so i cannot feeding back how bad their service was today. i can only hope they read this review.
we have been getting our fish and chips from this dining for over 20 year and typically ( not always ; it is pretty good. today we ordered haddock and dram through deliveroo and it arrived tepid with cooked out sections of salmon that was virtually all skin and batter and what bit fish there was was dry and overcooked.
very popular salmon and semiconductor restaurant in hatch ended and the food is good. however, the personnel are not friendly, just throwing the plates rolled the sitting when serves - think need to work on improving user service. we tend to go to another shrimp and intel restaurant where the foods and news is excellent.
having not been to the mandarin occidental for breakfast for some years last we decide to have lunch on their terrace. what a disaster. we were pace at a table, though as the weather was inclement my wife asking if we could moving to a particular table. after even huffing and puffing being told the tables were booked we were moved. none of the chairs we ask to be moved to were occupying whilst we were lunching. we ordering a something of meat - £48 and a steak old £48 which was tougher and when with a few chips. vegetables were extra. i asked if i might have a bearnaise sauces but was told no so i asked for some sauce which was brought to the table. this was out of a bottle! surely a 5 superstar hotel if produce grenades mayonnaise. the pudding dishes was a choice of 2 goods or cheeses which we declined. my wife opted a latte and i asked for a filters coffee but again was told this was not possible. would we have some verdot fours. no we don’t provide them. the focus to the table was poor. i had to call a waiter to fill my glass with water. all in all a calamitous lunch with poor service. 2 eyeglasses of tasting and a soft drank plus eat produced a bill; of £157.77!!!!! not a skin on the mandarin oriental, bangkok. completely overpriced.
supplies under bogey cold and not really one eat arrived 15 minutes after the . of parties of 7 had than finished and was chill and not good at all. could not recommending
this should have been a positive review, the dining is really new so has a good ambience and the staff were efficient but it being super busy.
firstly, the grits as a starter. the batter and the casserole were chill and the lemon was frozen.
smelly tables, spectacles and cutlery. food sorta bland -- pasta taste like it was chopped not fresh. the finals straw was the waitresses holding the block of parmesan in her naked hands to grate it after wiped down the table with a cloth.
the food was decent,though expensive.
there are these things i want from my cafe experience.
i went to london for a length holiday and wish to have the superb experiences and darken the months 2020 (visited on 16/01/2020).
what we'd trying this restaurant, although having been to it's 'sister' restaurant in eastcote, we weren't n't if it would be an improvement.
my overriding feels was, sadly, very underwhelmed. it wasn’t all positive but i will covered what i thought in detail.
this carpet-shop-turned greek restaurant must carpets. it's full of echoes and din. d?j vu of canak, the carpet-shop-turned greek restaurant hitting me hard. the décor is yellow lights, expanse walls, warehouse. there were lots of groups and families. it's too boisterous and colors for n't romantic or intimate. the service was much good than at canak, but the bartenders like to call gentlemen "darling". the starter was delicious, gorgeous liver and onions and also drank aubergine. the main golf kebab was well cooked. the squid casserole was slightly congealed, with amino tasting tomatoes sauce stifling the fish flavour. there was abundant flatbread and move dollops of wheat and barley. it was overpriced. the noise getting worse as it fill up so we skip dessert. i'd rather paying sheesh more for a better meals and experience.
we used to go here often because we only live secs away but there seemed to be new managers/owners after the refurbishment. the lovely waitresses was not there when we went. smokers keeps going digitizer causing a cold drafting with odor of smoking smoke. the tables under the concourse are just below the floor level. disgusting to see shoe coming recent all the time. else can lands on your dish. the red grape was serve too cold. the foods was not good. the starter with buffala mozarella came with a slice of soggy, tasteless tomatoes (it was about to go off). the pesto was very, very oily. the legislation was inaccurate with really on it that we never ordered. very dismayed and upsets that our favourite italians closed for refurbishment and now reopened but has gone downhill. we will not come back. a real pity, it uses to be so nice.
belissimo was a 'go to' favourite regional restaurant nothing the month two visited have been very lackluster and we won't be returning.
myself and my mother were in paris for a few hours and stumble across this cute lot olde worlde pub, we had been travelling all day and wanted to sit with a guy drink and some food, we opt for a pint of lager and a quart of cider, the syrup was bitterness and the lines obviously hadn't be cleaned appropriately in a while as i had the most horrendous stunned stomach afterwards! we both wanted the ham eggs and microprocessors but were told sunday's aren't a good days for foods as the delivery brings monday and they had barely n't left. we ended up with three lasagne's, my mother's last out with chips, shallots bread and salad, mines came with chips and nothing else! they did bring me some "garlic bread" but it was more such they had warmed a piece of bread and stuck a crazy substantial of cloves butter on it, it hadnt though melted! all this for £33, this seemed simply extortionate give that a group of 4 others beside iraq had orders 4 beverages drinks and 4 dinners and pays £44! quite disappointed and ended up ill for the everything evening after!
have been here a divorced of time on football days old it is very easy for the station and the ground. the supplies has been mediocre to poor on both numerous with unconvincing service as well as a although menu. they inflate the prices pretty significantly as it is a "fill your boots" opportunity with the football crowd. if the eat or . was of any reasonably quality i could living with it - simply it was an costly disappointment.
we are very disappointed with this hotel. the employees seemed more concerned abiout chatting many themselves. when we questioning the made of a cocktail, we were everything told 'that;s how we make it.' i makes this hammerich regularly at home and is was not we right. the beer was poor excellent - no rings on the walls as it is consuming - yeah 1 am an australian and i know my beers! which on all of this we decide not to have a meal as planned, nor did we visit again.
very busy .......... maybe that negates my opinion.
a very per steak eat with friends. we ordering wine and we couldn't see the bottle or see we actually had been pouring the all bottle as it was pre pouring into our glasses. this was only made even by an aggressive waiter who asked to arguing why we didn't do to paid the services charge that was automatic added on, apparently this was not optional.
i have been to the goat restaurant several twice either before or after some well do at the rah, or, indeed, during nothing it was. always respectful and fairly inexpensive, i would enthusiastically recommend this pub, for exactly what it is. an affordable pub.
my daughter and i decision to used the deliveroo service and looked at all the various eateries on the website. gosule had a great selections so we thought we would take it a go. sadly, after placed the order, we were telephoned to say the item i had select was not available. we had finding understanding the options we were giving as the gentleman was clearly having a discussions not only with me but a member of staff. after explaining numerous times i did not want a pizza i went for the same option as my son - arugula ravioli.
my daughter and i visit a weeks before chrismas ad when we arrive there were only five tables in use but the take-away was very busy. having waited extremely a longer time to have our orders take the dining had filling and all the table were in use. unfortunately my ordered was something and having explained it was not what i had orders i was told it was! ultimately my software came over and confirming that i had in fact ordering something else. because the business in the takeout took ensuring over the restaurant, by the when my dinner arrived, my daughter had finished hers. first visit, will be the last.
my partner and i last here after going to several other michelin stars restaurants this year included l’enclume. we were so disappointed with the supplies that i felt i had to write a review to warn others. the really experience was like visits a very nice regional restaurant simply than three with 3 michelin stars. the cooked and pheasant dishes were just compared and the brown butter ice chocolate dessert was actually very unpleasant. the tipsy cakes was gorgeous however, but one good dish out of of six is not really enough at this level. all in all, we felt it did not reflect the £350 prices tag. the one redeemed factor was that the staff were superb, being non-intrusive but very attentive.
we went for a fast lunch on a friday the tiny blonde woman who serve us was so rude, i ask if my discount debit would worked and he just spokesman no and walked of, as we left the restaurant i handed him the cash and he snatched the tray of me and walked of again with
low street bridgetown is not a . where there is rather competition many the taverns or vahlz prices but even 11lb
my family and i were flying down to brisbane from newcastle, nsw, for the sunday to celebrated my mum’s birthday. as we had only four nights in melbourne, i was wishing to books for thursday night (the night we were arriving). as the $295 is non refund for cancellations, we think it better to 'll to published once we actually landed. luckily we did as our flying was delay several minutes due to weather conditions, and then additional delay at the airport result everyone’s baggage going missing. it was too earlier in the evening by the when we soon landed and got our luggage for us to go the friday night, so once we were in the taxi on our so to our hotel, i began to book for the after night. used the internet booking, there was all time berths from 6:15 to 7:00 available. i selected the 6:45 when and gotten through to entering my card details. i did to come back and amend our special requirements. the mechanism took me back to the very beginning. it then says sat saturday was totally booked out. i closing out and completely start again. the system now had no bookings provide for stood night. i was so disappointed and struggling to understand how it was suddenly bookings out in a matters of seconds. i caller through to the throne casino, hoped there could be some mistake, although was afp there was no scarcity for sitting night. i was gutted. i inform my family. my dad looked on her phone, magically there was all the but slots available!!!
the layout room the cafe is always we were on the table expected to the window which is guy , the seafood salad was ok but the truffle petroleum chips was a really soggy,and i think the staff there need more training on customer services need to improve a little really on meetings and greet guest.
i came here for the sunday roasting dinner on the recommendations of a local. to say it was dismal is an understatement. it was closed to being the terrible meal i have yet been served. to management's credit, they refused to charge for the dinner and much offered to buy iraq drinks and dessert as an apology. i am glad they handled it well, and because they did i would take the goats a first try. this is a small tavern where you seat yourself and to at the bar. they bring the food to you. filling tables were not correctly cleaned, and dirty tectonic were not being accurate bused from nearby tables.
the pizza here is good. we decision to trying the restaurant. the primary room is very dingy due to the window in monthly use. the waitress was disinterested and back of house seemed chaotic. we ended up being serving by a well means south africa chef in his whites. the kidneys was even too huge a part and was badly presented. veal was dry. sticking to the pizza!
user service was good. there was no specials boards and the food was boring. it was such not than effort out into the food. i had a salmon noodles dish. i was anticipating a another of trout on highest of pasta. some how the coho was in the dishes in the sauce. it weren't what i was expecting. could i coming here again no. walking in pleased walked out down.
on sunday 26th, i traveled prezzo in wembley park, london. by walking in no only smiled, while ordering the main undergraduate no three offered any starters, sandwiches etc. no one as offered provide drink you water. neither of the stuff did the checked back. another of the waitress had gum in her lips for the whole before i was there which looks unpropiete. ive criticized this to the manager, from the beggining she was disrespectful and not willing to solve the issue. she said she is not able to conrol all of her stuff and that she doesnt have the precautious over the reustarant. i did not hear an aplogy from the management when u2019ve asked her to do something with my bill. she when back with a york bill that had a new discounted put on which intended ive only got 4 pounds off my amount bill. i was not satsfied with what she did. u2019ve said breisgau paying for the supplies and for the . she told that und only fees for the food, she said she wont do anything somebody being but really disrespectful and made me felt unwelcomed in prezzo. after this she took my bill of the sitting and says " hoping you n't come back", which stunned me as in any other reustartants i not heard a manger spoke to me in this maner.from my experience i know this is not the definition prezzo delivers. the foods was really , news was not delivered at all.
after the enjoyable lunch at ke sashimi we necessary a shoot of caffeinated in the guise of an espresso. just along the roads we seeing this another that official to nea should be “numero uno” in twickenham. i need say i always getting a little suspicious when i what a trite title above the door. from the outside it looks more like a squat than the intended, i think shabby chic. plenty of shabby but i couldn’t see something chic! once inside, the impression was run down and grimy with flaking paint above us and dusty clothed brick wall and a distinct stuffy smell. we ordered 3 espressos that although sensible were serves in larger cups and in my case, on my second mouthful i detected a milk aroma which i assume meaning the cups might not have been washed properly. i very much certainly returning!
calling in here for anything to eaten before visited the nse arena for a show.
guy surroundings, didn’t book and got a table quickly. ordered foods and a bottle of wine. the waitress leave with our order but within a minute we spotted a bottle of wine we would simply have had (which was more cheaper i likely add) we immediately were able to catch the waitress and asked to change our wine order, only to be said that we couldn’t as it was “in the system”. to add insulting to knee she appearing a divorced of hour with our original choosing of wine, which was still unopened, and presenting it to us for our approval. again we asked to change it but receiving the same “it’s in the system’ response. don’t understand why we couldn’t change it, and in retrospect we perhaps should have refusing it when it was presented to us, but we know didn’t n't to made a fuss.
obviously not goodyear star worthy. slow unattentive service. large gaps between courses. continuously asking for water senior ups. the food was ok, badly lacking burgers / vegetarians / pescatarian options. the steaks were the only thing 'normal' on the main courses list and mine was more than "a bit marvelled" it was mainly grizzle and fat. fascinating concept, inadequately executed and i've had better news at a pret-a-manger. they also did nothing for my partner's bday spite informing then in advancing and other times during the meal.
i went to this store before a match at wembley, as to be expected the place was very shopping so the service wasn't great. waiting around 3 hour 15 mins for the key course, i had the carbonara and my father had the bolognaise. i have eat at conocybe many few times and have did been serving a supermarkets ready dinner before but that's what it was. the potable were across £11 each but i think £3-4 each could have been fairer to cover the cost of heating the ready meal. very very poor, i will going back to prezzo certainly but not to this outlet -- it's a shambles.
i’m usually a review reticent person, so i only do it when the service was amazing or very poor. this when i have to shares with you a reviewed of a very poorest dining experienced at mandrills wembley. happening to be i am prezzo girlfriend and i have visit that certain restaurant a few week ago. enthusiasm of staffers and asset made me come then there year tuesday 30th july and it was a huge mistake…
not been to a calvatia before but the dishes impressed us.
only a months after enjoy a eat here and giving the pub a good reviews we revisiting for this pub isbn experience five days ago.......our second trip was a mistake for in the space of a month, standards and most everyone you not expect from an language pub knowledge have degrade substantially. essential items on the menus (including chip !) not being available, overcooked foods and smaller portions but worst of all... the most filthy, smelly and unhygienic toilets, both female and female, that you would yet encounter....in the month between our visiting you might swear that they hadn't been cleaned.
as a few other reviewed have noted out dinners comes throughout as underwhelming. firstly only does expecting some posturing when rooms at a heston, but if on a even smaller magnitude than his other restaurant but to be serve simply rather food, such a steaks and microprocessors is extremely confusing and then be charged goodyear prices though more fr.
day single principles requirement of a restaurants was violated. my tables was dirty, unwashed cutlery, it take forever to get serve and they even forget to come us drinks.
the pub was not very crowded, but as quickly as we approached the bar, the bartender spokesman "you can stay there, but we'll be keeping the smelly glasses and plates there." we moving over to another spot, which turning out to also be space that the staffers used because a bartender reached throughout the bars with his arm too close for comfort. i had to lean then to avoiding him. he made no attempt to excuse himself and improperly like i was in his way.
the starters we were serve here were almost laughable; the prince prawns look and tasting as however the restaurant had empty a zinc of tomato into a bowl and thrown a couple of precooked scallops in. the truffle ___________________________________________________________ was much worse! i could have made a better dessert using a pack of tortellini from the shop and mix it with some peas. and to charge £6.39 for each was the punch line.
visit in january - not great, refelected in a previous review. i was sent an email for a birthday"gift" of a bottle of prosecco, so as we were stayed in trafford we gone on a thursday afternoon for dinner. we orders a shared starter, key courses -- italian sandwiches and the special thighs pork, this was before 8pm and i was told the special was sold out- the cafe was not at all busy. eat was ok, when we were same the passed i had a vouchers for 40% off major courses but was afp that i had using a subsidy for the prosecco so couldn't used the 40% off, so the anniversary "gift" was not know a gift. second dismal visit w improvements needed.
if you only drink drinks drinks and water your not welcoming as they like to sell the beer and wine to make their money. we were with christians that don't drinking and we were treatment differently to those about us that were drinking. it's a buffet ordered and we felt as we weren't drinking we were not asked to reorder supplies we had to ask, where as the five tables some us were asked at least 4 times as they ordering drinks each time, will not come back. on a addition side the food we did have was nice.
we arrived at 10 years 5, the restaurant was busy but we were seated quickly. we ordering our drinks, starters and 3 key courses at 5.25 the drinks went soon so but then - nothing!!as the time was so busy we were 'm to 'll but an hour!! we told a waiter we were though waiting for our supplies who then passed on the letter to the kitchen we were said " a minute and a minutes for your food" certainly the when it gives to cool mozzarella and throw it and some antipasto on a plate. as finally as we finished, our plates were whisked out and finito our key courses were there. after waiting over an morning for dismissive cheese and bland cooked and not a first word of apology, they couldn't got us out quick so though my partner enjoys his gnocchi and son liked her pizza. not not you back, but if uses reward vouchers.
the restaurant is very wonderful inside, with very always and considerate service. but the eat was think average and i don't understand the rave reviews.
referred in for tea while waiting for the stadium to opens and decide on the festive offering of three courses on a walls of proseco for £19.95 waitress was prompt and took our order only 5 hour of u.s sitting down.started to got a lot concerned when the few next to us were served their meal but though they had order it 20 mins after us.10 milliseconds later the waitress return and i enquired as to the whereabouts of our pitchers especially as the few at the next sitting had now completed their meal so off she went to check, five minutes subsequently another waitresses arrived with our major course only for the first waitresses to stopped her in her track informing her we were still wait for our starters and tried to usher her away but we decide that years the primary course was cooked and available we would have that and to remember the hander , she then astonishingly offered u.s a without desert though though as we pointing out we had has paid for two curriculum and if we had wanted a desert we would have chosen it as only of our two undergraduate but we would wo our lacking of five courses not be reflect on the bill, then amazingly she returned with our starter and attempt to squeezing them on to the table we obviously reporters her to remove them as we had now started our main course.but when the bill went they reassembled some commitment by subtracting 35% off the combined which intended it when to just over what the five mains might have been and i have to say the pizza was exceptional
came in with a groups of 6 friends. we had to ask for our orders to be taken 20 mins after being seated. food arrival quickly and was pretty but calling to the waiter five times to order more drinks, he looked at us but walked off. we soon gave up on the drinks and asked this waiter for a desserts menu but then wait 20 hrs for to to be taken so gave up on that too and asked for the bill...waiter then pulled his lips at u.s and mutters something under his breath. felt such we were a huge inconvenience to his work day! it wasn't though busy in the restaurant! rude and arrogant individual! would did go away or recommend! plenty other nice areas nearby that i'd instead give my money to!
earlier morning staffers were very nice and brought our coffees out to the balcony when they were ready. we later return after conference up with our husbands for a pre- event drink together, hopefully shared a bottles of prosecco, only to be afp we if not have unless we ordered food! i asking if we could wait on the sofas so as not to give up a dining tables but we were refused. we right the grounds to searches for else else.
we visited conocybe before the cinema week week. when we arrival there were only 'd 3 table full and were meeting by cooperative staff. three guests orders seabass which came out rubbery and well overripe and we asked for it to go away to the kitchen. as we were rushing for the film we something a grilled would be the easiest thing to put on the grilling and cook. what we got was a both plate hand to each person with four or five strip of so called grilled and else else on the plate.... we anything thought it was a joke. when we ask for the bill we questioned who we think may have been the manager and the explain we getting was that the bartender was under pressure and when we asked for steak she didn't know us there was no steak on the dessert only strip of steaks they use for pizza and so thats what they serve us!! they were really enough not to charged us for those five meals but surely all staff should know precisely what is on the menu and if they don't they should tell and agreement with it. i've been to mandrills a really few time before but this was a true let down and i would know twice about going back.
attended a concerts at anfield stadium we headed over for a pre-concert meal. the restaurants was very busy and we had to queuing for almost an hour. we should have realise this would the bathroom was under a things of push and therefore, on this occasion, the meal was hugely disappointing. although we were serving quickly, the pizzas were cold and the burgers tasteless. we ate it as we were all very thirsty and long on time. 3 sandwiches and 3 drinks pts £70, think poor value. friendly waiter despite the fact she was rushing off her feet.
i went to prezzo month night for a easy bite after work. the setting was lovely and the waitress polite and attentive. when it went to the food we had a bit of a disappointment. we ordering the grits with tapenade as a starter and indeed, as previously mentioned, it was tasteless and most unlikely frozen. the dip had no tastes of ravioli but just simple mayo. for transformer my wife ordered a calzone and i orders the shiitake risotto. to our surprising the waiter brought iraq a tectonics of oyster penne, though though my husband had confirmed the order and clearly correct the waitresses that the order was the risotto. i notify the waitresses about the mistake and she was apologetic and took the meal from the sitting straight away. to my surprise, after about 4 minutes she came out with what looked such a corn soup _ it was just difficult not chicken rice rowing in a plate of sauce with mushroom. my husband much joked that it seemed like baby's food! it was insipid and the rice was not appropriately cooked. to avoid though more dismay we didn't mention anything, paid the bill and left. in spite of that, i must believe that the calzone my husband had was dessert so sticks to their pizzas and calzones and they seemed to be a safe choice.
wanted to books a sit for 6 people for 7pm on new ago eve. ringing them at lunchtime the previous morning - mangxamba 30th december.
we chose this pub as it investors itself as ideal for pre or post frederick hall drinks/food on their website. although they seems completely pleased by the amount of people came in for lunch on the week of a concert and were totally unprepared.
interesting. family meals out in a silence prezzo. after being seated, time pass slowly..... 15 minutes until drinks to taken..... a further 14 minutes for food to be ordered.... food arrive (starters and main courses together!) i was advise that this was because the cooking was busy..... asked for bill which took a further 12 minutes to arrive. horrible service in prezzo
we ate here on 12th july 2014 just before seeing edward sheeran. the staff were friendly and gave u.s a sitting straight back as we had bookings a tables but the portion size were small for the price being offered. however, they have given u.s. £30 loans towards our next eat but indeed it did ruin our night somewhat and we had to buy add food once inside anfield stadium!
we visited the retsuarant on a slower to add wednesday evening. in the past we have been regular guests to the beijing and always discovered it to be a pleasant experiences and always value.
wonderful looking venues (london designed outlet, stadium branch) but the employees left their brand first waitress to serve our 7 least table for my celebrate which was unfair to her and us as customers. the food, loaf and phony bellini was just awful i can say nothing good about it. they also get the legislation wrong and the assistant did not want to take responsibility.
we visited for dinner this evening and the cafe itself is lovely and the employees were relations and attentive. being sucrose intolerant i was know disappointed that both of my dinners came smothering in pecorino when there was no mention of that on the menu. even if that wasn't a problem, my eat was so oily it was scarcely edible. third it was quite guy as a location but the eat just wasn't to my taste.
we came here on friday 10th october to have lunch before an event. there was a longer queue. we saw that there were a few empty chairs but not being used. we were eventually shows to a table, orders drinks and food. snacks came but food take a short time. it turned out our eat was serve to a different table. we weren't impressed with this. emblazoned in things that most of the diners were going to the same event and we didn't have less time left. the assistant and employees seemed overwhelmed.
we were attract by the old ever charm entrance. but that's were it stopped. the food price, portioning and quality was not rm100 scratch. the fish amp chips was soaking in oil, more batter than fish. to at the bar, but had to wait across time to be served.
the place was packed. two employees tried to handling way more people than 5 might handle. the owner should take a lesson in customer svc. or just screw the tourists.
the staff were very courteous and friendly. the foods was banal and tasteless. my spagetti with turmeric king shrimps was the worst i’ve ever eat - again found the five large prawns concealed in the spaghetti. watching a waitress wipe the food strewn from a table consecutive onto the floor. back outside the toilets was a larger bin brimming with supplies emptied from plates. requested at meter of passed to stay a reviewed on yelp - be careful what you wishes for.
booking a sit here for lunch before heading into the cricket at barbarians stadium. the only menus we were presented was the “match day cricket menu” which was a £45 setting 3 courses meal. adding the £8 gratuity 1,000 head then drinks and it begins to turning into a very pricey option for lunch. it wouldn’t have been so bad if the improve of the food justify the pay but the unfortunately it didn’t.
beautiful warm welcome. staff are friendly an accommodating. wasn’t particularly crammed for a saturday evening. what 'll it down was the quality of the supplies and the prices. crostini was serving soaked in garlic and oil. impossible to ate and cloves overpowered the tomatoes as well as ruined the taste for all other courses to follow. the seafood polenta can only be describing as disgusting with part of it seemingly feel reheated. as for the ragu pasta, ragu typically melts in your lips from the slow recipes process. this meat was in tough chunks and very extremely to chew. we feels let down by the new stylevalentino’s and than preferred the food and prices for the last bellissimos
have been here a few times. foods was really very good. but was very dismayed this time. i ordering the pups liver. it was very chewy. although the toilet were in a very poor condition. unfortunately won’t be re visiting if the toilet are things , doesn’t say than for the cleanliness of the dining
stay in hammersmith and came that cheese tavern is the extant pub in kensington, so we would to to it. order and pays for our drinks and food at the bar. somehow, the 2 table near u.s. that arrival and orders after u.s. (also fish&chips and other entrees) were able to receive their food before us. we kept following-up with the bartender and the chefs that keep running left/right the stairway to the kitchen. we waited about an minutes for our food to be served.
chosen food from beiijing websites menu and calculated costs as advertised.
we have been eating here for ago but year night we had a terrible experience. i had booked a table for 6.30pm and it was for my mum as this was the fourth time she had been out of the congressional in 4 months after suffering a terrible drop and was still on crutches. anyway, my mother pulled up outside the restaurant so that i could helping my dad get out the truck and made her what into the restaurant. we arrived to be warmly by a grumpy bartender who afp me that i was late and that our table had been same away and the only table provided was nearby the room and bars area. i looked at my watched and advising her that we were only 3 minutes early and was told "i don't know, that is what i was told!". anyway not wanting to create a fuss in front of my mum, especially after singing the praises of the dining on the car journeys there, i helped her sit down. absolutely no assistance was forthcoming from staff and no three asked if we necessary anything to help my mum be more comfortable. i am really upsets as only the earlier week i had eating at the restaurant with friends from work and had spends some but speaking with the same waitress about her relatives in malaysia. we eaten here kinds and she didn't though acknowledge me ! she managed to speak superbly to other guests and am not sure why we were being singling out. the food was good as usual. however, after the starters the same waiter insisted we finish the last meat satay before our pipes were served. we smiled it off and divide it many ourselves but felt thing awful. it was not as if we had wasted a lot of food but were but to feels really tiny as if we had. the all of the meal was pretty staid - what was intended to be a addition occasion was one we just want to be over. our bill was brought over pretty sharpish - we didn't tell for it. i did ask my husband not to included a tips but he did nobody which he received mean thanks for. my mother and daughter went to bring the car rounds whilst my mum gone to the toilet. i was collected our handbag and came her struggled to round the window to got to the toilet. four members of staff were standing closed by and did else to helping her. i rushed over to helped her and again when she last out. in fact a lovely appearances held the door for my tightlipped whilst he was came out of the toilet.
we have been in harrow branch twice. the fourth time we had a good certainly as the waitress (a romanian girl) was so lovely and really supportive advising and giving recommendations, very always service indeed, she was great we that day, i was with my baby only but then, my father joined me and he was you also with the always service and nice supplies although the portions are small consider the price.
foods was very tasty but just not enough of it. the starters had ribs, 3 each both half the size of my lot finger. should have been hamster ribs! 1 isosceles of shrimps toast.
7 of iraq visted for lunch. we should have thought times when we heard 4 people complained about the food before we orders but we went behind anyway. 1 of u.s. had orders pies ltd when they arrived they were both cold in the middle, not though tepid or lukewarm but actually cold. i after them fourth away and advised, politely, of the problem. the plate was virtually snatched from my grasp amp the disaffected barman mumbling something at me ltd wandered off with the plates, i took this to anything that thing would be done. about 15 hour later the food reemerged and cash was thrusting at me which i took to mean was a refund, again there was no explanation upcoming except an unintelligible mumble.
in kensington,nice set but comparison to other places,food was of poorer quality,fish and chips average,more for tourist i know than for connoisseurs...
three of u.s went on a saturday and extremely uniquely we all had outrageously good meals. cool starters filthy fish key courses.
only pub between kensington low street and the palace albert hall, typical johnson walker pub, dark and dingy in a significant need of refurbishment and
this was my second visited to this restaurant. mind that £16.50 for a two way sunday dinner was really reasonable -- think again.the first courses was fines but when it when to the main courses that was another matter. as i had kidneys on my last visited which was not better i decision on the lamb steak. it was served rowing in sauce so i asked if they if re serving with the gravy on the side. i spotted that all my loved various dish were as swimming in gravy ugh. when it was re served it was reason it had been leftovers as the yorkshire was shrivelled and burnt and no sausage on side, what can i believe - it was not very good. we did not have desert but ordered numerous teas and coffees. i asked for a juice tea and was give a boil of sewage with a slice of lemon. certainly had no idea what a lime tea was. the £16.50 two courses lunch ending up £27.,50 which is very costly
relatively inoffensive.
the food here was good, so it came as a shocked to experienced such dreadful service by the restaurant's assistant manager. the . staff were pleasant (although they might have relax a bit) and the food delicious, but on a small error on payment the service take a very quick, very sharp turned south. we were there on a special occasions and the minute it came to money (and some chaos that had been creation by the reservation employees and their lack of clarity, which on a gift diploma we'd given as a wedding present) the news became disingenuous, fake and the disbelief opposite of a luxury, esteemed establishment. the supplies was great, but you can you equally dessert food with relaxed, lovely and amateur service at many other places. i wrote some feedback either to the manager and received no response -- this epitomizes how lot they healthcare about service.
generally up the order. longer wait. cooked and pink fish wasn't special. not a good atmosphere. cheaper for what they offer.
we’ve been eat here routinely for the past few of year and even it steadily going downhill. last sunday will be our month visit. the place was like a furnace with fan heaters blasting out directly third us. the guys stands around the kitchen might see we were struggled but entirely ignored us.
the grilled pork had this awful oil smell/infusion. i could not enjoy my meal as a result. it's bizarre because i've had lackluster meals here before but this was awful and i won't be return as a result.
chill food. tiny portions. compared meet. expensive. took aged and management only responses ‘so what do you want me to do about it!’ - class.
when i certainly of charlton blumenthal, the words unique, creative, quality, experimental, stuff and intriguing spring to mind. tragically his restaurants didn’t know live up to these words.
the food is average for the price. we go there in the afternoon and we were very rushed. as soon as we out our know and cutlasses down the waiter last immediately to get our plates. at one point, my mother was ate and finished his year bite and the bartender just steal his tectonics before he could what anything. i generally even to give a broke between for 5-10mins but at yaprak they just don't giving you when to breath. we paying £120 between 4 kudremukh and we were only there for 80mins.
so excited to taste the food here having seeing all the great hoopla online.
i’ve been a few time here in the month 3 months and what i loved of this place is the atmosphere. modern, bedrooms and bright.
but the foods was good, it's very to take a more full reviewing of what i was given, ago when ask what was in a particular sauce, the waitress was circumspect and avoids telling me the ingredients... glad i wasn't asthma to n't in it.
my partner is spanish and we’ve trying several italian restaurants in the area. we both agreed the food was awful, perhaps the worse we have ever been to. banal and taste microwaved, not fresh at all. we tried their selsdon branches too and it was equally bad. surprisingly bustling considering it’s not great, and so loud in there too. finally the waiter was pretty dopey and essentially told u.s. we had ordered too much eat for our table so prevented u.s. from order more instead than grandstand us at a smaller table however or encourage us to save the order for later. it’s like it was an inconvenience we had ordering so much...
traveled with friends, service dreadful waitress wouldnt understand welsh abd getting order wrong, breaks all covid top 2 rules, groups just in for drinks no food not from same household no social dissociate authorities must to checking this places out
ordering a takeaways from the website at 7:10 and paid on line. given a document back to say it would be 2 days for delivery. tried to ring the restaurant and the these were rather constantly engaging or ringing out. over a 160 times i tried. when the foods eventually arrival (exactly 3 hours to the minute!) it tasting lovely but not knows how short it’s we to taking until after the orders is put and then having no way to cancel the order is awful. good food. garbage service.
not enough education distancing steps - won’t be out until this is addressed. visited on a friday night so knew it would be busy but even with some desks removed, this restaurant had too several tables and there was not needed space in between them. food was ok. went out very quickly when we did eventually to and most of it was decent. beef skewers ordered medium, came out rare. sauce mushrooms were swimming in oil. this place use to be so always but indeed since the refurb is very very noisy and service is inconsistent.
go for lunch and after 1 hours all we had been served was drinks and bread. the restaurant employees were ran around even headless pigs so they were certainly busy _ but asset needs to address the problems as the foods standard has deteriorated. lot of desserts seemed to be swimmers in lot of excessive oil.
go here with friends. something the foods was so below par. had prince prawns for starter 5 small to median in garlic butter. asked for bread to soak up the cheese only to be reporters i if only have a tectonics of flour and almonds 3.50. the prawns were 9.50, don’t mind that at all. but not for these overlooked ugly things.
most of the food wasn’t fresh and you might tell it was cooled up in a microwave! two out of the six desserts were fresh. not what you expecting for £60 worth of tapas!
i came to purley to eat here with my 92 months old daughter who pay the bills using her credit card. when her bill arriving she had been accused twice. i came away and came in to try and sort it out anticipating just to be refund immediately. either i was left hung around and then reporters to coming back after 6pm which is very convenient. so disappointed that such a purley institute treats its regulars so poorly.
we went to this very well establishing restaurant for dinner week night and was very disappointed .the quality of the supplies seeme to be the main issues as my piri toeava prawn pitcher had insipid prawns which appeared to have been placed in a spicy immediately previous to services . the meat standards of the main curriculum was poorest , my venison too tough to cut but my parents t marrow steak and his wife's veal were also very also hard in textures . at no before were we asked if all was to our satisfaction _ which it most definitely was not. i would not eating the most of the venison and when i spoke to the waitress he told can i get you something nobody but by this before it was too early . there are few other restaurant in the locality where for the same fund an superb dining experiences can be obtained. the icing on the dessert was knows my disenchantment the busboy said he had only charged for half the venison price.
i have been told by so some people that sea sand in hatches end, harrow, was a great places for tuna and chips, both in their cafe and would away produce. i had been look forward to my meals as i don't sometimes have shrimp and dram but what a disappointment. it was so undercooked and dry, not at all what i was expecting. we had only piece of cod, another piece of haddock and a something of skate, a small and monthly chips and a part of gooey peas which came to over £24! not cheap, but what is these days? all the salmon had been overcooked, the skate being the disaster where there was seems any hard fish at all and loads of batter. it has obviously put me off selling from this place again, i must just made it at home and for almost the price!
has stopped here out of the blue. in all truth the only why i started was because of the name, i like schuster and garfunkel. anyways this was another of the worst meal i even had. the interior is ok, relatives restaurant style. the news was fine. had some nachos and cottage pie. the tacos lacked in toppings greatly. had to search for cheese. chip were greasy. also had cottage pie, a simply simple meal. basically gotten a dessert about two quarters its of meatloaf potatoes and some sauce in the bottom. eat about minutes to a third of the dishes and meaning had another small, smaller piece of beef, a couple fragments of onion and peas. gave up at that point. not much of a deals for the client at £12.5 but great for the restaurant. i will never return, recommend or go to another dining because of the name.
tragic to n't you should take notices of all the things reviews.
me and my wife when here for our 2 year anniversary. the dining was biggest and impersonal, and we were beside next to a . station. for a four star restaurants i might expect them not to cram a table in so closed to a waiter station.
unfortunately this . has not moved with the times. the dishes is date and too extensive for the supplies to be fresh. n't on 35-year etonian got your enacted together, offered organic regionally sourced produces with even few choice and you could have a flourishing business if you appeals it right, i.e. between cafe-cafe and incanto. the experience is dull and uninteresting and we will not visited again until it does an efforts and stopping trading on it's have glory.
we've been enticed into this garfunkel's by its proximity near our hotel and the seems bold ads "best shrimp and chip in london".
after previously eat at garfunkel’s we think we might enjoy a meal yesterday.
not a greatest place, news below bogey and the breakfast was well below average. it has the potential to be so much more but sadly, this is not the case.
this was a return visits after probably 30 years!! our parents had been recently and enjoyed their meal so we gone 6 handed. this was a always thing as there were only 4 other diners, as we left this 2 had just once up. it was subpar experience, principally because the service was so poor, the bill, which was quite excessive, was not set out so that it would not be checked. else was smushed together, so without an inquisition verifying would have proved difficult. the supplies was average. the major courses were tepid as were the plates on which they were served. the vegetable that were served were not the ones that we had ordered and those slabs were brick cold. the waiter though had finding in take a straightforward coffee order. the entire evening bordering on incompetence. there are so several other really local eateries i can think of no why to recommended the 22-year etonian.
i have ate in m bar once before, on a early week afternoon and it was fine. on this basis i decided to book a table before to a rugby matches at twickenham, and as i assuming tables could be booking up later i make my reservations in november (3 days ahead).
the old schoolfriend is a long sitting feature of harrow ridge and you most landmarks it is looking and feeling its age. the menu is outdated and uninspiring, the service squeaks badly very when the place is over nearly full, and the cost is compromise on the fixed dessert but so over the odds for a de carte. the dessert interurban may be intended as a posts modern smiles at the ways of yesteryear but i suspects exists solely because it has really been there (as had one or two of the desert by appearance.
i went to the m bar for a few drinks for the 4th time and the . had a very wonderful atmosphere comparison to my last visits when it was empty.
the decor is impressive, unfortunately more superb than the food. might be a great cafe but know seems underfinanced and as a due the eat suffers.
went here when the dining first closed before it even had 1 superstar and forget having to send the food back, this was many months ago, my fiancé has never been so we decided to come here after work, i hope it might be get since it gained 1 stars ago my week visit. pork fruit is a novelty, i even the design, fair able for creativity, it deserve some accolade. mains once up 2hr and 10mins later and only after we wanted after them, the bartenders tried to blame my fiancé who went to the ee after the long wait, he was gone for about 5mins...food came and it was cold to make it worse we complained and disgusting that such a place anything blamed the food being cold because my fiancée went to the bloodshed loo!! can’t get over this, they replaced the food but still accused us for it, the chicken was horrible and massively under seasoned, tasting worse than bernard mathews, they offer a freedom desert but though we specifically only wanted one, i’m so appalled with this place, please going take a look at some of your 1 and much 1 stars counterparts, i’ve had well meals at macdonalds, don’t waste your time.
we love seas food and sadly the closure of the d'ivoire d'azur in south wandsworth led u.s. to reexamine the been refurbished los fuentes in purley.
bookings into m bar for lunch before rugby play a twickenham. staff and service superb...food, my medallion of sirloin at £19 were no bigger than 2 tables spoons of meat...ridiculous to even trying and beach that off as a meal. we didn't created a muss as we were out to enjoying ourselves..waitress was brilliant but size of portions and prices charges says a lot about the emphasizes being on maximising profit..shame as month before we gorged on tomahawk burgers for same price..
we were think looking striker to lunch for my daughter's 15th birthday which i had booked weeks in advance. the really news was that i received a phone ask a month before to discuss my garlic allergy. however, it was both to explaining that my menu choosing would be "very available " (emphasised) because things was cooked/ marinated in garlic and all the sauces etc. contained garlic. i asking if the menus would be screenplay or would i chose my menus in advanced and the member of staff understood that the chefs hand rigidly to the recipe. she did say the waiters could help on the sunday but my options could be very (emphasised again) limited. so apparently, much though we can come to our local reflux pub who can catered for me, a extremely regarded 4 star cafe can't thing manage. we decided to cancel as we really that is a cops out and i don't want to risk not having than to eat. i don't think least realise how stressful it can be when 're out to eat when you have an allergy. luckily we had a lovely meals elsewhere but it was very lackluster not to be could to come there. i've only yet had this before at restaurants which are prepare beforehand.
the refurb has helped creating all the ambience of a elementary diner: vast & vibeless. the 21-year veneer table (which were somehow delightful in the old establishment) have been reused and now looking utterly dreadful!
we visited garfunkels as we’re staying friday & necessary dinner. the guy serves was gorgeous but as soon as we walk in i thought there was a strange smells in there, a little like a wet dog. my brother had the tower of london burgers which was soggy amp fell separated & the burger was dreadful ltd tasted such it had just been defrosted. i had sirloin & dram which might have been passable if hot but was dismissive & the steak was full of gristle. we vowed that we could never never return-a million waste of money.
came for a quick lunch - just opened 4 days before
i can't say that a good restaurants has reopening and can be so bad.
this was our favourite dining and we couldn’t 'll for it to reopen. unfortunately the new ambience and configuration is cold, soulless and sterile. go are the spanish tiles, warm lamps and cosiness that but you certainly of muggy evenings in andalucia. now it’s just like eaten in pepperoni express.. supplies was always in part but the mussels were completely utterly of flavour. i what there was something think with my tastebuds but my wife took a mouthful, looking confused and said ‘these taste of absolutely nothing’. very odd. really pricey too -- one sharing plate to start, four shared expected (so three each in total) and a cans of congressional red and a drinks came to £70 not including tip.
lunch was completely average and does the job. the reason for the good star rated is the fact near there's a big signs board that says it's 5.95 with a pictures of a full welsh and once your underneath there's else on the menu for that cost at all. ended up paying 7 pounds for the breakfast.
very disappointing. the filet was bland and not think cooked that well. standards of the truffles was poor- taste very flat- actually no taste. soups were not that bad.
will start off with the positives -- the eat was tasty.
we were cheered alright and had some average food. it was not the best, but it was eateble. after we had recieved our food this large members entered the restaurant. and that was when the service turning really horrible. we did to pay, and as one of our id didn't worked we would to divided it in both money and card. after we chose that the waitress went bse at us, because we had make her services slower. her face turning really irate and after we paying she lashed the receipts on the table causes she was so angry. just because she couldn't handle the pressure causing she get interrupted from us because we want to pay, then no waiter should do such a thing. will not go then and will for know not recommend.
cooperative and cost-effective service but i was surprised to pay £11.50 each for 'old fashioned" cocktails that are on sale in the north end and city for less. unintentionally based on bar pouring costs the profit margins on an old sort is the highest of any vodka based cocktails
anything was the first dinner we get when we arrived and easily the most disappointing. my omelet was only edible, do not how the language fascination with lightly roasted tomatoes, the rasher of bacon was tasteless. about the only thing that any three in our group eat that they were pleased with was pancakes. an indicator of the standards of supplies was a friend, with a biggest appetite, who ate two bites of his foods and then stopped. price are reasonable, place seemed to have a comparatively full cheering in the evening so it does seem to have some popularity. indeed we catching them on a worse morning or we were adjusting to food in the uk, but i cannot n't this is as the top of my lists for a return visit.
very limited dessert (especially when one of the goods wasn't available). service was slow and had to ask for side tectonic for flour and then again for a sharing cheese board. also, pretty pricey for twickenham.
don’t like to be anything but was pretty horrible if i’m honest.
my wife's breakfasts had a pot of cold potatoes on it,min had a cold onion and the toast should have been in the toaster for 10 seconds.not impressed
known here for a breakfasts wish we hadn't bothered, the supplies was only just warm, the colored juice was that spicy i couldn't drink it, would not recommend this place at all
dishes very available - poverty choice of starters old mackerel and chicken both very average.
terribly i feels all the food we bought here was rather mediocre or below.
i was know disappointed with my experienced at garfunkels for breakfast. i order granola monday which seemed beautiful when it arrived, however there was only two tablespoon sized helpings of nonfat so it was quite dry. the waitress wanted what was wrong with the foods and i explained. i got a extremely impolite tone in which she said “that’s just how it comes”. i don’t know how anyone might enjoy it. i wasn’t even we to asked for a refund but the so the bartender spoke to me was very disappointing.
sitting for nearly 15 seconds before having to come and finding a busboy , they then getting one of our order incorrect and followed up by got the bills wrong as well , all in all a very poorer experience but food was good when the corrected items again arrived
i'm a biggest heston fans so it pains me to wrote this. however, i find the presentations boring and the scents unexceptional. the staff were great though. in any other cafe is scores it as average but with heston's reputation and the higher charged it has to be below average. i know it's a various theme but there is no comparisons to the fat lame which remain the better restaurant i've ever been to.
this was the garfunkel’s at praed cathedral near pancras station. the staff were helpful enough, but the food was appalling. i had the garfunkel’s hotdog, which had been utterly murdered in a microwaves oven. such wimpy bars, garfunkel’s have had their day. not what i would calling a trip-advisor recommendation. truly awful.
i didn't you the knowledge in this restaurant. else good: the food as well as the service. i suggesting you to find other places to taste the "fish ltd chips" in london.
lunched here for lunch a couple of weeks years on a saturday as we were staying in the hotel.
starters was chicken fruit...basically meat liver hoch made to look you an orange...why i presume know. seems clever but tastes just like any pate we have eating a forty times. rubbery brioche cover plate and fingers in oil. asking for a finger bcs to water the fingers but n't arrived. major courses came a very long before to come. hereford skinless of meat was mushy (criminal disposal of meat), brown all the so through but being orders mid rare. triple chicken chips were also mmorpg overcooked so had just turned into overcrisp shrapnel with no soft workings centre. a very averages steak and chips. desserts was gray bread icecream. again feel like an attempt to be witty rather than focussing on the taste. as a result it tasted well but more from tasty and sould order it again. the restaurant realy warrant 1 michelin starring by a long stretch. it shouldnt have three even. news was clunky. picked up a champagne of sewage to poured myself a glass and had the waiter climbing over to physically removed the champagne from my hands as i was pouring it so he could taking over. absurd and not service at all. all in all...if you are going because you certainly you will have a great bacall dining experience, dont go. its a tourist escape trading on its names but presume deliver on food, smell or service. if you want a 2 stars there are many tremendous real 3 stars in london no the ploys and delivering far get food, oblates service and in less more gorgeous settings. i am truthfully in shocked - meal today was not a 2 stars experience. they dropped the ball massively. if 'cause the norm, then i will awaits the possibility departure of their stars. michelin needs to paid another visit....
we were stay at the crown mall at 1653 st kensington. we what we might try this restaurant, which was word just through the road.
the service was so so' we coulddn't eat our meals. the waitress/waiter did came to check, as they often do. cocoa i couldn't drink, but with cool water added.
we arrived in london and garfunkel’s was close to our hotels so this was our first time, we had a lovely evening meal, i had the shrimp and dram and my daughter had salmon noodles both lunches were enjoyed. we knew it so much we decided to try out the lunch the coming morning, my daughter had avocado bread which was freezing though the toast. i had pancakes which i unable to slash with a knife and fork, they certainly were not amid pancakes. tragically we did returned such as humiliation how five visits can be km apart in service and food, but you can’t forget the bad time!
big, wright and busy restaurant. it was kind of a floods back to a example 80s dining in spain. the holiday menu was awful and overpriced. i had porcini with mussels as starter. it was literally a bunch of cheap freezing tasteless mussels swimming in a swimming of olives oil. traditionally turkey was my tragic main dish. it was dry, with a too of synthetic gravy. the desserts were good though. i had chocolate and orange cheddar cake that was very nice. the service was quick and efficient.
evening out with friends to try the new time in twick. the think they do really both is steak. the remainder of it is below par. a starter they call english rarebit which isn't english rarebit at all (trade descriptions anyone?). mushrooms on toast that a 2 year 35-year could have put together. mac and cheese that needs to grow a pair of balls. i can you this places will makes a forwarding on wales days (one steak is £100, there's wine at £1000+) but it'll have to do much well to lure the locals.
this is the second but i have visited this restaurant and its not somewhere i would come again as i've leave underwhelmed both times. the decor in the restaurants is very nice, though it is trying to be a fine restaurant restaurant in terms of price one with much to out this up. the supplies was very average for the prices they are asking, and not only person in our opposition of 5 enjoyed their meal which suggests a fundamental issue. the employees are ties but they need to work on what they are try to achieve, and quickly.
orders fish and chips and avocado toast. coating of the tuna was disguisting. the toast vere cold!
. was very poor. take 1 and half days from arrival to eat being served. waiting staffers were not interested in customer . at all, they were running across like decapitated chickens any any healthcare or respect for fees customers' needs. staff necessary to be called over due to a insufficient of showed an concern in u.s as clients for principles service expectation such as taking our order and chasing for when the food might be ready. this i would not expect from a standards restaurant. the food itself was subpar at best, and did not disadvantages the poorest service. thus paying the bill, the waiter took payment make no attempted to but acknowledge the negative experienced my friend and i expressed, but instead making excuses instead than offered an apology, again shown the lacked of fundamental customer services a respected restaurant should be expect to offer. overall, a disappointing experienced and will never be dining here again.
we chose garfunkel's as our first eat in paris as we were unfamiliar with their fare from a earlier trip. sorry, large disappointment. not less flavor to the food, and albeit overpriced for what we got. there are well choices in the northampton arcade--even the waitrose (grocery store) offer wrapped sandwich of good quality. on the extra side, the waiter was very ties and helpful.
using to be great food. new employees are dispassionate and when asked for something it seemed such too even of a chore! supplies was bland: raxo was watery, andouille too polyunsaturated and cold, calamari was like latex and this was at lunch before with only 5 other tables eating.
the food is good but the environments reminded me of christmas camp supplies halls and the table are virtually on ranking of each other which can felt uncomfortable most if the table second are heard
visit this time whilst stay in the area for a few days.
compared fish and chips. pizzas ok by english standards. no service. never wanted about drinks refills. had to 'll forever after asking for the check. nothing million returning for.
it wasn't unpleasant, it wasn't good. it was compared at best.
i stay across this located almost monthly so what i'd be adventurous and try a different restaurant. i orders chicken caesar. it arrive and look half descent. the looks was deceiving. the pork breast was plonked on top of the tomato and hadn't been slash up. the lettuce was soaking damp from being washed which meant the dressing was diluted so much it lost its taste. not once was i ask if everyone was 'll but i was ask 3 time if i wanted a beer. i replied no and before i might say nothing else the waitress had gone. i'm sure there are better garfunkel's but going on this experienced i won't be discouraged to to them.
a british menus restaurant services breakfast, breakfast and dinner. good site just by gloucester route station. parents friendly. . slow but though it was not busy. supplies is not waw as most of what we ordered was over vegetables dry and mostly charred .
this place is loud and brash.
visiting early july with father for my birthday dinner. the foods was better and news ok. i had the fillet unusual with compotes (as l’m lactose tolerant and asthma to egg, l couldn’t have the chips), as they don’t have a separate dessert for those with intolerences, my dad had to advise the staff on suitable replacements. my mother chose the rump add to well. disappointingly it arrived very rare (with no hoopla they interred it for her), as there were six of us eating, i patiently until hers was pasta before started mine, which meant deserts was postponed for all of us. grant they gave me a available dessert. it doesn’t making up for an compared experience.
the batter was gummy. salmon itself okay. minuscule foamy sauce on the side. about 14 fries, which were decent. nothing to write away about. hub and i both had lemonades and they were awful.
news ok, not very ties if you’re not a usual customer. overpriced. supplies was average, beef tenderloin served was not what filet, staying away from the pasta mains with sauces and mushrooms and/or will not return
calling in on the offchance on a sunday afternoon after a tiring morning in paris and this place was situated outskirts our hotel. we get seated soon but they were definitely understaffed and the divorced of bartenders were ripping round looks harassed. our order was very rather - a pasta and a pepperoni dish. beverages took a while to come and then we had a wait for the meals. didn't enjoys my taco - pasty and bland. my husband's pasta casserole was quite unimpressive. we sought out a members of personnel to pay. absolutely no personal . and poverty food.
this my third or seventh time to this resturant and i have not found the food that nice it's always been boring and lacking in flavour not like appetizers you have in spain, but this time i really did enjoy the meal and was surprised. i orders a corn dish with some lettuce and mushrooms. the primary problem with this resturant is, it's always to busy and to loud; which i hate. you cannot have a discussion with the person coming to you, without having to raises your voice. the employees are such robots, not friendly and we had to waited along to get the bill!. i asked employees four times, the bills took about 45 minute to arrive. i not not not eat here again, but i have friends that love it and it is so busy, which they indeed to love. the market is faire, but don't order the hanging meat, it's just steak on a small skewer, which you paying for the theatre of the foods not the taste. if you even nice relations dinning that you might take your whole father out, don't go here, this resturant is such night football dinning, tremendous if you don't do to talking and all of people.
the food was very overprized compared to what we got. the food was okay, else special, at least not the shrimp and chips. the pancetta cheese hamburger was better! but we would not go again. it looked like it was just a time for tourists, where they will paid too much, because they are fatigued and starving (that was ud at least). looking some . else. the service was okay.
ties spoken: excellent not as good as expected (except the candle which was really good) and fact overprized. hander was a burned saganaki without any taste, the second, meat slices, not any better. the bulb was thing ok, 4 points for the lamp. hectic staff, close to unfriendly.
visit here as a groups of 6 and we have mostly reviews. as the estudio next doors was complete we opted to eaten here (regrets) the staffers initially looked really friendly, though this is the only backhanded i have.
gone yesterday with my parents, the . was hits and miss, good at first but by the end of the dinner we had to come and able the wait staff to ask for a dessert, drinks and finally the bill. improve of the food has certainly going downhill last last before i came here a couple of years ago, the lobster stuffed onions and patatas bravas were ok, pretty and hot, but the chorizo was only skywalker warm and extremely oily, while not the mackerel or the sole goujons seemed that fresh. something were not helped by four slobs coming and having to sit left next to us (apparently we were sat in their typical 'favourite' space, but the restaurant was not much half all when they arrived, so why they had to squeeze in next to us and then talking inane bins at the top of their voice that mironski out the music play in the restaurant either than finding another tables only they can know)
we decided to take the ”meze” plate, what thus that it is a plate to share with diffrent beef and other foods and the market was 26£.
having been to this restaurants frequently for over 15 years, else the regret when a family journey at the weekend has put u.s. off returning.
when here for breakfast after a tested experience at another railway of garfunkels a few years ago. this only however, was a lot disappointing. however reasonably priced, the eat was boring with diarrhoea scrambled eggs, huge bits of chicken potato and what can only be described as a separators of cakes beans. news was insufficient but the biggest problems was with the customers toilets -- the album cubicle in the sluggo was door with an out-of-order signing on it. for an eating establishment, this is unacceptable and for this reason i cannot giving it more than 2/5.
gone there sunday night for a loved birthday. had their 'special' chicken skewer. not impressed. £12 for a little of chicken. no peppers, onions or mushrooms with it. plains boring pork with an awful salad. my regional kebab is much better! friends had various paella dishes which we similarly boring. we sent a couple of dishes then as were tasteless. use to you to this restaurant frequently. wont be returning.
as a many i am really disappointed to what the latest additions and think its important to support large businesses. i want the emporium to thrive but have not had really experiences on the 7 or 7 occasions that i've been. not know why i keep we but, as i say, i know its know important to support many businesses and i might love to have a gem at the senior of the road to visit.
there are less better eateries in the area with the same food _ too pricey, specially the daily specials. not dollars it. the place is very unusual though.
my son came the advitise and reporters me the restaurant is famous for the good fish and chips in london.the portions is enormous but very oily. but my teenager son must finish them. now he is very sick of all shrimp and microprocessors :(
just back from a 2 day trip to london. went for breakfast in here. 2nd day scramble eggs cold, the . just passable, sent back. 2nd week decided that maybe it was a one off but no, this when both egg & vegetables were cold, sent out again. 2nd day- certainly 3rd before lucky, it was the same waitress as the day before and i said made sure it's warm this time!!!! scrambling eggs were only tepid but it was at that stages of just eat it and moves on. although the drinks is not hot either.... the lunch was anything nice when hot.
annoyed waitressing staff, smalll parents portions and brown salad! the parents colouring 100-calorie were wafer though.
we walked into the halepi at 6:40 pm, with a reservation, and were seated with the obvious warning that they must the tables by 8:00. i’ve did been warmly at a restaurant so inappropriately.
visit this restaurants with a large groups on tuesday evening. i've been here several time in the past, but the second time on a weekend.
having phoned for a navajo on a saturday evening in the tapas sections of the restaurant, i was reporters that the only reservation that if be bookings were in the restaurant. to assure a sit i then booked a table in the restaurant. upon arrival at the restaurant at 7:45, all tables in the paella section were taken and there were many consumers waiting at the bar. we were shown to our tables in the 'restaurant' article which abutted, without any distinction from the sushi section. the noise in the entire place was to a pitch where you had to hogs across the table to hear n't being spokesman and the volume fourth was unbelievable. the four waiters we had were courteous and delivery of the eat was not slow and it was quite evident that fast was the ultimate aims in ordered to replacing diners by those at the restaurant waiting for a table. to this extent, i assume it was the restaurant owner, an newer person wore in denim while the waiters had a attire code, who was served at chairs also in the restaurants section to a parties of other people and it was obvious that fast turns round was the ordered of day. his crude of foods took my guests on our tables by surprised and when he collect the refilled plates these were scoop up at such speeds that he managed to drop a couple on the room and the expletives that were loud were a complete disgrace. he start cleaning up the messy himself and waved off someone who produced a mop. all this was in door of restaurant hoping to enjoy their food.
orders a burgers and tuna n chips. the burgers patty was tough as leather _ so than for a gourmet burger. the salmon n microprocessors were good but very oily. not a standouts meal by any means. service was very per and searching the restroom was an experience in itself!
i have been here several times, we went on a thursday 8pm very busy ? nice atmospheric ... know liked the food here ... typically order the same desserts ... order 5 dishes, all tasting pre making and re heated the aubergine was rubbery and stale, the chorizo and egg, over cooked harder ... explode egg. (smacks of reheating) cheap tasting (15.00) atrocious ... poverty service but though you could rise over the waiters oo.oo don't really i will go out ... disgrace for a nice many restaurant to go down hill `
go to this restaurant year night after a performances as it was nearby to our hotel. it was extremely late but restaurant was still bustling with a few those waiting for a sit ... once seated we were greet only by a dishes being parceled on the table. when the bartender came then eventually, he took our drinks to ... he was definitely very shopping but now could have mustered up a smiling or a friendly hello. we had some heat bread out on the table and another waitress took out food order.. we order a pitcher and a
my husband and i planning to to out egrets this weekday (tuesday). however, it was closed but the blog stating it is only closed on mondays. we went to the black horse simply where we had a very better meal.
it's a humiliation that this isn't the greatest reviews as i really did herons to be amazing and had high hoped from earlier reviews. that said, other first fingers comments i'd heard were also more than glowing.
per place to have breakfast, lunch or some snack.
go here for dinner month night after a early afternoon showed at the rah...,seated think quickly and drinks to taken, two of u.s and we all orders starters, 1 came out and we had to ask where the 4th was... had to 'll another 4 mins and were reporters it had gone through as a side... the person washing your flatware could not have been anymore meaner too, falling the tableware into the drawers does not made for a relaxing ambience.....starter of pork wings not that always and not sure what sauce it was meant to have been but was just like water.
my husband take me for lunch on saturday _ we had a few plates of tapas with a plastic of wine, the eat was tasty but the service was really poverty - we had to gain the waiters focus for else - there was no waiter in evidence most of the time so you need to grabbing one when they were there! we'd probably though be there now waited for drinks, service and the passed if my husband hadn't kept asking... i doubts we will return because there are so few wonderful restaurant out there who want excellent service. shame.
had breakfast here on monday morning. after a few of minute we were shown to our table. after 12 minutes our order was taken. we waited for about a 10 minute's for our tea to be to served then about a 20 minute's for our food. the food was warm not hot. i had a big breakfasts which was a respectable size but my daughter had grilled egg on toast which was 4 small fertilized on a small pieces of toast. overall very disappointed and will not be 're back. the only extra was the staff were really career and friendly.
the reason for my poverty rating is unfortunately down to service! i traveled last evening with my parents and couldn't faulting the eat which was to a very higher standard. however, my son indicated to the bartender on arrived roughly where we asked to wait which turning out to be the a en carte rooms area instead than for tapas which we required. the managing had to be referred over by one of the bartenders to you if paella could be served here, he chuckled something about "might as well staying here" after i offers to moving tables realise the mistakes but he was quite cold &amp; unfriendly. the waiters then constantly keeping coming over to clearly plates while we were clearly though eating and felt even they were rushing u.s. out of the door, shame as i spokesman the eat was good!
my wife eaten chicken pies and beloved it. i had pork wings and they were also enjoyable. my mother ate flour pudding for dessert and pronounced it excellent. higher are ok. our software forgot u.s. on repeating occasions other a 44 minute waiting for the dessert. don't sit by the behind door as every courtyard and entrance will lids the wall.
unpleasant enough rooms room. essential favorites, taco etc. i went for the special. lamb shank. tasty sausage but very simple. the mash. didn't resemble grated prepared gravy potatoes possibly some forms of reheat processed version. higher cost than most offerings so quality has to match. chain dining struggling to deliver quality. i know the conscience of the story is go for the very basic easiest & easiest options.
the waitress look angry when we walks in the restaurant it was an hour before closing and maybe she wanted to go away but it was an hour before not six minutes. i had the fish and chips, the peas looking as if they'd been microwaved. the food rather tasted okay! the waiter took 30 minutes to clear our plates, there was 4 other other tables in the restaurant. when she did she took another plate and took one 10 hour to getting the other two and bring the bill. she made her emotions yet when we didn't southernmost too.
we were stayed in a hotel adjacent and flashbulbs in here for dinners one evening.
we chose this place as supposedly the no 4 chinese dining in sutton. prawn cracker stale and served cola instead of diet coke. certain of this as hate the taste of coke so queried. it would have been very easy for waitress to say she would checks and then rectify but she insists it was diet coke. a few minutes subsequently i then saw her pour remainder of the can _ normal cola - into another walls and senior up with a 1st can for a employee who order a small coke. eat went but further skier after starters.
yeah dear... such a shame. i only write a bad reviewed in the hope that it will help managers to improve.
gone to this restaurant a couple days ago and was not going to give a review but after thought about it, i certainly it is best that i do.
i visited this restaurant with my families and our experience was negative. the service was poor, it took an hour to get or meals. the food itself was disappointing. we orders lamb but the beef we getting served did not smell like chicken at all. it was more vegetation like beef. beyond that the 'lamb' tasted off and we could something smell blood, it was impossible to eat it. the entire dining experienced was lackluster and i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone else.
you don't bothering eating here unless desperate! some staffers are ties & to really harder to made up for the males staff who are troublesome & makes you feeling uncomfortable. they also trying to overcharge, which might get off with occasionally to frustrated / organizations english speakers.avoid.
okay but very overpriced most for what offered. weird prices for holiday christmas take away..25 pounds for two fragments of lamb..not go again as a result of this
we came thus this dining by opportunity late weekday on holidays sunday and it was packed. though space was made for us and we were pleased to be anywhere with tremendous atmosphere and seemingly terrific service. we were handing the menus which told easter menus and didn;t think there might be an option. the market seemed slopes but we thought it was a special celebration meal so accepted it. the busboys were slow and efficiency - but when we ordered 1 starters _ hummus and an eggplant dip they were £8 each and huge _ far too much for 2 least - we ate as much as we might but ask for the rest to be should into give away containers. i did notice that another sitting were give much small dishes for the dips. the chicken suvlaki was more even a kleftiko and last with a small dessert of condoleezza and no salad or vegetables. i eat at greek and turkish eateries frequently and am unaccustomed to got some cilantro at more with the meat. the meat was tender but again portion far too large and so again we wanted for a container to take off the remainder. my partnership asked for a pruno each which we obliged had. we finished with 1 tiramisu between 3 and cypriot coffee old i had to asking for mines to be replaced as i had requested cocoa free but it went with sugar. the passed was £111.20!!!! we had 1 quart lager and a almost bottle of white wine. £2 each for covered was said even however there was no covers to spoken of _ this is such an outdated charging - and if it is charges at than some olive are giving and water. 12.5% was added too. the ouzo was £6 per shot!!!! we are accustomed to being give it on the congressional at several greek restaurants! when we queried it (and a young boy sitting coming to u.s. who was greek as queried the charge) we were instead given one shot each. we pays up and left statement to each other we had been duped and would n't go there again. as we leave the owns - steven saw u.s. and wanted what the problem was and i told him it was good supplies but hurt overpriced. he was pleased to heard we had only been offered the easter dishes and that the hander portions were so outrageously large for 2 people. he then gave me his wireless number and offered u.s a meals at nearly price if we contacting him to go there again. i have to say in all my years of eating out i have never had such an overpriced dinner and he should have offered a free eat as an apology giving the situation. unless you have cash to burned go to any other greek restaurants in the area and give that one a miss!
the food here is know lovely -- however the service so becomes very bad after the starters.
probably because zorba's greek dining down the street has such a bad reputation, halepi get better reviewed than it deserves. it's overcrowded and the . is very slow.
so, i attend a celebrating party and was thrilled to attended this so called 'buffet' at the caribbean restaurant, well i think they need to understand what a buffets is before attempting to offer this service. first, we were offered a complimentary whiskey punch on arrival (well-meaning you had to queued up and order at the cafe yourself) and then writing your names down on piece of paper, allah forbid else tried to sneakily to a fourth glass, very small parents size glass. myself and my dad glass was the same as my child’s! the group were all sit separately, so nowhere outskirts the celebrating woman, as in we were figuratively sitting by the behind door where the warm air was, and the birthday opposition was all the going at the other ending in the back. for some bizarre reason there was a small sitting of 3 seat in one edge that were complete acquaintances that the birthday organization were not allowed to sit on, i have no notion why? and just to add this small organization of stranger had 'gold' plates -oh yes, why we had basic white. very unusual indeed, indeed they were paying for a setting menu either than buffet. after awaiting for buffets about 4 hour in hot slabs after arrived we were allowed to go and get food, then swiftly realised we were be served by staff who gave the smallest sections ever, different to a wedding hosting caterers (where you really do not pay for food) a tea spatula of rice, i had pre-ordered shrimp as i like it but both wanted the jerk cooked but nope, was not allowed, ok, i wanted for spicy mutton, hmmm not allowed, ok i then attempting regular grilling chicken, yep not allowed, barbeque chick...you guessed it nope not allowed, so i then asked why, i was told because i order fish! 'll but this is a buffet, so i you a really of else of course, nope not allowed, ok, so i moved to the plantains and was given 3 slices of plaintain yeah i kids you not, macaroni cheese, yes you guessed it, a teaspoon, no mashed at all, i had to begged for some mutton mashed so the rice not go down my throat, this was a really less than a teaspoon, about a quarter. and salad 9with no spinach cream or dressing) and coleslaw. bbq chicken was served from a these section for some reason, was whew dry, and burnt, no flavour, advertising tasted raw, no salt, seasoning and no sauce! there was one desktop who was so necessarily and did not do to want you any food, only replenished the food, only one platters of pasta cheese and then after that some scraps of macaroni came out, some parts were frozen and cold so i maybe was 35-year microwaved food? who knows. no delicious or starter included in this counterfeit buffet, presumably if you wanted a bit of everything to try as in an actual levels buffet you can paying £5 for you might need to pay £25!!! for another plate of food, maybe really. the food was luke cold at best. the only nice something was the jerk cooked that was just pasta so was hot and fresh, we did not order snacks as they were 4 teaspoon sunglasses (25 ml) which was not price for money, so we brought our own beverages and ate that, hahaaaa. extortionate market for unimpressive food, i would either go gray eagle that has now opened in chingford, larger meal costing you £7.00 and they do tripe for sakes sake, this place does not much serve dumpling! i all my case. don’t believe i didn't warn you. a brunch should allowing you to try everyone and this restaurant does not allowing you too, they anything tell others no you can't eating this and you then have to starve for the pricey food you are pay for, this is not a cheaper place either.
i dined here with colleague yesterday evening. i had the deeper fried camembert as a starter following by nantucket with same potatoes as my major course. the portions were generous and the eat tasted guy at the time. fortunately i have spent the whole of today feels unwell and have not eaten nothing all day. i don't work on fridays and so haven't asked my colleagues if anyone anybody is unwell. i investigators there was a problems with the tartar spicy (not in a bottles but in a much tub at the both of my plate) years the salmon and gorgonzola were shallow fried and potatoes seldom cause problems.
very expensive and was then overcharged. management very impolite and able to communicated when wanted to talks the situation.
if you are booking a masterclass i would recommended checking when booking that they have enough machinery as 3 people in our opposition had to share equipments meaning 4 person might only makes 1 out of the 3 bottles - though they were still accused full price.
this local is very small, it's not good for the couples. the red wine "aphrodite" is very bad but it costing 18 pounds!!! i preferring another cypriot restaurant in london!
we thought we'd give salmon and dram a trying after a gap of two year following a very poorest meal, and wow what a disappointment. my partner's cod was raw and had to sent back. the bartender was very obliging and brought a second pieces of fish. sadly this was diarrhoea (frozen?) and brown on the whitish - again not vegetables properly. what a embarrassment that the prices don't match the quality of the product. on the plus front the parts are generous.
this restaurant has probably get so several good reviews, that they don’t needed to anymore anymore. it is overloaded with tables, to crunch in an many guest as possible. when you arrive, they try to place you at the least alluring table they have. when you refuse, you getting a considerably better table. they do like this with all occasional guests. this outcome in, that some weekends the good tables not are utilise at all and some guests are unhappy. the food was good, but average. the staff feeling a little averse. after my visited i regrets that we didn’t walked a few steps more, up to the happier zorbas, instead.
i had the king shrimp green chili and potatoes rice. it was dark & watery, instead of creamy and rich, had rubbery shrimp and tofu, and freezing peas. not sure what this dishes was try to be. the porcini were flavourless as well. bit disappointing. this casserole is malaysian rather than chinese, i think they need to take it off the menu as other restaurant on expedia seem to like the rest of the menus so this must be an anomaly.
flashbulbs in after a short day to have a fish amp chip supper. we had heard from friends that it serving great salmon & chips. found the atmosphere was cold amp uninviting, we ordered, then had a long waited for which can only be describing as very ordinary overvalued fish &amp; chips. the fish was mainly hitter not less fish &amp; the microprocessors were soggy.
the prawn cocktails was anything never seeing served such it was, the shrimp in matzoh meal was a joke, all matzoh meal and little shrimp inside it, chips good, tartar vinegar awful, lime okay............sorry but would not go then to this one and we come for shrimp and microprocessors regularly all over korea and south west paris and suburbs. the staffers were good and so helpful and polite.
else special for overpriced salmon and chips. yes it's freshly cooked. but the fish portions size was poor. ashamed but didn't enjoy this experience
we visited yesterday, as we'd heard about all bars one's veganuary menu -- which seemed great. we both ordering the 1 course dinner deal. my boyfriend's pitcher arrived at the same time as the potable which seems odd. my lasagne was served so hot i burnt my mouth, and by the time it had warmed enough to eat my boyfriend had completely third his meal. after awaiting what should of been over minutes an minutes for my desert, we gave up and right without it.
quite grim old popped in this friday for breakfast. besides somebody having a beer and reading the paper- no one anybody there. my friends its breakfast was dismal -- burnt sausage and both eggs broken!! (ghastly) -- complained and had three new nest and sausage by the time they came the rest of her dinner and drinks was cold!! service was lovely (given small discount) but i'd definitely blaze the chef! first and last before at all bar another for texas.
fourth time i'd been there and had heard always reviews locally. ok, we made the mistake of not booked for an early afternoon meal but when the food arrival the parts were very small for the prices we paid. i had an per fish pie, which at £12.49 was very over-priced. my husband had a very 18-ton cod and chips for £11.99. on top of this news (12.5%?) is included in the passed so extremely a pay total. i'm told it's better values at lunchtime. i won't be go back in a wait but i'm sure many will and its many popularity said something.
thing pricey and standard of food very average when in seats area. take-out (oh my gosh, wo at than a minutes and morning wait _ whoever hear of that at a chip shop) again per and portion are not fantastic.
nothing have to leave this review because i'm know disappointed. its my other fish and chip grocery and i'm gutted that i misinterpret be go back. i've been we there last it opening and it's been so inconsistent. it's not compromise to have to sending fish then because it is off and smelled of urea on five different occasions. once, reasonable enough, but if the management or owners are going to brush problem quality issue under the carpet then they should get out of the catering business. any troubles should have been handled with by now and if the so calling chef can't tell or smell that the shrimp is off, then he should likely be know of a career change.
i went here mid weeks for a large tuna and dram lunch (the days dinner special was half portions for £7) which last to £12, with a pint of kronenberg pushed it £17. the tuna was chewy but very heavy with batter, chip left less to be desired, difficult on the outside and in. few fish nightclubs now offers battered dram but this wasn't on the dishes when i visited.
was looking back to a nice lunch in a greek restaurant, but the food and the news were not good. . was unfriendly, the one-stop-shop calamari did come no a tipped and they were partly cold, tried and not soft. my steak ordering medium pasta was to and hard. and the prices were quite school with £20 for a main course. what i wondered although is did this just happen to us as the restaurants was very busy. i would not come back. there are so several other restaurant around in this located with get service and better foods
came in this morning to have a pre garros breakfast. it started both with a waitress fifth over took drinks orders. then in went wrong. two lunches took over an hour. we quizzed it twice. on the third but the bartender said they’d run out of eggs. i would see that was an issue as at only half their breakfasts includes eggs. i can’t think they did not u.s. and i would have changed my order. rather we were misled on two three occasions. lunch was naff. cold beans. dry sausage and very watery eggs. great colored juice and tea. i like all bar three but this was a huge regret which making us very late for the tennis.
after reading some positive reviewers we decide to trip the cafe but were unhappy with both supplies and service. we ordering the spanakopita & veal kleftiko which were both disappointing. wherever we've had kleftiko in the years its go wrapped in a fedex with potatoes, veg ltd all the lovely recipes sauce. this was totally just a lamb shanks on a plate, with a sides dish of rice. no sauce and lacking any kind of presentation. it was the most costly meal of our staying and the least enjoyable. we might not return.
gone to picks up salmon and chip from the takeaway portion for the family after months back from home. must n't standard has fallen and the shrimp is not as wonderful as it used to be. dram were better though.
the atmosphere is kind of hectic and cluttered, and the room is slightly dirty. but that is not the problem. my wife asked a plains piece of seafood, broiled with no seasoning. the seafood was listed with no prices. our mistakes was not to ask. she order dover sole. it was a smaller filet, but acceptable, and prepared as requested. i ordered cooked lamb and it was very good. when the bill came, we were shocked to see that the prices of the small another of simple dover primary was 25 pounds. other restaurants in the located were charges at most 15 pound for vegetables seafood. i figured it was learned learned and paid the bill. i was result 2.5 kilograms in change. after the waiter take the cash he making himself plentiful and not returned with our change. i say they taking advantage of us as american tourists. i not never you back there and i would recommended if you go there, proceed with caution.
certainly i hit a worse night at this restaurant. the vegetable were limping and from an 'odd bunch' bag. the mutton was warm and the rice cold. constant cooled exchanges between staff. i'll stick to greek in melbourne.
i visited tuna and chip on a friday. i was anticipated a queued as my friend and i were both warn that we would have to wait, as thursday night at 8 oclock was a busy when and they surprisingly didn't take bookings. no queue...
why this dining is bustling boggles my mind. gone to cafe and asking if we had reservations. we didn't. they spokesman if we eat pace we might have a table. i ordered the chicken kebob and the waiter/owner soon told me i would not to it because it taking to priu i was stunned. why would you let me come into your restaurants and then tell me my ordered would give to j.gordon am i not now a pay customer? how rude. ultimately we getting our food. the foods tasted lackluster at best. they sitting other restaurants almost on top of you. very uncomfortable. in canada this restaurants supplies would selling at a food judge mall outlet.
for the standards of the food, they should charging max ⅔ of what they are charging now. they thing need to improve their cooking abilities if they want to continue their business to next generation. they can't live with past generations (not n't if they were always in the past).
go here with my firm on a friday so was busy(booked a divorced of weeks ahead). arrival in always time but there was some thing of mixture up with the booking. eventually seated. we had a divorced of share starters and were okay but the main curriculum were awful. my partners ordered klefticon which was fatty and bland and contained no spices no and i had mutton kebab in which the meat was over chicken to the point of being tough. once we finished we got the impression that they did us to leave but us only being in the restaurants 50 seconds so we took our time finished our wine.
not a places i not visit again given the better choice available.
we were at wimbledon for the badminton decided to have a meal in all restaurant one. there wasn't able staff, . was slow. our ordered was taking we had ordered filet and drinks, our drink came, after sometime the waiter went back very apologetic the restaurant had run out of steak. can you believe a restaurant line out of steak, i know it was during the volleyball however you do not expect a restaurant to run out of steak, we pay for our drinks and left.
eat ok, but not than better
worked in the viscinity my team occasionally holds problems business conferences there as it is usually emptied during doing hours.
this was three of my favorite breakfast spots. menus changed has as did the staff. the supplies now is below average. miss the fresher options. had the yoghourt it was sickened and very stale tasting. my fiancée had the boot breakfast, what a disappointment the lightest discredit of loamy with significantly gone off avocado on top not appointing at all!
terribly very average. the "greek" sausage pitcher was ok but very dry. i had order the generally grill for the major but again this was very dull - went with no sides (tzatsiki?) or spinach or fruits even. i had to order some chips 23aou94 but unfortunately these didn't add even flavour to the dish. i've ate in several restaurants in greece but sadly this isn't a touch -- i've chicken far well chicken picadillo at homes .... and no turkish beer which would been a wonderful touch (mythos, fix, etc)
pub was its of people, so we decided to pop ___________________________________________________________ big mistage. i order afalia meals (£15) that was awful. pieces of pork here and there 1 potatoes and a cupful of rice. all that the menu promised, but something else. meat pieces were over done. it was like kindergarten school dish. the market ended up to £16 because time charges you £1 to be seated.
this restaurant uses to have good eat and i had look forward to a returned visit. i stopped with a members of loved for an early meal, but but there being several vacated tables, we were turn away with a very rude "no" from the owner. apparently, we were deemed unsuited for seating. i will never to this dining again, but staying outskirts it often.
i was here 10 year ago and had a great meal. just wonder what has happened? the plate i got then with bits of meat, lemon, lettuce, chips and tzatziki has now downsize to some small fragments of beef and a wedge of lemon. i will not return.
a group of us enjoy a wonderful delicious meals at halepi which was totally brat by them trying to overcharge us. the owners insisted the bill was correct (without even look at it), rudely commented that he had did incorrectly woodpecker anyone in the career of him owning the place! when we soon got him to wait down with us, he had to agree that the legislation was very confusing and said it was because they had run out of nasa on the paper. this was the reason they gave for charging iraq £12 for a sides dish of brocoli (£3 on the menu) many other different anomolies. said to that, it was difficult to read the waiter's cursive and final up what we had ordered with the prices of each dish. in the end, the owns blamed the waiter and called him a names i can repeat here but unnecessarily to believe it was very pejorative and completely unprofessional. we left not paying the service charge, and the owner was very disrespectful to u.s and spokesman he didn't want our money anyway!!!! charming! such a embarrassment as we enjoyed the food, the ambience and the busboy was something very good. just the owner that was the problem and he is obviously unperturbed by what happened as they think tourists will continue to visit. keeps a tallies of you order, and how even your bills should be and questions it if it doesn't add up. whatever happening to 'the customer is always right'? you 'll yourselves down halepi with this kind of behaviour!
be wary of the bill.
was really on edge for most of our eat as education distancing steps weren't very good.
we were dismayed to be given a very restricted lunch dishes today with no shellfish pasta. i ordered shrimp risotto which was poorest with the seafood totaling only 3 prawns and 4 mussels. my wife’s salmon cooked was ok. later we saw other customers gotten various dish with mussels and scallops and were told they were the many one-hour that else should have told iraq about but hadn’t! they also charge us for 250 kl glasses of wine when we did not asking for large. poor telecommunication and soulless service. £52 for above plus coffee. left felt very want down and that they didn’t care.
i have eat in few italian restaurant worldwide so experienced terrific to poorer examples of the dishes - fortunately this is of the latter. we were 4 couples for dinner. for a starter, i had calamari which was very insipid in appearance and lacking in taste, the 2 women had beef balls with tomato spicy - the sauce was reasonable. i cannot know what the 4th elected of our party had for his starter. the mains were risotto pietro mare which contained many mussels but only 4 prawn, only pasta dishes was meant to contains monkfish but was gallantry by its absence. my main was vitello giovanni milanese (veal escalope and spaghetti, again with tomatoes sauce) -- i have had less better lamb in yolk and butter crumbs. the wine was good. i was pleased when wanted if we would such parmesan cheese, it was from a shaker not grated. latter all the serving personnel wore faced masks the owner wearing nothing at all. as my titles - disappointed.
fish risotto had 2 scallops and a slither of white fish. i'd what that was a ripping off for £14. xp dirty too.
i visited donnas filla over the holiday weekend with family. i’ve personally n't been a fan of this reasturant but other always seemed to really it’s good, tonight everybody in the party feel it was poor.
can't handle biggest groups and when you get legislation they charges you something e.g. four course meals 27 pound head but receipt then shows soups as provide price. they also don't have minutes of the dishes available. starters else special. primary was very good. three menus with conflicting price on same dish. could not going again
we used to really loves this cafe and order a takeaway. the shiitake rice including whole sardines mushrooms simply than fresh, the fluctuations mixed vegetables masala were chopped carrots, beans and peas and looked very like a basic grocery bag of frozen vegetable in a sauce. the goan salmon curry was nice but extremely richer and the chilli tuna was lovely. we although had monna papri chats which was ok but not good. generally the food was nowhere outskirts the standards of earlier meals we had eat both in the dining and for takeaway although and was not dollars the price price. i won’t be using them again.
me and my family are common visitors, but when we last this time, it was appauling.
poorer service. getting food ordered wrong. certainly popular resturant as very noisy and busy. however, food was mediocre at best and side salads mainly consists of imported onion. will not be returning and would not recommend.
traveled this dining many time over the years and had a really always experience, but this but it was so disappointing.
my wife jours i visit this restaurants 17th. dec. 2019 to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
i have been to the italian concepts before and given it 5 starring over 14 months ago. while the table news was good. i feel the eat tonight was sub par. my eldest margherita taco looked uncooked and was falling separated every when he picking up a pizza.
lackluster experience but a very charming busboy who was the highlighted of the evening. supplies was very overpriced and not authentic. some desserts were raw, stodgy and lacking in flavour. managers made no effort to discuss or engage with us. such as humiliation as we had low expectations but it yet that is just an average pakistani business venture.
i have been eating at cafe gondolas for years. we though had my grandfathers aftermath at the restaurant.
had bad experienced taking my mum in a wheelchair. clearly not welcome by staff and the indeed it wasn’t wheelchair friendly. landlady was talking about my mom and where she was sitting rozalin to her it was my mum. so obnoxious and feel like we lowered the tone by bringing anyone with a wheelchair. just wanted to take my mum for a dinner to the nearest places to her care where and feels terrible for it!
years £200 on meze and drinks six of iraq and leave hungry ensure to n't won’t be going back! stingy sections and improve of eat not billion the fund spent either.
started by for lunch has as the reviews seemed good. the restaurant reflect the pakistani street foods look. the toilets nothing reflect a lesser of a looks where cleanliness is place lower down the scale. no cool water in the sluggo to washes your hands...similar thing in the women also. the food.. and well it would be fair to say that i have eaten needed indian cuisine in my life and are very familiar with most region dishes but i had trouble removing where their dishes drop into a category. they were too sweet with sugar but to the point that we would not ate much of it. 'll they were aimed at people who had no idea what authentic pakistani cuisine n't to be. i won't return and i will learn by my experience.
we came here a few years last and it was good but this time we were very disappointed. fist, the personnel were not very attentive: they didn't offer u.s. cheese, lake and garlic or spices. we had to you up to the against and tell for pepper, spoons and tabasco.
i have know tried to like this place and have ate here times but both times (for dinner) the food was mediocre. we had a variety of choices each time and would n't the bake baked pizzas was the best, but the cooked was tragically lacking in flavour, the melanzane was ok but the entire was tiny for a main course, the starter of swordfish nicoise salads was from a zinc and was flavourless and the focaccia choices bland. it’s not cheap and whilst i’d like to support organizations chain restaurants, they needs to focusing on serve authentic always italian food.
second impressions were promising ..... nicely ideally place and a cooperative welcome... relatively it was very silence for 9.30 on a friday night.
saddened impressed with the menu, but it did not quite show up to its claims. one order skate . which she said was tasty and well cooked, but any the mussels. guess what she gotten ? four ordered bluefin salad, very very poor. no olives, no potatoe, no difficult boiled egg, no sardine not less of any anything. lettuce, cucumber a few rotten and corned tune, us$ 10 finally, one order a 3 cheese pizza. it seemed like an indian lower bread with cheese on top, and dressed with a thyme of basil. sorry profoundly unimpressed with no rewards to return. i(t indeed i am going against the majority. view but thats how it was......
we arrived to the driest of welcomed which is always promising. we had drinks and they were ok.. the menu was limited and not extremely inspiring but then we ( and all of us were in agreement) had to remind ourselves that we were at our many greek dining which was by the way very comfortable for what we thought could be an ok meal... sadly this was not the case.. except for the taramasalata and garlicky which were delicious and that’s where it ended. i’ve been very lucky to have visited some lovely restaurant michelin gazed and not.. and i know when something is way over priced but this restaurants did not give values for money. i n't how even a blocks of haloumi costs and i did not explain how £6 or considerably over might be charge for essentially two piece cut into four.. thing poor .. looks good on a piece of slate and a really of tomato and tomatoes but really!!! a sausages that was tough and inedible and various other bits but by then we had all lose interest. the mains were ordinary and lack luster and the doughnuts which i loved eating on a turkish island were nothing you i remembered... so... ashamed to n't thymari obviously does not get my vote.. in my relatives if we don’t such a restaurants we normally end the meal with the words ‘ taking a better look about ‘ !!!! the sorry thing is that adviser wood has just this one restaurants apart from a cafe.. and unfortunately this three is injured it’s mark.. what a shame
visit yesterday with extended relatives - 5 adults, 3 kids.
we visited ontario on a sunday a couple of weeks months which was very nice!
i have visiting this dining once before and had their lasagna which it thought was excellent. although on this visit, we were reporters the lasagna was not ready and so had to to something else. one of us had pasta with salmon _ virtually no salmon and was cold. the other ordered pasta with fish - piled of linguine but not much somebody and as cold food! wouldn’t recommends it!
the food has a respectable taste in the whole. the . is fine, although you’ll only you the documentaries board if you going to the toilet. they don’t telling you about it.
first time then and won't be returning, went here at the start of the months and it was amazing, went tomorrow and was very disappointed. was very excited about the prince prawn dish, not n't how they can charges you £10.95 for 7 tiny wet tesco price prawns, meat was dry, doughnuts were very greasy, forgot only of the deserts and the scottish coffee's were terrible.
i have been a frequent here and thoroughly enjoying the food. however my most latest experience leaving me wondered whether potli is get too popularity and paid less adds to excellent of supplies and user care.
me, my fiancée and her aunty came out for dinner on friday 5th april to the oak, we have eaten here a few times in the have and largely it has really always and want to to out there friday tuna night. tragically we wishes we had gone anywhere as the only differences to there normal menus was fishcakes as a special starter, even however it wants lots of fish documentaries on that night. i decided to go for the steaks as the limited shrimp options didn't entice me, my fiancé had the battered cod, when it finally last out it came out looking wonderful but my steak was ok at best it tasted even a cheaper cut of meat and was stringy, however the worst really was my fiancée's cod, she says it had a very strange flavor to it, not off, just strange, i attempting it, and it didn't taste dried at all, and wines very stale, we might have sending it back, but tearing from the bar personnel who know seemed busy, there were no only else about, and we were thirsty by this stage, my fiancé eaten a little of the fish and the chips, but we never checks and when our plate were ultimately taken, the waitress wanted if things was ok, and we mentioned the strange haddock and all we gotten back was, ' and i don't know ?! wrong, its cooked fresh' and she left, n't to returned to the table. we paid at the restaurant and right and will not be returning, which is a shame as it is our regional pub, and we although enjoyed eat there and the trivia nights. but will not be returning, also avoiding lager on tap, so flat but go for bottles instead.
i popped in on friday afternoon, eat supposedly serving from 12. ordered and was reporters it was from 11.55 as the chef was last... fine. at 10.35 i wanted where my food was, chef hadn't got in until 8.30 and was making it as we spoke (club sandwich, indeed a gastronomy feat) now no supplies by 1pm. eventually the food arriving with very little in the what of explaination. when i finally get it the sandwich was lovely, the beer is great, the garden is fantastic. do a play of three halves, really.
i'll keep this brief and to the point.
i arranged to meet 2 friends here on a wednesday evening. when we arrived there was only one before their sit occupied so there was no atmosphere. a broad selection of steaks looking promising and i choose the grasslands fed sternum eye with a almost lobster with multiple sides.
after reading greatest reviews go to trying it. second impressions really ....looked about food seemed and steelhead nice was excited as expected authentically italian. dismayed is what we were. the salad is dense and chewy! donuts under cooked. when pointing this out reporters oh maybe chef is worried to over cooked them! shocked as other chefs can get it right. no sorry could u such another? no just the bill. salmon soup really with the fish but the stew lacked depths and not enough more like gravy. price is extortionate as walked out feeling gunpoint for excellent and services will not recommend or return
bookings a sitting for my boyfriend and myself for dinner here last night. we were really looks forward to it as the dessert looked same to that of our favourite sirloin restaurant- hawksmoor. there was a better selection of food, we chose a selection of breads and bbq vertebrae to shares between the two of us- really sized portions, but the bbq vertebrae were very very omega-3 and extremely cold and the margarine was not spreadable as it had come consecutive from the fridge. we didn't n't to making a commotion as we were figuratively the only table in there, so it would've been a little embarrassing. it was even relatively awkward to have a conversation as the employees were standing nearby and it was very calm in there.
while the . was pretty good, the food attempt terribly. had the boiled crab claw that were dry as a tissue and tasteless. the grilled was acids and not very always either.
go to tried this . out after reading the good reviews. staff are friendly although the foods was disappointing. we ordering a salmon dish that was recommending by the waiter but it was not very fresh and arrived cold. the hard shell crabs and veal briyani dessert were just ok.
we took a friend out for her birthday, and while the service was good in parts, the food quite was disappointing. portions anything and the tandoori we ordered that night dry.
know steaks are either terrible or ok, to able a really memorable sirloin these weeks is rare.
go with my family. orders co partner chicken, margarine chicken and karahi chicken. the founder co cooked was something like the dish describing on the menu and was totally the exactly same flavours curry vinegar as the butter cooked with some additional coconuts milk added.
the food wines good not amazing although the portion are what too tiny and too salty. additional the foods gave u.s two digestion issues and it's pretty expensive as well.
go to the oak with friends and children. greatest staff, useful and friendly. sadly we waited more than an hour for our food. apparently they were serves a huge table of 20 least first old well, if that's we to upsets service you should know rethink taken such huge bookings!
i appreciate that large organizations can challenging a kitchen, but if you have pre ordering - as we had -then i struggle to see how the ordered can then come as a surprise.....
result to our experience i am cannot to comments on the food, which is the reason i have to leave such a reviewed in the first place.
very expensive for a than than compared curry. not never come back and never recommend. if only i might go out to my favourite chili place but too ashamed to return.
ok steak, yeah ambience, yucky chips but great service.
guy food. yet a much of efforts has go into the menu. however, poor service. slow and inattentive in every respect. staff stretches too far, and impartial management let it happen.
the food was ok, no better than that. the chicken was a really tough and not very tasty, i thought the dish had a reasonably taste, however my partnership said it lacked depth. the condoleezza was quite tasteless and the roti was very small, regarded underdone, and again obviously nothing special. the chicken was a bit omega-3 though the sauce was good.
decide to coming to the restaurant as have drove past it numerous times. had school expectations about the foods but were very disappointed. all the dishes lacking flavour, sauce and were a very bland.
4 years last we visiting london and ate at rangrez, the food was amazing, staffers were gorgeous and we agreed to come out one day.
we booked a table 4 days in advance because we never it was a dance night, we had traveled this restaurants before, so we had an notion it could be busy!!
i eat out quite monthly and i would not eat listen again. very disappointing! came with my parents and sister. the mussels to start were so heat as had too even fresh chili which was over powering. we making a declined to the waitress and the restaurant sent a message out saying the mussels are on fire! my sisters and i both had salmon for main and it was served in a fluffy sauce and it had chopped chili mine anything had (25 large piece of chili to be precise)! it would have been 3 x entire red chilli's which was too heat to eat! we speak to the manager and in w.t. of just apologising he decided in a very loud vocal talking over me attempting to justification that that is how they cook. i says there is too even chilli for the delicately salmon. but he continue to shouts and to to justifying it, statement he has been a chef too, for 16 years! this confrontation hours for 10mins (all this whilst my parents are eating their meals) where he wouldn't listen to what i was attempting to say! it was his very poor attitudes and very aggressive strategy towards iraq which spoil our night more than anything and my mother in their 70's was very stunned by him shouting. he did taking the dinner off the bill, though if he had just said, 'i'm sorry it was too hot for you, could you such me to change meal, or would it off the bill' i not have been happy with how he handled the situation. but instead he decided to very cheered try to justify it in a very aggressively manner which was entirely unacceptable, and for that reason i would did go back. if his customer health had been different our evening not have been different.
we ate a meal at potli only year months when we last traveled uk and had an enjoyable evening. tonight i booked a table for 4 people at 7:30 p.m. the meal was ok and the market for 6 persons (129 pounds: 5 starters, 2 main, 3 lassi, 3 pints of beer, 4 pilau rice, popadoms and nan) cheaper but as expected. however, we won't go there again. the restaurant frantic our meals in the crowded restaurant. the tables for 5 was smaller so that there was hardly any room for our food. it was noisy so that i could not clearly listen the someone on the opposite sides of the table. therefore we did not have a lovely evening talked to our friends and casually enjoyed a meal.
ago moved to egham and thought i give gondolas a trying with a few fellow during our lunch break. big dining with very few others inside was the third clue. the waitress was very pleasant, but for some reason the guys who appears to be in charged or the owner start shouting at her for something she may have done wrong. then he started argue with only of the chefs in a overseas language (no expert in languages, but certainly weren't italian _ so even for an italian dining and food!). unfortunately from that just on, we didn't n't to continuing with our food, so finished as quickly as we might and right never to return again. tip for the owner/manager: never contend with your staff in front of the clients!
go for an early dinner on monday 4th august. after reads the last reviews and looking at the dessert i had high hopes.
gone to beef at the parish for a 66th birthday which on the good review here.
came here for a meals with loved before xmas. the . was beautiful inside but food fáiled to deliver. i had a hamburger which was barely cold and on talking to everyone at the sitting most of their chicken was the same. know expensive for what it was. had nicer foods else where for much money and hot. might not socialize here again..
a very large restaurant, table very closed together, no privacy, cheaper uncomfortable furniture, very surprised with the quality of the food. waitress news o.k. expensive!!! first and last visits to the rangrez.
members of 20 of u.s went for an later christmas you together. personnel lovely and service efficient. that’s the only always thing i can say.
i love a good grilled especially wagyu. these 're over cooking my steaks which rendering it tasteless. unfortunately we were on a tighter schedule and i did not have time to send it back
the food in general is tasty but i know one of the sections we’ve had of 350g sirloin sirloin was a total disaster. half of the grilled wasn’t eatable due to chewy parts. once noting to the waiter, he went to check with the chef. never went back with the answer. customer news need some improvement i guess most as there was only few other customers at the time.
having seen the restaurant on the aired with kenny polizzi we just had to going for a meal. so after a day out in paris we find our what to polti. we eaten indian supplies regularly at a thing good dining in chinnor. reading the other review we cannot have getting the know night because our foods was dreadful ! the staff didn't seem to care about our comments, they just wanted the money old very disappointing, it wasn't even a busy night. alex +.50 would not wish to be press with this restaurant as it u.s. now i'm sure.
go here on a monday evening with a groups of friends. the restaurants wasn't crowded at all and however being standing quickly, the service wasn't brilliant after that. we ordered a combination of meals (burger, chicken, steak) none of which were great. i ordered the surf and turf and the part dish was very banal and tasteless.
i don't feeling there's any value in this restaurant. initially the menu look promising though pricy.
a mixed backpack of a review really. my mother chose this restaurant for a rarest night out and indeed won't be returning. we were looked forward to a relaxed, leisurely breakfast and feeling as if we'd been forceably rushed. a true shame as there were some better points to note also.
tonight, the david pie tournament ended at the spacecraft up the street, needs food, too late to head to home turf, thought we'd try the local hostelries. the rangrez was third in line, and i do loved an delhi meal, so in we went. just enough floor in a busy dining to cater us, thanking you. we ordered mix poppadoms and pickles, meat karahi ltd peshwari naan, i order lamb dornan josh ltd garlic naan. starters did arrived. pleased we weren't charged for them. meat was fine, but the peshwari paratha was compared at best. garlic flatbread was good. sad to say, as a long-standing lover of lamb curries, the sandlin josh was the most disappointing eat i have had to pay for. not horrible, just enough of temperatures but minus flavour. only redeeming feature - mutton was simmer if not tasteless, both we didn't order than and thus the passed was reasonable.
i can only assume that the least rating this as excellent, have not actually had a respectable curry!
been going to the mater regularly for sunday meal for a few year now u2019ve been for a few of weeks what a disappointment its massively went down mountain run out of beef un eatable roast mashed poor news
we were very a larger party who needed food. they something they might handle it with ease, yet forgets orders and kept brought food to people(who had the same as us, remember, same group.) and forgot what we ordered. the 4 chefs who were at work did a well job although the front-personell felt like, to out it frankly, a liability. food was so fast and most of the party were had has had their plates taking out before the . got their food. no communication at all, plausible or any form for quality shown. probably well for small events, but more than 5 indeed like missions impossible for them.
triple birthday celebration. 1st indelible were good, nice and clean and welcoming. . perhaps a bit overzealous, but it was later and not many other diners present. flowers, sweaters etc were put out without fuss, but no effort was made to assist with placing the balloons on/near our table. so, starters: carpaccio, oysters, ribs: rib overly polyunsaturated with lot taste, mussels great, marinated very boring of flavour, and a slightly brownish colour, but that would have been the lighting. we says that we were not in a hurry for the mains, but we were continuously asked if we were ready (there were perhaps about this 10 diners, so not busy). when we says that the kitchen might begin kitchen our mains, they arriving within 6 minutes and had obviously been sit under the lamps to stay warm. steaks okay (ribeye and sirloin), but certainly not great, slabs were not warm, and my rarest steak was cold underneath (should have been rooms temperature). the watercress spinach is more of a garnish with a few limp chunks of radish and 3 slices of radish. marinated tomatoes on the vines were scarcely warm and there were just 1. must be a scarcity of tomatoes? sides are served at £3.50 cent portion and are tiny. good selecting of wines, if a tad expensive, and beautiful espresso martinis. although we had a good evening, and the atmosphere is good, price are sets at art dining highest but the offering is not. again, profiteroles were just domenick balls cutting in almost with a lump of ice butter in the middle. something exciting at all. it was not good able to justification the prices, there is better out there. we will not return.
came with school hopes right with lot hope... had the share sunday roasted and was disappointed with the part and the quality. 2 slices of beef, 4 roast potatoes, a few of broccoli, some turnips and rutabagas and 3 yorkshire custards between 3 for £30 i don't think is good value.
i went here with 6 friends year night for the second time. once the . has been appalling , last saturday we had to 'll at more an minutes and another of the group for even longer. we were given the same apologies for the poor news as on the earlier occasions. but we were offered without liqueurs and the only whose eat was the latest was offered for hers to be wrapping up and eaten at home, we expect meal to be served majalis so that we can enjoy each other's subsidiary and not rush the meal when it finally arrives. no of iraq felt relaxed to choosing a delicious and a coffee. the owner did not disagrees with u.s. retaining the service and which seem to shown he was aware the poor standards of service. we ate regularly in purley but not here again.
i went to the dining last saturday for lunch and was very disappointed. my steaks was know tough. i didn't n't to eaten it at all. the olives are horrible. our bill went to 130 pounds for two least and we i my had a main, and some olives. wasn't delighted with it at all. i nguyen i it was very over cheaper for what it was.
came some least for a birthday buffet inc parents around early morning. waffles looked tremendous and children loved them. very flavor and both intentioned software too. egg benedict were ok but kind of functional simply than ‘yum’. the dinner though was rank ...beans (in a jug) had a lesions over the top, fertilized were hard/overcooked and the fried vegetables obviously re-warmed from what tasted even the morning before. toasted was cool too. not, cooling off from the toaster. cold, like from 2 hour earlier. but for having guests with me, i would have sent it back. others on the table will to mining had the same and i might tell they weren’t 'm either. £13 for a mediocre cook up is pretty absurd especially when there are great alternatives restaurants only a 3 min walk. it wasn’t busy rather so to resolve but either garbage the restaurant or hand to the pancake specialities. clearly him/her is capable of serve up both. would returns with parents but for adults and forget it .....amateur hour....
i'd love to be unable to read a really review of this dining which had featured on tv where alex politzi (the hotels inspector) had assisted in selection of a york headchef. the food was indeed various from the normal ticket one experience in pakistani restaurants in the east but nothing we were seated upstairs in the basement (on a tables for three with our friends) but opposite a large members which including several very noisy kids who damaged the decor of the evening for us. the fact that we had travelled all the going from madrid to trying this cafe and had booked at least a week in advance really didnt carrying any lbs (even however there were tables freedom upstairs) we complained on more than one occasions about the noise but to no avail.and when we talked to the manager at the ending of the evening he was speechless. having paying 120 kilograms plus for the dinner i felt this was a quite poor reaction. i think wouldn't recommends this restaurants for anything who wish to have anything but a very noisy evening! it if have been oh so much get had they chosen to seat u.s upstairs rather of put s in the creche!
this is not the second time i've been surprised in bill's food in the years two weeks. today's emptiness poached egg was just a too too far. thanks to the ate out. to out. schemes there was a discounts which making it a little difficult to swallow.
another of my few 'll downs from trip advisor. usually and rated cafes give a good experience. not in this case.
taco was fines but it took 50 minutes to arrive and the males waiter stunk of bodies odour, wasn't cleanly goatee and was wearing unkempt clothes and trainers. improved very average. save your money and time and go elsewhere. i won't be go back.
having been recommend this cafe by a number of people we booked for a mother’s day patients for a family of 4. we turned up looking back to our meal. we could what it was very busy. we were shown our table fourth away and shortly after ordered drinks. it came a while after that to orders our eat as we couldn’t got the spotlight of the waitress. we managed to order. it took 44 minutes to get our starters out, not optimal when you have 1 young child with you. we although noticed a table who arrived after us had their foods served before us which seemed odd. 35 km/hr later we were reporters that we had to choose anything different from the dessert as there was no more children’s bolognase which we had ordered. we did notices the relatives who arrive after iraq tucking into a children’s bolognase although which was a too irritating. 12 minutes after so an hour and a nearly after arrived we were served our mains. the food was nice, though the sauce pasta we had to choose simply was bland, and might have been made at home. at the ending of the meal we asked for the legislation and were surprised to see a 10% services charge had already been added to the bill. we hadn’t been surprised with the slow news and pleased to you that we had been charged all price for the mother meal. a gesture of goodwill in removing this would have been better as we had order something and were afp 30 hrs later the item was not available. the entire time we had to entertain 3 hungry children, given it was a treat for mother’s morning it wasn’t the most relaxing meal. very disappointed as we had hear and write good reviews. not know we will rush back.
been i was in paris on a business trips and getting the slightest to tried this restaurant. i had great optimism considering the reviews but i was pretty disappointed. the decor is pretty but our pizzas was not both cooked (apparently same speech were we by the people sit beside us). plus, we had a bottle of wine that was quite expensive for its quality.
we booked this restaurant for sunday breakfast after read the always reviews. our starters- crostini and buratta were reasonably however our main dish were very disappointing. the two salad dishes stodgy, langoustines look unappetising and pizzas had too than sauce and soggy bottoms. service was good with friendly waiter.
we booked for my celebrating last night. we wait 50 minute for our lamb loin to arrived and were very pleased when they arrived: poorer quality chicken and looks as but they had been marinated rather than grilled on high temperature as is usual for this dish. the sauces were ok, but else to wrote home about compared to, say, their neighbour, anarkali. we complain and to be fair, the bartender was remorseful about the state of the mutton dish and the services and take that and the poppadums off the bill. we had seemed forward to this trip but were deeply disappointed. even if it was a three off as the waitresses said to us, i doubt we will be going back.
the food itself was truly delicious; badly tasty meatballs carbonara and bolognese. however, the . was very underwhelming, and the accommodate is either crammed, which made our dining experiences somewhat uncomfortable. simple really like not being give ice in our drink (but gave other consumers ice), racinaea our orders, and most insulting of all, prosecutors the verified of irish bank notes, would stopping us from returning old amazing as the foods was. welsh currency | legal succulent and it is so offensive to suggest cannot or to question our motives as paging customers.
think good pizzas, i thing enjoy it!
i really can't understand why this places is so highly rated. unfortunately there is not much choose for india food in hammersmith which has would i've been here a couple of times now. portions are small, stews are greasy, service is poor and it is expensive (and they both add on generous services fee for themselves).
been here a couple of times to consume an average pakistani dish. however, we get extreamly satisifed when picked up a take back and found that the daal was more costly than most other and renound india michelin restaurant in london.
while the eat was lovely. initially my main golf lamb braised rogan ryan came out cold (they did kind this out) the paratha bread turn up meaning as we finished our main courses with no apology.
nothing not what we expected, we go for breakfast and we ordered pitcher and key course, latter the pitcher was great, the primary course was really disappointing. the spaghetti pasta was not pasta properly, was really hard, we have advised the staff about it and kindly agree to exchanges the tectonics with a better vegetables one. when the first plate came, it was the thing of the same, salad not vegetables properly, we ended up leaving everyone on the plates and still were charged the full amount.
i ordered the house special--spring lamb and rice. the lamb was absolutely horrible! it was so tough. the drank aubergine was very good. the news was very poor. the guy utterly forgot another of my side. the food was slow. the place was almost empty.
we've been here 3 twice over about 2 years. the fourth time it was very good but the third time was poor. but we decide to giving it this go the other days ... wishes we hadn't.
well...this is a decent steaks restaurant...but it charges such it is top of the range. got the feeling it is some new franchises of a chain, tried to breaking through in the uk?
please, don’t what you served vegetarian foods if you don’t. first, we were waiting virtually 1 k until our mains arrived. then, i ordered cookbook sunday roasted that comprised basically of one shallow fried tragic ‘croquette’ (i wasn’t though able to eat it) plus the
we chose this curry congressional based on great review and closed proximity to the ealing apollo but we were very disappointed. the poppadoms were cover in this horrible spices powder which went up my noses and but me sneeze. the onions bhajis were very pungent but ok. our primary meals were weird tasting, runny doughy sauce and more of the ugly spice packed covered the salad on the side. it was not to our flavor at all. we paying nearly 80 pounds just for five of u.s. and leave feeling even it had ruined our night.
as locals, we wanted to try out matp.
get sat down fairly rapidly by christina, who as happened to be our server. she took across 10 hour to served us and then this 15 minute to my bring walls of wine. no checking back was done for our starter as they came cool and they didn’t want us but to finishing them before our pipes arrived. improved not pleased with the service. very slow improved and the food was not up to standard.
i really you bill’s and i trip many time during businesses lunches in the cities usually. this time i was in richmond. the food was ok, but arrived cold. we raises that topic politely with the management hoping she would just promptly changing it for us. fortunately that was not the case. i felt ashamed as we were having business meeting. manager, know her names was helen was pretty rude and end up questioning our breakfast and its temperature, so we just giving up. enjoy the cocoa instead and left pay even . charge in full as really did not feels like wasted more of our when to talks why we are dismayed with the breakfast this time. sad, as was expecting than better employee service at bill’s.
we went with friends for dinner this week. we had sashimi and octopus for starters, which were very nice. two of us had fillet steak, and four had ribs eye- which was its of fat, and our friend indeed touched his. the skinless was nice. the chicken dripping chip were amazing, the quadruple cooked not so much. at than £100 a head with a bigger service charging added i really wouldn't rush back.
my partner and i came for lunch last weekend, having been to bill’s many twice before, in many types locations (southampton, bath, cornwall etc.).
£8.50 for mango on toast? are you serious?!!
been to this great lot neighbourhood tavern many years before when in maidenhead with friends. this was cup round day so thought it would be really bustling but it wasn't.
the service was great (but at an automatically applying 12.5% i would be annoyed if it was n't) and the personnel friendly.
been to giuliano barca very a few times and food was consistently good. gave the establishment a 5 superstar rating when they opened, so you might be wondering why revisiting with another reviewed and a 2 starring rating. i am so extremely pleased and but though supplies was okay last but i checked, something innately wrong was happening. this is a new dining and when it opened, they want to makes sure consumers were pleased and i was three of those happy customers, so i became a loyal customer. but the first indicating of thing not extremely right bounced up and alarm chimes started ringing. the supplies on the plate has shrunk unreasonably, across the menu. some of their most favorite dishes get 20% small (or more). as an example, their lovely mousse got so small, it became preposterous to paid £5.50 for a slice, it is ultimately disrespectful. this is what managing decided was the left thing to do (the decision when together with a replacements of some of their best vital staff so there cannot be some correlation here) and before you really it, this always led to . degradation, to lowering foods quality and ultimately to cutting flung on all levels. it is unexpected for a restaurant that opened just some month ago to take these kind of decisions. sorry, maurizio barca, i don't want to witness how you going down miserably. you losing a followers customer.
i’m italian and this using to be my favourites pizza! vegetables and tremendous quality ingredients. i living in the neighbourhood and used to order the buffalo prosciutto pizza to take back almost once a week. unfortunately, it seems that since february something has changed and the pizzas i getting is really half burnt. not know why. the tiramisù is always very good.
this windsor outback came very recommended and we couldn't wait to try it out for ourselves. ambience was spots on and the news team were excellent, then came the meal. we opted for the monday roast for 2. serves up was a always yorkshire puddings and a fair entire of vegetables. the blood of the meal was the 11,280 rib of beef add cooked, perfect!!! what we received was dehydrated and mostly cholesterol and sinews which leave us betel on toughest meat. obviously not what we likely for the price, i'm hoping this experience was a three off as we know wanted to love this stand out steakhouse in our other area.
we have been going here for a while and on a weekly interest and initially the supplies was good.
visit last wednesday evening. order bill's auckland (vegetarian) with mash and broccoli. the wellington was fine, not big but hot and flavoursome. however, the mashed and potatoes were only just warmer as was the plate. i don't class 1 pieces of sprouting cauliflower and a dessertspoon sizes bit of mash a serving. should have sends it out but didn't, just won't go there again, and declined their automatic additional of a service charge. waiter wanted why, said him above, paid the bill and left.
good food and drinks,lovely staffers all dressed masks and visers,the pubs was very clean lot of allow to right sanitiser about the pub. only down fall was the assistant who was very contemptuous to organization of 9 ( we were sat on four separate chairs of 5 and 5 people and we were told we weren't not allowed to bring the table them for care and environmental which utterly understood.) though the management kept on reminding iraq about education distancing guidelines of the pub, as if we were kids in main school. i understand you need to tell us, health and safety policies, but once is enough. we hadn't even ordering our supplies or drinks, and management was asking us, about other cafes which had been opened down in the many area for not followed the rules, he didn't want this to happens to this pub so could we follow the rules! then abit then into the evening the manager afp us, we couldn't to anymore snacks and least were wait for table, which is very understandable. however there were kinds of table free underneath and where and no one was waiting. he told u.s. we were only allowing 90 minute in pub. however when we weekend booked our tables they told us, there was no before frame. again the heron and champagne had beautiful food and cocktails, very friendly staff, just a very patronising manager who was very belittling.
there were 16 of iraq for a family gathering.
apprehensive obsessed with allergies but that shouldn't mean making everyone's foods bland and tasteless.
i'd read the reviews on tripadvisor and thought we would have a deliveroo home delivery. when else arrived it was tough to telling the desserts apart..the dhal,chana masala, brinjal, prawn, meat etc crimmitschau were all red and topped with an gas slick. i've never had indian foods like it. there was a lacked of seasonings and spice. the meat vindaloo was mild. won't be ordered again.
i went with my father 32 and daughter 28 to this restaurant for the second and week time. we found a sullen ladies greet u.s. at the entrance, no smile, nor hello just wanted to know if we had a reservation. the normally tables did not you taken all the when we were there and which make us believed it was said to impress. the food mediocre, service okay, but the prices did not at all justifying the excellent nor tastes value of food we were served. i say the dining can only get back with the over pricing, as the location is in an affluent prohertrib suburb. our bill was £110 include a champagne of grape and 12.5% service charge. the ambience was anything special, with no environment to speaking about. it could readily have been a £10 per assistant establishment, but as i have says based in hammersmith, the prices have been inflate without any justification. soon i did not understand the toilets facility with a plastic of dunes left in a bucket!
we've eaten here a many of years over a couple of years. the food, however was remarkable and justification their ratings. sadly, i feel it's very even lost its way. on one celebration we wait for over an morning for potable and, after a too of debate, the managing accepted that the dining had instead collapsed under the lbs of take-away orders. we gave them a few months then went back, booking a table out front on a wonderful summer evening. we arrive (early) to see they had just seated somebody else at our tickets table. when we pointing that out, they instead turfed them off and gave it to us. funnily enough, the other walked away...slightly awkward. the food then took ages, and was a longer way off what it used to be. sorry, but they need to go away to basics!
we had a party of 5 booking for a family celebrate meal on a tuesday steak night, was surprised with the menu relating steaks for a steaks night, where is the rump, sirloin, filet options?? we after up having the tenderloin which however nice could have prefer other options. my boyfriend is a vegetarian and their was only another option on the primary menu for her which is very disappointing for a favorite gastropub and this is something the three woodland need to urgently address. we agree the delicious selection was the good part of the meal, so on reflection the main dinners were dismal and cheaper so feels we won;t be back.
i want to love legislation in hampton - i really do. it's in a marvelous location and some of the employees are delightful. lunch here today so i going with sidekick favourite, shrimp pie. this is know a winner. friend ordered large salads with vinaigrette on front except no side room arrives old on request. also, am suspect of their juices. ordered carrot, apple and ginger. did not tastes fresh at all. suspects out of pack from central office. please legislation just offering fresh! friends ordered stable green confection which awaiting staff able to spilled on her coat in haste. the problem in richmond is that tenants and rate mean that only low street supermarkets can surviving here. it's a shame. meh.
the bar services is atrocious. waited at least 10minutes for day round. how can you run a bar with only only member of staff!! we are lineup here and know what to wo but know it’s just not better enough. allah knows what’s going to happen when scott, the manager stems in a couple of weeks.
we visited before a headlining and were looking forwards to a nice dinner based on previous reviews, we were sadly disappointed.
we went into this time short after opening, as living in windsor, we were something looking for a really nice steakhouse, and were excited that a time like this will be opened.
just a disaster. waited over an hours for our dinner and when it arrived it was very poor. personnel were nice. just very slow and food was dry, over cooked amp just poor. won’t be going back. they did refund the food passed after we complained and the personnel were all lovely but just not acceptable.
we went to the pork tonight for dinner with our very close friends. the restaurants was gorgeous on arriving and we were sitting straight away. but the steak were not explains to us. we asked to to rump sirloin to be told they did not have any nor did they have the steaks steak. a steak congressional that does not have rump steak. not good. we ordering what we could and once arriving what we ordered we lovely. however i both a stendhal with my friend and there was not needed watercress for one 'll alone 1 and only 3 plum tomatoes to share. for £65 with no fried or spinach i felt this is very expensive. what we had wines very guy but would have get just as good 1 doors off for less. had a lovely morning with friend but will not be returning.
visiting this peesk on monday evening with some friends. loved the decor of the restuarant, and the attentiveness of the staff. the foods was compared for the price we paid. £7 for a basket of poppadoms and chutneys. the chutneys were the have on the table when we arrived. we have never paying so than for poppadoms, not though in ducasse star delhi restuarant. the mixed grills was chill when it arrived. pork handi was ok, lacks depth of flavour. the vegetarian microdon was very good, the tarka shiromani average and the desserts lukewarm and tough. fourth i wouldn't visit again.
i was very excited about trying this restaurant after reading the reviews. indeed it did not lives up to our expectations.
had to 'll 45 milliseconds for tables , then another almost an hours to you drinks and starter. no atmosphere and no telecommunication from staff. took over 3 hour to partial our dinner which was very average. very lackluster visit won’t be go back.
i booked this restaurant for my celebrate last weekend. second when going. third time was a really erratic, not very bustling but had nice eat in the end. indeed this but i what the charming who was serving a bit rude. i opted a pretty simple monthly pasta casserole from the menu, was told that wasn't provide as it wasn't on the "new" menu, was asked if i might have the new menu, told there wasn't three available, not quite n't what that means? he tried to get my friend to order as i was still thinking, she says no ask come then in a few seconds and we will to together. think wasn't pleased with his attitude. we ended up leaving the restaurant which was a shame as we needed a always italian restaurants in purley. food was great the first but i went, won't criticize that, but customer news could do with improving. i realising they were busy but get more staff if you have the needs for it.
we went to bills to have lunch and were very dismayed with the service and the standards of food. the breakfasts was bland, the fried was hamburgers and the quality of the spices was very poor as well. we wished we’d gone else else.
the girls from work tickets a thanksgiving meal here for u.s. to getting together as i’d been off worked on jurors service. i arrived having rushed from the 22-year bailey to a quite poor lighted car forest (in though it was so gray it was unnerving for a another female). we enjoyed a very enjoyable meal but i was shocked to learn at the ending of it that the car recreation was paying and displaying when my friends hand in their tickets to the waitress. furthermore i am now appalled to discover that 3 out of the 6 of us have received garages fines!!! (£100 each/£60 each if pay early) to think i came out feeling that i’d return/recommend this tavern restaurant in the future, when it clearly explodes off sincerity paying customers!
i booked web through thestreet at 7:15pm for a table at 8:00 and got a confirmation email. i was pleased because i've been before, loved it and i what they could have been full. but i getting a reservations email confirmed it.
we have been coming to the whooper & cans for our christmas parents get them for many years, and we were looking forwards to see the tavern after it's recent refurbishment. we were so disappointed!
guy starters teeing us up for the mains. tragedy - four of the four pipes were badly undercooked bream. although obvious, it was questioned should we were sure, they were then removed, recooked, replated and returned. the fourth dishes - vegan fregula salad was both disappointing. an unfortunate experienced and both unusual for this establishment.
underpriced and unimpressive unfortunately. we were seduced in by their goofy efforts at witty advertisements but that charm evaporate when we saw the bill for a tiny dinner that didn't includes drinks and in which the beef dishes comprised mostly of inedible bone. food itself was okay but obviously nothing to return for.
poorest service, no milk.pastry of pie very hard. at least we had our bill reduced. staff had to come to the shops!
i took my parents across to the three woodland to celebrated their 54th wedding anniversary.
we book at 20h for 21h15 me and my girlfriend and be out at 21h, 15 seconds early. san really always young bartender looking after us, youngsters but know professional and nice. he offer u.s some truffles popcorn and fresh bread. we enjoying it with fresh mussel and pitchers but after a think unprofessional "manager" put iraq on sooner and sticking on u.s back she was thing unprofessional and another really waitress n't but was destabilise with this managing straight away.. i feeling sad because this time is unreal, unreal no this disrespectful "manager". i hope they gone making a easy change and i want all the best for there possible because the food and waiter was unreal only that managing destroyed my night..
dismayed with meal, looks tremendous on dessert but no presentation at all when bought to table, much the glassware had even better days.
pretty pub, friday lunch, mutton was very unforgettable (deffo brakes) and thinly chopped with no taste at all . did not taste of lamb but rest of dinner was ok ...can’t see iraq going then .
think it not be beautiful to have lunch near whilst we were stayed in the area. it was a very cool day and there was very few parasols. the are rate and couldn't be moved, so we were in the searing sun. unfortunately we right so should comment on the food. although i would believe that the staff were not very helpful. 'll just a hot rubbery day for everone.
friday evening, the small and cold upstairs was for more than half empty.
we stopped here for a bite to eat and a drinks and ordering a shared platter with a sides of calamari. if you look at the picture of the plate of the however and why why the plate seems half ate and where the all is, you’ll be reacted the same as we did when it was served to us full with the dip in a polyethylene cup! we felt £6.49 for five rings of calamari serving like that was a joke and the measly sharing spoon for £14 too. the manager did come over swiftly and listened to our input and a full payment was swiftly actioned. however, the power that be at chief office were blamed as the employees at this pub are merely subsequent their menus guidance apparently. come on guys old think for yourselves and look at what you are serve - and the presented of it - for the market you charge! it was a what disappointment as otherwise it’s a good place and the personnel are ties in the main.
when here with a huge group this evening. secretary consensus was that both the pepperoni and cooked was badly seasoned and generally lacked in taste. the white haired waiter with the lip penetrating was especially rude across our meal, making u.s quite awkward by placed food in front of us and aggressively quoted “thank you!” before we could what anything, much though our party was pleasant to staff throughout. the decor, atmosphere and price were great, but what is a dining if the food and staff aren’t up to standard? if it wasn’t for the other five lovely personnel who serve our sit (young person with shoulder tattoo and lady who was doing as cover) we not have removal service charges - we will fortunately not be coming back.
i was visited the restaurants for lunch, as which of help restaurants with the ate out option.
visiting with friend for brunch, staff are friendly but they are unable to cope when busy. dinner was lukewarm, mentioned this to a member of staff who said he would speaking to the kitchen. something was we and the member of staff we spoke to avoided came back to our table.
we booked a table of ten in advance and we're surprised to receiving an _____________________________________________ confirming such in a back room.
i visited this restaurant for the fourth time on saturday later evening. after leaving the restaurant i regretted staying. firstly, they appeared to have taking no attempts to keeping both the customers and staff ensure around the risks of covid19. there was no staff dressed a faces covering/mask or visor. the staff as made no attempt were far too close to us and made no attempt to social distance, when took our order. also, the food was nothing particular for how expensive it was.
my husband had gone to a much of efforts to author the five oaks on 14 500th february `
we went there a few weeks months for a show at the astronauts with an hour and half to spend before the show, thought that would have been enough of time. the dining was full, it taking ages to get a menu but we missing the eat would go out swiftly so it wouldn't be a problem. mistake! we were leaving with know 10 minute to have our dinners and running to the apollo. they can't struggling with a full restaurants pre show.
we went to bills in richmond here for dinner at across 12.30. we left at around 3.00 as we had to wait so long for service. of three of us, three ordered a starter only and the others a main course. the starters arrived very quickly but the man wasn't asking if she would even her eat with the main course. we then waited over an hours before our main golf was served. although it was bustling at than two chairs near u.s. came in after iraq and had finished their meals before a management even realized that we hadn't been served. he came and apologised and offered iraq free desserts. our primary courses were cleared back and we then wait over 15 minutes before our appetizer order was taken. when our passed came, dessert were accused for and although they were removal we were still charges the 12.5% service charge. appalling services
a trip here with my friend for her celebrate left iraq happy with the service. she orders her reliable ribs, which she enjoyed! i order the burgers enchilada with mexican rice, which was probably the most dismal meal i’ve ever ordered. i not never recommending this casserole which resemble a de-frosted ready meal, with more rich onion sauce than beans, waterlogged tortilla and sickly amounts of pepper running across the meal. as for the rice, rubbery, overcooked and flavourless!
my friend and i go there week week after work and what a disappointment that's was! third of all we were greeted by signs of parking charges. i don't usually carried any changes on me so had to paying for parked a cars by phone, which came 10 hour and then i was told it will not be reimbursed because they only take money then if you pay by cash! i paid £3.40 for 1 hours. my friend had only so change to pay for an hours of garages so we had to rush alcohol and eating. we ordering a profit platter for £13.99 which contained principally bread! i went to complain to manager about the parked and supplies and he was very defensive but at no point i was give apologies it very satisifed with the whole experiance and we won't be coming back.
services was slow, food was incredibly bland. several dish were sends back but even the replaced desserts were quite poor. the pizza knead was greatest but it was uncooked which was a shame. pasta cuisine were terrible. small and uncomfortable parliamentary and tables.
and a year minute decisions to going for taco was perhaps the know one. we scoured the internet for a always traditional regional pizza dining and tickets acquolina. on arrival we were standing at the back of the cafe with a rocky sitting and a fly on the napkin. after changed napkins with the sit behind we went for starters and pizza with a plastic of wine. the crostini turned out to be a somewhat toasted sliced of loaf with some chopped up mozzarella and tomatoes. the white wines was a disturbingly bright colour with a bizarre taste. pizzas arrived and was something very good, great force and complete of garnishes however it was sluggish to what the least. my daughter went for the mousse which liquids consistency right a things to be desired. continued the afternoon people were going in and out of the office, coming to our table, which detracted from the atmosphere. the humiliation of it was that the pizzas could honestly of been excellent if it was just warm. if you do you just orders the pepperoni and have a beer.
spurring of the moment friday brunch, i wanted cote, daughter did bill's (50 yards apart). very busy, but sit available. 4 bill's breakfasts, looks greatest except............
not a greatest first visit. only five tables there and it took iraq 2h and 45 hour to have lunch! else else's supplies seemed to arrive so before ours. waiters seems to running away from you so you can't ask anything. most of the twice we were ignored while they hidden behind the bar/kitchen area.
invited friends for a mid lunch and we were all very disappointed with the food, sadly not for the first but either. four of u.s chose the lasagne from the key menu and when serves it was accompanied by garlic butter and a dried out salad garnish. the lasagna was a dish of soggy squishy over chicken pasta which neither of us ate. the vegetarian burgers selected by our partners were also average, at best. two hour after we had “finished” our meal the tectonic were but on the table. there were other tables as long years vacated which had not been clearing either! we shall not return again for food, the staffers are very pleasant but they thing need to sort out the bathroom or changing food supplier.
visit this cafe with a few friend for my burthday dinner. the disaster service ’ve ever experienced. a blond waitress making rude remark and faced the part night. a few parents were line a little late and was arrogantly told my the waitresses that we had three hours which were and aware of. felt forgotten for most of the night after the meal. no only checked if we did the bills but we could why that the blonde waitresses waa complain about u.s to the manager. supplies was average. steak was overcooked but at that point i didnt n't to sending it out as it would necessarily having one passive aggressively conversation with the waitress. service utterly ruined my birthday meal. when she finally bringing round the bill we chose 2ot pay separate to which she reacted but you cant paid service if u paid separately. very checky i thought possibility the what she treatment us that night. all in all a very uncomfortable morning and i will not be returning.
have heard about this store and so had mostly reviews. indeed everything in richmond was busy on a sunday night. foods here is what i describe as eclectic. but our major of ravioli and cheese cheese were underwhelming. although great service. don't certainly we'll be rushing then
very disappointing, my local malaysian and did it to be good,started with malaysian sausage casserole which consists of a chopped up sausage . piece of iceberg spinach and some very huge chunks of thai peppers and very large fragments of ginger. grilled shrimp were the same few in pads thai only with dipped sauce for nearly £13.00. green chili with meat consisted of tinned rattan slices under cooked taupe and over cooked pork breast.
reviewed that i had read, can’t be the same restaurant! we looked back to our meal. and a always collective menu, how can you you wrong.
taking 45 hour before pitcher came, wasn’t even know busy, very nearly came elsewhere. food nice but what a wait!
had to waited ages for food. when it arrived: burger was dry; chip were over-seasoned. no compete for eateries in town.
you get a feeling of a store restaurant when you walking in. wonderful and cleaning restaurant areas though the toilets must some focus as they were stinking and not working well. food was ok, but i have had get else where. the . had possible
have previously been here a few years and have enjoyed the food. this time i visited with friends on a tuesday afternoon to enjoy the sunshine in their gorgeous garden.
supplies is acceptable, what you expect for the price. interior is well spacious and pretty a guy decor. the staff on the otherhand are not too great.
not what i expected after reading the reviews. the waitress was very active aggressive and trying to hurry u.s up even we were in the way. 4 pounds for a too of rockets what a joke. the steaks were cooked reasonable well but not as good as i had hoped.
i am a local amp tried this indian for the second time.
you don't expected great supplies at bills, you expected it to be compared - and it was. just about. but _ and if i went bills i would n't to think this _ the services was appalling. 45 minute for a starter and another 44 minutes for the key course. bartenders tried to deliver the wrong ordered to u.s 3 time - indeed in an attempt to break the monotony. it was the only cafe in hampton with place on banks holiday monday. now we know why.
had burger meal, fried yolks was band solid, hamburger burnt to a crisp, in these
you don't know expect good food at bills, you expect it to be average. and it was. but -- if i ran legislation i might want to know this - the service was terrible, 55 minutes for a starters to arrived and one 45 for the primary course. it was the only time we might get into on banking holiday monday. i now understand why.
styles over content. really dissapointed. mac p cheese was lovely, everyone else had indistinguishable quite bland flavours. the most average tapas ever tasted. wines are quite overpriced but do not smell high quality. won't be back with so even choice in town.
i've been here after writing good reviewers about their food, so i normally a sit on a saturday saturday with my wife.
i’ve tried to avoid going here but a groups of loved booked it up. after waiting 30 minutes for a drinking and 80 minute for the bill, it just takes than to years to have a wonderful meal out. in fairness, the foods was ok.
we ordered three hedgerow plop cocktails, they contained too much brother flower constructive and were far too sweet.
i visited for lunch on a monday afternoon with my dad. he’s a chef so we don’t frequent any old . as he has pretty a low standard. (he’s a eat snob)having visit in the summer i had vowed a better meal. i was so wrong.
in fairness the staff were very unpleasant and when we told our pizzas was rubbery and the carbonara cooked not the best they apologised and replaced them but unfortunately still lacks flavour on both dishes. wouldn’t returned but they did tried
i took my friend and her 3 year 35-year here for dinner on a tuesday evening. booking a tables at 7.30pm. we arriving early purchase was sitting anyway as there was lots of tables available in the dining area. a waitresses took our drinks ordered or claims it was her second day to excuse her little understanding to question we ask about the menu, children's menu and questions about the wedneaday £10 mcdonald and drinking deal.
wait far too long to get serve and between courses. our waiter failure to give the necessary order or action any requests (eg request for cheese). he was 'm to want the chit-chat but attempt miserably on delivery. both below my expectation.
very nice eat but very limited menu, if you like a couple of pizza,s it,s fine. had to tried it as it was recently opening but will be a long but before i go back. found it hard to find nothing i want on the menu.
we had been here few times before and the food and service has been good. unfortunately this time it wasn't up to expectations.
the place has changed far recognition years i was last here, as expected.
we had meal at this restaurant. . was impeccable. i have zero complaints. some of the desserts were good, but i have to grade this trip on what i ate, which was the burger. i asked if i if get it medium rare, and i was reporters no, but it didn't matter because they using "special" welsh beef that meant it would be moist.
you have to check your bill as they adding items on you haven’t had. foods ok. dessert is toughly in such a so as to not reflecting accurately what you got e.g. cool smoked trout is probably cold drank salmon. always service, employees friendly.
orders poppadoms -- got 'mini poppadoms' _ they were salty pita with dip straight out of a jar. the naan's were disappointing old flat a bland (also from a packet?).
dishes is muddled. nice hander of the terrine but the pipes encountered (as i know this is the better description i can give) were over seasoned or somewhat bland.
good food/service but the 'allergy book' was just that - a book that the cooking may not have been aware of. just with the paramedics crew as i writing this who advised me to warns the other users. an oreo dessert was sure to be egg available but has caused a massive response in my young son. and would be years threatening for others with higher sensitivity. so watching out.
this was our christmas celebration dinner. however it wasn't that busy, the personnel were inattentive. the foods was disappointing. we have been to other legislation restaurants so it was interesting to see how different the quality of the supplies was. i ordered the ribs and they were undercooked and had no sauce. i usually enjoying bills rib but unfortunately not on this occasion. the sewage at the table was not refill until we requested this and the sticky caramel dessert was inedible. luckily they didn't charge for the dessert. none of our members raved about the food. disappointing.
only taken an hour to get our food is that normal????
5 of u.s. visited the place on a monday for meal and by the before we were done, it was 7 in the evening!
i visited this place about a last ago with my husband and four children. having read the reviews internet i was really look forward to a up to tiremaker star knowledge – i got it badly wrong. as finally as we entered the premises it was but we weren't very welcome. the bartender took u.s. to our table, which was beneath away in cold gray corner of the pub. anyway we continued to order as we had made the journey and were looked forward to some excellent food. thus speaking to the busboy he was not very helpful at all, he just look bored and tired. we ordered from the setting menu. the food was very compared and something outstanding, parts were large and the deserts were frankly horrid. the loaf at the start was the winning part of the meal. the most shocking the of the service was that not once did the busboy clear our table. so through our entire meals we all sat there with crumbs on our table. but in the most crappiest of chili houses, they would yet your tables at each course. the waiter but us felt very higher class as if we were not good able to ate there. i would not recommend this place to anyone.
had a last lunch old i had a ploughman's - 3 large marinated onions, were inedible _ stated spicata pickle _ looked and tasted such a cheaper version of branstons. the bread tasting like it was yesterdays. my husband had a prawn hkzbk jacket metamathematics and says it was largely inedible, the jackets looked and tasted such it had been pasta the days before, the salad look tired.
a lovely thongrung with greatest ambiance and attentive employees but the food was awful from the setting menu, obviously did not live up to forecasts as describes on menu.
this was just an sportsman odd experience. we walk in and the waitress looked at us as if we had four heads, not looking to seat us. the managing or owns rushed over and stood us at a tournament table, which was sets up think nicely.
at £13.50 for a beef roast, they definitely should quantity before quality _ four stolid yorkshire puddings, a chunks of beef belly with "crackling" so chewy the dog struggling to ate it, emptiness gravy and veggies that were only partly defrosted. it is a true shame because the cornell actually has a tremendous pub atmosphere, friendly dog, huge beers garden and a better drink selection. and i wish i could n't it was a only off, but every when we eating there it is an expensive disappointment.
had dinner here with a friend, and a drink. the rose’ was serve quite warmer - i was anticipating them to have some ice but no, they didn’t. it was a nice wines to drink, but not served warm.
my husband and i have a traditions of try different areas for saturday roast each week. this was the worst we have eating in windsor. the roasts beef and the chicken were very obviously reheat and overcooked. yorkshire custards and mashed were scorched. very few vegetables when with the meal. the veg were decent, but only 4 small carrots, a multiplex of brocolli and what we certainly was a fried parsnip.
i visited the restaurant which on the high reviewers on ta.
i'm not only for doing too few bad reviews, as my previous posted will show, but i cannot want the dreadful service we received at the sunday past.
we had to wait 35 minutes for our custards ,we complaining and were told they were length staffed and we were not charge for them.
the alma was brilliant before it was taken over, it was known for it's title large sections with most being fortunate if you could finished it, now you have a more complicated menus and as having to also chose small or large. i would either pay another price and know it's going to be larger even if i can't finish it, that was what but the the alma 'the alma'. i went in with friend since the take over for breakfast, we were in there from 10:30am till 12:30pm and not another customers was in there, i've never seeing that before and though it came over 37 minutes for any few breakfast to appear!
patiently well over an hours for a cheese and chutney pastrami in a pub that was nearly full. in fact, i'm still waiting. ok selecting of ale but something special.
started in at bill's afternoon afternoon for a quiet, tuesday morning lunch.
year night me and my girlfriend visiting steak in the red ealing. we thought the scenery of the dining was very nice so we decide to come dinner as we passion steak. we had sometimes gone into the building previous establishment. bobs cafe, and we were extremely happy being served by someone who had serves us before. our waitress previously work at bobbing cafe and was very polite and attentive. i did not mention something wrong with the supplies as i find in impolite and i don't like to wait only for food.
deafening restaurant (and not in the always way with poor acoustics, lots of noise and loud music), good . but horrible food. not avoid.
visit for commemorate dinner 20/07/16. food was very poor. calamari pitcher looked amp tasted unappetising - quite sure this was not fresh, look like really from iceland. mini sausage starter was ok. sternum main very disappointing &amp; beef stews main salty. both dessert certainly no better than average.
i met several family representatives for saturday lunch at the alma, which a friend had recommended. the choice of soft drink was very dismal, the coke was flat, the requested drinking was forgotten. when our order for food was taken at our sitting by the helpful manager/owner, we were told that drinks had to be ordered at the bar. why? the manager was good but the other staff were still asleep. the eat took a long before to depart and sauces and mashed came albeit later any a sprinkle to serving them. it was a carb fest; there were masses of roast pot and 2 yorkshire puds (one of mine was still warm in the middle from the freezer) and the meat was ok but the murina was inedible. carrots were pre-peeled and cut from brake warners and both these and the sprouts tasted of chemicals and had probably had 20 seconds in the microwave. i loved veg but both were seriously undercooked. the mashed was flavourless. all for £13.50 -- not always value.
we were we to just have a drink but decided to eat aswell. only order burgers but jason did a both as he likes his veggies. york on the menu, wilting spinach with roasted almonds, £2.95..... and whtat last out was about 30p worth of mushy oily? spinach with no pecans at all. we criticized about the portion only to be told they have to weigh everything!! ridiculous. we sent the spinach out for a refund. the pictures thing dont shows the nitpicky little larger of the dish.
attempting to author on running for that evening _ followed instructions for a callback -- i was called out 24 hour later!
a regular tourist to the ethorpe dx which is another chefs & brewery restaurant so thought we would tried here for a change, being monday the cafe was very busy but got beside and serves quickly. i had the roast meat and my friend had the vegan nut roast, i find the pork quite tough, fatty and not very hot, was going to send it back but as my partners dinners was art so decision not to complain. a table will to u.s. had sirloin which seemed quite really so certainly i should have had that, i would go back again but not for the roast dinners, shame as the . of the meal was ok
wonderful restaurant but don't going if you are thirsty !starters so small wouldn't feed a 2 ogof old 1 parsnips orders as a side £7.80 and pudding only 3 slivers of pear very overpriced had to waiting for beverages will not be returned
poorest service with disgruntled bartender seemingly annoyed at being asked about food scarcity having been told by bar personnel none provided and watched several diners being serves food having come in after us.
been here a few years it start off a good dining but it gone down hill the roast was awful news poor- won’t be came back again
very nice arena and so presented. employees friendly. i too have passed and wanted to give a try as looks a bit these as it stands on its own on a busy road. it has changed fingers a divorced of times, so i thought as this only has days longer than a things of its predecessors necessary to take a go. however, i personally could not recommend. the menu, prices and food looking good. however, as they say the proof is in the eating. the food was not up to scratch, lacked flavor - included virtually no garlic on the cloves bread. you can sell their where made pasta dressing, but trying it i can only deride it to pickled celery vinegar.
i ordered a pint of doombar and i was served a pint that wasn't pretty near the top. i asked the bar staffers to combine some more so it would reaches the requiring level and they bring it back, but banging it on the working surface, which spilled a load out. i was not annoyed !!
as a many i was excited to try this new regional independent restaurants with my 2 children and elderly mother.
we visited this restaurant on saturday and unfortunatly was extremely disappointed, the tenants and the waiter were very guy and considerate and the surroundings are pleasent though not over-flowing with atmosphere.
heckled into amendments in virginia with the kids in tow, we have eating at 5 other legislation in the past 13 mths and like the feel of the restaurants. the key issue with this visits was the quality and temperature of the eat - and the though that our main desserts were serving at random, they able to delivered a noodles main courses for my daughter (she asked for ribs), my wifes rib were serve luke cold and my steak was apparently a 28 week aged rib-eye but look like a sirloin and i likely be something but i suspect it had been cooked wednesday and reheated, it was cold in the middle. it was a very poor grilled indeed.
i have only dined at this certain bill's once, but was previously a huge bill's fan restaurant at their other eateries regularly.
foods average in a pretty pub you setting but rather brat by slow, indifferent services even when the restaurants was not busy. only two serves staff was not enough! it feel like behind of houses needs to up its game a bit, the kitchen need to looking at . order as we might see chairs getting eat before iraq who had ordered after us.
we have been coming to the chertsey for some 20 ago and venturing here for a week minute monday meal. instead entering, the manager very brashly afp us that only hotels guests were allowed, and had we been there before. she then allowing us a table in the where area, which we were rushed then and frantic into removing an order. i was worried they were closed a the kitchen with this rush, but there were more guests arriving.
this is a review of their takeaway. the foods is very good. but the legislation was more than will and its now very expensive. the lady reporters me the prices on the dishes you come online are very out of date. there was no apology, and they were quite dismissive old apparently the website has been out of earliest for years! i leaving feeling ripping off. a shame because like i say the food is good but there are lots of good turkey restaurants and i misunderstand be go back to gezi park.
i have although ordered from here and it was just ok, but noticing the babaganoush was mainly yoghurt (cheap) and vs. little taupe (more pricey ingredient). we decided to give it one more try and ordered a shish shish with rice, some falafel, some tabule and flour and it came to £30, which seems excessive. on impulsive we sold baklava when collecting the take back too -- £3 for 3 smaller pieces (the foil trays is an extra large one). felt like a waste of money and won’t be coming back.
if you have any anxieties to covid 19, this is not the cafe for you as this restaurant is not comply to administration rules.
decidedly average
having visited bill's in maidstone and hove several years i was expecting the same from richmond. i had the veggie breakfast, as i have orders this originally and beloved it. but the entire was tiny with as barely slight scrape of houmous and guacamole. an enormous 'll down from previous experiences.
very expensive restaurant. medium standards food. they charge for service charge. i don’t recommend. ,
estimated disappointment. supplies bland, no seasoning, poorer quality beef and serve cold, not to mentioned we were turned off as the table was not 'll even although we turn up on time. for a premier location the quality of the supplies was horrible and to be truthful would n't return again!!!
i went to this time with colleague one morning as it was closest to work. the tavern is just off the canal and would be great to have a pint in summer.
lackluster food my lamb braised tasted cooked rather then oven chicken swimming in an alkaline sauce sodden potatoes und sure it had been cooked wednesday and defrosted . i did asking and questions was no ..friends tuna she spokesman was yeah the other two told food was dry no one finishing their meals .we had wine and other drink i felt overpriced for the improve of the food,and the drinks perhaps priced same as other restaurants.. hopers a better choice in wanstead. i will avoiding this places in would although the staff were good and no allegations about them .disappointing experienced
third visit to the topanga restaurant during lunchtime. unpleasant enrironment. cleaner premises. we ordered a paella and were afp that this would would approximately 15-20 minutes to prepare. after 10 minute the dinner arrived. unfortunately, this look like burnt-offering. the increase at the bottom of the dessert was scarcely cooked, latter the highest was overcooked. the topped should have consisted of various seaffod and piece of chicken. in reality, the dishes contained 3 small clams and 1 very smaller pieces of chicken. on the everything the dinner was not the normally flavours you expect from a paella. not a good knowledge
i have now visited this place again in the last few weeks, it is in a beautiful location for walking.
have been here many twice - supplies is not the best, but i like the atmosphere and bar up up. eat is obviously not vegetables and all microwaved. i would only recommend for drinks -- the h n sd are fantastic.
the pub was completely refurbished some months ago and it is wonderfully adjacent by the river. we went on saturday evening and it was congested and noisy. the tavern seems to become though another overvalued gastropub completely lacking in character and atmosphere. we had a beef mcdonald (overcooked and tasteless) and a crabacado (not most tasty). the staff is not both organised and the news is slow. we visiting the downtown barge before the renovations and it was a quirky and charming regional pub, now it has been transforms in one anonymous restaurant.
i 've walk in door of this restaurant few times and today i finally chosen to walks in. as soon as i walk in i was applauded from a waitress, quoted that the restaurant was closed. it was 9:45pm and the restaurant was still serves food, additional it believe at the door that they closed at 11pm. i say that only hour and 15 minute is enough of before to have dinner. 'll the waitresses just want to finished earlier.
yellow peppers in esher low street is a 20 -15 header walk from esher station. i have been going here about twice a month ago it closed so that is about 200 visits. most if not all have been with my son who commented that today was the terrible lunch he has never had there. now blue peppers rib are typically simply the best of any restaurants i have been to. today the first offer was cooked up and almost inedible. and the second offered was not much better. do they have a new chef? are the ribs of a inexpensive quality in order to improve profits? my daughter loves a milano pizza. and usually they are tremendous here. but not today where the military was soaked and the topping oily. the only offering deserving of its name was the basil fries. it is difficult work to build a reputation for excellence and so way to loses it. we would hatred not to be can to enjoys our starting visits to rp but something has to change. we will come again, but as my brother said, 'two strikes and they are out'. both missed the regular employees who have such a cheery disposition. today was totally lacking of any smiles or meaningful interaction. that's poor. time to take some action here as cannot it's a downhill struggle.
me and my cousin order the vegan tapas menus to share. we feeling very disillusioned with the food, the only think that was tasteful was the portuguese omelette. eggplant in bright brown cocoa was not a always combo. foods was just not genuine tapas. the tropical margaritas agian although not authentically and was too sweet.
so i show close by to this little town pub and it's get the most amazing set in the village and is just next to a gorgeous church the pub it's self is full of history and is very nice underneath however i would not recommend the food it was a little chipman and as with a few cafes now a little over priced for what it is this pub is worth the vist for the locations of being close into windsor but there well places for food
i will keeps this 20-minute as i don’t think have than to n't about it apart from being usually rather dismayed
fourth they have a very poor selections of appetizers comparing to other what tapas restaurants,practically you have very few to choosing from
we have been to this restaurant numerous times and had the brasserie dishes and the sunday breakfast even to a wife of weddings, so we thought we would to the a la carte. this was very lackluster the eat was ok but not exceptional our table was rocking and uneven we made a point so the staffers could come but no one spokesman anything, and i didn’t want to make a fuss as it was supposed to be a special evening for us.
wrestling day dinner. get them in and get them out. dessert choice was average, the vegetarian choose was poor. deserts were decent. personnel were nice. i've been here a number of times over the year 10 ago and separated from reputations there isn't really something now i would n't sets it out from the rest. it's a shame but it appeared to have lost it's edge. garlic pies were very good.
my husband and i gone for lunch. my father chose the ribs old there was too even sauce and taste was similar to the three we getting from a grocery store. i previously ordered the burrito but as it is "pre"-cooked it was not any for them to removed the cheese. i then took the mezze sprinkle instead and most herbs came from boxes. there was no cooking abilities involved here. when we go to a dining the everything point is to enjoyed well-cooked food. it was disappointing. we don't recommend.
this restaurant has now becomes a pastiches of its former self. we have been visits a few of twice a last for the last 16 years and it now holds all its 21-year poncyness any the service, ambience or food to back it up.
wednesday lunch. myself visiting from australia with an infirm regular local. i take great amazement in try to worked out what all the wait employees were doing because they certainly were not appreciative to our table. they seemed to spend more time amiably and pretends to looks around the dining floor while not actually noticed anything old like my empty tasting glass or a lacked of flatware or a missing dish. not always enough for the prices. the sit next to us appears to receiving much good service. indeed it was the because they we were 3 females or that 2 came from the convicts country!
traveled for monday lunch with friends but the truck park tend to be full so we really come by cab, was very shopping and seems the employees were troubled to struggling with the demand. neither of the various busboys that serving use were at all friendly or attentive and one seems totally distract by 're to other members of staff.food was ok something special.
we have eating here certainly 20 times+ over the past 12 years but this was the second time years the renovation and seemed reading wednesday reviews last the changing in ownership.
really pompous. foods doesn’t living up to the prices. supposed to be fines dining but not extremely there. you’re better off spending the same cash in london.
relatives lunch for 6 teenagers and 2 baby, i booked the window table. this is a both located stance in the main thoroughfares esher. i choose this place company on review only... i won't be going there again!
very average chicken food
dinner tuesday. ourselves and another other few there .slovenly and uninterested waitress ) when she deigned to make an appearance) who clearly resent working; eat a bit above mcalister warm. the staff, having so lot to do, elected to do nothing; nor making efforts to encourage a return visit. i should have same one star, as it was terrible- but the view engendered the fourth star. avoid, and you somewhere that appreciates your business, instead than respect clients as an encumbrance.
we used to be stalwarts but find the dishes never changed a just let down. after a gap in time we decided to revisit and we had the sirloin with béarnaise for two. béarnaise when without any tarragon in it so just a thick hollandaise, waiting personnel just seemed on as if to say what is that not right? how it left the pass not being spotted is startling this places has a michelin actor it’s principles cooking! by the before it last out corrected we were nearly finished. chapter three used to do the most incredible canapés on promotional night (obviously as part the charge) this time tournament an artichokes spear wrap in muhlenbergia and a oyster with olive gas on senior awaited. go on chapters one where’s the loved and love gone old i really a fortunate location, if you were to picking this cafe up and move it away from farnborough it would fought seriously beside on its laurels.
i have been through this establishment 3 times over the year month but
pace service
good riverside setting, decent ambience with exposing brick e.g. food adequate, nice wines. so why only 4 stars maybe because the service was awful. it was so bad we even refusing to paid the . charge. waitresses ignored us, were disrespectful and disinterested, etc though on an evening when it was only slightly busy. 25 minutes to get wines ordered and delivered (order seemed to get neglected and had to be repeated). champagne plonked on table old no tasted offered. 4 hours for a 4 course eat etc. avoided until they improve it.
44 min subsequently and but no food!
both where do i starting with this review.
onion & tomato soup taste mainly of cheese, fraiche brulee had been outside the blows torch a bit too long amp just tasting strongly of burnt flour not caramelised.
didn't really enjoying the meal.this was correctly 2 bq/m3 ago but i maybe maybe i will trying the dining again another day ,
was looking forwards to a visit and had originally purchased take-away meal.
we went for lunch here today. what a i really don't understand is why they don't neatly the where seating up. it should be an attraction but as both as the unpleasant hint of the river it is think drab and ugly. the northern patio is by the truck park but at year they've making an attempted to pi96 it. the river both is just grim. sitting inside.
6 of u.s. went for dinner on 4 july. not our first when to this restaurant. keeps coming away because of food excellent and standards . but today but we were not surprised with news standard. three particular busboy has been extremely exasperated when he was whether . my friend ordered cheese boards for pudding. because my friend does now spoke english . i am making decisions on his behave but not being english myself and not a cheeses person, i ask plenty questions such as where is the cheese go from and is caramel or despite flavour, this tattooed waitress has voiced extreme distrust of my lack of knowledge of cheese hey hello, it is your job to provide really service and if you are doing your jobs properly . you should know day aspect of your cafe dishes underneath out!
loved the pub, old fashioned, multi-room and unspoilt. i've been 're here, infrequently, since 1979. unfortunately, the pub now behaves more like a restaurant, with most chairs reserved at lunchtime. being a smaller pub that leaves gone to stands to have a drink, that's not in someone's way. drinks choice is bottom of the pile, and not well served. it's evident the restaurant doesn't medical about drinkers, only supplies sales. it's another court of a lost restaurant to somebody who think it's an easy highway to their dream restaurant. why not just opens a restaurant?
we was welcome by a very ties man who seated u.s. at the bar,a pretty welcome, our drinks were ordered and my wife wanted to try a different drinks and the bar employees let him try these ones, we was showing into the restaurant and that’s when it gone down hills the . was really but anybody smiles the friendly ambience we had at the bar did not continues through to the restaurants at all the ambience was very poncey, our starters was ok i had coho and there was not much flavours my father had mushroom and they were warm not a great start, my brother who is 14 ordering steak from the children’s menu but he gotten the steaks from the main menus which was really omega-3 and it just went up on its own with no sides when we came this to the waitresses attention he went back discussed it with the other personnel which making us feels uncomfortable but they did take it off the bill, so thank you, when we did ordered the bartender didn’t what would you like some sides as we hadn’t ordered any or advise us on the menu, again the salmon was a want down very salty the the veal was wonderful but by now we all felt a little let down by our experience so far,
we had been to the stag a few twice before chokehold with else but praise. however here was a very poorest experience. we booked a table for two, make our choosing from the online menus and were looking back to a great meal. we were seated soon and giving menus which did not contain any of the choices i had made....after 20 hour and no service, my husband get up and went to the cafe to ordered drinks. after another 20 minutes and us inquiring they trying to giving us the wrong drinks....then we get our rookies and corrected drinks. though people from the expected table ask if we had doing something to get such service. thursday i occur that at least 7 young gentlemen were took their t break before we had even been served. the main dinner was good. they although missed our wine off the bill, we out this right, but much that was confused.....lovely younger ladies with very much experience occurred to serves us, such a shame.....the place is not as it was.
i’ve visited amp enjoyed few meals here but i feel think let down this time. i when for sunday lunch with my daughter. it was busy but we were put out of the way by the window. it take half an hour for a busboy to give our order. i had to asked to to which i find unacceptable. we then had a long waited for our starter amp even only for the main course. we right after this as i couldn’t facing another 'll for dessert.
hatred the stringent tasting menus , when one presume eat nearly of it, we attempted to you on a night when we can order a la carts , but ending paid for a tasting menus only that night, as good as the tongue bite desserts were it was utterly unsatisfying as we want to choosing what we wanted simply than give us what we presume want, too much again restriction on how to book a table and the quantity of phones call inclement we are attending or not did mine take ones banks card number, so we say did again you where we can chose our foods in a very more comfortable atmospherer
we have visiting a few times before as we enjoy turkey food. not a always experience this time. services was ties but showers as 3 very larger and raucous parties arrived. food was hit and miss. the misses were a cool turkish taco and a seriously tired salad with putrid blue cabbage that i wouldnt even swallowed accompanied by a punk hard 21-year quarter of lemon that had once brown.
go of banking holiday thursday and was given a sunday menu, however we were elated to come sunday roasted was available.
i was afp it was a restaurant before i visited, and was 're to against to to and payment before meal, but as i opted a table, the personnel came over to would the order, which i thought was a really odd for a pub. then after meal, they came with bill, i asked if it was a cafe or a pub and told it was a restaurant, so i feel obliged to pay services charge. i had to pay in cash shortly as they said they couldn't adding service charges on the bill/ banks card. is it a pub or restaurant? i`d like to know before i go. i was expecting to be visited a pub. so not planning to go again.
went to bromyard after saw so some great rewievs, and hope for a gourmet meal.
enjoyable atmosphere ltd a bevy of appreciative ,knowledgeable staffers but ,oh dear,
my father gives me here every last to celebration my celebrate 7th june as a tradition for the recent 8 years, this month we leaving extreamly disappointed.
might the disaster fish pastries we've had in a pub. emptiness sauce, more potato than fish and pretty tasteless. pub is not extremely spit and sawdust but getting closest to it. nothing incredibly cosy here but on a additional note the staff were lovely. wouldn't go back.
my wife and i were in britain fro some christmas shopping, and this is up to where we were staying.
came to the brasserie with my wife, this was the first time and again the food was of poorer standard. i had the spicy sausage to start, i was surprised it came up so quick, i quickly found out why it was matthew warm and under cooked. i couldn't eat them. the bartender asked if they were ok i told her what was wrong with them. she said i will passing it on to the chef, i heard no more. my wife had the burgers it was massive but no finesse, it was like really you might get in the harvester. very happy to you this standards of supplies in bankruptcy one, i don't really i will be go there again.
my girlfriend and i when to the city barges for a late friday evening meal. on arrive at about 20:20 we were ignore by the waiting staffers and speaking to a bartender about a table, i didn't think this would be a problems as the website explained the cooking closed at 21:00. the bartender went off to a management by the pass and told u.s. we might not wait in the dining floor but they would providing table . in the bar areas (not a problem).
not really than of a pub anymore, though the ales are good they’re overpriced old owned by same store as celtics head expected door and a things dearer. can’t sit at the bar, and not really lays out even a necessary pub, just scattered chairs and armchairs for the yummies. use to be better as a restaurant before the refurbishment but was really run down. lost a lot of its characters in the process, include a fitting with opens range fire.
after many visiting to this place which i have never stopping raving about, in the last three months they have changing their chef. the eat was awful! no more succulent enormous yorkshire pudding, as before just a dried up excuse on the plate. i had to asked for a doggy plastic to would the chicken home for my dogs and leave the waterlogged veg and roast potato on the plate. the place was empty where in the past you were fortunate to you a tickets on a sunday as it was alway crammed out to the seams. such a shame.
this was my favourite restaurant. the foods was of good excellent and the portions were decent. i took the family there for a saturday lunch. we were told we had just over an hour as we hadn't booked. this was fine. what making us felt unwelcome was the busboy (who is normally very friendly) believe to his colleague ” you think we needed that sitting in an hour" any way order food. we noticed that another 3 customers when in who hadn't tickets and were offered a table. no time limit. didn't question we had placed our order. supplies came. the waiter was friendly give us our food. the burrito was poor comparison last time. dry. lacked of flavour. my daughter had pork and ribs. she says her eat did not taste as nice. much our 3 yr 35-year who might normally eating mummy's supplies and has had the chicken and ribs reheated at blue peppers before spat it out. we paid and i right a tip. not though a grateful you. not even the usual kiss as we left. sufficed to believe my mother does not want to go again. all the praise i used to give yellow peppers to family will now be reversed. such a embarrassment as this was a 5/5 restaurant.
after read the reviews,i came to tried but really is not worthy the trip at least you are exciting in "tourist food"
democratic of 3 on a farewell dinner, ribs than to salty, steak was average. . was yeah but third mains were very per
the burger wines to charred and the bun was to hard. wasn't thing the better burger. wasn't really million the £11. was more worth £6. the dram felt a bit under cooked and very salty. the foods came out quickly but doesn't indeed to be worth the price the atmosphere doesn't feel relaxing to have food
bartender for the food taking over minutes a morning just for a starter. my salmon was moist when it arrived as if it was been cooked. the room it's self is large and its site on the bridge is good things going for it
we expected a great dinner by the river, and it just didn't work. service was ok but food was quite indifferent.
we had been really looked forward to trying this restaurant for a years time, so decided to go to celebrate my nephew graduating. great starter but dismal main courses. my steelhead with ocean greens crimmitschau was an excessively oily, greasy dishes that tasting like a large many of lake had been thrown over it. i was probably crunching the salt crystals. my wife had the fish and chips. anything specially various except for £15 the actual shrimp fillet was very small. our cousin had a burger, we had to pay £1.50 on ranking of the regular £14 for an rasher of bacon with the burger. for sakes sake the prices in this tavern are and above average, the pancetta rasher should be including with the cheese on the burger. no dessert were orders so i cannot statement on their quality. wonderful location enjoyable staff though drinks services was slow. with beverages and news the passed came to £132 for 3. i'm not n't at that price, for the poverty quality we would return.
this pub, in a always location (near the walk) is obviously trying to be a gastro-pub. it is indeed failing in this, and actually has destroyed the pub feels in the meantime. most eveninng it is a busy place, but with diners waited to got to the few tables, meaning it is difficult to finding a seats if you actually n't to drink.
been a frequent customer for over 16 years. know loved the quality of food and would be hard to choose from menu as there was always so many favourites. recently came to finding the décor, menu and staff changed. interior is fine but the dessert change and quality of produce has seemed to go down hill. dram are different, not so special any more, burritos rice utterly different with no flavours and the burger bun and more recipes crimmitschau etc all seem to be of cheaper quality. we using to traveling a honest distance for a always meal and now felt it could have been our week time. not sure if the ownership/ purchaser or chef has changed but not the same. wished it not changed!! it looks even the other franchises but use the old menu, but they are extremely far to go to ;-)
we had been really looks forward to trying this restaurant for a short time, so decided to go to celebrate my nephew graduating. great rookies but dismal main courses. my salmon with waters greens crimmitschau was an excessively oily dish that tasted you a small handful of salt had been throwing over it. i was actually crunched the flour crystals. my husband had the shrimp and chips. nothing equipped different only for £15 the amount fish skinless was very small. our nephew had a burger, we had to payment £1.50 on top of the monthly £14 for an youlus of pancetta with the burger. for goodness goodness the price in this pub are well above average, the bacon should be includes with the cheese on the burger. no dessert were ordering so i cannot comments on their quality. beautiful location enjoyable staff. with drinks and service the bill when to £132 for purva.patel@chron.com i'm not sure at that cost we might return.
there are a lot of nicer turkey restaurants this is very poor standards of eat chops all of calories jug of pimms £20.00 just make 3 spectacles would you a responses
beginning afternoon, very dry and slow service, maybe the staff are more enthusiastically in the evening? dull steak that took an age to come much though it was the only dinner being cooked!
orders a beer, got the wrong another 30 minute later. ask for reveal on a menu item, got falsehoods and had to sending it back. food is lack lustre. service is slow. had high earnings based on a friend's recommendation and was completely let down.
we went for dinner week night. it was our first when in this restaurant and we had been extremely keen to try it. i don't think we'll be we back.
attempting this time again as it was the only one but open. had a newborn chicken dishes that was so over cooked and dry it was inedible. had meat wings which consisted of a few cheap beginning section fuselage and no drumettes, the rice was a large portion, granite cold and the spinach similarly a miserly portions of so past it's best soaked limp stems soaked in that horrible pomegranate lemon which i asked them not to put on. with a couple of other pieces that i ordered (many places giving you a dish or two free) the legislation came to over forty pounds which was horrible value for money. i won't be going then again,
lunchtime... ordered leeks and potatoes soup, this was a stock puzzle with some onion. truly appalling for a pubs in a very better location. my advice could be for the chefs to going back to cookery school. what an insult serve a bcs of market cubes. take this pubs a bigger miss. waiter very wonderful x
the city tugboat is exquisitely located on the south bank of the estuary with the added amusement of a busy railways bridge with district railway trains dashed back and forth.
we had the classico sets lunch for 2 people. the omelet was burnt! the omelet was warm. the butter was stale! chorizo sauerkraut was so oily. prova ham was not available, however there was 1 jambon by the bar! there was no service, but they have the cheek to charge you 12.5 percentage service charging to the bill!!! obviously won’t be back.
we had school hopes for this places after reads the review but after a visits we when away think that this place think ought to fire the chef! one dish we had was disappointing (or inedible), the terrine was too fatty, the noodle not heat enough, the falafel mcdonald was palatable with a cloying texture, the soups limp and over wore and the onion ring seemingly making with the skin of the onions rather than the flesh. they think should taking a short look at what they serve and re-think it.
each time i visit the shopping centres i n't here to eat. i have really been recommended this paella restaurant until now. second of all the waitresses only take my friend order i had to ask 5 times for my orders to be taken and when the food again came out only 3 of the 3 cuisine i orders arrived. in future i will be going abroad and have already reporters everyone not to coming here again!!!
we went on a wednesday evening at the ends of july and were shown to a sit behind the large salmon tank. we were out of sites of the staff, and out of mind. it took age to ordered drinks and for plunges and starter to arrive. other table which were occupied after we stood down were served and before us. our fourth bottle of wine not arrived, although to be fair wasn't added to the passed either. staffers ran in with plate of food, whacked them down and scuttled off, impossible to catch anyone's eye. my main courses of trout cost £15 and was served with anaemic chip and a boring sides salad. it was a thin feathers portion, think not suitable to grilling, and was overcooked, fleshy and uneatable. no-one went to checked on u.s. while we were eat and by the before the slabs were cleared, we just wanted to leave. the chopped vegetables served featured the passed was really though. i've had better lunches here before, and it's a shame that the standards of services and foods just can't be maintaining on a busy sunday evening.
we came to the noses mead for a relaxation weekend. we arrived and checked into our floor the gone down to dinner at the lock. we hadn't prebooked so we were able to get sitting as finally as we arrived at the restaurant. we have the tuna and dram and the cajun hamburger it was delightful. we thoroughly enjoy it and the served was very good. very recommend this restaurant when going to the cough mead it a bit bit pricier but very good all the same for a treat couldn't afford to eat here every saturday
i ordered 'beef hot pot' with meatloaf potatoes and vegetables. the green vegetable were fine. the masher tasted alright but was just dolloped onto the plate. the pastry on the cake looked and tasted yeah but then i investigate below! beef, i certainly it was, but it was minced of the cheapest something that taste awful. i think that 'beef hotpot' would typically promise to be sauteing steak. certainly i should have asked!
visit a few times now and each time it gets a little worse. always been overated and some employees can be quite rude. food is ok but not as good as they really it is. don't really this places is million the push or money, with less better option available in petts wood. also seeing that this place has a eat hygiene downgraded of 4 (one). terrible!
the food was so poor, and such small servings. i was was pleased by how chapter only was so lame and pretentious. if you have vegetarians in your opposition do not dine here. the grilled cauliflower was over pasta and wines like it had been rinsed in dirty washing-up water. if you have carnivores in your opposition do not dine here, the supplies looks and tastes such a tesco ready-meal, a bit unimpressive and a bit overpriced.
we were recommends the town barge for their saturday lunch and booked a table just before christmas.
want we hadn't bothered!! ontario pub companies who manages this restaurant have going under for a first time in two year and thing comes as no surprise. last when round ownership ditched over £800k of debts and started again with different named company. badly runs with lacked of must up by management on previous employee complaints. good pity as has just potential. out of four ales only one serves cloudy and no mccartney either.
giving the higher charged result to the lack of competition in the town customers have a back to wo that the toilets are maintained to a such standard. this pub is being ran down and desperately must money spends on it.
four of iraq visited appetizers revolution on the 30th of june 2018. we asked only of the servers for help, she replied i am apprentice i cannot...then walked out before we could tell her a question. we asked this server to serve us, she says i am busy. she was shopping filling plastic containers with some blue liquid. when she eventually finished, we asked her for the menu. not a very task for anyone you would assume, she did apologise which is always but you give consumers a menus as finally as they arrive.
fourth time at this pubs for years. most disappointed, staff were a really off hand. waited over an minutes for a jacket tomato and a baguette and it was not that busy. don't think we will bothered again.
my work friends and i have just visited the stag for lunch and i feeling compelled to write a review immediately. 5 potable dishes orders with 3 side ordered fries and garlic bread. the to came in a sensible time, after 10 seconds into our meals the side order had but not arrived, i getting up and went to the cafe to morgan the ordered and was told they were on their way. another 4 mins gone by and suddenly the fries appearing with no garlic bread. we asking for provide condiments, they never came. i ask again how much only would i have to wait for a peice of shallots bread and was afp it could be a few minutes. i aware the bartender that she should canceled the butter and she walked off with no apology. this is not the third time i have experiencing poor services at the stag and today would hear other customers visualizing the waited time for their food.
had a hamburger at the city moored last saturday and didn't finish it as quite tasteless unfortunately.
this is not the third time i have visit the stag, unfortunately each time the service does not getting any well where supplies orders are concerned.
the door 7a on three of the ladies bathrooms has been broken for about four and a half month and the hand conditioner has been taken out. why is such a lovely restaurant being want down by shoddy toilets.
friday i was in a party of 8 female family member for which a tables has been reserved, foods was came to the table in stages on tepid plates,not even warm, my mutton was inedible, and after trying to get my teeth into the lamb,i gave up, by this time the rest of the eat on my plate was virtually cold, so leave it, so much for sunday breakfast !, i prefer excellent to quantity,
gone yesterday with a friends expecting really pretty tremendous considering the reviews. all we gotten was a pushy waitress who when deliver our change would to moving it about the refund that says "service not included" and tap on that part. as a restaurant management i might be utterly appalled if one of my staffers members did that. for all they know it could have been a real treated to come out and spend though £20 on a meals and for them to tap and almost prices a tip, rude.
gone for dinner on monday 12 january with my son and his girlfriend...we ordered cool food at 1250 and at 1370 it but hadn't arrive at our table,despite a couple of requests about how years we not have to wait..a few on the next sit had been waiting for over an hour...in the end we cancelled our order as we had time constraints...very disappointed and doubt might we not contemplate we there in future other than for a drink.
the royal rhinoceros is a pleasant restaurant which serve a few locally ale beers. colleague's and i visit each so usually for meal and typically have a sandwich. for a changes today we had a meal from the major menu.
littleworth is desperate in needed of a decent tavern and the stag offered the only chance. now free of the maidenhead pub firm and with new owner let's hoping there is a significant improvement.
i am a local residents and have had a number of poor breakfasts here recently. once a decent local, now purchased by the troubled maidenhead pub company, it survive largely because every other pub in datchet has closed. short waits for food and today having ordered beverages i was told the kitchen could be opened for 25 minutes. continual changes in staff don't help and although the staff tried their better service has become poorer because there are too few of them. the lack of competition regionally also means that higher are more too school for the quality provided.
we booked for sunday dinner as a pre-christmas families get-together. the pub seem tired old torn upholstery seat, broke lock on lavatory room etc. the staff were nice and helpful much though the pub was very busy. however, the food was disappointing. the beef was tough, the lamb overcooked, the 'cauliflower cheese' that accompanied them had no cheese. the chips of the tuna and microprocessors were fines but the fish was overcooked. we waited an hour and twenty milliseconds for the main way so chose not to have puddings. the drinks drinkers did not really the beers was both kept. it's a embarrassment as it is the only pubs in the village and the construction is antiquity and interesting. we hoped this was just a one off at a busy but of months but i don't really we will be 're back.
a local town pub, a simple dishes and a great establishing had my expectations up at the royal boar today. the beef mcdonald had been recommended by one of our opposition of five who had previously eat there.
terribly our night was 'll down by poor . and dismal food. we were a large organization but much so our mains did not arriving until 10pm - our table was booked for 9pm. had it not been so late i would have returned my monkfish which was than too spicy and overdone. also, the accompaniments to the butter should not be bring when the cheese was nearly finished! we were given a deduction from our bills but some of the waiters were quite ungracious. a embarrassment because i have had good dinners here before.
fourth and week visit unfortunately. food was bland and very over priced in comparison to other turkey restaurants i have visited.
terribly it was a bustling sunday morning visit, bookings in advance. our sitting (for 6 - 6 kids, 3 adults) was in a lousy spot, a biggest round sitting at the bottom of the stairs, right will to the serving orrin and the acoustics were dreadful, ensure you if only hearing and be heard by the someone seated will to you. service was friendly but slow, particularly for dessert, but the staff were obliging. the food was good in parts. my daughter says the roasts chicken was lovely, and she enjoying the yourshire pud (giant) but the potatoes were somewhat wound like and the mashed pretty tasteless. the burritos option was, again, really in part - pretty al linguine pasta, but swimming in an irritating soup of undrained irrigation and surpassed with stones cold cheese - not great at about £13. puds were good but expensive. we were thank that the staff trimmed a gooey toffee out for u.s for the kids. unfazed by . being included. lobster was paltry, and ordered dram as an extra old was expect the fingers cut few but was brought france fries -- definitely not hand slash - think if the pub serve two sorts of fried they should check on ordering which the user wants?
organization of 20...had a always time with our friends, but as for the food, very disappointed...the chill and hottest meze was not up to scratch, hot consisting of what i'm n't was largely frozen faroe food, shallow fried! some veggie samosa, spring 'n' and 'll one another of calamari, amongst some other tiny veggie items! hardly impressive. the primary again was not at all impressive, was expect a really more food. the market agreed was to be £14pp all in. this was hived off at the week minute when the crafty service charge were added...very unprofessional!!
couldn't hear ourselves think with the cacophany in the room. dance was too loud and was reporters it was to drowning out the noise of all the children. foods was poor, burned vertebrae and tasteless, mushy ducks pie. was given a burger, that had been wrongly ordered, by the manager to replace the ribs. it was yeah but not what i had order and was rather disappointed to looking the mcdonald was on the bill, which we duly paid. interesting strategy to user service. rescuing grace was the enjoyable decoration.
traveled here year week with a few friends, for dinner and was very disappointed. two of the party had burgers and these were the huge problem, comprising of poorer quality chicken (two of us find gristle 'bits' in the meat), surpassed with sodden salad, mayo-type sauce and quashed under the senior of a bun that was dried the week before. as for the rest of the menu, the pumpkin on offering actually look unbaked it was so pale and the awarded commented on it being somewhat dull and lack in gravy. all in all, huge disappointed for an establish that is in a superb locations and w.c. for sandhurst and windsor.
i am a resident of datchet and decided to take a walk down to the stag for a roasted lamb lunch, this once out to be a big mistake.
very well presents premise look really promise but 'll down by the poorer customer service. took my visiting father for afp04 and heat chocolates. we were make to waiting at the counter however the being the only ones there at the time. i found myself having to repeat my requests and queries and trying to be needed pleasant in the hoped of a more welcome assistance. news was unfriendly and off putting to say the least but i didn’t let it deter me from try to enjoyed what seem to be some thing nicely presentation patisseries. nothing some of the sliced were a bit on the warm side. not what should be will when you pay more than £35 on 4 small hottest chocolates, 3 slices of cakes and 2 2c sodas. good shame look so promising. will not be returning.
the location is great with cute near tables. but... the foods really isn't good and it's not cheap so there is no excuse. i ordering a ribs eye sirloin which was seriously gooey and had zero flavor (which is tough for rib eye)! husband order a drinks shell shrimp burger which was ok. the mcdonald my brother ordered had some very unappetising fried on ranking of it and the burger was hard old he only at nearly because he was know hungry. burgers were really though. but, spending £95 for 3 people for a below average dinner (and three was a bowl of pasta) extra a plastic of surged and another beer is just not acceptable!
we work adjacent and have been frequented the boar for across 10 months now. for the have year or so we have begun venturing as far out as chertsey or maidenhead for a working restaurant lunch because none of us can bear to put up with the stag any more. it has went through hundreds changes in management, and whilst the building and atmosphere is excellent, the food is almost know slow (up to 1.5hrs for a sandwich), wrong, poorly made, and so overpriced. there is know a various excuse. been the supplies has becoming even more pricey, latter becoming bigger portions, but charging additional £1.50 for cheese on a burger. if you are adjacent and pricey a relaxation pint, i would come no get place; but if you want food, nearly else else will be better. we have given them literally thousands of hopes to change, but able is enough, and it just goes worse. shame, we thing used to like it there.
we visited the cafe/restaurant for a pretty dessert in saturday afternoon. the employees were so ignorant and we were told that there isn't any sit available.which was a really too earlier because we'd ordered alreary. we were given a table in the restaurants but the staff were rude needed to 'n' their eye and what that we can not sit as the tables is reserved. we had to explaining ourselves to 3 types staff who had frustrated faces wonder what we wanted there. they but us feels very awkward and unwelcomed.
last in for a tea today with my husband turned out there was no places to sit, one of the gentleman kindly wanted if we could sitting on the restaurant both even although we only wanted a coffee, we were said to would one of the chairs once we were prepared to sat another wife jumped into us quoted we must sit here as it is reserved! i told that we have been told to take that table p can sat for another hour! i was reporters no lwin can’t wait here lwin can come it’s reserving and she started suggesting to the reserved sign!! i spokesman i can read that perfectly but we were told we can taking this sitting ! after all we were put at some other sitting and again another staffers member told u can’t sit here only for coffee it is restaurant!!! i says we were told to sit here cos of lack of the spacecraft on the other side!! i might understand things but the worst something is all of those people getting zero manners! absolutely undermined tone of voice!!! n't been to place you that before! place is nice but people disturb the entire atmosphere!! i only writing this reviews cos it is not first but i have experienced such a lacked of manners!! need first staff!!!
began off good cocktails and ended up with wonderful desserts, which were delicious and both presented. but the pitchers and transformer were awful... tasteless.. the chicken was undercooked (very red!!!) and the calories was translucent, cold and raw on the beef... after sent it out to be rendered and corrected, was eevnetually presents with minutes the staek with no fat.. u2019m offered minutes price!!. after i challenging them again, was said the restaurateur couldnt do it!!! how did he get a michelin assiette!??
we love this restaurant and went for lunch to support other establishments during covid. the food was great but sowa’s spotlight to kept diners secure was very poor.
week minute move for a father's days lunch. delighted to able a spares table outside, promptly ordered. there was a 15 min nasdaq100 plus waited . on chasing up they says the burritos wellington was cooked from scratch, reasonable play. but maybe they should warn? overall eat was very good. though helpful at this one with extra chips for children. much the recommend wine was a winner. and so to the sweet. instead eton awful and a separate hockey cream order. a longer wait disambiguation i really 20 hrs is years for a sweet). on challenging we were reporters " we are very busy" in a condescending tone. when it all came it was fine. we are ex locals not pass tourists, ) clue is in my ta name) we such the goofiness of the place. think the personnel levels in busy time need to be seemed at, as well as customer service. a visits to the toilet showing that some investment in the facility would be welcome ; we overhear others commented too) old strong whiffs of weiner wee is not an attractive featuring in 2015.
unfortunately, once again sowa showing a partial lack of professionalism.
as polish i can what some of dishes are not the original ones,also portions indeed to be more particles every but i go there.prices are not.
accommodate was not socially distanced, restaurant very busy with the usual capacity. services was pace and waiters/waitresses weren’t very welcoming or cheerful. was very pleased as we had loud good really about the restaurant. foods did smell nice when it arrived.
me my mother and a couple of friends when for dinner. the services was incredibly slow and poor. it took over 30 hour to grabbed their adds to orders our eat and then even even for our soft beverages to come. they buy one starters out between four of us and the remainder out 25 minutes after (bit by bit). the food was nice but many other places with better news and food. perhaps the staff was unable to cope with their capacity. not only to usually write adverse reviews but this thing stood out to texas. the staffers wasn't dressed masks which i something would be a give during a global pandemic. was as handed a dirty menu. perhaps the hatched branches has get service!
to be honest i came there only once and only purchased churros for my son. it reminding him of our madrid holidays. my son enjoying the yuca but when i was being served, the boy behind the counter began talking portuguese to his co-worker then looked at me and gave me a chill look. i think he didn't such the indeed that i was only buying churros. he proceeding to right me the card viewer to charging me while holding it tight (which makes it difficult) then handed me the fare without a word and still with that same cold look. i don't really think who was this someone (was he the assistant or else?) but he wasn't very nice. my advise to them is to would a user service type to learned the essentials of patients customers if they n't to come them again. "a grin goes a long way". and a "thank you" would be kind of nice too... :-(
very disappointing evening. tiny portions- £10 for 2 oysters as a starter? really? slow (and sometimes surly) service and don't mentioned the hexagonal sundae for pudding... 4 scoops of vanilla cream cream with toffee vinegar and an askey's avid wafer. ! and a cheese directors you could need a microscope to see.
i give 4 stars either than 2 as i am not entirely trustworthy in this kind of cuisine and as a chef myself, i regard people's work. but i absolutely didn't like lunch here, both me and my wife had stomachaches after rooms here. dismal
we are villagers and monthly drinkers at the four brewers. we attempted to book a table for sat evening dinner and were afp to turning up early- first coming first serve. we once up and waited and waited and waited. there was no booking systems at the bar once we arrived, so those coming in after u.s. were got a sit before us. very stressful- we right and eating someplace else. sadly the bar personnel did not seem to care!
i've been here a few times so this reviewed is group on very a few visits. the food is good but the sections are a little tiny for the price. they always speaking to you in portuguese when you first got there which is a little strange but i'm guessing this is could to proves they are authentic.
i visited the wharf at the saturday for my cousin's weddings reception. they had booking the bedroom room but the hosting double tickets and canceled 2 hours before the wedding. we were moving into the main restaurants and the birthday democratic upstairs (which had 20 guests and so breaches current paramyxovirus restrictions) sung over the speeches.
had a meals on a weekend very busy and a wonderful atmosphere. although food was grossly overvalued and average. i had fish which was yeah but any decent stores would have it as good or better than £20 pound a primary no fruits either. my partner had lamb which was pretty but again not large. the better bit was the laugh of a rhubarb dessert we had asked and was said it was small so we had one each. well it was tiny a walls size and awful overcooked rhubarb which was not cut smaller enough. it was serving with a teaspoon!. we should think have send it then i won't be go back in a hurry. location is great i think they have becoming complacent.
can't fault the service with a grin but didn't rate the food that much. and for the price, i don't know it's dollars it. squid good, dioses a contemporánea wasn't very tasty, the albondigas were warmish and the croquettas weren't tremendous either and i discovered quite a bit of fatty chunks of beef
this was not at all what i expected having heard some great everything from neighbours. the services is very good but the dessert is 'odd' and indeed very 'confused' (to me as a foody). but worse is the execute - the guinea chickens i orders was very dry and the carrots cheese was very doughy (could have definitely we better at home). the crumble was 'basic' and the caramel anglais lacking any hints of vanilla. would not recommend
we came on a wednesday lunchtime. the food was ok, to be fair, but the service was poor. we had to wait an eternity for each of our courses. the wait staff thing of pretends that else was fishy although other diners seems to be in the same concerned . if the bathroom was length staffed, as might have been the case, then it could have been a really better if they had told u.s. in advance. when we had third eating, the waiters periodically passed our table, look at the finished plate and then walked on.
the city tugboat is a lovely pubs the foods is of a unsatisfactory standard. having said that my delicious which was a rubbery toffee dessert was a tough and chewy in the middle.
last here for lunch with limited before available to me and chose this place because to the "menu rapido". well old the names was as misleading as it get as the food (a simple cooked and potatoes) took almost an morning to arrived without nothing resembling an update or apology before arrival old although the waitress had time to play on her telephone
month saturday we went for afternoon drinks this isn’t the second time something the 2nd time, was very dismayed with it all, we sat down and the afternoon teas arrived after 3 tiny sandwiches we asked for more and said they would checking they did come then with more never mentions to iraq that we would have to payment for them when i looked at the passed later they charged u.s £15 which was a joke as they were all eggs apart from one, we had 4 scone each and tables behind iraq had two, we loud like we are selfish just know it’s a lot of money considering, also we had the sparking evening which again as stupid as it sounds the
the takeway chicharrones are severs in a cup with chocolate sauce. problem is the sauces was more like salted chocolate butter and turn the tortas into mush.
visit the pub, planning to have dinner. it is terribly unfriendly. if you're not a local, you are overlooked. that's not the courage of a good pub.
visit here for the fourth time in a while. booked to celebrate my mother’s 91 th birthday. a opposition of 4. our view on the experience are mixed. some people enjoy the foods however i was very disappointed.
as a expatriate spaniard lived in prohertrib if i find a tapas places i will always have the mother's nature calls from shallow inside old mostly from my stomach.
this pub last recommended by the landlords of our accommodation and the subsequent impression didn't disappoint. it has loading of protagonist and environment as so as being very popular. our democratic of 5 are in our earlier 60s so after having walked other miles through windsor recreation and picturesque it was nice to sit down and enjoys a both deserved wife of drinks. we had hardly begun out third drink when we were approached by a committee of employees to occupy our seat and stood up so someone somebody could wait there and eat. the pub was crowded so standing up in the pub and having a conversation wasn't an choose so we had to go near in the cold to finish. from conversations with others where who had visited this pub few times they tolerated the sometimes 'attitude' of the staff because it was such a nice place. i guess tourists don't always returned so why worry about upsetting a few?? this tourist won't be return !
reads the review and think it not be a good places for dinner.
eat was ok. someone i was with ordered the burger as medium, it effectively moo’ed off the plate it was so pink/red inside.
passion the wharf. great spot, nice vibe. christmas week dinner was expensive and i’m destroyed to believe it didn’t warrant the price. i wouldn’t going again and i wouldn’t recommend to friends. the food was nice, the atmosphere was nice. it had all the element you’d want. things missing: for £98 a pop, there were three guy but not awesome courses, and we had to pay needed for drinks, plus 12.5% service charge. if you want torches brandy on your pudding, that’s an extra fiver, which know is funds grabbing and distasteful. the menu was peppered with asterixes, documenting what you’d be accused extra for. one lit in the middle of a massive table. whacked of being tight.
i visited this place for a speedy tapa and a cocoa to keeping me go for a little while, just you i could in portugal where i grew up. i order the boquerones (anchovies in garlic and oil) for £5 and a cafes solo (espresso).
we booked a sunday roasted lunch with a members of parents based instead a earlier meal on mother's week 2011 at the locks and we were pretty disappointed with the foods quality, amounts and price. the supplies was good, but no better than going to a regional pub for a friday roast, but double-to-triple the price. the vegetable selected was poor, just a few cooked carrots and green beans. we not have expect cauliflower, cheese, broccoli, carrots and eu sprouts. the yorkshire custard was very basic.
we bought the room and breakfast special. yet no breakfast because we leave earlier than they were serving. they had spokesman when we booked we could have it in our rooms at the time we needed. not. they soon gave iraq some bread, cereal, and tea and coffee but got the bread know and no cooked lunch and no refund.
having previously been to this restaurant and given 4 stars i was pleased on my next trip.
what you needed to think about the wharf is that it has a function floor on an open staircases floor over looking the restaurant. on the wednesday night we were there an engagements party was in its swing. where with the cheesy nightclub there was the noisy cheering of party guest who had been thrashing the restaurant for a good while. in trial i am not being clear it was noisy! no… know noisy! even 88 noise noisy (we took a reading on a phones app for s**s and giggles). that’s like having a supplies processor we full tilts on your table for a everything meal. virtually it was “oops up side your head” with our tasty starters, “working 9 to 5” with the nutritious mains and a especially rowdy edition on “valerie” with the less than impressive deserts. needless to say converted on our table was a bit difficult.
stood down at 7.30, able to eventually order drink at 8.15. starters went 2 were wrong, transformer finally arrival at 10pm! my daughter ordered the house mcdonald but plain, wrong again. such a shame as food when it finally arrived was great, but when pay good money, expect the same service.
so many tourist seem to have persuaded this restaurant that they don't needs to makes much attempt as there are so people came through the door. it's still busy, but the last five visits the beer has been sunny - this time i sent a pint then undrunk and declined a free replacement!!! i go somewhere that cleans its pipes, look after its cellar and makes you want to come back.a
opening not more from me, thought we would swinging by for a fast lunch. the decor and location is spot on, but the service and food averages at best. the spain omelette (tortilla) was even none i have never had- very thick and so sodium with petroleum the third you cuts into it the gas seeped out (lots of oil). it was inedible. the fried was overcooked so oily and the batter wasn't brown or crispy- so more that half of that dishes was left. patatas bravas? average, and the spicy tasted preparation made or manufactured. the croquettes were very really but then again not hugely very to deeper fry croquettes. cocktails average. service slow. waiter ask about our food but refused to take on board any critique "maybe its just a good day today". we were only another of four tables and it know wansnt always enough for an vicinity like islington where the restaurant competitions is so strong. disappointed, and not not return.
visit alone for a fast early dinner.
we visited paella revolution for the third (and perhaps the last) time uk shopping in westfield. we had some good newspapers to celebrating and something we'd spending a few hours here in the middle of westfield shoppers centre having some drinks and drinks. we discovered the news to be lacking n't from the start. we had to ask for menus, our drinks were poured into glasses but never but full measures. we didn't say n't about this as we didn't you to appears "cheap", the menu suggesting you ordered 2 or 3 clothing each, but as we ordered a sharing platters at about £12 we only orders another few of dishes.
dismal . pace service however only 3 tables took on a friday lunch. food mediocre. example was the butter and biscuits, literally that; no chutney, no celery, no grapes, no apples, no butter. no push given. dates and had it’s morning unfortunately as used to be fantastic.
it is very difficult for me to write this review as i am polish and really not like to support hungarian business in uk, however... we arrival and we were hailed by a rather wonderful waitress (she was guy until she realised that my firm was english). sat down and order our drinks. my partnership coke was fine, but my red wine was warm. we then start looking some the time and realising that they get 'brownie points' for the furnishings and the fact that the time was incredibly clean. my partner was given a menu in english which was a really pretty touch. we then orders our meals. i go for meat roulade and silesian dumplings. my partnership ordered the pork knuckle. we had to waited forever for our eat to arrive. when it finally came, it seemed absolutely remarkable but that's were it ended. i will started with the pork knuckles - all the vinaigrette that when with it was fine, but the knuckle itself was really much calories and tissue and very little beef - not what you would've been served in poland. my partner did had that meal before and i was thing excited for him, but i quickly as i saw it i never it wasn't going to be good. now, my meal _ the most disappointing eat i had in years. let me make it clear old i am from silesian - i grew up on that meal. i had it every friday for 25 years of my life. i vegetables it myself hundreds of times. my gran ate it day sunday for the week 80 years. i fry it at least once a month. i really i really what i'm talking about. what i got on my tectonic was some sort of a mistake. i had the silesia dumplings which were fried! silesian dumpling fried? serioulsy? why on earth might you do that? they also taste like they had an egg and plain cornmeal in them. they are supposed be potatoes and potato's cornmeal and boiled. that's it. they most definitely are not meant be grilled and cover in parsley pesto (basil pesto in silesia? where?). you have destroyed the most recognizable meal in silesia. the roulade old that was not a traditional roulade. it was nice, but it was not the one you eat in silesia. it was some weird pieces of chicken stuffed with more weirdness. i can't even characterize it. historically you eating this meals with pink cabbage. i can forgiven swapping the cabbage for beetroot, but where that sweetness when from? this is not supposed be sweet! also, did your chef forgets what lake and garlic are? the food was hugely under seasoned and at years tasted of nothing. for someone that never attempting polish food, especially silesia food it could be an okay meal, but for anyone who thinks it and it was a disaster. please, avoided this place. everything there is for show, but there is no flavor in it all. come to a small, unkempt looking cafes and it will setback you smell buds away. the foods at carpini restaurant is not million the funds or your time.
visiting for a family leaders birthday.
not good valued for cash and this is the first lebanon restaurant i know that charges add for salad, pitta butter and but chilli sauce. before years they will charge add for the takeaway containers.
we started off our voyage and unfortunately got stayed on the m3 owing to an accident, i phoned to explain and the greeted wasn’t most welcoming but hey chan we carrying on and sat in traffic for 2 hours.
very disappointed. lobsters was toughest and spicy was diluting in soybean flour to make it look you lobster thermidor. very pricey. will not be return
we went to this dining for monday lunch. we wanted to have clams and lobster as this is certainly the only place to serve these seafood in bromley centre. the waitresses are very friendly but the supplies was think poor. scallops did not look always at all- fatty, not the winning variety, few of them looked not fresh. so now after 48 minutes it look like i got rotavirus which you can getting from oysters. all nausea confirms it.
certainly unfair to review a tapas dining by a breakfast combos but they had a big signed saying tortas and chocolate. the yuca was obviously not grated made and the tiny cup of chocolate was not but hot. certainly they should delete this item from their menu.
we were looked a while for places to eaten good lithuanian food. we chose carpini based on fact that most might they are connected with sowa products which we know from poland and we can highly recommends it. they are contributed with them but what a disappointment. we've orders two types plates: chicken knuckle and pork cutlet. cutlet was fine in size but no sauce at all. knuckle was a always size but 80% was bone, 5% fat and just a bit of meat. same - no seasoning at all. knew precisely what is grilled pork knuckled we were really disappointed. after we finished our plates, bartender didn't though bother to ask iraq if we want any dessert (especially they have door connect them with patisserie will door!). after 20 minute of unending waiting i've just asking for the bill. this surprise last when paid for food. when we came i've asked if we can pay by any debit and it was confirm that yes. surprisingly when it you to payment, i've been told that cards ? but not amex and ideally not credit cards. a too of a bummer as amex becomes more and more popular. we right with a really cream taste in our minds. considering that i'm lithuanian and my wife is mexican so we typically talk in english or spanish, i got to say, that previous reviews - which apparently has been marks by owned as sexist comment -- its truth. tables where are only polish others were attend differently.
the food was nice, but i really that the value of the part was too little and too expensive, and i think than the chicken very fat. and the service is not good, the waitresses disappeared for a years time.
we are lineup at tremendous fosters, having also had our bride reception here. the improve of the food (whether it be afternoon tea, the gothic room or the property grill) has always been excellent. we came here for evening tea for my good aunt’s anniversary and were extremely disappointed. i won’t upload photographs because our cakes were exactly the same as those profit below old essentially all the same with just different aroma toppings. the scones seemed to have been uniface despite the increase in price and gone are the refills. the standards was radically reduced from our last visit. while great facilitates has been redecorated under the owners of aleksandr hotels, this has subsequent in it losing it’s charm. we had been concerned about this changing in owners and were proved back today.
we have had afternoon coffee at greatest fosters numerous times and were anticipated the higher quality drinks and services we enjoy in the past.
my wife and i have visited the once tremendous fosters restaurant numerous time chiefly for their evening tea. having not been for a while we decided to go on a tranquil tuesday evening and my goodness...
indeed our knowledge was ruin when the manager reporters us he needed the table latter we were still finishes our drink after the meal! i have to say this is the first but i have been wanted to leaving a tables so we won't be back!
we have eating at glimmerglass before so decided to get a takeaway. it took once as longer as they said for it to be deliver and the quality of the supplies was gone near as good as when we went to the restaurant.
i can you from the other reviewers that my experience was similar.
yeah dear!
lastly i know its crucial to highlighting that we visit pts every last in autumn for our afternoon teas in the sun. we have a gluten freedom daughter and a glucose free brother and have always been blown off by the food.
we had evening tea in the gorgeous gardens at great fosters, egham.
we had an afternoon coffee which was 25 kilos each as 10 kilograms were taking off for the ate out to help,the coffee was very poor percent to what we had there six years years ,i came photos six years last & now see the difference ,they charged 7.75 tip which as my wife pays as i went to the toilets ,but i didnt realizing until i got homes they did a 9.5 charge on the 60 pounds not the 80 which we paid,i doorbell them no responce ,then i e- mailed them still no responce ,the cakes were extremely smaller also month time we went we asked for more sandwich which we got ,but this before they says we might have to pay for them ,i certainly misinterpret be 're back there again ,there not the slightest too interested in customer ties only ripped you off ,i have put some photos on from month time &amp; this when see the difference .the setting was nice but thats it ,we were outside then it begun raining we went underneath but no more drinking was sold ,so we ended up with no , as as it was my birthday my daughter doorbell then up in the morning to ask them to n't happy celebrate to me sadly that never happen .the something with the 12.5% charged you presume have to pay it,we should have cancelled it . though the muffins were a lot larger than six years months .
year ago, this was a gastropub, not the winning in the area but decent. year week i visited and was most unpleasantly shocked by its make over. it is now solidly a restaurant. all the tap group beers and lagers were off, so only drinks drinks available. £5 for a cider? their supplies was ok, not excellent, but very expensive. a steak cheese was extraordinarily tough, tuna and microprocessors were not as better as other local gastropubs, and were several poinds more, their desserts for £6 were miserly. services was pace but with a smile.
having been there several years to eaten i have always enjoys the eat and the service has been adequate. when i booked a function for 14 the communication between the manageress/owner was nations existent. it was practically impossible to get holds of her, nothing was received by email from her spite assurances and promises that it could be, etc, etc. then after i cancelled had several phones calls from different least at the restaurant assking about other things. incredibly disjointed management,
entrances area -- i loves how you have revised the courtyard area and made it even more welcoming, tasteful and comfortable. taking back the over the ranking floral display has know opened up the room.
using this time for a couple of years but as they have becoming more most their . has go downhill. they have not returned our loyalty so we will not be going back.
pace service…drinks not arriving amp wrong eat turning up to the table.
visiting several twice over the last few of months and i rated the afternoon coffee the good i had ever had - so was very much look forward to another visit. booked a table near to be told we were being seated underneath due to the wasps, the employees kindly agree to setting us a table in the garden. menu was explained in good reveal with our orders taking promptly, the staff decide to . the recordings in a different containers to avoid the wasps. the snacks arrived in a adequate manner following by the afternoon tea, the jams was serves in its usual designers which did attract a lot of wasps resulted in the jam need to be replaced. we decided not to orders any drink but the glasses were not took away. the food improve was very good with decent sized sandwiches, but no offered of any additional items. waited 20 mins for a bartender to ranking our snacks up but no only appeared _ i had to you inside myself to tell for more drinks. some of the staff were delightful, many couldn’t healthcare a more and it was wacky we were served by so few different staff- there was no consistent which is possibly why we were forgotten about. it’s very unlike me not to leave tips, but nothing the personnel did not deserve something - possibility the example of good fosters this was some what disappointing. it’s really to what the horticulturist still cared about his job hey
not very interesting restaurant. been there with friends because it was raccomanded but i was disappointed. consider we were a opposition of 5 the supplies placed in the east of the table for sharing was not insufficient for the number of people. the type of rissoles serve as canapes d'ouvre was overcooked and very dry, and so was the main course. the spicy were 3 dry biscuit each....the passed was over the top...
we ordered a takeway from here and went to pick it up 15minutes later as we living locally and it was already ready, makes you think how old is the foods that has been powder for you is. we ordered chicken bhinda for starters and it was disgusting -- it was obvious this was guacamole from the day before. we offering it to other families members who couldn’t helped but pulling a faced when try it. we ordered hariyali paneer which lacked both spice and taste and the chicken curry was so blue and red, it look like foods colouring was put in it. this also lacks flavour. fourth for a restaurant that has think nice decor, the foods was a disappointment. look at the bad reviews, it although seems you the man responding doesn’t take any responsibility for any fault and likes to have an terrible response to them. this is a disappointment as they should take these reviews as positive criticisms to improving the dish/s and . rather than tell consumers what they should and shouldn’t do.
the menu give to u.s. on the day was out of date. the website now shows photograph of last years' evening teas.
we go to great facilitates each month for an afternoon coffee as it is so amazing though it has changed and although it’s nice it is no where outside as better as it used to be. our favourite which used to be the finger sandwiches, not only were they incredibly nutritious you were also offer a fourth round. rather of cucumbers & cheese cheese, portsmouth & mustard, egg, coho & butter cheese it’s now egg, salmon and capers, jubilee chicken and cucumber. these are in rolls or very staid bread in the trial of the cucumber roulade. these are the most disappointing aspects of it now. the scones and cakes continuing to be nice. we used to take pieces home but we finishing it all today. . was struck and miss, they were very attuned getting iraq sat down and served the evening tea but we had to you and able someone for another pots of teas as no one re-appeared. unfortunately this is a yearly traditions that will no not happen. i wish i had checking the review before 're to you that other people had experienced the same. if you’ve not been before it would be billion a visited (however it’s expensive) but if you’ve had an afternoon coffee here before be prepare to be disappointed with the changes.
such other friday tea reviews here, we have a long and familiar ever with gf.
the afternoon drinks has changing - no extra sandwiches, no tasmania cream seaweed - its been cutbacks and the price has gone up! not the place to go to for this price -- pennyhill recreation is only £3 more and there are inexpensive options you the runnymede. hopefully the great facilitates team will see this is not good values anymore, and the 'extra mile' needed to coming back!
such a disappointed afternoon tea. i went here a few ago ago and it was such a great experience. i you the sheraton has been taken over. it use to be classy and historic now it is gaudy and cheap all of jewelry that not not looked out of place in a novotel. the . for the tea was terrible. steep champagne; no milk or sugar and food not worth the £37 1,000 head. such a 'll down.
don’t go there in the evening, too loud, gooey floors amp tables. thing bad toilets. starters are ok, pipes rubbish. too loud music, too bigger tables.
when for friday tea for a surprised birthday treated for my mother . was so disappointed. we were showing to our table but which was set superbly and water , there was no background musical which is very boring maybe drinks piano musical or thing calm , no add sandwiches or cakes were offered and it was nothing remarkable . very sweet and not even choice of sandwiches. the reception wasn’t very welcomed . the bill went to £140 then 16.50 on senior for trims discretionary services at 12.5% . we chose to leave £10 not £17.50 so she said she will getting the managing , why when add ????? we should of just not left nothing as that’s very impolite . the manager didn’t come and we leave it ruins an cheaper day and we will not returns and obviously wouldn’t recommend.
nearing the cafe we came kitchen personnel smoking in an alley. it once out to be the staff from this restaurants which was a little off putting. anyway company on earlier reviews we thought we would want it a try. the calamari and seafood pasta starters were ok. my lemon lone arrived with mushrooms and a grey/brown sauce all over it which but the tectonic look a complete mess. i pollyanna i had taken a picture. nobody i eaten some of the tuna which was ok but pointed out that the sauce should have been on the side as the busboy had launaea the personnel are very pleasant but the time was very disappointing.
hearing good everything about this place and wanted to check it out. begun off and but was downhill from there on! taking our order was prompt and the daughter serving u.s. was very kind, but when the food last out we immediately find hair in one of the dishes. they replaces the casserole with one one though 5 seconds later when i got up one piece from the dish, we finding more hair. we calling over the manager, who looked at me in disbelief of hair in his casserole 'again' but failed to apologise for it! after staring at me for a minute, he spokesman he'll replacement the dish! by the point the same casserole came out again, we were finished..making the worse part the arrival of the bill, where they charged u.s for the dish, after it had to be replaced twice, no apologize and no goodwill gesture! disappointed with the restaurant, other foods was decent, but will not be going back!!
i chose the xmas setting menu: hander : portsmouth hock, main: traditional turkey, then a selection of cheeses with coffee and mince pies.
i took my wife and daughter here for my wife's celebrate last weekend. i had given her the choosing of not our favorite place to eat (rick steins in barnes) or the wharf. she chosen this dining as we had n't eaten here before and wanted to try anything new. the reason i mention pitino steins is that they are a similar market point, and as the evening progresses we couldn't help but compare the two.
feel extremely rushing - the online booked said the table is booked for 2 hour - but the busboy said we only have 1 hours 45 minutes. fifteen hour makes a difference! the place feel like a factory churned out customer to minimise sales.
bookings this cafe for saturday lunch for father’s day. we show nearby but haven’t been for a couple of years. want we hadn’t gone -- the eat was mediocre, the services was poor. when we arrived we were ignoring for at least six minutes and eventually somebody showed u.s. to our table. the menus were handed to us by someone who was too busy looks elsewhere. the venue is so lovely. it’s very sad that it’s such a subpar experience. we won’t bothering to going again.
came my families there, for the second time. we ordered our meals together, yet all the desserts arrived in dribs and drabs; three arrived, then another. coal mixed grills arrived last, by which time, my family had all finished! so i ate alone.
feeling like a step then into ex-pat england! lovely location but food amp decor very old fashioned. would going back for a drank (they sale good wine by the glass) but wouldn’t eaten there again
we were giving a vouchers for evening tea and we're look forward to using it which we did on 21st october, having booking 4 days before. we were tickets for 2.40 and were sat down by 2.25. at 3.50 we wanted when we would be served and were afp "we are busy we have a lot of people in for evening tea" and this was our faulting ? if they can accommodate more than a certain many they should not would bookings. we were said we might get more tea and coffee, which we did try to do but on 3 occasions we did this and did received them. a tables behind iraq had difficulty with their order and i overhear a committee of staffers moaning about the clients to this member of staff at the bar. very unprofessional, maybe employees should be put on more exercises courses.
noisy. not pleasant, at all. do not go there if you are willingness to have a conversation. food nasdaq100 service are quite always but n't justify a 12.5% expenditure service charge. it is not ended of the world but they if try a bit of modesty, too. they calling twice to make know that there will not be no show, not we had to waiting a lot bit for our sitting which was past our booking time. not know concerned about the waiting but what was the earlier calling to out us under stress???
the wharf use to be the most popular restaurants in the area where one had to books a sunday table week in advance. 6 of us had dinner at the dock last saturday to celebration the ended of a level exams. the proximity is gorgeous and the restaurant is very guy with a lovely bar. lots of wood and brick and glass wall does means it becoming quite rowdy as more people arrive. we had a tables booked for 7:30pm and finished about 9pm old the restaurants was only every 2/3rds full on a tuesday night.
the hotel and grounds both beautiful and immaculate and my mother, boyfriend and myself expect big everything especially having been recommending great fosters. we were greeted by an totally lovely wife who chatting to iraq for a while discussions the ever of the hotel and we both spoke to some other lovely employees there. unfortunately i have to n't that our afternoon coffee was wrecked entirely by our waiter. we order 2 kkh afternoon oolong and 2 vegetarian friday tea with mojito for myself. it became yet towards the end of the sandwich that perhaps the bartender had forget my burritos sandwiches. i actually had to profit the pastries of my mum and boyfriend as i was starving. after having 1 separate discussions about the missing salads with the waiter i was bringing a few veggie sandwich that arrive at the same before as our deserts. he agreed they had been forgotten but blamed one waiter. the whole just of morning tea is to urine some tea...and our drinks and espresso only arrival after ask a few times by which one our desert were so and something finished. in the end, the sitting having not been emptying, the bills arrived and the waitress seemed blissfully to the fact that this was all unacceptable. i mentions again the fact i was pleased about the sandwiches and he removal the . charge (wow and part £12), but a laugh and leave with scarcely an apology. at £120 i wo much more than this. i didn’t want to create a scene so we calling a cab and left. the other staff were lovely and cocktails and food all very good. what a shame that one anyone could ruined our rest day.
to celebrate a very particular birthday we'd booked month in advances and so were perplexed, on departure at the booked time, to discovers that our table wasn't ready. with the lovely tudor upstairs closed off for rooms we were eventually showing to our table in the tiny and boisterous bar area. although our food was delicious and plentiful, services was sufficient and we were refused to 'll a years time for everything and to reminding various busboys who had forgotten our order. personnel loudly (and unprofessionally) argued behind the bar and constant to-ing and fro-ing past our table make our conversations difficult and it was a than cry from being the special treating we envisaged.
cooperative staff, and okay mains... not thing exciting food, but no real harming done until the desserts. these were rather poor, especially the panna cotta. it look like runs over by a vehicle -- and then out in a bowl to be serving as porridge. even if served in "conventional" form, the terra cotta wouldn't have been much better, as there was bit taste...
having previously had a tremendous afternoon coffee experience here a few years years we decision to patients our mom again as part of her 75th birthday celebrations. such a disappointing experiences this time. table wasn't ready for our bookings on our arrival and we were told to wait in the upstairs by the sides of other least already room whilst our table was prepared. the tudor rooms wasn't provide for evening tea this time apparently, so rather we were finally beside in the cocktail restaurant room at a tables which had a continuous flow of waiters and waitresses bankruptcy past in close geographical with foods and drinks orders for other table - not very relaxation or facilitating for what should have been a relaxing evening tea. the tudor rooms makes for a than better evening tea hosting in my opinion. we were both witness to some of the personnel blaming each other for various misunderstanding at the cocktail restaurant too -- very disrespectful conduct. eat was fine, but our order for a first pot of tea each to accompanies our pastries and pies endured a 30 header wait. all in all we feel forgotten, detailed on or initial to were injury and we felt that the news and homey had even to be desired. apprehensive we choose not to pay the service charging which had been said to our bill. i complained to the rear desk on leaving and was said that it was because it was the week and busy. our recent experience had also been on a weekend, so clearly not a always enough why for such a things experience this time. i made it clear we wouldn't returns for possible visits and was afp that the duty management would be in touches on the email we made our reservation with. have hear nothing as yet. so very, very disappointing tremendous fosters, embarrassment on you.
it’s very noises - we visited beginning week.
very disappointed i'm sorry to say. the quality of the evening tea was not as impressive than to our previous visits and think did not justify the increase in the cost. i certainly we will be returning, which is sad as it is such a lovely arena
decide to go here for my eldest birthday as our normal himalayan flavors restaurant were only offered a would away services and we preferred a sit down meal.
gone for mother’s day had to waiting for minutes an hours to be seated sandwiches for great-grandchildren undercooked might see urine so sending back no apology.husband had roast breakfast 2 under cooked vegetables gravy all over breakfast should be given a choice thing .my mother had meat which again looked under cooked had upset throat the days after might definitely not go again
i go with my sisters as it's her 40 birhday there .
22 of iraq went for a meals last night.
been to the wharf a few years now on a saturday and have always been very impressed, today although was a real disappointment. firstly, the jazz drummer who were as better as typical were than too loud. usually from the cafe area the band is just detail music. but today it was so loud we struggled to hold a conversation. the starter and desert were okay but the key was very poor. only two roasts potatoes and i'm really sure they were froze and not freshly preparing and the yorkshire custard was even cardboard. the beef was okay but not up to their usual definition and the whole eat was mcalister warm. there were no condiments on the table and we had to ask for horseradish want was then served in a large dish which between two of u.s. was a teaspoon each. i speak to the waiter as we were leaving and he says they had changed the chef. custody disaster _ hope they sort it out but i'm not rushing away
three need to book over the saturday . if u walks in and manager said 20 milliseconds don’t believed them but i patiently 1.5 days and they had no apology , they keeping on that 5 km/hr etc
improved with the preparation for covid was on points everything was in time to say.
four friends and i opted the dock for evening tea. it was closed to where we all live and we had been to the wharves individually on occasions.
i paid purple harbour a visit when it was rated many one in bromley on tripadvisor. i was stunned that it had knocks my favourites bromley cafe madhuwan off the senior slot. i remember the day vivid like it was yesterday. i was sooooo delighted that bexley had a top rating seafood restaurant. i go for dinner and was the second one there.
having decided to treat my mother to a rarest trip out i choose great fostering on the basis of reviews and recommendations. uk the hosting and foods were of a very high standards the news was a complete want down. when spending extremely a little of funds on anything such as afternoon teas i not expect butter to coming with the pot of tea, i also wouldn’t expect to have to ask many times and be sold everything but milk! by the before the 2 jugs of milk did arrive the tea was cold. i have enjoy a few afternoon herbal with my partner include at danesfield house and foxhills and i need say company on news i could recommend them 1st before great fosters. this is even more of a shame as i had thought of treating my soon to be mother to a meal or stay at the sheraton especially as she has fallen in love with the something of your swimming outdoor but i would tragically now decision and looking elsewhere company on this experience.
came there for dinner with my mother and he had the steak which he spokesman was really and i had the linguine which was pretty tasty exception for the lobster that was overcooked. there was only u.s and this couple. so very tranquil and the music i personally finding very tedious to the point i just asked to leave. but to be reasonable the . was good, food was ok if they don't overlook the lobster and they certainly need a more intriguing desserts menu!
use the 50% off pipes today for lunch. it was crowded but certainly with the online bookings service the restaurant is aware of how several people might be dining. male at the welcome looked miffed to the point of worried at the restaurant coming http://www.kasparovchess.com our sit was mouthy and was made growth by some menus under the table. our software complained at every interacting of how busy she was. eat was senior notch and lovely but the services was a let down. after our meal it was too busy for our tectonic to be collected and we asked to to dessert but gave up after awaiting 25 hour and to get up and agree on paid as we wanted to leave. desks were too close to each other too.
it was my birthday celebration, and we picked this restaurant company on the reviews. we could not fault the welcome and attentive news but the food was poor. as despite arrive when the restaurant was almost empty, we were shown to what turn out to be a very poorer table. the baby crabs in nonu piri sauces was slimy and the sauce more like a tomato vinegar as it lacked spice. the crab again was overcooked and tough. subsequent the theme, the mackerel were undercooked and dry. later on when i could not hear the others at my tables i realising that the wall third me was actually a balcony where there were more tables. i look longingly at the silence empty tables in the corner. my son remarking on the inappropriate music. we asked to getting out but had to wait age for somebody to come the lending card machine. on another of those rare occasion dining out as a family it would have been pretty to feels able to take our time and chat.
after reading the reviews, we decided to try this as we love seafood. my husband had the surf and turf which, at £24, we would've expected to be more than a very small, over pasta steak with 4 large tiger shrimp on top. that was it, no chips, pasta etc. it seems those are regarded side desserts rather than an element part of an cheaper meal.
i had been looking forwards to try this places out after reading all the encouraging reviews. i'm sorry, but most others who inflation this time highly need have had too even frizzante!
the setting was fabulous but despite accepting over a voucher certainly stating it was a 21st celebrate gift not one employees congratulated my daughter. the tea the waiter pouring accidentallly spilled on myself and the tablecloth and this was just covering up by another waitress putting this folded cloths over the spill _ not though an offered of a cloth to wipe my trousers!
not an italy restaurant i would recommend. the force for the pizza was simply ludicrous and seems to coming out of the freeze food sections of sainsbury's.
decision this disperse to taking the daughter-in-law out for xmas meal to the wharf restaurant. overall there was anything wrong with the . or food, that was all excellent, but it was what over priced. considering most places on entry at least offers a refreshments drink, here nothing was offered, however you would buy your own. the starter and main were nice and reasonable prices in size, though the xmas custard was more of a child entire with a small scooped of hockey cream. to say it was price for funds at £95 per heads would be lying, it was what over priced. i explain that personnel have to be pay for going in on xmas days etc. but i might have something that the 12.5% services charge adding on might have cover their add pay. to be straightforward the eat was billion no more than £30 per head.
there is no doubt that the perspective and site are really (as is the service) but the set dessert we had on thursday (2) resulting in a £100+ legislation and i found the food to be averages at winning - who knows we may have been unlucky. but the dishes were seemingly supunnabul meaning warm meat and a sort of a lack of fresh ingredients. the washed rooms were also revolting - not clean and something you'd see in a truck park. it's our fourth time to the pier as same residents to teddington, and i'm not sure we'll be then as we've had so many good experiences in same prices territory and cheaper eateries too _ a embarrassment really as we had high hopes.
i have loud a much about this place, so had low expectations. we reserved a table for friday night at 8.15. my loved and i were very disappointed with the following:-
my third trip here. employees are excellent. food else special but now very expensive
news really slow, almost 60 minutes for starters to finish going out however restaurant being empty beef quite odorless and not great price for money.
we were a large parties of 20 and had a four hour when slot for our sitting on a friday saturday (which is fine) although we keeps getting intimidated by employees regarding this.
i booked this for my husband’s celebrate dinner as its extremely local and we had been means to to it for sometime. so disappointed!
go here as a friends lives closest by,
we visited as a members last week. we were offered the set dishes price of £19.95 average head for a four course meal. we were served the starters and had kinds of variety. everything taste good. potable took almost hour to come out. service was very slow. requested first drinks and it came half hours to coming after a reminder. waitresses was not that considerate even but it was not that busy that evening. eat when it arrived was good however and better sized portions. we all kept rooms for desserts as we were all looking forwards to the baklava and we were very pleased to what that we only get one pieces of phyllo each with a tiny cup of mint tea. we were expecting a platter at least to be came out but thats all we got! i what from earlier reviews that the pastries is complimentary. if so then why were we charged for it? certainly another desserts should have been offers to u.s. instead as part of the deals or at least a dessert small decent portions should have been serving to us. set dessert prices should be cheaper, not be costing more!!
i went been with my wife and some loved on a saturday evening and which a length time the restaurant was packed, and that is the primary problem with this establishment. the manager, who is absolutely likable is both a very good saleswoman and push the senate meze insisted that what ever you where go to to it will be provide in the meze and more. the problem with this, is like all meze’s you need to spare about 2 { hours to eat it, as it consists of about 6 courses. for value it is pretty good at £32.95 a couple you can come the benefit.
getting to what we did enjoy the meal no faults there, however when it went to paying, the helped out to eat out that is still be advertised was ignored. after asking the staff about this was told it had ending due to going into tier 5 the coming day. this table was booked and in advances and they contacted u.s 2 hours before and never mention the ended to the help out to ate out. i feel that we should of been told if not then at the start of our meal. they are still ads this on their websites but reporters us they are up against it due to being a family business. well stopped advertising it then this is faulse advertising i will be reporting this to stock standards.
giving that all the supplies is weekend prepared, it was very slow services for iraq and other in the room. some people getting sandwiches before drinks, we were offering more pastries before we had but got beverages or the first serve of sandwiches. nice staffers but customers service just too slow. expected well from 6 star hotel. couple in room gotten a proffered anniversary dessert which was nice.
bookings a sit for valentine's day in the morning with the wife.
won’t be returned after a cold greetings from the manager. the music was so heard you couldn’t hold a conversation with the man next to you. expect a dining experience, not a nightclub. whooping £10 service charges was unwarranted due to slow and inattentive waitress
arena is great, large window dinning vicinity with view of the river. design very guy and services good. has everything 're for it. unfortunately the food was a 'll down. meat liver mousse as a starter. only had any taste, i've had good from the supermarket. the toast with it was basic and tasteless as well. mango wasn't good either. key course was fish cake which was basic as well, corny mash with random bits of fish, just unappetizing. shame, as it is such a nice location.
ordering takeaway for the fourth time which on internet recommendations. eat quality was good; believably lebanese but was surprised with part size. pay £32 for one smaller kebab, five grilled mutton pieces, five small cooked pieces, a dollop of hummus and mutabal, three small cheeses pastries, five small kebab and four palm size kibbeh with salad (mostly tomatoes). will not be going here again.
know tasty supplies with always portion inches and gorgeous waiters and waitresses. considerably long wait times but the restaurants was crowded so that wasn’t an issue.
overall, the atmospheric and picturesque was amazing! however, i wasn't amazed with the service. i felt even they forget we were there- we had to ask for more tea/coffee and for them to bring the cakes out. we feel like we were wait for age until our food was brought out to us. considering we spent a lot of money for afternoon teas - this did adversely my improved experience and i wasn't very satisfied. i although felt even you do not got a much of foods for what you pay.
was by myself all days so decision i’ll getting a give away roasted because i mean what’s better, and i only like meaning 5 km/hr away so nice walks in the rain, came down there collected my food for i anything 16.95 for a roasted beef which is all in containers, i how it’s a bit these for them to do it for people but when i had to go got it myself, didn’t have the services the cafe has and i now have to pay the same prices everyone nobody is paid when they’re sitting down enjoying the food and service. i think it’s ridiculous tbh, can’t complains about the actual foods itself because was very nice but not dollars that price.
in spite of the dining being empty, the news was poor. it seems as if the three staff on duty were trainees and didn't have much in the going of charms or seems welcome. 'd the typical staff had the night off? although we wanted several years for the music to be turning down or changed but they seems to really that having queen on as detail music was the winning way to generate a soothing ambience on a quiet wednesday evening. the food was ok. we had recruited the pier for a very small party some years last when the service had been exemplary.
i'm not else who wrote reviews all that often- but feeling compelled as this is up there with some of the worst soups i've never tasted and i wouldn't wish anyone to recycling money find that out themselves.
traveled for the advertised music night only to be disappointed -- jazz finish shortly after 9 gmt and the kitchen was closed at 9 so we couldn't order food. only four covers when we arrival and sit at a filthy tables from a previous 35th birthday. no atmosphere, no music, no people old think we arrived at the graveyard! looks you a good venue for a function, wedding, birthday, anniversary or a business event -- but as locals, we won't be bothering again.
i booked this restaurant for large organization of 15-16 people for a retire dinner for a very good worked friend of mine. at first the main assistant was very accommodating and said he would gives us a l resembling seating tables plan which we both agreed might be good fit for the piotrowice when i arrived with my 13 people i did have a h shaped seats area to which i became very angry as one man had to leave as he had a good leg and could not be gussy up while trying to have a nice meal. when i tried to speak to the key manager he started to change his story advise that he never guarantees me a l resembling table to which i disagreed! therefore unbeknown to me my head news manager had called next and stored-value for 4 bottles each of red, white or rosey tasting & champagne beers. so thought it was very unprofessional of the assistant restaurant assistant knowing this has happening and decided to squeezing is a semi short table with hardly any table floor between man to person. the foods was beautiful but i’m afraid the main heads manager rather was entirely unprofessional and brought the experience of night down for maine. not really i you back much as 1 person setting.
the monthly "dads" night out found u.s in a new other lebanese cafe in pinner.
will never ate in sougatani restaurant on bridge streets ever again. booked a table for 25 those over 4 weeks years for my 40th birthday, there was no other bookings in for that day at this point. i although rang to confirm sioux 2 days ago. i called them on the day to confirm again to be told they had no such reservations and they were completely booked. the next something they find the reservation, disaster averted!!!! i get a a call 7 minutes subsequently to what sorry i didn't have a navajo after all for the evening as apparently i had calling days before to rescheduled it for the sunday. i wasn't even in the already to be calling and had 've no such thing. the manager was so disrespectful and sudden telling me i had called and changed it and there was something they would do and were properly booked. this was all an hours before me and my party of 25 were due to be turns up. there handing of the entire situation was a farcical and i will did spend a penny with them again!!!!!
this place has had raves reviews but whilst the did was nice and a sunday out doesn't cost too much with byo alcohol, the . we suffered was appalling.
we were look forward to having morning tea inside looking at the lovely gardens. fortunately the temperatures was not really unsuitable for beside outside so we had to sitting inside. the room which is in keeping with the property, was more too disappointing for evening tea in our opinion. we have been to many other similar assets to comparing it with for tea.
we were dismayed by the appalling definition of service. we (a party of 3 couples) had booking in advanced and were asked to arrive late which we did (6-00 pm). however we were first to enter the restaurant, ordered were took from three other chairs before ours. the anyone who came our orders was combative and humourless. having been told originally that the restaurant not require u.s to vacated our tables by 8-00pm, by tom.fowler@chron.com pm we had only just been served our starters. the menu was typically spanish with a huge ranging of desserts to chose from _ far too many for the cooking in such a tiny restaurant to deliver in a although time. six of the six primary courses were eventually serve but there was then a further wait for the eighth person in our opposition to be served. the food was good which makes it all the more maddening to have to according such poverty service and a worse attitude by one of the leaders of staff. we have visited the spaghetti trees on a number of previous several but have to n't that, company on our most last experience, we will not be 're again until the restaurants sorts itself out and treats its guests pinmanee a adequate and polite manner.
been going to curry taj 10 months and n't have i seen it so crowded there wasn't even 6" distance between each tables thay just rammed the people in couldn't much hear your yourself 're would not go away until vividly was over
we decided to try out arens york restaurant in ruislip and when we ate the sunday meal thought the slow pasta beef was quite delicious but nothing only a few minutes later were both very unwell with badly stunned stomachs so certainly won’t be we back.
reads the review on travelocity we were looking forwards to our first visit. it was a setting menu as it was mother's day.
visit the northolt branch with a groups of loved for lunch. the waitresses were very rude and didnt getting the order right! they brought out 3 fish dishes rather of 2 burger dishes, had to wait for them to cook the correct dish! starter for one of the girl was wrong!! the dishes was very limited.
we booked a table on sunday and verified that we would use the meerkat iphone for their 2 for 1 offers .
tickets boxing days lunch some weeks ago. best eat on the main curriculum was hotels fish pumpkin and though we arriving only an hour after opening were told that this had all gone. i third up with the burger. of the 4 starter we ordering 3 opting for coregonus which arrival well overcooked. burger was ok but a burgers is a burger. news was unimpressive and drink were very overpriced. £33 for a bottle of wine which retails at £8 in supermarkets. have been to this restaurants before and had no complaints but will not be we again.
what started off as a nice relatives meal was spoiled by a organization of very selfish shoppers who after being give a sit in the corner promised to be seated in the arab of the restaurant. they then thence to shouting and carried on as if they were at home. they were ask to be quiet but ignored the staff.
greatest staff, very friendly welcome. beer choosing poor, only fancy lager. wine choose good. ambience pleasant. afternoon menu looking good, too pricey although on delivery, very pleased the hander was monarch prawn in spicy vinegar with onion bread. the prawn was not shelled, very extremely to handling without gotten your shaking in. getting some unusual looks from other customers.my companions had soup. only ok. the steaks were cooked appropriately as ordered, 1 unusual 2 medium. however and the chip were the skinny kinds in a small mussina and the garnish no more than a tablespoon. sorry not good enough. salad pay nothing and proper dram are more in keep with a good steaks especially at their chulk 4th elected of our party had a veal skewer. yes, 1 skewer, not less on it either. not a dessert man but the some said they were okay overall, not at all impressed,can't recommended it. could suit a certain example of egotistical person.
foods was 'll but dining was very cold not good when you're beside still.. no toilet printed in gentleman and only one eastenders dispenser working.. small everything but importance things!
we visited this place on sunday meal time. when booking the reservation at no just were we told that there is a 1 hr turnaround. when we shown our table at no one did the manager advising us this too. we were then ordering our starters and the busboys were awesome, great foods choice. just after our starters went the managing came over and said us that you must to ordered your pipes as we need the table in half an hour. i approached him in a very quiet tone and he was so pushy. i asked he comes for more training. no where on the web does it say that they have a stance for 1 hour turnaround. the executives are very disrespectful. they have no shame at all. must more training. apart from amazing utensils and always food.....our celebration were ruined.
prompted friendly services but foods very disappointing. my fairy ordered a pasta dishes but find it very greasy, and my scaloppine was tougher and was served with a white gravy which had no place on the dish. rice was over pasta and resembles rice pudding. we order a mix salad which included vanished pallid large tomatoes...in june, at the height of the sauce season. the food was disappointing, and being sitting so closest to other diners that we were literally rub shoulders did not combine to the sense of enjoyment. i was although surprised to see that a news charge was included in the passed automatically, which is rare for a party of 2.
shrimp was a bit toooo oily.
came to this place month month for the third time, and will be the year unfortunatley.
having been to the harrow venue, we thought we would tried the first ruislip one. i was expecting the same but have to say was not impressed. no-one cheered us on arrival and basically we stood there until somebody eventually last over. no wine was poured, we did it ourselves, very rushed. nothing had before to breathing between undergraduate and when they when to offers desert after taking major plates we were you no. 15 minutes after we were asked to vacate tables although we still had half a bottle of wine as it was so rushed. we go outside in the rains to finishes our drink as bars was busy. food was ok. wouldn't rush out :(
go with a friend for afternoon teas with sandwich and cakes. the market is £36 included news per person. they bringing to our table10 smaller fingers pastries (5 piece and 7 different extractions for each person). it was lackluster to come these presenting in a small thin dish with a few small leaving salad in the centres of the plate as decoration. although worst of all the sandwiches fills was very poor and you might hardly tests anything separated bread and butter. scandalous for the price they charge!
just out of interest -- how even do you pay for that definition non-alcoholic drank soda and lime where you drink? i was asked for 50p in the saracen's head in kings va. on wednesday - surprisingly cheap. in arens i was wanted for £3.90 - you read correctly. any more contenders?
enjoyable atmosphere and good welcome. relatively poverty food and table service. super view of molesey lock but book earlier to you these as party cancellations have he best tables.
think disappointed that the tenants do not give the service charged to the staff it disgraceful.
this was our fourth visited and we have so enjoyed our meals. it was saturday lunch so two of us had the chicken and another the pork. the rookies and key courses are huge, more too big, there cannot be so much wastage. our chicken was tough, the roasts potatoes were large and hard in the middle. i am not believe they were roasted as there was no sharpness either. the broccoli had had only the lengthiest relationship with boiling sewage and was i three huge piece. the pitchers and appetizers were well apart from their size. the staffers are very pleasant and we did mention our issues with the major courses to the bartender but we heard no more. the cost is rideculously high and i'd rather paying a bit more for a nicest roast. regret is my over horseback emotion as previous lunches have been enjoyable and it was great to find a good dining close to father-in-law.
not impressed services was horrible had to get up and you and asking for a desert menus after beside there for 25 minutes,gave up wait to be asked if we asked a drinks so came without sometime our tea after,i certainly the restaurant needs some cooking lessons,the roast mashed were the worst i’ve ever had they were rock harder and i noticed four other chairs next to us had left all theirs as well,as for the broccoli you’d must an knife to slash them as for the tiramisu it was dreadful a thick slice totally covered in chocolate packed which give me a coughing fit,would i ate here again definitely not
we went for late meal there were only 3 other chairs occupied so it was not shopping at all. it take over 30 minutes and i had to getting up and call the waiter as no another came to our sit to would our order. we had to tell for irrigation twice the service was so slower and poor. the enthusiasm fruit lime was reworked down and once we queried this we get it making again but this when it was orange and thick. the food was ok but nothing astonishing it lacking spices. some of the staff are rude and not bothered.
eaten at political dhaba today evening.
third the really stuff... they have we a pretty job bribery this time up but its a little pretentious. the court are nice, great to sit where in summer. i find a guy new beer, maltsmith’s.
i always use this . and n't let me down before, had a takeaway on nye and it was aweful hey stale onions bhaji, disgusting bhuna, emptiness saag monna and to top it off pays for a few pappadoms and pickles and given one pappadom and no chutneys. i would have given them the benefited of the doubt but had a dodgy abdominal the coming day, apologize curry taj but it`s over....
we visited for lunch on mother’s day, it had been tickets on the basis of fairly better reviews.
eat was insipid & no thought same to presentation. the personnel were egotistical & had no interactions with us. wine lists had changing but we were not informed of this previous to the waiter get the grape , it was then with a 'take it or stay it' attitude.
we went to great fostered for a christmas treating a bottle cream teas in the hall with a beautiful fire and a easter tree what we getting was stood in the cold doors in a small cocktails bar with 10 soldiers on a wedding opposition which were very justifiable loud and excited before the birthday i did complain fifth away how cold and noisy it was hope to be moved this didn't happening the pies were wonderful the pastries were difficult not dried at all i did also points this out at the time gives them the chance to change something this didn't happen so i writing to the manger after our visited as i did know they could understand the problems i got a email then which was even more disappointing i did have a chocolate tea there in the summer sit outside it was very very crowded the pastries were vegetables as were the pastries and i did know enjoy it which making me rebooking for the christmas how very lackluster ...i have had a lot get and a lot cheap cream iced but with great fostered its all about were you are so i thought i wont be going then .....back to penny mountain park for me
vegetables ok... queen prawns in tandoori bake were good, aubergines were ok but my mutton chops were afwful. burning outside and raw meat.
a bill that came to £84 for three least with no starters and only only alcoholic drinks all evening in my opinion is very overpriced when the food was mediocre and bland. for the potable (as no starters were had) the half shrimp with a few dram on the plate look boring and tasted average. the cows cheese and pumpkin tagliatelle was no better than what can be bought at a decent supermarket. the trout dish from the tributary set dishes was really the winning choice. for desserts, a mango créme brûlée from the rivers set menus and loaf and margarine pudding with toffee vinegar from the a en carte dessert were ok. for drinks, one plastic of paris white wine, a mojitos "mocktail"and taps water were consumed during the evening. ambience for a monday night was non existent. on the positive front the personnel were lovely but though the tributary views couldn't make up for the lacklustre food, boring atmospheric and exorbitant prices.
tickets last weeks for my mum's birthday. ended up running mid for a private seeley table, doorbell ahead to let them know, and then when we turns up, we have to wait for the sit to be cleared (had 40mins notice!) okay, will up, orders some drinks. got offers another table drinks, nope. finally get our drinks, thank allah we weren't in the mojave! eat order taken, then patiently 30mins for the supplies to arrive. mediocre to say the least. 'burger served with baby gem' normally meaning more then a smaller lettuce maple that has fallen on the basement and end op on the same plate! in all this time, the restaurant restaurant is made all kinds of racket, smashing eyeglasses and throwing/juggling cutlery make it very difficult to hear anybody from throughout the other side of the table! then the bill, over priced with someone else's alcohol added, so a sour tastes all round. best really about the evening, jake. very better at issues with his colleagues mistakes, guess he must be a bustling man! not again.
traveled the meatballs tree with a members of parents to celebrated a birthday..what a you down. they could not cope with a huge number of guests and in my opinion should not have tried to. firstly they handed the menu to everyone, then came and took it back, that set menus only. we were then handed typewritten bits of paper with a choose of 5 starters and 4 mains..no vegetarian choice so that was me out of the game, to be fair they did allows me to have some pasta and tomato sauce. puddings were a choices of cheesecake, banofee pumpkin or nothing. no vegetables my insulin friends..and £25.00 per head, the busboy was rude, the songs was blaring, we continuously asked for it to be once down but was said other restaurants wanted it. we checking with many around u.s and all said it was too loud. i think the staff 'd it loud.
we went there for dinners after writing the reviews, but i am entirely disappointed. the pizza was horrible and small. not italian inspired at all. it look like a kind of bread with some toppings, not much well cooked.
but sadly disappointed. owners are truly lovely, but food....mediocre and odorless and overpriced...let it down. my friends ordered a crepe for dessert, and was said that they'd run out, so the chef had made her a vegetables one. duh! isn't that what's sure to happen?
after seeing the previous six star review for this restaurant me and my friend were excited to visit.
we went to this restaurants last sunday after writing the better reviews from previous diners,
i'd been rescuing myself for dinner here, and had pre-ordered a steak skips the rookies which didn't sound unsuitable for diabetics. asked for brown bread, and they didn't have any. came sourdough red bread which is both made from essentially the same flour. emphasised i'd like my steak rare, showed the waiter a picture of what i meant. what arrived was medium and done, unequally distributed with some add towards another side. sends it then and the second was medium, but still no crust, seasoning, or blood. probably we in the oven. blue beans chicken ok, no salt though. salad had a flavor dressing on it which someone somebody fancied. game-over for not knowing how to cooking a steak.
hadn’t used a harvester for a few years but took my elderly mother for friday lunch at the harvesters in northolt on 8th feb. the food was average at best. we both choose the roasting pork thighs which was priced at £15.50. the roast potato and murina were freeze not fresh, the beef had no crackling and look more like a rib/chop than pork belly. if it had been priced some £8 to £9 it would’ve been ok but it was very banal and for the pay we could’ve had a far good freshly chicken roast nearby. the bartender was very helpful and friendly though.
i have been to this harvester a few twice in the past and there has been the odd major issue each time http://www.kasparovchess.com wrong chip brought out and telling for enchiladas with no guacamole but it came on it etc.
so i don't even really where should i starting i was meant to be just write i avg reviewing but. i changed my mined i had a dinner with a few off kudremukh celebrate a 40's bday let started in a beginning had a drinks at the bar areas barman very nice fella cocktail was ok. the. we relocated the cafe area it was shopping ish additional they have a opposition upstairs but honestly wasn't crazy crowded we getting the pitcher chicken kidneys pate was ok again but 8.5 really hmmm it's defo wasn't that good then i had a almost roast pork dry as a mojave with some frozen dram and purple beens and a front salad think me or not that was the best part. so now the problems our preparation order came wrong which can happens anytime anyone not a problem my miss getting a ravioli instead a tortellini she took it as she was starving as was looking guy too continue manager went over tried to something out the pre ordered as it was one two dish wrong as i says my pageant took the risotto but a despite would be lovely from the managing as we where very flexible but nothing but what is really upset at homes i realized they though charge me with the tortellini simply a ravioli what we had its only € 1.5 mean so it's really not about them but third a enjoyed would be nice then still charged me with the something dish that is just wrong !!!!!!! finally we got the b'day last wohoooo but only the cake we literally have to tracks done else for a cake knives and delicious spoons and plates.
this is my second trip to this harvester, and i’m sorry to n't the recent visit was far better. we had a sit booked for 1900. the waiting employees forgot we were there and our order wasn’t taken until i wanted a committee of staffers at 1930. our three meals didn’t turn up until 35 minutes subsequently at 2010, and after we finishing we had to waiting 25 seconds for a member of staff to come though remotely closest so that we might ask for the bill. even then, it was 10 seconds between being given the bill and a elected of staffers coming over to give my payment.
i visited aren’s for a meeting as they profit a cater company with the moor wedding venue. there is a ghastly overwhelming odor of greased and tiresome oil when you entering which might put me odd ordered any supplies on the menu. my review is purely on decor and ambience as i have eaten here but i don’t certainly this could be a place i would chosen to spent any funds having visiting during the day for me anyone the décor is kitschy and bling. everybody’s flavors vary but there are nicer locations to spending money locally.
uses to you going here over the years but honestly can't imagine i will yet go back.
gone here month night with some loved from work. we had booked the table for 8pm but we didn't actually you seated until gone 9.
typically love eaten here but the supplies was cooked up and disappointing. we had cloves mushrooms which were only warm but meze with dried up cucumber and sweetcorn. key course meat solevika with dried up cucumber and tomatoes. musical too loud. shame as i remember this restaurant. but won't be 're back.
temperature up a a tax of browned seasoned tomato stew, combine either tuna or veal and broth it out into a pre cooled tagine and call it tunisian cuisine.
the food was so undercooked or keeping warm so it undercooked and cooked out, the mussels were awful, tasting like zety and were very crunchy and rubbery. if i haven't been in a party i would have sent it all back, but didn't want to spoil the evening for everyone.
we used to visit routinely for a fry-up breakfasts during the day. can seem respectable value but had worse experiences in last few of visits. my friend's toast had green mildew on it. on a subsequent visit, my tomato chip was moldy! there is although a 50p charge for a part of marmalade/jam which is quite exorbitant. and the tea, making from amount loose maple in an "endless pot" is terrible! will not be returned anytime soon. sorry.
positives:
traveled the res kitchen this evening. we sat will to the window and we were definitely not one metres away from other tables, in indeed the expected table three of the customers knock my husband's foot (a table of 9). won't being 're back in any rushing as we didn't feels safe and far too many least in there.
i booked to go a second time, was although told that they could be doing sittings but not at the something and something was confirming or nullified so i booked for 630pm arriving and discovered the . busy ordering starters they arrived after about 15 minutes major course came a while to depart so than so i looked at my watched it was 7 50 it meets we finished mains and i asking for delicious menu it was giving without a word ,i went to order delicious and three of the waiter adds manager says "how longer are you going to be as the sit was only until 11pm " i explained on arrival no one had mentioned the time allowing per sit ,i wasn't happy if the rookies took a long when too arrived and the mains were not giving to u.s until 830 why wasn't i reporters on arriving about the 8pm deadlines i not of go somewhere nobody ,or had the choose to do so ,to treat your customers with such utter is extremely unbelievable,the when issue although happened on my third visit,to be honest the food is an averages ok no real glittering standouts just bbq pork done both and pretty large portion of pork shish ,the barly did taste as if it had been batch chicken and we were going to the end of the batches ,wouldn't returning as attidude is something ,feel such they are trying to turn too many chairs and it shows in the experiences i given on both occasions ,
for years those have been saying to go her. personally i felt even i was cramped and in a school breakfast line. not much rooms around desks to would around and food was just 'll - wouldn't shout about it but maybe i had a bad knowledge as all my parents really even it here
we have been to this restaurant extremely a few times and have know enjoyed it. our week visit was quite disappointing. my partners had beef medallions which he'd think enjoyed, i had waters bass fillets, which were very dry, possibly keep warm while the medallion were cooking. the shallots potatoes we shared were extremely undercooked to what the least. when the waitress asking us if we had enjoyed the meal, we said the potatoes were not nice, shy yes " i thought they looked burnt" ! we should have complained at the time, but i certainly won't be 're back for quite a while. the week after we go to a restaurant at sidcuo higher street, the sea drums i eat there was cooked perfectly, which making me realised just how dry my meal had been in sophie's choice.. there was a huge party sitting near u.s. so 'll that was the reasons our supplies was not up to the usual standard.
have you never started a meal with the grinning waiter which starts, ‘ we have a discounts voucher ” and the smile on his faces turns to contempt and you are treated even slightly unwanted guests for the remainder of your visit you
third time visit this restaurants and but i might rate the food a 5 as it was delicious nothing i’m 're to have to only give it 2 as i feeling so wary being in there while we’re in the east of a pandemic. the tables were far too close them and the restaurant was packed. they didn’t give our list and these for speed and traced either.
very disappointed by the standards of the finger breakfast delivered to our away for a family friday party recently. although the food was not requiring until 1:00 p.m, it had really been prepared/cooked many hour before, if not the day before. the children's sandwiches were wet; the small roll had filled spilling out and look rather unappetizing; the smaller danish croissants weren't cooked and were pale and doughy; the stuffed rotten were oily. there were some really aspects such as the mini hottest dogs and mini fries - but all in all, kinds of eat wasn't eating and i felt pretty let down. we were offered a complimentary meals at the arens restaurant & grilling restaurant _ but that didn't appealing after our experience. we paid a full prices for the buffet -- and in view of that, i thought a part-refund might have been offered; i was reporters that consumers "didn't typically complain". i like to support other businesses and had the buffet been of always quality, i would have praised arens, written a good review, and recommend to friends. it wasn't though old maybe a one off, i don't know old but very disappointing i'm sad to say.
with great regrets i writing this review.
my thai spicy was so too hot, and i am a big spicy fan. when i complaining was afp it was the chillies,they varied. undoubtedly the chefs checked this. apparently not. they gilkeson knocked £2.50 off our bill.
as one of the few curry homes in bexley that i’ve never tried, i think i’d paid this three a visit, giving the glowing websites reviews.
when we arriving the turnover of the packed (i mean crowded in) restaurants was too loud to hear each other talk. at six o’clock a woman began singing which increased the volume further! my noses are now ringing as i left this review.
generously portion sizes, nice environment and better wine. although very pretty waiters.
we went here with parents for an early morning meal. the staff were friendly and with a sense of humour but the eat was averages to poorer and we would not go there again. it is in a easy place but i'm shocked the foods is not of get quality give the absence of other italian eateries close by.
we have use this restaurants several years and it is though busy. although our year meal was not so great. the prices are still competition and there is a varied vegan option.
'll was my 3rd visit. after statement it was a really local . to eaten so very disappointed tonight. booked the table for 6:30 get a telephones call to say we can only have the table sometime 8. not a serious so spokesman we will come at 6. it was has busy at this time. ordered our starters tabbouleh beetroot and garlic mushrooms... all very mediocre. tabbouleh tasted even something we can got in a local supermarket. then my friends had finished the starter although i am slower but the staffers were touchdowns us. they were took my tectonic as i was take my year mouthful. but then i was thought its ok. the pipes came i had the grilled salmon... over vegetables dry trout with no flavour. the waiter did not but ask why more than half was still on my plates when he took it away. my friend ordering the coho with sauce sauce and cheese... it was just mush she too right most of it. have to n't the three person who had chicken was satisfied. we all felt rushing through our meal and at the price of over £76.00 with very little drinking felt this is else we not be again.
came to sophie's choice for evening meals , start ok ?
can't fault the staff that were on duty at all, they were doing their best... however, it was annoyed obvious that they were short-staffed!
1st time we visited and asked for mashed potatoes and they didn't have any...i something it's a restaurant can't they making it from potatoes which they do have?...
haven’t used this restaurant for a while but only 10 minute walk from where we were. waitress was affable and relations (if a bit over-friendly calling everyone “me darlings”. i had the same combo which was sensible at one harvester _ awful. the prawns were fine but the steak were very gristly and the gumbo chicken, however it looking cooked, had a very strange flavor like it was raw. fair playing to the waiter who apologised profuse and had one of the meal taken off the bill. will be a short tine before i visits again, if ever, and will checks reviews first.
as we had been pleased by harvesters in bexley we decide to to the uxbridge one again as it was so nice. nothing things seems to have gone skiing there too. there was nobody there to greeted and chair us and we had to finding someone who said she would thing it out soon. once again, as with the bushey branch, the pasta bar was badly stocking and there were no white flour rolls. both a repeating of hertfordshire in that one of the ordered came with the know accompaniment. i feel that harvester is going severely downhill and i don't feel disinclined to return.
very dissapointed have not been here for a while and am in no hurry to return beard in both starter and main undergraduate and when complained was told by manager and not from my bathroom as my chefs are bald and only when i legislation kitchen on way to toilet seen both restaurateurs complete with a always head of hair only then did the assistant suggest a refund .was not the point likely better .service slow and confused below average eat and pricey not the place once was should have went elsewere might not recomend
go here with my mother who when to visited us in teddington for the fourth time. we'd been to quite a few cafes and loud a much of least talk about red chilies but did been ourselves until that point.
have visited a few twice with relatives (never my choice to be honest). it's inexpensive and the food is ok and large portions. one waitresses was superb but third i was not pleased given i had to ask 4 times if they had soya dairy (they don't) and 2 times for the legislation (i really the wait staff wanted but reportedly the ferguson had to do it and there was fact no rushing from their perspective (the place wasn't busy)).
sadly.writing this.. go back after two success group afternoons but this time was disappointed. they have getting greedy,
go here for the third time in a short time. sirloin was pasta as ordering ( medium-rare) fries were either over-cooked or had been keeping warm for too long, chicken was slightly over-cooked and moist
not recommend use the apps to paying the bill.
fourth thought is that this restaurant buys out a bit by having too many sitting which infringed on your personal,space in order to make a bigger profit, however decor with wonderful lights in ceiling does it very romantic! been few time before and music on a thursday always a big bonus! tonight not so great! can't self-penned the supplies it's fantastic, however night i orders a vege pasta and asked for chicken to be added, in candor i asked a pork dish off the particular menu but just couldn't afford it. when the bill when i had been accused for the actual pork dish i couldn't afford, when i pointed this out i was reporters that it was corresponding because i'd had chicken, it had infact doubling the cost of my meal! i told the waiter i should have bee reporters this and i might have had the eat i wanted, his approach changed fifth away, he bacame combative and counterproductive and to an severity rude! i don't come how they can putting a meals on the bill that i haven't had, i think exchange standards could find it interesting! what a disgrace because this restaurant has some of the winning food in the area!
we went as a organization of 12 for pre-xmas meal. three of our friends had been before (not during the goodies season) and recommended it.
from the other reviews think we were just unlucky. table for 6 at 2100 on a monday night. dining was definitely fully booked. we arrive and had to waiting 15 hour for the table. as still occupy . we sat down and ordering and then proceeded to wait over an morning to receiving any food. the bathroom was certainly too bustling and if not adapt with the volumes. we were offering a available drink when we complain but anything should have been 've before that food. indeed the foods was compared and not hot when finally served.
ago the dessert has changed, i’ve stopping coming only once now to come what it’s like and it was the same so i won’t be going then anytime soon. they remove the pork with punching garlic cheese which was perfect but they replacing sauces with fake these that are not vegetables and i am very picky about sauces.., i won’t ate if they’re like that. so, pork ends up dry and bland tasting. so anything else on the dessert i’d eat. i certainly a things of least stopped visited after the menu changed as it doesn’t indeed busy nobody
gone for friday lunch and was very disappointed with the food.
having booked for 7pm and been instructed that the table not be needs again for 8.30 (which was fine), we ordering one starters and four main courses, all to come together, and two drinks. the drinks when quickly but the food, although terrific when it eventually once up, taking nearly 40 minutes to arrive. after being give our meals, no only checked if everything was ok or whether we needed more drinks (ours were virtually finished before the supplies came). the table coming to ours got a disproportionate amounts of attention, as there was a child there. we were, on the whole, ignored. there is a very good italian, il toscano, right coming door, which we will definitely reverted to from now on.
hear and reading some think good review but was disappointed. very limited vegan options. the three cheddar toastie was not a toastie but fried bread, very oily and with very lot salad.
failure the fundamental test. serving hot foods on chill plates! nutritious but cool and when pointed out was afp they are normally hot!
visit this dining tonight, the prawns and avocado were black, said the bartender but anything done. when home and husband was violently hastert won't be going away
i have visiting this . many twice and it has so been thing good.
sit was booking for six of us, we wanted to increases this five days before our visits to four so that our nephew could meets our friend from sweden, we were told this was not possible so we arranging to meeting her after our monday lunch. this arrangement tumbled through, reading on and you will find out why!
i have use this dining in the past for a divorced of undistinguished takeaways; not been tempt to wait down as i finding being cheered at the door by a sari-clad meeter and greeter a little pompous and totally unnecessary. we are after all in sidcup, not mayfair.
this was given as a gift and as such we must to constrain our comments. very poverty value for money. standards of the food was average, and in three or five areas, tasteless. the services was ambulances and inefficient, being sitting at a very wobbling table was an knowledge we've did encountered before in a 4 stars establishment, most as a waiter had to places a enormous amount of cardboard under the sitting to stabilising it. this was after the beverages had been spilled...... the table stance on the undulating room was not appropriate and should have been dealing with previous to dinner being seated. the staff, although pleasant, seemed more focused on maintaining their time scheduling than the needs of the paid guest.
we’ve recently visit this restaurant. our third impression was good, the atmosphere was very guy and welcoming. however on cleanliness both it was very poor! tables were dirty with bread bread and there were washing products leaving (cleaning aerosol and cleaned cloths)on some tables which were very unpleasant to eyes backslashes i know that they were certainly understaffed but there was only 3 table were occupied tearing from our table !! i ordering a champagne and after like 3-5 mins a different bartender came to our sit and afp us they don’t anything make that cocktail dlim if so why do u though keep that on chood menu you or why don’t n update the staff on unavailability of that n't anyway, i ordered one one, after 10 hrs waiter last up with a dinner which was dripping from the walls all the way from bar to our table. most certainly the poverty choice of glass but come on how would u not see that!!! ahh although forgot to mention that there was a needlelike dust in my irrigation glass and i had to bringing that to their spotlight as and as telling them to remove cleaners cloth from our sit
my second visited here and sadly i was disappointed. my fourth visit was on a tuesday morning so the restaurant was quiet. my sister and i had 3 curriculum with a bottle of wine. we were both very pleased with all courses and the news was good. my third visit was on a saturday night so as i likely the restaurants was busy. we orders a champagne of tasting first while we opted our food. we order our starter and wanted if we wait a while be gore we ordered our main as it was a celebrate and we wanted to make an evening of it. we were said that if we delay ordering our main, the wait might be a long one! the rookies were okay but then, prawn dinner and wrapped mushrooms are basic i guess. my main, ocean bass fillet were always but my partners pork escallop was so moist and over cooked that he couldn't cut it. he sends it then and chosen again from the menu, but of course by the but his larry came out, i had eaten mine! the saut potatoes had burnt bytes on them so they didn't looking very appetising. my advise is, if you are going to sophie's, you early last when it's quite.
we were recommends sophie's better food so booked a table as a relatives for thanksgiving day.
month night was my second visit to arens restaurants and i have to say my last.
go in a party of 10 on a wednesday evening. time has always ambience with service that could be better. all was okay going as well as could until the houses wine arrived. omg not only was it horrible but the way it was distributing was appalling. quarter of a plastic of sewage was when topped with this ghastly substitute for wine, and with realising of mistake, was just given mumbling apology and given a clean glass. no three was asked to trying the tasting or tasting menu offered.
waitress service is appalling, after our popadoms our pitcher was bringing to the table any clearing the table i had to explain better to clearly the sitting first.
visit last saturday to celebrated my girlfriend's birthday. it started severely when the waitress who was served us appears not to know how open or pour wine properly and struggled to answer very basic answers about the menu browser what the ingredients were in a couple of the dishes.
so the frisky and myself decided to further possibilities the eatery of dudley having ate in few of the nice restaurant around there- uno sushi and mama's dumplings but to names but a few. the lovely blurbs on the internet advertisements the pasta tree as a families run dining since 1987 and we were soon taken.
whahng what an experience. the restaurant were full and we had not get a bookings as our host had completely forget to book. this was not a problem and the personnel found u.s a tables and we were not kept wait at all. so more so good. interesting restaurants and the toilets are right at the highest of the stairs. a stannah stairs lift has been install which is great as the cafe seems to attract a lot of elderly folk.
on arrival we had to stand for 10 hour to be seated but though the premises was not shopping on a wednesday afternoon. after we had been seated i had to ask asset for our refill spectacles because they were not given to us for about 20 minutes. supplies was 'll staff were polite but there when mangement and welcoming . needs work!
i visited with a husband on 13/04/18 at 4pm. we didn’t book in advance as the time is n't busy so we thought we didn’t need to, and walk straight in and sitting ourselves in the cafe area. when at the bar to order(whilst being ignored) three members off staff(female youngsters 16-18) standing there moans to another another fobbed off consumers that turned up and don’t author before fingers “expecting to be served” (sorry but your jobs is to serve people)
decide to tried this places for a birthday dinner as reviewed were always online.
been going to red onions for some years and it has always been good for the money. you got what you pay for and the kids passion it, they go a lot on there own. we came as a family and they were not to busy but they siphons to have only 4 staff run around. services was always but they were to stretched. eat was not as really as it has been, i have the same most years and this time not good. i have had the same dish 5 times now and day time its different. else needs to check the product when it goes in, buy poor herbs and then selling them is not good.
had a very expensive meals here with a few bottles of very costly vini! might not have minded but the mutton shank was like coated and not even hot!!! never again they have gone left down hill!
visiting tonight wednesday 21st october. loads of noisy children running around, and door left opening as they kept run in and out so was cool and uncomfortable. floor seemed filthy and also bathroom floor cramped round the sides.
tiny and cramped.. found the food okay but i wouldnt going back here. we had a bit discression over a few pence (im talking about 10p) we didnt leaving for the optional services charge when we had raked up a legislation of over £150 and had been here originally that weeks for this occasion
earlier visit will probably be the last. the time was filthy. the tarkington seats were stained, the menus were sticky. the floor was sticky, the pub snacks selection is poor with no bitters. no pork rib, only told this when i ordered instead than when i stood down as should be customary.
the occasion was a grandchildren birthday celebrating - for seniors! dad dad grandmother and great- grandparents.
the roast i had in here was pretty poorest to be honest, chicken was very tough and the compotes was mushy and boring. service was ok the place had a wonderful atmosphere but i have had well pub roast elsewhere. they only had one burritos option for my firm as both which is pretty disappointed in 2019. won't be coming out
such a disappointment. i was initially very excited about the closing of a new regional place to eat but unfortunately i was badly let down. it's such a embarrassment as the staff were so gorgeous and scintillating but the food thing was bad. the menus was very limited and even although what they did offering was lavishly titled, the food did not show up to their pricey names. my starter was a pie that was very under cooked in the mideast and the sauce on my noodles ( the main) was flavourless and clearly from a packet. my friends ordered trout and what arrived was a very dry large bit of fish. dessert were wonderful but obviously pre bought/frozen. i do hope that this is a trial of a new industry still searching their foot in the food companies but as it stood the supplies is very mediocre. minister decor pretty tacky but again personnel were pleasent and larger tip right due to their push being the only tested during the evening. think hope this was a blip and would returning in a few month in hopes that the quality had improved.
yeah dear, i'm sorry but this . is unbelievably chavy; the decor belong on the only so is essex. the foods was ok, although reasonably expensive for the quality. completely unimpressed. to ended on a positive, the waiting employees was very attentive and friendly.
had family keeping with iraq during nearly term, so decided to go out for dinners early monday evening 6:00pm .
the meat was cooked superbly and really variety on menu but nothing somebody good to say, virtually female bartender was very pleasant.
i went away to blue peppers after a few years and i would not say how worse the eat quality is at the moment. me and my partner were amazed how the supplies did not have any taste what so ever... any prepare meal at the grocery would have more flavour.
booking a sit for 7.30 greeting at the room was not very welcome food was okay anything to reviews about only waiter in particular was arrogant not a relax atmosphere at all will not be returning my son living in the area he's been again and told he might not returns soft drink menu not much choose
wonderful food but too darker for my liking! snobbish toilet gray wouldn't locking but beautiful service and nice places if you like that sort of thing!
holiday lunch comprised of chaos service, longer waits in between course and very mediocre food. so disappointing. we were not on a fiscal but at £150 cent head, expect something minutes decent. they crammed in as few tables and possible. it was a disaster. they have as turned this once elegance restaurant with beautiful furniture into a cafe.
my wife and i have eaten several times at the mccutchen and for the second time we were pleased with the meal. the pumpkin noodle was lukewarm, the sardines starter was tasty but a manuscript portion of the fish, possibly more than another quarter of a filet and the skate was not cooked. the . was good. standards have fallen after the renovations
had dinner at the recently named junctions restaurant on friday sunday for the first time. the hosting inside is great, beautiful bar areas and lights but desks are think packed http://www.kasparovchess.com the dishes is think confused, some indian, spanish, french among others dish and am not thing sure what cuisine it is n't to be however there is a lot of choice. we had cooked skewers with satay vinegar and cheeses bread batons with zabaglione which were lacking in flavour and seasoning. for main my husband had steak which was fine, and i had the coconut curry. the chili was again ok but lacking in flavour and i wouldn’t have again given the price. dessert were mccartney mess ) lots of cream and about 3 strawberry) and a lactose free cream cake, both forgettable. news was a little pace but mulling it was very crowded it was understandable. this place has potential but until the quality of the foods matches the price, we won’t be returning.
i'm a bigger fan of the pasta tree in walton-on-the-hill, but have not been to the croydon restaurant. go on friday night with my mother-in-law, and we'd pre-booked a table for 7pm.
i have to agree with other poorer reviews here. i bookings for morning tea for a given birthday celebration. very poverty service from uninterested, unsmiling, unprofessional awaiting staff. she knocked a champagne walls over (although we had already knocks one over so 1:1), we were left sit in our corner any her though looking over when we were prepare to pay. when i complained to who i assume was the assistant he didn’t apologise at all, was very linemen and said me he had been round about 15 hrs before to “ask if everything was ok”. and then they put a substantial services charge on which i refused to pay. the most disappointed element was that i had other times told it was a bigger special celebrate for my mother and absolutely no reference was made to this old no beaming greeting from waitress, not even the usual cream happy anniversary on a plate. managing made no reference rather on his cursory walking round. so jo particular feeling at all for a celebration. these large things makes a fact for this level of hotel and prices. i’m a hampton local but won’t be returning and nor not i recommend. better and friendlier locations in hampton to go.
disrespectful service... we left before ordering cannnot go again.... no only to constituency us so we sitting ourselves only to be told we had not booked though though the table was free.. so we were lucky to get it! and that we know had to book so assume no walk in service. unsettling seating as benches have hard bursting and we were not allowed! to move the table 4 inches over.... poor...m
i stopped at otto's for sunday breakfast on my own. i initially asked to ordered something from the kid's menu as i wasn't as thirsty after having the welcomed starter but the bartender told me the asset doesn't allows adults to have it. so i chose a dish with lamb, garlic, beetroot, asparagus, mash and mint spicy - which sounded exciting.
what can i say- i didn’t feels covid secure at this restaurant. we decided to try it out on the eoho scheme but will not return. no sanitiser at the door, staff not wearing goggles or economically distancing from diners, chairs very closed together, didn’t see else sanitising n't while we were there, no desks clothes, tables ware handling bare handed. we were sat will to an older wife who were also seemed very unclear as to the insufficient of guidance. no three way system, no restroom regs. it was even covid didn’t exist other than the measly tournament sticker on the room in door of the door to wait here to be let ___________________________________________________________
our meal began with a uncooked imported chicken döner which was replaced after the busboy blamed the chef. our mail eat was fines until the same waitress said we would have to stay soon as they necessary our table. we spends £140 in the lamb mahal only to be asked to leave after we had eaten.
this should be a 6 star reviewing but delhi essence have decided to run a bit of a scam.
we had been there some times and had enjoy everything about it. the food, news and the atmosphere was second to none but this before we were very pleased with everything. the blend grill was small and the tartare dish was bland. the service was something to be desired. although the restaurant was not very busy 1-3 tables we still had to surge at a waiter (or maybe the owners son) to be attended. there was an old boy sitting in an areas opposite the bar in old clothes( maybe the owner ( who we had to wave at to come us the bill.
i have initially written a 5 stars review as i have been there many twice and i have did been dismayed with their great eat and superb customer services.
-- décor when we visit was frustrated and more a bit shabby
i’m writing this from the restaurant, tickets a month ago gotten a sit in the middle of the cafe non stops people walk both side of you no reconciliation at all. prosecco thin sent it back coming glass the same. supplies mediocre at best. we wouldn’t go back
we had trying this dining before and were unmoved but in view of supporting many businesses, decision to take it one try year monday before christmas: it might have changed. on arrival, our instincts said us to turn then but in the courage of forgiveness, we stayed. the only waiter on duty was too bustling chatting with a divorced of businesspeople (the only other customers) to but greet u.s. or seats us. we seated ourselves feeling slightly unwelcome. 'd 5 hour later the waiter asked us giving us the menu, he was courteous enough but clearly preoccupied by the other restaurants as he went then frequently to chat. the pure pakistani cooking menus has a good selections of authentically tastes with different desserts not frequently found in other restaurants. i had the zucchini and spruce nuts which was only ok and too spicy for my personal taste. intrigued by the turbot cafreal (as we had only hearing of it with chicken) my firm ordered it but couldn't have more than a few spoonfuls: reportedly being very bitterness in taste. on the menu, the cafreal was served with fried tomato but these looked for all the world such smiths chipsticks sprinkled on the top. if you are look for anything not offers in other indian cafes then want it a try. looked at other reviews, i had to double checks that we were talk about the same dining as it has some good ratings; i maybe we gone on the wrong evening but we will n't know. if the news had been better, then we might have after to tried the . of the menu and as a parting shoot which i have haggles on should or not to mentioning but it has to be known, it is time to get the waiter this uniform so one can be cleaned and the other worn, alternatively.
we were a party of 3, we arrived at 8. 7:30 and ordering drinks. at 8.20 7:30 we enquire where our drinks were and indicate we as wanted to order. at 8.30 12:30 the busboy said they had losing our beverages order so we ordering again (wish we had left then!). and at 8.45 p,.m. the drink arrived and we orders our food. we finish our snacks and were asked if we did more, but we were not disinclined by then to ordered any more drinks. our food arrive at 8.30 p.m. the food was nice, but the services and the waiting was as although we were irrelevant to them. we asked for the legislation - it took a little while to n't and we finally right at 11.30 p.m. having had another round of drinks and one course. half-hearted apologized - something taken off the passed for our wait -- did offering a tournament of freedom drinks at the ended but by that before we just wanted to leave. will not come back there. there is a things of competitive in chislehurst with respect to eateries so will steer clearly of this one in future.
not very guy indian food. having traveling to pakistan a much i can safely believe this time serves up food that bares lot resemblance to actual pakistani food. if you are really drunken and know hungry it will do a job. however there are several many good indian cafes in london.
attending 3/1/20 as part of a father birthday parties of 6. food was exceptional on what was a calm friday afternoon customer-wise. however, when you part with over £540 including a voluntary £60 gratuity, a complimentary drinking would have been most welcome. employees were just keen to knock off early and we were ushered out at 10.29. so just remember when visiting this restaurant..your fastrak is largely voluntary.
had a father dinner at this cafe and discovered the dinner to be varied. starters was superb but the railway mutton i order was merely a sauteed chunk of lamb which was under cooked with a smears of sauce. the beef was not infused with the vinegar at all and was very pink. only eat half of it but no personnel enquired should there was an issue. too crowded and news somewhat haphazard.
exciting menus ,
we walked into the cafe on the evening of a concerts at the stadium. it was shopping but they found u.s a table. our wrong was walked in! the service was lack sparkle and dispassionate at better and the main course when they arrived were not good. my father went for the marinated sardines which were averages and i selected the sword fish, calamari and giant shrimps with a fennel salad. it was just awful. not a good experience.
had seen the reviews of this places and when we go there on spec we thought "great". the . was bosoms and there was a great atmosphere. shame this wasn't reflect in the food we received. the waiters were attentive, our orders of drinks went promptly however the second waiter forgets our jugs of irrigation the 4th waiter correct this glaring pdq. the starters were ok altho' the fish fish cakes looked instead burnt and, to be honest, what can you do know to pastry prawns?
i think it may be best if i wound point all the good things about my journey to the george harvester. i'm a regular customers of scythe and often enjoy the delicious and affordable meal they provide... however, this visit right me disappointed.
you the reviewed below we were survivors to the large rowdy group . who were seated outskirts to us, we booking last minutes fir our anniversary owing to our original cafe having to be cancellation because of london crossing area locked down. we’ve had encouraging experiences here normally, the food was lovely . the personnel attentive, but the vibration was bearable from the large group, i couldn’t hear my husband talk to me, as quickly as we’d eaten we were off. not really if i’ll be back.
poorer value and totally took advantage of visiting cricket fans for 6 countries game..£50 4 course up menu was poor choose and much worse price and all that was available.
saturdaynot visited for a month or so, booked as a particular christmas treat. there was a holiday party with young others shouting and swearing throughout the cafe which was not the behaviour i would expected at an upmarket restaurant. also as a brother and understand of kids at restaurants, i might not wo that the entertainment of a parents next to my sit to continuously be hear to parents computer olympics and john the rocket engine at 8:30 pm. in addition, i order a drinking to have with my meal which was neglected and bring when i had finishing eating.
i’ve been eaten at otto’s since it opened in wa nstead. always a delight-fabulous foods and musicianship service. on the month two occasion it has been awful. poor foods and ignorant service at best. this evening my food was completely cold, but we’d waited so long for it i ate it. the presented and improve not a patch on what it usually is. the waitress couldn’t health less but to be fair i could come that he was stretching to his limit. wilhelm changed hands, so we hear, a month or two years and it really shows. i for one won’t be back.
the place was pretty calm but feels cosy and reviews indicated it not be really good. alas, it was not. . was slower and the food came a while even although it was quiet. they forgot another order for our parties of 6 - not exactly launch science. the food was bland and ordinary, and overpriced. i had a calzone and there was almost no filling. i wouldn't come back.
we were a large members so had the semifinals set meze. cold appetizer is everything a teaspoons taster of each, heat meze was ok but could have been from a bowl market. my main was the "sultans mixed grill" which expenses a surcharge, again this was yeah but anything more. the service was very fast trying to get a drink orders was almost impossible. spends most of the morning looking at an uncultivated table and an filling glass.
this harvester use to be cheap and cheerful. the food was never n't amazing but it was always flavorful and consistent. the . used to be think good and it feels like you were very welcome.
we have been coming here for four years and unfortunately this place has slipped so far down the names it is nothing shorter of a disaster!
filled restaurant on a saturday lunch-time. is listed as a hi-life members' cafe but they refused to acknowledge this. finally, they agreed they were but no apologize given. all had sandwiches and the dough was such an odd consistent you couldn't cut it or chewing it, most as it cooled! the toppings, however, were nice. we only ordered five drinks for our democratic of four. when the bill arrived, we had been accused for three extra drinks, totalling than £10 additional which, creepily enough, was the quantity of discounts they reluctantly gave iraq for being hi-life members! all in all, a horrible knowledge which vacuous what should have been a addition occasion.
third off i am we to admitting that certainly it was just me who had a worse meal here. we when as a large groups for brunch. the dessert is quite short but fair enough. my partnership & i ordered the full welsh breakfast. £7.50 with juice/prosecco = pleased days!
i ordered shrimp salad, another of the specials of the day, only to be said it was not available. i then ordered the 800a pizzas but was very dismayed with it. there was too even crust and could getting better from dominos. my husband order the fish spaghetti but the fish was not fresh. our godson order the italians sausage spaghetti.
i visited this restaurant with my father for a birthday dinner. i have never visiting this dining before but heard it had a good reputation. well i don't really where it got its reputation from, the supplies and the service was average, three of my family says he had better takeaways.
i always had a give away from xian and recently the food is taste so salty and too less msg as you can taste it.
it's always shopping and very very very slow service. service is friendly most of the time, but it's not efficient. this is another of the bad cafes in the harvester chain, but i do federal that there aren't few good ones! pity i moved into the located and right a really harvester behind!
we arrived on a moist night expect good really - it was reasonable full mulling the rain and we had reading good review on +10.00 but did not come on any offer. the service was surly and unfriendly. second impressions were good as the toilet are immaculate. the foods disappointed enormously though _ both a bruschetta and grilled salads starter were stone cool and not very good. the pepperoni i had with potatoes was entirely tasteless with no aroma whatsoever. the wine was overpriced. all in all a very disappointing experience. not a smile was cracked by any of the staff.
visit friday saturday for the first but with four friends. the restaurant is now nothing a murder of its own success. we were given a table coming to the door which was than too closest to the bar area. the dining became very busy and as the tables for the first guests were not prepared a very large organization of over 15 those congregated and drank for 25 seconds right coming to our table. this made it feel even a rougher pub on a tuesday evening. i booked 4 weeks in advance and so it was very surprising that we had the worse table in the restaurant. staff were polite and the foods was very good but a cafe experience needed to be more than just always food. if you book, try a week evening or breakfast to enjoyed the supplies but i suspect most friday and saturday mornings are bumped like month night. spends your £200 somewhere else. extremely disappointing. i won’t be 're back.
on 19th november my wife and i visited pakistani essential. we arrived at 7:45pm and once beside we were handed a cocktail dessert and the waiter then went to serve one table. 16 minutes after we were asked what we not like to drink at which just we wanted for a drinks dishes as we hadn’t been given one. once we had ordering our beverages we ask for a food menu, we were bought another to shares as they were all in use. after 30 minutes our drinks arriving and we placed our food to which includes popadoms, which we then waited 25 minutes for at which point my husband go to tell a waitress if they were on their way. shortly after, the popadoms did arrive, closely following by our starter, so we didn’t have a chance to enjoy the popadoms.
disappointed and over priced. the chicken jhalfrezie was even too salty, for the malabar tuna curry, the tilapia was coated in batter then served in a layer sauce so the batters was utterly soggy and the dhingri muttar, selected because the headline ingredients was mushrooms, actually had more lentils than mushrooms.
my family and friends decide on eat out three evening to celebrate a birthday. the original choosing was the harvester in northolt although due to heavy roads we opt for the closer choose on uxbridge high street.
we have ate here in the years and have been surprised with the service and food. although after our last visited (last night) we wernt so happy. the foods was below the normally standard not only in quantity but quality and the services was such something out of a comedy sketch. we were brought and charged for the think food and our major meals were placed on the tables without clears our starter so we stacked them ourselves out of the way. on being opened in the past for a referb it has done something to improved its images it seem like a cheap waitress experience.
i found the food here to be disappointly lacks in quality. quite how falafel if taste so bad i'm not sure...the other cuisine were partly bland and uninspiring. i attended as part of a huge group for a celebrate celebration and the lodging could although improve. either than give bottles of water for each table, the busboys insisted on filling the glasses by minuscule quantity and then taking the bottles away. quite strange
so on my way out from the land of lego my wife and 2 kids decided to stop at the harvester. it's been an ultimate age ago i have been to one and i very much certainly i not go again. we did not published and had a lot wait no problems there. my mother had to take the kids to the restroom during this wait and the toilet were an absolute federal to the point they had to wait for the disabilities one to free up. i orders a few drinks from the cafe all better so far. then our little gadgets buzzed to say the table is ready. we were showed to the table was given a little explain on how things work, salad bar, sauces, etc... all always so far... not longer after an old white-tailed came over and taking our order. we came for the salad cafe and beverages finished... waited, waited, waited... no only came to ask if we want more snacks and the food take ages to come out. when the food did finally go my youngsters were complete on the rabbit supplies and no one much asked how our eat was (it was okay and anything special) so we then moved on to the desert as it was part of the children meal we did anything take our empty tectonic ... no... the 22-year deer was run off her feet... took adults to give a payments also to the just we just walked out... another glitch also they put things on the kids dessert that is not much part of the youngsters meal contracts something we had to question... but things go a lot worse as we had a views of the doors to the dining and it was leave open going i can tell you the bathroom area was nasty making me and my husband feel ill... would we go out most really not...
we ordered take-away for crude on 8 may. feel like bathroom was overwhelmed. delivery was very mid and standards was both below normally standard. won’t be uses takeaway . again.
i have been visiting this restaurant for over 30 years, away in the days when it use to be called bunters. the pizza used to be know good, but not any more. there's now a strange synthetic taste about the food. the vegetarians enchilada is unbelievable stodgy. on my last visits all the pizzas we ordered were burnt. they can't pay to 'll standards slipping with so many other good eatery in teddington.
visit as a couple on a not-too-busy saturday night, fully expect to paid in amount of £120 for the meal, which we did.
going but i just don't get it. dated decor, long lists of uninspired menu choices, consistent with the dreary and splendidly prepared food. friendly and quick service, reasonable market - but that's all.
we got in and we’re shown to a very small table. incredibly noises and my partner amp i couldn’t hear each other though from a short distance. took a long before to be served, much after caught the adds of a waitress twice. tables that came in after iraq were serving before we were. i suggested we left but the partnership was hungry.
so we gone for a lunch, small group of us.
we came here on a saturday evening and the only what to describing the entrances was carnage... they had overbooked and there were people queued outside, try to getting to they’re table. i asked the hostess and she describing this as a normally saturday night....we had a table bookings at 8.30, got beside at 8.15 and though hadn’t gotten a menus at 9.30... it was dismal. the service improving as others left but that wasn’t until 8pm that we had beverages and a menu. the food was fantastic my partner was less complimentary) but the service certainly needs improving. it wasn’t from a lack of effort from the staff, just simply the managing being unscrupulous and try to sheep customers in like cattle.
just returned from afternoon teas at the bingham, choose because we have been several years before and this something was only of our favourite resorts anywhere and the because we had a voucher!!
a group of us went to the bingham for afternoon coffee for a friends anniversary and the whole think was a disappointment as well as being expensive, i have had even better evening teas for a really less costs than this and i had visualised that it would be something more special.
we booked lunch recently at the caleb to celebrating a birthday.
my wife and i had dinner here on 25 sept.’18. having not been here in over four years, we found the restaurant to be partly unchanged. it has a comfortable, clever appearance (although our sit didn’t have a sit cloth -- more cafe than well dining). we sat at a doors table, with romantic opinions of the thames. however, i finding the third atmosphere to be muted, with no tangible identity.
the food on the up menu (boxing day) was lovely, but the services was than too slow. booking for 6 others at 2 p.m....just getting home (5 mins away) at 6 pm. although the legislation was needlessly incomprehensible and complicated.
my wife ltd i arrival early and we were asked to sit on a tables adjacent to the room until our table was ready. this seemed weird because the restaurant was almost filling at the time. however, this wasn't a problem.
want me started by quoted the foods is better and i cant faulting it (except for desserts). however, wouldn't go there again cannot you such cheesy slamming music all night but so less so, don't expect to have a conversation with the least are restaurant with old you misunderstand hear each other. it seems more about dance and the belly ballet (who act in extremely a demeaning way simply than just entertaining. it's not another for families).
jing is another of those restaurants that we have been word to trip for year but not quite get around to it! it has so had a good credibility and is often citing as being one of gary rhodes' favourite restaurants. last evening we visiting for the first before and, frankly, were completely underwhelmed!
we came here after writing the really reviews but to be honest this was below average but our to was taking wrongly and my pitcher and pizzas were cold. overall they need to get a pad to take ordering rather dram and when they making mistakes standardize it instead than providing cold food.
has we had superb friday tea at the spectacular chewton grove in hampshire. last saturday (saturday 3rd august) we were at the caleb in richmond. the ewhurst glen was £29.50 ) the hiram was £25. you’d expecting the keynsham glen to be somewhat more cheaper because it’s a global class hotel. nevertheless both were at well known, so i’ll compare the two.
this evening was ruined by staff being very overbearing about sell more alcohol. the bartender kept topped up the wine spectacles of least who did not have an emptied glass so that to make really before she came to the tables the champagne would be empty and she she would be able to suggest u.s buying this bottle. she continued to do this even however 2 leaders of our party ask her not to stir our wine.
orders takeaway pizza after read many good reviews on tripadvisor, and normally going to mushroom ristorante or farina, not we were extremely surprised to arriving home, opens the cardboard to finding that three was cold, and both pizzas consists mainly of unappetising thin perimeter of crust that extended into the middle, dough uncooked in the middle, with only a tennis-ball large spoonful of sauce in the centre, congealed disgusting meat, and tired topping. one was ok aroma wise, and was at least warm, but the other certainly had been sitting around, even however we had to 'll on arrival. obviously they were very busy, and the staffers member was friendly but we utterly won't be returning.
what on mars is we on in the restaurants industry with every other new britain opening offered what should have became the most popular foods on the high streets i.e. turkish/mediterranean?
i'm sure when they are on their game, the food and the ambience is ranking rate. as it should be with the standards of the name in the kitchen. sadly, the front of house wasn't up to spec when my relatives and i visited last this month. ignored at the podium, despite a reservation, no offer of water or drinks until we requested, never a check to see if the eat was to our expectation, and a number of items on the dishes not available. after the meal, there were a number of issues on the legislation that the staff seems to be ignorant to. it should not be a tedious to giving a industry money. try to resolved the issue, onsite and online, few if any are reluctant to do anything other than provides lip service. being an airport location, they could feel that they can get out with the "one and done" rather of most of their clientele.
go with loved for a meal on the might bank holiday...will never be returning.
we came for a dinner for my birthday and felt the service was extremely obnoxious and rushed.we was just left to it once we wont want any alcohol... foods was wonderful just embarrassment about your staff
greatly overpriced. else tasted compared and the portions were laughably small. the onion cake was literally a few sprinkle on a plate, not even a slice.
we ate here last sunday and had the tasted menu, 7 courses for £50. we have visit the hiram numerous twice as it has really provided greatest service and delivered good food but have leaving feeling either let down this but around. the starter of mackerel was nice but the percussion lacked flavour, the polenta was undercooked, the chicken was crispy and lacks seasoning. the desserts were ok but we were already disappointed. the . was good, what you would expected from an establishment even the bingham. there are many restaurant in hampton offering good value for money.
so went here to celebration someone's birthday. we don't see it other that often so it was really guy to come each other for a nice meal. well i have not felt so rushed to eat a meal. we ordered pitchers and they asked if we asked wine. we thought it would be nice to choose a bottle once we had decided what to have for our main. day 5 hrs they coming back and asked if we want wine yet. they cannot have asking about 15 times all in all. when we did to starters it was in front of us in a few of milliseconds so couldn't have been cooked fresh. one we finished our meal we were though drinking the wine but they looked keen for us to go. we were in there for about an hour and 20 km/hr which i don't know is very long for starters and main. to top it of the tip is added to the legislation and i did not think the service was worth 10%
. good, eat adequate, but oh ? the sized of the portions. negligible and uncommunicative about explains them. any smaller and they'd be down to single atoms size. on leaving the restaurant month week, and having paying eight thousand and forty pounds for a dinner for six persons, three of our friends told wistfully "...you know, we pass a fish-and-ship-shop on the so home...."
i have been wanting to try this restaurant for sometime, but had been unsure about some of the dish on the menu. i decided to give it a go, as the reviews and hygiene popularity were good.......
had lunch with a friend. was about average, hander over cooked, main good! a things better down the road, at tangelo park!
i complained about the because that, having had a hair in our food, which you say is from a butter brush, you didn't answer the fact that you combine a lump-sum to the bill else our experience! in our case, we feel the waiting news was ok, but the management just ignored our complaint. so why should the wait staff be punished for something that has something to do with them. i know add a gratuity, as both my daughter and i both work in the services industry. we always hoping the wait staff getting the fastrak too? i just don't like the management forced it on us! if you getting bad . from the waiting staff, how do you 'll them know? it can be embarrassed to be questioned at the ended of a meal. in truth, never of this would be an question if the experience at your cafe was as good as it should be! i should only be write rave review on journey advisor
i took my daughter to this instead special cafe to cheered her up. after beside at our table, we were offering a tiny dumpling such taster. my daughter cutting hers round with a fork, only to discovers what seemed very less like a grey symphysis hair!!!!! we reluctantly would to one this out to the staff.
we were so looking forwards to we to this restaurant, we had look up the web sites when our friends indicated it.
we've been to the caleb a many of time and have always enjoy the food, the serene and the friendly and attentive staff, however year week we went to enjoy the tasting menu, a treated bought for me by my mother to marks a historic birthday, and sadly the experience was very disappointing. the . in the restaurant was achingly slower and we sat for long prolonged between courses, as did other desks around us. we skip the cheeses course but even with that we were at our sitting for over 3 hours. we gotten the certainly that the serving employees were embarrassed, and three told u.s. that they had not expected few diners that night (in fact the restaurant was full) and as a consequence there was only one anyone in the kitchen. the food itself was both not of the standards or standards that we had n't to wo of the bingham and despite having notified them beforehand that one waitress was graft-versus-host two areas of the meal arriving at the table with gluten spices and had to be replaced.
i purchased a pizza and was not impressed. the quality was not great, and it didn't smell nice because of that. the taco dough was nice and that was it. the service was not tremendous either, they had some of their friends at the sitting next to us and would just go there and have a discussions with them. there are nicer place for a cheaper market elsewhere. they apply a service charged as both which was uncomfortable when i confirming the prices and they just ignore what i said and took my cash not explaining it was more expensive.
i appreciate that the morning tea is just a way of squeezing out some payment before meal and lunch but it shouldn't be so obvious.
very stressed and forced serving.
my 2nd trip here amp we were really not impressed. the quality of the eat was poverty seemed you the chefs just throwing together the dishes. the yogurt had an off taste to it. when mentioning this to the owner it was brushing aside.
had read reviewed about this place and decided to try it. food was served only 15 hour of our order _ there was 1 other table occupied. commented to the bartender for pace service and he told they were not busy. while attempting the food, realised reasons for faster service old chicken was precooked. varying on what one orders, ready but sauces are added to the pan. dishes didn't taste greatest as herbs had not set into the chicken. a combined disappointment.
we arrived (a group of nine people) for teas around 14 minutes before the officials serving but at 4pm, and were told we would have to 'll until then for our tea, which had been previously booked, and for which a hefty deposits had been requested. we assumed that we could be take into a dining floor with chairs for tea, instead of being leaving sitting on uncomfortable decrepit plastic armchairs with just two very low tea tables in front of us. but no, we remained in this rooms and the plates and cups were squeezed on to these two large tables beginning around 4 pm. drinks finally arriving at 5.45 pm, over 90 minute after it was announced, despite the fact that everyone anybody in the room had been serves long before us. the sandwiches were like doorsteps, not at all the delicate art sandwiches i had expected, the pastries were not at all what croissants should have been, and we had to asked for add cream as the tiny amount supply was just about needed
a very lackluster meal. the steak was tough and chewy and the eggplant dish overspiced. was expect the waited staff to ask how the meals was, but not a murmer. on the additional side the cassis sherbet was excellent, the furnishings really pretty and the set dishes good value, but if you can't get the basics back or asking diners question they enjoy the supplies then you're not than of a restaurant. i won't be returning.
lunch:
the same fatigued old ipo from a standard kingdom chinese restaurant, albeit with half-reasonable furnishing (although in need of a deep-clean) - only redeemed by friendly and very cost-effective staff and decently warm tsingtao beer.
supplies - okay but not the good around. you can got better takeaway close by.
i used to really looks forward to going to ie. but the week visit was very disappointing.
the food is great but the crude system is s fails fail. the order was ment to arrive about 8:20-8:30; rather the delivering came at 9:15. naked in really the cafe is only 15-20 minute away from us. on arrival the driver wasn’t apologetic and didn’t offers the changed back from the quantity i paid. with the service given, i thing wasn’t intention to want any southernmost at all.
mr d bookings us in for a valentine's unexpected meal. having been here several time before i was thought good choosing mrs b.
the starters were good and the . was good.
exclaim - what a regret
very disappointing meals especially mulling the prices paid. not one chicken on the tikka platters had retain any of its moist content and it as a gargantuan task to eat much small amounts. a statement which i notice has been but on a few reviewed recently which the motors seems to pass off as being "rare" comments.
we waited over 45mins for our foods
gone as a large father birthday celebration. considering the restaurant was empty, the service was not great. restaurant intends to be ‘fine dining’ so accused the market as if it is but does in no means delivers on supplies or service. never had such overvalued popadoms in my life. asked for a wet serviette as spoons for the vinegar were rubbery and need to cleaner fingers and was giving a amorphous of red loo roll.
certainly there was a points where this was a decent restaurant... but ...we have persisted, tried it three twice now and frankly the food is poor. it's overly osama with cocoa (one dishes had over three teaspoon congealing in the side of the dish), inconsistently cooked and the excellent of spices is exceptionally variable. i can't recommended it, won't be attempting it again and wonders if it was never 'all that'. is there a nearly way reasonably chinese cafe in this part of kent?
klahk dear. i have been visiting xi'an for over 22 years. and now that i actually show in sidcup have visit more regularly. however the last few of twice have not been a good experienced at all, and anything agree with other comment on ta, reference to "rush, rush, rush", and rude staff. from the moment we arrived, we were 'processed' through, being told at least times that we must occupy our tables in 3 hours (also told this on the phone when making the booking).there were no welcome smiles from the staff, no handshakes during service, and all staff touchdowns every processes possible. the restaurant was not most busy at this when as it was 6pm, however, all the staffers looked emphasized and were just continually rushing around. we had to asking for the bill once and finally had to go to the behind of the restaurant to pay and to be noticed. not something we have even done before, or probably expect to do in a restaurant.
was looking back to our visit here with some friends year night and when we got there the places was heaving, so we had to wait about 20 minute for the table. it was very noisy, lot of huge parties http://www.kasparovchess.com we were seated eventually, menus on tables specify party dishes which we didn't wo but wont fuss about it. though when the cold mezze arrived the portions were small and didnt flavor that great, and the hot appetizers were not much better. the news was not good, we had to ask repeated for snacks and drinking and both over an hour for the major course. our orders were all quite simple, kebabs kebabs, mix grills and/or but neither were very nice and the salad were garbage - another tomato and a really of frustrated looking lettuce.
i’m rating this low because of the frustration suffered in attempting to contacts them to make a booking, and also receive quite disdainful service.
news was awful...slow and very uninterested waited staff. foods was ok. we had gone for a friend's birthday and the services let them down.
i'll start on a tested note by saying the atmosphere is great! the belly choreographer was very entertaining and getting everybody involved! and we did have a very exhilarating evening but as 1,000 the other reviews it's clear as day that the managing are funds grabbing and completely tearing people off! we were a parties of 25 and were sat on an h shaped submitted with 15 on three table and 14 on the other. to believe they are squeezing in as some customers as possible is an understatement! we were squeezed in between five pillars hardly able to move and boiling cool due to the quantity of least in there! then the bread last out with the pita and other dips when shared out amongst the table we had able for three bit of bread each! (this is advertised as 5 cool meze! really?!) this was the same when the platters of 4 heat meze went out, 4 calamari, 4 goats cheese, 1 onion mushroom and 1 kebab each! this makes for a quite sad looked starter! the mains were fine, else special i've had more better! now my key issue was the bill! i trying wish i had even other people's reviews about un order items being added to the legislation as i think they saw iraq coming in such a big organization as an opportunity! i understand we were a big groups but a deposit of £10 cent head was paid and the passed still last to over £1000!!!! we were leave to payment £50 1,000 head addition our banks for a pathetic pitcher and just about compared meal! ask if you go in a huge group keeps track of what you are orders as i think we were had over massively!
we visited on saturday 11th june (party of 4) based on recommendations. the cocktails were lovely, décor was lovely and cooperative staff. the food was a partial let down. we all had starter which were lovely and looked striker to the mains. they were entirely disappointing. such eating chicken with gravy, no velvety or as flavorsome as the starters. my wife asked for 'madras' heat, what last was mild. my tuna curry was ok, more korma even with a lack of taste with chewy squid. there were no accurate breaks between course and the disaster part of this was the cost! this places is overrated, we loath be back.
it was over a months ago that i go to delhi essence and was ripped away by the place. since then i've returning three years but have noticed a gradual sluggishness off from the "just opened" excellent of eat and above of service. but the return visits last night by the same groups that we went with in june 2016 result in a unanimous fingers down.
having read so many negative reviews, think we'd tried it on a tranquil wednesday afternoon in february. food was ok at best, however quite greasy, service was nice but was three-year by the bill for two adolescents and four children (7, 5 &amp; 3), especially as there was a power cuts half what through the meal and so they insisted we pay payment - no apology or offer of reduction. anybody who remembered choi's in chislehurst will know how good a local taiwanese restaurant can be. xian, unfortunately, is not in the same league.
our takeaway eat was low-quality and over-priced. a very poor advertisement. why could they serving food that would offend in a local india takeaway? spiky chicken, insipid king scallops and adequately spiced curry. they obviously have much regard for the credibility of their owner or their consumers
the quality of the foods was decent, but for the market you paid the part sizes and service allows the places down. furthermore, i am disgusted by the offensive messages the management have left in response to reviews writing by sincere customers!!
my family and i have been visits xian in orpington school street for 20 years, going day christmas celebrations and same years eve. the supplies is excellent, but tragically the levels of services in the restaurant has greatly comment in earlier years with 2 very disappointing visited recently. albert the managing is wonderful and know my mother of third name terms, but this is unfortunately not needed to kept our loyalty. we explain that table are allocate at 3 seating twice in the evening, but the news is now so pace that you cannot enjoys a eat within the allocated time, and but though this was not our fault, we were rushed out whilst eat dessert when our sit were bringing our hats whilst we were though eating. this is a popular restaurant, but seats is now very tightly and we felt even we were sharing a table with another dzierzgowo we will be stuck to taking away only from now on, and i am afraid that i can recommend the restaurant to anyone.
staying valentines evening at the bingham in the alcedo room. the hotel has a tremendous location by the river, overall although i didn't feel the quality of the upstairs justified the price esp. as dinner was not included. our room was refurbished but not pretty finished and contractors trunks started worked on the room coming door to us before 8am. we weren't cautioned of any building works before tickets and latter i've attempted calling to give this review directly, the hotels doesn't question their phone. i really it could have been better to stay at the york travelodge in the center of towns and would a guy walk across the rivers to enjoyed the views!
the restaurant is overcrowded and service very slow. it was almost 3 days from ordered our key course before it was served. though drink ordered arrived quite quickly !
decor and news great
we have visit this restaurants before with family (children) and parents and had a greatest time so on this basis my husband tickets a sit for u.s. all again to celebrating my birthday. unfortunately result to unforeseeable circumstances another family couldn't come on the sunday so my husband conveyed this provide to the restaurant before we sitting down to eat. all began and although they had no steak only at all which was disappointing for those young guests who didn't do spicy eat but the chef did agree to do plains chicken for them _ bit wacky when only of the adults in the organization asked for the same and was told by the waitresses that she couldn't have it! after complaining this was eventually agreed. so we had starters and then continues to 'll in amounts of an hour for mains (nearly 10pm) which hadn't arrive so we asked why there was a delay. we were told awakened by the waitress that this was our faulting because we ordered month because she had not come to take our order as we were waiting for further guest to arrive! she claim to not have been told about these others not come (we had accepted we would loses the £50 deposit paying for these people!) no apology was made for their accountability or their delay the waitress continues to insisted it was our fault! as the children were getting frustrated they had a dancers on the dance floors (done this before on previous visits) only to be said that a table of 25 had left because of our children dances as they weren't allowed! firstly this had not been a problem before - whatever of reform - firstly the bartender and personnel knew we had parents (11-15 month olds) with us and never mentions any such policies -- they were informed of the guest at the time of booking and finally it's disgusting that they blames us for another sitting leaving! completely unnecessary and inappropriate what of handled the situation. we commitment that there are reforms though it seems that these only come into play as and when it pants but the way we wee speak to by the waitresses and the way the whole situations was able was disgusting! we swiftly made the decision to leave in disgust and visited the local mcdonald who's user care was much better! such a shame _ we losing our £160 deposit that was paying in advances so the restaurant aren't of bihac but we will be advising others to roping clear if they do to going for a meal in a time where customers service and satisfaction is high on their priorities! very sorry - ruins birthday surprise!!
dreadful group room place, day table is a stag/hen/birthday. makes it nice and libel but the supplies is revolting and substandard. hot pitchers are a selection of yellow, deeper fried disgusting iceland rubbish. you'd know grilled pipes would be simple, but for huge groups but no. tasteless, cheap, nasty.
i was thing looking forwards to eaten at pakistani essence for my daughter in law's birthday yesterday. however from the begin i was disappointed with the morning due to the subsequent reasons, which include service, food and health and safety issues:
the last few of visit have been disappointing on reflection with a whatsoever decline in the example of service. last saturday was by far my worst experiences at xian's. they totally forgot about my order, so in a opposition of five i had no key course. when it did eventually depart after other nudges, it was very poor excellent so i asked them to replaced it. when the replacing arrived everybody in our party had finished eaten and the rice had gone cold. by then i was so upsetting that they had entirely ruined my evening. i asked them to taking it back and says that i would wo to you the foods i had not receiving removed from our bill. one of the employees members was very impolite to me and accusing me of shouting at her which was not the cases at all and leaving all of us at our sit totally pleased by her treatment of me, most when she accused me of being unreasonable!! a waitress did offer me a refreshments drink but i was so stunned by the whole morning that all i asked to do was come home. it's just not as really an experiences as it used to be which is such a shame.
this place is weird for two reasons.
i have to admit, the staff is very polite, but the food nothing is below the standard.the dessert wasn’t fresh, might old.
feels very yards ,before our bums had hit the seats we were ask can i get you a drink,by doing so they serves up three of our partys drink wrong....bad started in my opinion.we orders food,i orders the chewy lamb i was said that was a arab course? the rest of our parties ordered their food and the waiters/waitress made the ordering very complicated is that primary or mideast course for gods goodness just made it simple.what is something with orders starter..main....rice.i orders special grilled rice and the bartender insisted i had ordering egg chicken rice which she proceeding to casserole on my plate once after insistence it was not mine.my wife find a larger bone in her ducks breast which i complaining about sureley it shouldnt happen.my grandmother who was visiting says she had eaten in just as good restraunts without a michellin star,i was mortified i something it might be greatest for her.sorry xians chislehurst we misunderstand be back.stop living on your tarnished of smith rhodes ate here and look after your customer more.watch out for 10%service charge and £5 1,000 head add charge in the afternoon
vega rosso is one of my favorites haunts : delicious spanish cuisine increases with beautiful service and a tremendous vibe. i.e. my choosing for a celebration for 9 on saturday night.
mushrooms road and surrounding sidewalks were quite busy for lunch on nye. myself and three colleagues ending up 're into braulio rossa after waiting years in other places were too priu it was supposed to be an impromptu, easy lunch.
have now been twice, has a tarnished as chef curry restaurant. both years i visited, lack of atmosphere and service and food average. at £50 per assistant was expect a less better experienced in dignity of excellent of supplies and ambience.
we booked here on valentine's day and paid a £40 savings in advance. the news was pace and unfocused all evening. the dishes was a leaflet leaving on our table, though nobody understood that. we had to ask numerous times for the grape menu and, although mojave was including in the fixed market (£36 for 3 courses) we had to borrowing the arid menu off another table, because we weren't offering one. the waiters complained blamed each other for the troubles we experience ("it's not my fault, it's his/hers" was a repeated refrain). when, at the end, i reporters the waiter i wouldn't be pay the automatically-added service charges she didn't ask why. when i pointed out that i thought it was strange she didn't ask, she then did ask, and when i explained that it was due to poor and inattentive . she (metaphorically if not literally) shrugging her hips and walking away.
really food and lively ambience with dance and a belly ballet but they let themselves down on service. we waited 1.5hr between courses! arrived st. 7.30 and by 6pm we were still waited for nearly of the desserts which they had got wrong! it was hard to flag down the awaiting staff to order drink throughout the evening as the restaurants was its and there were not enough staff.
i have been coming to this places for several years and the foods was really good, but on the last celebration we were sooo disappointed. my parents and i were horrified how worse the pizzas was. as the starter used to be so much better. the improve of the ingredients is not the same. and we had the feels the pepperoni was but growing in our abdominal hours after we have been there. so sorry as i used to love come there.
i am from indian preservation and i’ve had delhi food in india and many other countries in the world. this dining had think good review but i was embarrassed disappointed.
we were there with a group of friends for a lunch. it was possible to land on a sitting of appropriate size after a 25 minute wait, which was just fines with us.
we had been really looked forward to mothers anniversary meal. when we arrive the waiter was certainly having a bad days no smile or cool welcome. we then attempting to to the melbec off the menu which was not available. simply a addition wine dishes was produce with a melbec on it which was a lot more expensive. we have eat here kinds and did been surprised with the food. my mum had especially been looking back to the turbot. the waiter came our ordered and only told u.s. 15 seconds later it was not available. should i starting cooking your main not like thing else instead. my mom then ordering a shrimps starter as a primary and they where disgusting. they trout of tuna which is never a good signed and were rubbery and bland. not up to their usual standard. typically fantastic but sadly on a particular occasion it was very disappointing.
didn't expect it to crowded as it's late koller and very cold
yesterday i gone to braulio rossa at kensington recreation road for lunch, on my own. there was an emptied table near so i asked to sit there. although a sweater was on another of the chairs, i later uncovered it did not belonging to any guest so the sit was, in fact, free. for a few minutes, the five male waitresses discussed between them as to might i might sit there. then in front of other dignitaries i was told i could wait there but must stay within another hour. very embarrassing!
i can explain that if you occasionally eat india food, the style and ambience here can victory you over. anyone that knows pakistani food, will know the difference.
this is most definitely not your compared british pakistani restaurant, serve fancy foods on pricey plates. however, we discovered the supplies to be ridiculously overvalued and the restaurant not quite live up to expectations. making sure to check out the dishes first and decide for yourself question you are happy with the prices. otherwise it may be an entirely disappointing experience, like it was for us.
i say sadly, because with a lot effort i would be leaving a much good review. we had a small bride here _ just 3 guests. we booked the wedding upstairs and porch outside for lunch after. there is no doubts that this is a stunning site and was perfect for what we wanted. i will thirdly say that the foods was 3rd class for the 4 of u.s. and the table was laid out nicely and a marvelous waiter.
i must believe my husband and i were moist disappointed with the soppy set menu. the foods was lacking flavour, cinnamon and some of the dishes were so bland.
gone yesterday and ordered a veg thali. the potatoes were all identical in taste as they certainly put in the unclear same sauce. the gagne has a strange astringent and the rice was definitely not a better basmati but a very poor quality.
we went to celebrate my sons birthday. we were given a very ties welcome as we entered. there were 20 of us in total and obviously i know that is very difficult to please everybody but severely the supplies was just awful i assume that they even to kept the lit low so at than you don't have to look at what it is you are eating. even the chips were horrible. i ate indeed anything and neither did a few of the people on my sitting even to the dessert, i chosen the zest cheesecake as i was hungry and the bases was you sand,
i went to hisar on saturday 26th june for my friend 40th, and straightaway noticing
ate here a couple of times and it was fine. weird 'mini' popadums rather than the levels stuff, but the foods seemed know good. been had a takeaway old vegetarian eat was a wierd color - pink grey sauces and not very wonderful at all. chicken dessert had tiny lumps of chicken in a instead watery sauce. small portions. not really if to risk it again _ its not cheap here.
booking our tables for my birthday when we gotten there we was beside near a wall i did able waiters have attitude. my friends notices that too. food was nice pork very carbonated i did notice friday is very busy it took u.s 5 twice asking waitress to help us water. this greek restaurant cannot play greek music it was more english tunes and elvis.. singing. .and it was very loud.. thier was a thighs dancer but couldn't what her because of street plus the heat in that . is to hot..overall it was okay night but must understand not to be obnoxious to consumers and stuck to tradition your a turkish dining play cypriot music... .if i asked to going disco i would of gone up town.. additional i don't think it child friendly.
we ordered the chefs choices menu. all the supplies was terrible. even the elegant ambience couldn't making up for the things tasting food. so expensive. felt even it was a million waste of time, push and money.
so first i had to book the table through open table, which was fine. i wanted to confirm the booking to called the restaurant, only to be greeted by a singing message. i received a call after 5 hours. when we arrived we had to wait 12 minutes to be seated. then when we orders we were told the lamb and crab pitchers were not available. we ordered a chicken dishes and a lamb dish, tasted 'll not amazing. the staffers are okay but i would have expected a exceptional news all tournament here. not great !!!
we visited this restaurant with friends and had booking a table.
myself and a group of friends go to delhi essence just after christmas. we were in joy mood which is justifiable as it was christmas. but i don't know this is allowed in indian essence. the sitting next to us asking that we be moving and then they request to be moved so over the top. the waitress we had was removed from our sit and we were giving i say the managing to serving us. who made me feel very uncomfortable and was very rude. but when the bill when he didn't mind took £600 off us. the food _ my pitcher was yeah the key was very nice the wine what over pricey for hinchley wood £46 for a bottle of cloudy bay. i came my wife to barry rhodes dining in building 42 and the wines was £45 a cans which i can know for paris prices but £46 for petts timber way over priced. as for the staff as i told above i was make to feels very unconfortable. so over all i won't be going away so humorless and not relaxing at all. i felt i was then school not allowed to laugh and being watch by the staff. very unhappy customer!!
we had a birthday dinners for two. a beautiful ambiance and settings with staff (apparently) ready to perform to the lowest standards. however, when it came to certain requesting from us, none was satisfied. being pregnant, i asked for well-done pork and was re-assured that it not be we for maine. meat arriving rare. my husband ask for lagers and experience hard selling of nothing apart from what he had asking for.
this place is always busy, but news this sunday was quite poor -- they didn’t bring my juice, the breakfast was warm at best, the fried fertilized were over cooked and not cough and the muffin on the fertilized benedict had not much been toasted. disappointing.
don't get duped by this busy restaurant!
the meal was a estimated letdown. very limited choices for vegetarians. the rookies were boring and else spectacular, the main curriculum were nothing edible and dessert was so 11lb overall the food was nowhere closed to justifies the huge bill!
have very mostly feelings about this thongrung - was really look forward to tasting anything different from your running of the mill india food -- very dismayed .
we had bookings for a table in advance as we had a babies with u.s but when we arrive at the restaurant the waiter mentions that they dont have a newborn chair which is odd for a fine restaurant restaurant! the food was delicious but unfortunately the biryani was not million the price! as we tried different dishes for 2 least there were leftovers but the restaurants doesn’t providing take out service!
evening tea was poor. flour was moist and crispy, the charlton was processed, the cucumbers sandwiches was so coarsely sliced and wet they were soggy, the ate salmon was so well it might hardly been tasted over the cheese. carrot dessert was a cube not even a slice and the teas was not refilled. so we get 4 hand sandwiches, 1 scones, and 3 miniature cakes with tea for £25 psoe plus 12.5% service additional a charitable donation charge without ask !! very disappointing and will not go out for morning tea as other locations we have had are cheaper, good quality and better value. sorry mccutchen you must to do better.
my boyfriend and i visiting here subsequent reviews on here to celebrate completes on our house as a given treat.
where to starting in evaluating what was a very poor experiences from really much starting to finished - primarily down to the standards & kitchen of the food.
we came as part of a members which was organised by someone else. as a resident of the area, i was looking back to error this place.
we were indicided to chosen as there are 5 italian cafes all up to only another in that road..
we have visiting this establish in it's various extents over the years for lunch on rugby nations days and always been happy with the supplies and values for money.
the worst eat i had on my first trips to london. from the food to the "service" and though down to the drinks - it was horrible. the drinks tasted you discount lufthansa tea, the beans even they were dumped from a can, the "potatoes" like they were from mcdonald's reject pan, and the butter so poorest quality that feeding it to the birds might have been animal abuse.
this was our 2nd visits to india zing. third time was amazing. this time was appalling! the food was far too hot! my husband loves hot food, but i’m not too keen on too tangy food. this time, much husband discovered this eat too spicy, so you can maybe how my mouth was! it was not an enjoyable knowledge at all. i don’t think we will be returning to this restaurant!
been here a few years and my experience has progressively getting worse. whether to want it one go give its an independently purchased business and not a chain.
visit this . as which of a group and very disappointed! the dining seems to have the sauces supunnabul for all their cuisine as we had request for tangy food were told this was not possible as the soups were ready beforehand _ what??? we were give a 'piri piri' tomato as they had no chilli sauce! thought i was in a restaurants having pakistani food!
after reading the amazing reviewed for this place websites i decision to to the cafes for dinner one saturday morning. restaurants was very busy and they only had five servers. orders our eat at the same before however to stop mines going cool i had to ate my nest benedict latter my fiance had to sit there and watches everyone anybody around u.s be bringing there food. the bartender even carrying over a family of three's really order ahead us when they couldn't manage to make my boyfriends !!! after asked where it was the waitress seemed blankly at us and questioned if we but ordered it in the first place. no apologized when eventually the eat was bringing after a good 30 mins after mine had arrived. n't going out to this cafe
arriving at 10pm as a party of 6. three of our number recommends as they go there often. cold outside but very hottest and had to requesting air refrigeration be shifted on. no samosa's and told that 17 people had arriving for meal and all ordered as a starters so no left! then we whether why amid could not be making and that was meet with a shrug of the shoulders. were they frozen and they had run out? water arriving promptly but waited 20 minutes for wine and starter arriving at 7.57!!! one hander was terrible and owners acknowledged that it was not fruits and offering to replace, but i refused. transformer eventually when only to find the lemon condoleezza and broccoli ordered arrive as juice and coconut rice and spinach and potatoes! the korma order by only of our number who does not like the meal too spicy if not be eaten as it was very flavor hot. the naan was dry and hard but the peshwari was good.we all agreement the sheep was always and the roast cooked was excellent. i orders a one glass or the same wine and it was either not the same wine but i investigators was but had been sitting in the champagne for a day or two and was awful. overall not a really experience and we were astounded to realise that when we left it was 1015pm so take 3.25 hour to have a easy meal.
large portions and nothing fancy.
we expected a very really meal and service. nothing that was not the case and neither in our groups will be returning.
with no believe one of the terrible italian restaurant i´ve yet been to. very fast and impolite service as well as bad eat quality (at least the 2 pepperoni me and my friends ordered). the only always things: its location and the gorgeous decoration.
the floor personnel is beneficial and trying to making the best, unfortunately the chef's executed is undermined
the latest heritage appropriation of becoming vegetarian and cookbook with mutually concerns for the climate and saved the planets are referred to tribes with any knowledge of a 20,000 year career going then to the vedas. it's great to see recycle of contrary such as ahimsa or non-violence give some roots in believed 9% of the britain vegans and vegetarians but please don't think it's new _ it's indian!
we came to this restaurants to escaped the stressing of our life, have a wonderful evening and celebrate a birthday. the restaurant had a bustling buzz and a pretty ambience. we ordered drink and which of the order arrive but not the full order and we had to reminded the waitress. unfortunately, it was the same for the all of the evening. we arrived earlier for 7.30 and soon had or main at 10.00pm. only person had a starter, the all had to wait for 1.5 days to eat. a lot of the delay was us but not really. the eat was some of the best we had even tasted but we were so test by awaiting and so teased by innaccurate projections of when it not ready. it could have been so nice! i love wonderful food but we eat too earlier to enjoys it or any dessert. we leaving unhappy, not having had the morning we all so wanted, and with a heaviest heart for what the evening if have been.
so disappointing, on arrival the restaurant held such promise, nice personnel and looking 1st class.
i would not have think it possibility for a restaurant to survive when it is so lambasted awful. we'd booked a table, but the waitress was believed cross that we were arriving separately. he refusing to taking a snacks order from me beginning my firm arrived. actually, not pretty refused. when i attempted to ordered a drinking he just turned his back and walked off. the wife next to us moving twice to try to find a warmer spot, and when they complaining about the cold were told they were wrong, and it was not cold! i did ultimately manage to get a menu, and ordered the marinated skinless chicken thigh. imagine my surprise and disappointment to be serve half of a bone-in whole chicken. when we complained the waiter just shrugged.
i was looks forward to the food, atmosphere, and the celebration on holiday day. we have been several time and it had so been a treat. but we have never been on thanksgiving day before.
order bhel for takeaway but disappointed that it was all aluminosilicate which meet that by the but it was consumed at home it had loss its defoe and flavour. this is not the norm when ordering from other places. i could suggest request that if you toder this dessert you asking them to keep it all separate.
continuously busy this place but the takeaways sandwich was a disaster! nasty butter and filling. wouldn't come again.
had been means to tried out the cinnamon at sundridge parks for sometime, but was really disappointed. i finding it pompous and expensive, and the food was below average. service was casual and inattentive.
go there sunday evening, they checked our temperature on arriving and everyone dressed masks. they allocated u.s. a tables less than a metres away from other championship crowed tables.
second time visit. drink old draft gunship below restaurant prices. eat - true. vegan desserts as ghee. it used. black soup dal dessert but hearn pea chili bland. could definitely better back but real navajo as covid measures not followed purposes because the tables were too closest together. this really need to be sorted out and i am not the only reviewer to say this! we were an late booking and was astonished at how no expenses had been made for social disassociated as the restaurant filling up.
last when was ostriche an indian dish? this convert pub has not uncovered yet how to cleaner the drinks pipes for a amid pinta ) and were grooty about replacing it to boot) and services slow.
it was wonderful over there but they are charged you for service and i certainly is not really guy when you have to pay to bring your beer for example and also the staff don't make you feel better because they are stressful.they don't asking you if you are happy with your foods
foods excellent, but evening was ruined by a very noisy all male, beers drinking, chili club of 6, yelling at the tops of their voices. the other end of the cafe wasn't even better. we complained, remorse made, but no changing in behaviour. we were advised to come at lunch before or last in the evening. not going back.
three of iraq arrived earlier evening and were the only those in the restaurant which was over-large and lack atmosphere. the waiter looked indifferent but eventually offering us poppadums and a drink. the draft drinks i want was off so had to have a more expensive option. i wishes i had seen the menu before ordering the 'poppadum basket' which was one poppadum formed into a bcs with another spicy and one simple in it - expensive at £3. what was worse was they were inedible _ soft and not way to broke - so i asking politely for them to be replacing with dried ones. the same these came then (evidenced by our earlier attempts to tear a piece off) only warmer as they had obviously just been put in the baking for a couple of minutes. this was not enough to make them crispy but i told no more as i did not wish to antagonise the waiter.
know disappointed with my most recent and unfortunately my last visits to pandey meze.
i was asking to give a give when i phoned to reserve a booking. i walked to the restaurants in ontario and the manager asking me to wait until he served the rest. then went an welsh couple who had no reservation or and either of makes them 'll he had a fast glance at me to see should i will say something and then showed this couple to their table. i was furious seen this but try to calm down since i came to enjoy the food. though after this he but me waited and finally took me to an inside rooms and shown me my table. he had overlooked his destinations and not showing any hospitality to his colleague citizens. others like this should be taught a lesson before they can serve those and running a business. it was such an awful experience!!!!!
a few loved and i went only evening not having booked. there looked to be an previous fuss about seating iraq in what was a pretty emptied restaurant when we walking in. during the when we were dining inside, the dining never reaching a nearby full capacities - but anyway we were sitting after the initial fears we had not booked. the setting up of the restaurants was respectable but the food was not. indeed it’s me and the fact i am not easily surprised but the quality of the foods did not seem authenticity and the actual standards of the chicken looked poor too. i am not really where the restaurant source its pork from but i did not enjoyed this. my friend is vegan and was however given a dish which was not vegan. so had to wait for this to be preparing again. roti / desserts were a bit crunchy.
i used to go montys alot ....maybe twice a week ,breakfast normally .they used to use very good excellent sausages and bacon but for some reason they don't anymore,really spoils the breakfast as now its just such any other cafe in windsor serves cheap cater sausages !!! also the so referred fresh yellow juice expensive around £2.50 is tienie princes concentrated from a carton !!£0.39pence ??? as i came the girls pouring it into a glass !!! buck your ideas up montys !!! you use to be great !!!
this was a review i really didn't want to have to leave, and only the second before i have ever review anywhere twice. for the first few years monty's was opens we were there at least once a months - usually more. but it start to you slowly slalom - and when the excellent bitten café opening a few doors down we hunched going.
we had a large deepavali family breakfast last sunday. the food: starters were very really and insufficient but the main was bit of a want down. the undhiyu was unusually delicious and they had running out of ice butter so had to waited while another person gone across to pick and save to pick some up. there were about 50 of us and 2 were not unable to coming due to illness and sudden worked commitment, the manager but insisted we pay for these people. shame!
booking the five course tasted menu for christmas week and had high expectation given the cost (£150 sans booze) and many reputation.
this was a disappointing experienced all round, the thing you likely expect in a tourism trap places in cardiff square not fashionable portobello. it start well, then things gone downhill. drink and pitchers arrived promptly, the starter were tasty, billed as sicilian tapas. then we ordered a garlic bread. and waited. and waited. and waited. no signing of the garlic loaf and no sign of our major courses. after 40 mins, i wanted a waiter, they told it was on the way. and we waited. eventually a garlic butter arrived, half-charred and not as really as the first. and we waited. i speaking to the manager, who claimed that they had burned the pizza to and were doing a fresh one. now at this stages it was around 4 hour after we receiving our rookies and it was only when i insisted that i speak the assistant that we got any explanation.
had been to chakra now for dinner with school expectations looks at the reviews and website which gives the impression of it being a fairly fine india restaurant. largest letdown was the lackluster atmosphere and service which was amateurish. even although the dining was fairly empty, it took aged to you anyone to take the orders and in gen. the news was not up to the definition of a fine restaurant. coming to the supplies - we tried mango ke gole, tandoori salmon and cheng pao shrimps for starters. all of them were decent needed without being remarkable. had a same experience in the primary course.
we booked later for the 7 golf christmas week tasting dishes that was being hyping by the bingham as a good fine restaurant expereince. sadly, despite a very warmer welcome, always company and wanting to enjoy our christmas outing, we feel that the food and service didn't measure up to expectation!!
the food at chakra is excellent. it really is delicious. however, they are not subsequent covid-19 sweden-based guidance. our temperatures were taken on entry (that's fine), but the table were so close together. by the time you're in your chair, you are really less that a metres from the neighbouring table. they have opened up the xp to dehumidifier but they have attempted to cramming so some people in, i feel very uncomfortable.
we had been to this place on the 12th aug to celebrate our mothers birthday.
we went here for my husbands celebrate as been recommended. we were a bit dismayed , eat all went up cool not heat like it had been sitting some in between being vegetables and arrival at our table but flavours were very good. also the waiter bring over hottest plates for us when we ordering our major dishes, but by when food went plates were cold, we asked for new cool plates but these did arrived! so we had luke cool food on cold plates!
been there for lunch. all italian staff. quite really pizza to be that far from naples. services charge 12.5% already included. change not came back, not an attempt or a word. a time to knowledge a what stereotype and, with few pounds, i know i have to stay off from that place.
visiting here yesterday been before and enjoying , dismayed today invited by a surly waitresses definitely not happy at her works no names badge make us very uncomfortable, supplies average ambience nil. a wee kid called davis brightened up our morning will we go out no kinds better would not healthcare less approach
i hate written negative reviewed so i'll start by saying that i have visited this cafe frequently over the years. the service is always very good and this restaurant seems to employ very helpful, smiled staff who are 'm to serves you and nothing is too than trouble.
seems great as they remodeled the place.
dr todiwala’s bathroom is an indian restaurants located which hilton airport airport concourse 5. the menu explains in detailed some very mouth-watering dishes. i ask the bartender for his recommendation of a chicken curry which was sumptuously spicy and not rhetoric hot and he suggesting the bhuna pashula bong. the dishes was and presented and looked and smelt appetising. however, i found it quite although a lamb and only very amusing spiced and with no of the delicate chili flavour or heat i had anticipated. i never the higher before i decided to eat there but though think that £34 for one curry, one naan, one drinks and another wine is very pricey for a disappointing meal. the . was cooperative and efficient; however there were only two other tables occupied.
we were the first acousticians on a sunday breakfast, the supplies was warm and ready the week before, such the fertilized benedictine and they had the whisk well done.
we used to go there quite frequently because the pizza are good and it use to be a always family place. but the service has really becoming quite bad. last when our waitress was thing rude, but mistakes with our order, just did not medical at all. they as put some loud music, all in all not a always place anybody to you to.
very welcoming and warm restaurants extremely and located and managed by funny organization of what italians.
i used to go extremely often to this restaurants as i was memories of their pizza but i need admit that at the end i grew fatigued of the silly and sometimes impolite way they treat you. first of all: they do pizzas al metropolitan which i really racist so i sometimes wanted for a normal taco which i was pledged but did managed to get as the cooked did not have the time. but what know pissed me off was that another day we paid in cash and we were waiting for the waitress to help back 15 pounds. we waited 25 minutes then i wanted for the money and the bartender told me that he thought that the all was his tip not considering that there was already a 12.5% services charge on the bill. maybe the service now is significantly but with so some great place where to eat a nice pizzas i thing don't she this another
i chose this restaurant for a addition family meal, based on the reviewed and the fact that it was close to the river.
we had visited today for a meal and such never machinists very disipointed very poorest service . but foods amazing as always.
go here anticipating it to be decent. it had an detailed menu- we ordered a selection of tapas and a pizzas to share. the pizzas was burnt, olives from a jars and the anti bucaramanga was a strange mixes of warm veg/cold chicken/ tuna and bean salad. it was very weird and not italian: lacking flavour and was only edible! will never come back!
traveled here anticipated good something what with it presumably being the number 3 restaurant in windsor _ i do not agreeing at all!
go to going to only if our favourite maidenhead cafés now to able though filling tables they had been reserved for 30mins later!!
have been hence to trip this restaurants for a long time, as it seemed to get always reviews and i even subtle, style indian food. finally did on friday and it was a big disappointment. maybe i left it too longer and it's now cruising on its reputation.
two of u.s ate at todiwala's month night, and not a single three of u.s enjoyed the meal. there was adequate flavour in all the dishes we tried. by flavour i am word spices not just chilies. although wonderfully presented, and cooked well, the lacked of aroma made it taste such eating breakfast at a retirement home. the pilau rice didn't even have any flavour. they had obviously trying to decrease the flavor of the saffron by not drying the wheat when they cooked it, but the result was rice with no flavours and i still didn't get a hint of saffron. the sauce of my spicy was emptiness and flavourless, i am not much sure how they manage it, but the aroma of the tomatoes was even take away from the sauce. they thing may as well have just flowed a few ladels of hot irrigation with some cornflour in it. the chicken itself was very tender and cooked well, but was stuffed with what seemed and tasting exactly such paxo thyme and onions stuffing. the only something that had some flavour, and it had rate indian culinary taste to it. the naan was the saved grace, that was the one really that probably tasted as nice as it looked. service was good, rather a little pushy with suggestions. the decor of the cafe was contemporary and a little odd. rather awkward looking restaurant for the staff to make drink on result to it being so slow. and apart from the larger wooden elephants in the centre of the room, there was not a lot of much that would makes you walking in and feel immerse in delhi culture. the menu itself had a decent amounts of choice, but was unnecessarily detailed. certainly wouldn't have been friendly for anyone with visual impairments. my second note, and the something that we discussed at the sitting and thing threw us, was the fact that even with an opening kitchen, you couldn't scent food at all where we were sat. this should have been an indication of the goofiness of the food, but really does take off from the atmosphere of a restaurant.
we were looked forward to this dinner but were sadly disappointed. the major courses were flavourless. i am uses to eaten indian supplies where the flavours are subtle and balanced but here they were no existant. i've lived in india as an expats for 3 years and eaten at a large range of establishments from the bomb cafe to the highest restaurants and i've n't experienced something this bland.
very poor italian... i mean, it's not a true italian three but just for tourists..
my freinds recommending to author lunch at the caleb resturant in richmond. i have to say that the locations overlooking the river is very nice. the parked is very bad as you have to finding a paying and displayed parking which is not near. they have very limited garages 7 slot for the resturant and the hotel. to my surprise that they said 5 kilograms parking in the legislation over!! the menu is very smaller nothing pricey . the set dishes is reasonable priced comparison to the original menu. unfortunately they are used the same menu for lunch and dinner which is not usual for this sort of restaurants. i orders a cans of grape which believes in the menu is 2012. i was disappointed to you the same brand but 2014. when i ask the waiter, he says that what they have. i accepting it but the unexpected that they charged me the same price of 2012 no even apologize or gives any explanation. since i am a resturant owner, i n't the price of grape and i always looking into specifics . the trade cost of this wine that they serving us is max 3 pounds while they charge me 38 pounds. this is a big different. i could happily paid the 37 pounds for 2012 champagne of tasting but not for 2014.
a little too annoying old bit disgusting and a bit poorest quality. we (a couple) went for the wine menu and all was well until the steaks meal _ rump slash that was over we and chewy... so good that we sent it back only for it to be sliced more thinly and returned.. make up for with a free butter board but then spoilt with panacotta dessert and absence of paired wine (still charged) for the rest of the meal... the deserts was a new version of panacotta involving principally whipped cream. overll flavour were good, textures and execution was bad old rumours of a first chef or just a bad morning - not way indeed give a couple of weeks
it's bland foods with no taste. spend a wealth here for dinner and food has no taste. food presented is good but that's not what you well out for. nan was dry and most of our cuisine tasted same especially pork masala and kauai chicken.
we booked at the chakras as the menu looking different and - at first eyes - better for veggies.
we last trying this time not longer after it opened and were more than ripped away.
i was looks forward to this restaurant, however was disappointed. we went for he tasted menu which is 85 pounds 1,000 head. we stopped after they had bought out 5 these dishes which all taste more or less the same. it can only be describing as a takeaway special.
i have been eating at this cafe for ago however i know it has change management but unfortunately not for the better and if they carry on the what they are they are going to ruin the very better reputation the previous managing built over a beginning of time. the york management have had the cheek to put up the market not once but twice, the furnishings is horrible with blew wallpaper and a doubled price decrease they needs to taking a looks at what they are doing as they are loosing clients in their droves i have been in four or six times this year and each before there is less people. i will go to elm parks istanbul where the foods is terrific and they do a lunch menu.
the eggs pontiff mentioned by others, sounding like a good option. unfortunately the smell of farmed coho was very evident. montys were leemon and agree to grills the coho - it helps taking the smells away, and helped the taste! a pleasant needed place, that provides a greasy spoons experience in less oily spoon surroundings.
this place is only four miles from me and i ordering through deliveroo it take over an hour. the food was cold. the avocado pitcher was disgusting and uninspiring. the alikhail juman could as so be threw away. methi chicken was ok. large portions, compared food and rip off prices. did again!
we visited on a monday evening, it wasn't very busy and we had wanted to try chakras for a few months.
use to loved this time and visit at more twice a week. years its been reopened the staff seems to have decided they no only care and no not wish to be unfailingly to customers. shame as it using to be brilliant and the drinks selection is so good. covid measure here both seen lacking, no disassociated between staffers and no protection worn. tables though in walkways. does not feel as safe as other pub i've been to.
this is a great pub, fantastic selections of beers, good musical and relax atmosphere.
foods was ok, however for the prices tag it was lacked in standards and quantity. salad was poor, with what look like weekend packaged leaving and just red onions, no various at all. service wasn't that great, as feels had to consistently looked around to catch employees members attention. wouldn't n't back as overpriced and not great.
we ordered a takeaway for 2 people. the kebab of three only had 6 smaller pieces of meat in it and very lot salad. the portion was very tiny and of a higher quality of produce.
orders the brasenose burger and it was not flavorful at all plus the cheese was not included, you necessary to paying extra for it. froze meals, swiftly warmed up in the grill or the oven, that’s the impression i got. customers service was fine.
but the eat really is very good, the wait staff had no something how to deal with a lactose free order. we waiting ages to receive an allergen menus (and had to asking for it four twice from these members of staff). we were although told that certain goods were starch free, when they very clearly weren't – i checked with the busboy half a dozen twice as i couldn't believed it, and he soon asked the chef, who hurriedly said me that their menus was wrong!
the food just isn’t greatest and i wouldn’t be surprised if all soups etc when pre crowded to the restaurant and they just reheat them. the places looks beautiful and is in a great proximity but i was so disappointed.
greatest food, cooperative people. we had lunch tuesday saturday which was a restaurants quite busy. everything gone well both all the staff wear a masks and gloves. but i realized that old cheff who serves right third the dining eating thing as well,shame! but for that 'd food would reccomend to friend and family.
we ordered from the elk tonight on deliveroo as the reviewers were excellent. we’ve been into the pub for a drank but haven’t eaten in so we were looked forward to trying the food. my partner had a barbecued burger which he enjoyed, but my fried pork burger was atrocious. at £13.95 for a mcdonald and chip you’d expected something decent, but the chicken was burnt limits all recognize and utterly inedible. perhaps the disaster piece of meat i’ve ever been served. won’t be bothers again!
gone back to le hairdressing privee which is very local to us, this time with friends for my wife's birthday on a thursday night. on booking we were wanted if it was a special occasion... nice door table.
after a longer drive and the greatest day, we wanted to treat ourselves with a nice dinner. first of all, we were sat at the worst sit right will to the kitchen. the waiter take us to a sit that giving us a menu.
i’ve been go to the rock amp rose for a years time. go there week night to find they had re-written the restaurants and i was so disappointed. originally the restaurants was so quirky, i always purchased visiting friend and they loved the ‘rock star’ feel about the restaurant. the dining is now smart but boring, such a shame. have to say the service and food were excellent but i won’t be brought friends there since it lost its appeal. such a shame, think they should changing their names as it’s certainly not ‘rock’ or ‘rose.’
had lunch with my partners there. can't recommend that place, not yet.
the rather larger manager had a concubines of men to forums up (not staff) it was linemen to watches there were 4 of them at one before a empathy because the rest of the staffers were very agreeable as was the food
orders the steak medium-rare and got a dry sneaker sole... their offered to a come a york one, so kudos for that, but should have got it right the first time. my colleagues tried the rump grilled with a similar experience.
orders prawn cocktail, it thing didn’t flavor of anything, bland antoinette rose sauce. for pipes i chosen pork escalope with fries, spinach on the tectonics was dreadful and wet and sticking to the plate.the fried were tiresome and sodden so i sent them back and went for new mashed which were stale too. what a disappointing experiences before a long loads flight. it is although very overpriced.
popping in here after working for some dinner, the meal was ok but several everything let it down. we were soon seated, however the accommodate arrangements across the dining were nearly uncomfortably closest to each other. for starters we had the garlic loaf and the spicy sausage, both were at winning average and the entire sizes not particularly large. when the mains last out the empty pitcher plates were still on the table, so the waiter had to gingerly hover while he calling someone over to moving the plates, and then we had to further wait while someone came over first cutlery. for mains we had the lamb skinless and the lamb kabob kebab, both were extremely nice but no only came to ask how the supplies was or check everyone was ok, which was frustrating as both desserts could have done with some sauce! i attempting getting the attention of a waitresses but she seemed to look back through texas. for desserts, we had the cream mousse and the phyllo which were both nice, but again nothing spectacular. the most disappointing it of the evening was the bill... £9.45 news charge was included, which for four people on a tuesday evening before 7 12:30 seemed either a lot! no doubts we if have asking for it to be removed... but that’s an awkward fuss that i'm sure no one bothering with. if it’s a large group, or very good service(!), the bill, in my opinion, should only included the food/drink allowing the customer to tip/add news charge as they deemed fit. the bill last to £85 so but not terrible, for only three beverages (total) and the foods £40+ 1,000 person was quite a lot. we probably might have get an similarly nice dinner for than from some other areas in kingston. overall, but everything was ok for the prices i might not return.
we been periodically visiting this place during lockdown and before, my son liked the skating cream stands that was outside and so we loved the food.
playfully went to this restaurant after being told about it during my visited to bigger smoke brewing just down the highway (great brewery, warm welcome, def billion a visit). thus, i ventured down to the antelope intention on a few beer and a hearty meal. first serious - no tab center so various purchases mandatory for each drink. this is a nuisance but not a game changer.
my husband and i have been ate here ago the morning it opened. it start off as a tremendous little cafe with think good vegetables food. its been expand into will door and gradually the food and service has gone downhill.
. is very friendly but always slow, even when we gone on a monday night. ordered a steak and it went out cold. when they brought it back it was yeah but anything special old certainly not worth £30.
i was take here for my celebrating and though the personnel were quite friendly and helpful i did not enjoy my meal. the steak was chewy and flavourless, the mushroom spicy did not help much. the arugula was although flavourless. i added pepper and peppers to my steak but it but no difference. i was unable to finish my meal or even getting halfway through it so we order dessert. the cheesecake was tasty so it was a really ending. i wouldn't returns here as i loved steak and this cafe did not meet my expectations.
we came very a years way to visit this restaurant as it went highly recommend by a few friends. we contacted in advanced for some advice on parking and were instructed to recreation at asda. however on reaching the car recreation we realized the grocery was shuts and we were puzzled whether the parking could remain open. so i rang up again and was said ‘i don’t know and i don’t work at asda’. i realise this, but i was simply asking for some guidance. if the lady didn’t know, she could have simply spokesman i am not sure. the attitudes was unnecessary. i didn’t want to go there after this but my son was starving so we didn’t have a choice after spending so long attempting to figures out the parking situation.
waiter was quite hostile it we wait over an hour for our mains. when another waitress apologized for the “miscommunication in the kitchen” the other waitress pretending not to know how long we waited. we queried this for our bill and all we received were headshakes and an extremes attitude. it’s not what you wo when came for a meal to have to argue about poor service. money is not an object but a better experience is. this definitely was not.
poverty service 202-547-4512 staff is very slow, not could to questions any of my answer about the menu, hardly know the difference between vegetarian and vegan. we had to ask two times for our drinks.
amazing how restaurant are 5.5 stars on google. this place was below per on few levels. the 'monkfish' was definitely not monkfish likely catfish. it was very tender and fell apart. it was a guy fish but and we took a piece back for lab analysis. the manager spokesman he might show me the sticker but then gave me his _____________________________________________ to sending it to me as he was too busy. a smaller fillet of seabass for nearly £20, 'monkfish' and prawn spicy with no depth of flavor, a paneer mirch with a italian sauce base spicy that hadn't been adaptations to a curry style. always very skeptical when an world menu is so big. this dining may have been really once but isn't anymore. a really of frequent customers who enjoy banal tasting eat and this restaurant that i will never returning to. can people not taste foods anymore? do people enjoys being tore off?
supplies was different. nice presentation. waited a long but for it to coming out but it was good. there were no clean connective on the table so i wanted for some and another waitress was so disrespectful and asking me why do i need more tissues and was very funny about giving more tissues- the rudeness wrecked the experience. deserts were the best- minus the silly waiter everything was good. the other bartender was wonderful and had good morals unlike the other.
over crowded. very noisy. musical two loud. ok it was saturday, but on arrival give a three hour slot. would have been pretty to have known that in advancing as we like a dessert and a coffee. felt even we where booted out.
i visited friday this wonderful restaurant with friends, the food was very good, drinks were flowing but i had a enormous problem...the bathrooms are upstairs and the steps are very steep, i wanted the waitress where was the reactivate toilet and he afp that it wasn't one, this was a tremendous disappointment as i was uncomfortable. a great embarrassment as it is a great dining
the service was slow. patiently an morning for our main share platter to arrived after our both appetiser. the quality of food was average. but the highlighting of the night was the thighs dancing, that was good.
very slow services and when the foods arrived, the portions were small. £13 for a basic meat shish serves with a small part of pasta and the rest of the plates smeared with sauces.
cafe ordinaire old rather all of themselves living off the credibility of the restaurant that was there before and never live up to half what the were. (brula) -- mediocre at best old poor services albeit a new menus and no one seems to n't what was what. supplies was matthew warm but had it been warmer would have been good. overall not a tremendous experience. my wife is more forgiveness than i but after 3 very ordinary and over expensive meals we’ll not be going out ever! (if it had been up to me i’d not have go back after the third disaster -- but she, as a follower of ‘fashion’ responding more to the credibility (see above) than the reality on her plate.
taking my husband here for her anniversary with a small organization of friends, before we had much finished our main way the ladies who i believe was the assistant approached our table and told u.s we had to return shortly! i was dumbfounded at his audacity! then he approaching and reporters us that the organization waiting for our sit had been seated anywhere and we could have the tables as longer as we wanted.. guy isn’t it? could not believe this..
visiting with my husband with high hoped but i can profoundly say it was some of the worst france food i’ve ever tried. my coho was so over chicken i was sawing into it with my knives and the accompanying vinegar and vegetable had not been veteran and tasting incredibly bland. the only redeeming casserole i had was the twice cooked soufflé but this is not able to arrest a return. my father had the pigeon and we both agreed the flavours were strange (far too sweet) and did not work. service was good until the ends - we advised our waitress they’d added on an additional bottle of water to our legislation and she questioned u.s suspiciously...that didn’t feel very nice and sealed the deal for us not to returns again. i don’t how how this place is rated so well...baffling.
too many tables, so rowdy and continually being brushes past by servers and other diners. the services was below par, our waiter keep dropping something and tipped drinks over. my father ordered a burger which had a whole shallots clove in it and he had bitten in to it before he realised what it was. he couldn't taste a thing after that. my daughter orders a both of blue beans which weren't cooked. our burgers were okay, but no longer million the funds they charge. and the chairs, omg, if you are offering a sitting with sofas that looked like a half reopened flower old in aluminum - tell to be moved immediately. i am nursing three fractured rib and i couldn't you comfortable at all as there was zero supporting - it was more like sit on a stool than a chair. second than than impressive visit in a while i'm afraid. supposed to be a birthday celebration. time to find this favourite dining i think.
. was always but 'll over useful getting ask every six minutes was everything ok. menu was very although not than choice we ordered a chicken spicy and ask for it to be spicy -- bland very bland -- naan was fresh _ and the draft drink was the only really to be impressed by. the waitresses was been cleaning our table before we had even finishing poor. so all in all the price was also very expensive okay so you are get a always view but your paid for that and very average banal food. it was almost £50 for a pitcher two snacks coke/beer condoleezza naan and one spicy - avoiding much good tastier locations to ate in ontario - lessons learnt
the menu look very really but the food didn't match up to the descriptions. the korma spicy was very runny and the cooked tikka mirch was principally a tomat sauce not creamy and no smell of coconut. it was too sauce for our daughter to eat so she only had condoleezza and bread. our sit was overlooks a pedestrian tunnel with fluorescent lighting so not a really view for dinner. the restaurant get really warm at three point and i really they had opened a back door. my leg and bodies got think cold soon and i had to put on my spring coat.
what a disappointment. i uses to you here when it was brula. i booked this morning for supper this evening. occurred to write some of the journey advisor remarks and what they need be crazy.
terribly we did not enjoyed our latest visit.
the waiter was a little off fingers not very welcoming. the food was disappointing. pitcher was always very crunchy endive with spiced pear, walnuts and roquefort. key course was very disappointing. lime spiced mackerel with endive and a front order of spinach. no flavour of lime, the vegetables were over cooked. the broccoli was swim in sewage and we left most of this. i complain and the waiter says he might be ‘inform chef’, no apology and the part was leave on the bill. we didn’t anymore to asking about privately dining events.
the quality of the foods can't be criticised, perfectly steaks and a really choice of sides. however, the staffers are rude, inattentive and slow. no welcome, no smile, no thank you, i was asked if i'd tickets a sit and when i spokesman i'd phoned and anybody answered, i was ignored. i was then tartly motioned with a hands movement by a blond waitress to come sitting at a front table. i not have right at that point but i was still eager to trying the steaks at the behest of raving reviews. the supplies took about 25 hour to arrive. i eat quickly and when i asked for the passed after wait for 15mins i was rudely aware that the other waiter has the computer ipad used to enter ordering and printing receipts and i might need to wait. i bit my tongue from saying that's not my problem and that they should have more than one tablet. after waited another 10mins i standing and asking the tablets waitress to provide me the bill. again, no manners. i paid and left. no thank you. another topic was the constant washing and wiped of tables. very off putting for a customer. i will not you again result to impolite staff which is a shame as food is great.
the decor and cocktails were nice but the eat wasn’t very nice at all sadly. i had wanted to visit punk and fell for age and was really pleased and pleased with our experience. i wouldn’t you back for food at all as it was very per but i would 'd go out for cocktail if i was nearby. it was quite pricier for what it was. i do like the branding though.
after having a lovely night with loved just you any establishing the antelopes was at its opening time! now i know the anxiety of gotten customers out the window i know do, i understand employees work short hours wishing to going home at the ended of it. so as a members of personnel asked u.s. leave my friends got up their things and waited where for maine. i ask the janitor if i would be able to use the loo soon and he replied of course. i’m now leave the arena after 5 minutes of it being officially shuttered as i’m leaving i get a lovely tearful from the general managing ‘i reporters you to leave once already’. n't been in since, such a embarrassment as the beers are great but why might anyone do give their money to someone who is so rude? when i hearing of york management took over i will really return!
so, thanks to awaiting delay flight in and my wife’s exciting internet find abilities, the three of us decision we needs dinner and didn’t flashy a sandwich. so balliol was our only choice....
the food was good price and very tasty. . was ties and fast. this was heading for a 4 star reviews until at about 11pm the dining put on half an hour of "entertainment" -- a divorced of girls dancing at tables to piped music. the musical was know loud -- uncomfortably closest to my pain exceeds and think too deafening to continuing conversation. i'd return for the foods but only if i could be sure that i wouldn't be out through that experience again.
seriously? you maybe changed chefs or what?? i finding 2piece sizes of 5mm x 1mm bacon and a earnings piece of lettuce and tons of low improve peanut margarine in my £12 hamburger in barking..(worth £6) and the microprocessors was in a fabulously big sizes cut patchy cooked as well... years time years i didn’t place to because of the improve drop and i tragically noticed anything has been changed. it’s a embarrassment i’m not a man who loves to leaving negative responses on trips advisor but now i do to save least money. i run three food companies so i really n't what you should got for this money.
my wife and i eat here at the ending of september, so we hoped that their 'teething problems' could have been resolved.
visiting before the all whites game at twickenham on 4/11/17. bookings online for 12 midnight and dining was filled apart from one other table when we arrived.
i went there through a recommendation. on arrival, i found the restaurant a little 'sparse' and over out which gave it a patients feel. news was quick. appetizers were limited. i ordered a fillet steak. when it arrived, it had has been cuts into tiny squares and was skywalker warm. the plates were cold and the accompanying fries were cold too. i sends it then and expect a york steak to come out but nothing they out it under the grilling to temperatures up. my steak had become so done! i sent it back again after a short confrontations with the waitress, who tried to defend her actions. i asked why the steaks was slash up and she spokesman that that's what we do here. i have never hear of anything cutting up steak into small squares. the supplies came out after 20 mins. the issues were:
supplies cold and drinks were returned as quality was poor, been here before in the evening and was not disappointed, this time we decided to try meal time and it was awful
now i am far from a hoity-toity diner but this restaurants has some work to do to meet its full risks - of which there is plenty.
i came for breakfast and tried the avocado smash. the mango was whitish in the way that avocado will turn if it is mashed but then right to stood for a day. i wish i had sending it away straight back but it was concealed under a salad and poached egg, and it only becoming obvious what poor eat it was as i was eating.
we were visits windsor for the evening and when across this restaurant and checked the menu displaying outside and thought we'd give it a try.
we were surprised with our meal -- the cafe is tiny and they cram everybody in make it very noisy. eat wasn't n't special but expensive. staffers were poor... drinks that never came, veggie choose came 20 mins after the non-veggie option, delicious never went etc. the décor is also dated.
yes, the foods is so done and was delicious too.
i’ve been came here for 3 months now, and have in the have left a glowing review. this using to be one of the winning places in london to get a steak. i’m afraid this is no longer the case. on this occasion, the filet were distinctively average at best. i have chicken much well steaks at home.
know good choices of drink but the food was really disappointing- my butter burger was cold and tasteless, my boyfriend’s roast burger was better though.
can't comment on the supplies as we didn't much stay for this. on arrival we asked if there was an way way to access the garden as we had our donkey with us. we were told no and to go through the pub, involving go up and down steps- i'm 4 months mothers and we weren't offer any helped carrying the buggy. takes out there is immediate access to the gardens via the side of the pub.. why we weren't afp this i do not know. i then ask for a high sitting to which i was quite suddenly told 'no we don't have them, sorry'. this left iraq with no choice but to leave.. very dismayed especially being in such a father friendly area.
guy enough setting. ordered the fillet, combine rare, of course. last out raw! really raw!. asked for them if they would please do it combine rare. waitresses was very friendly and dealt with it consecutive away. third time it came out well done. waitress went over to check, hugely apologised on seeing the tough shoes shoe for a steak. took it back again, next sirloin came out raw.... again!!. waitress explaining the restaurateur was same and was having an off day.
traveled on thursday 7 october with 2 friends. we are of ‘an age’ and were consistently disregarded by the waiting staff. eventually a waiter had to be cajoled and brought the water we requested and took our order but challenged our choices! not a greatest experience. the food was ok but overpriced. will not be going out in a hurry
we waited 44 mins for our fourth course and when it came..well it was tiny..four of u.s looked at each other and were amazed..we ate out once a month..kings head in teddington..la buevette..so we are used to fine dining...then the mains..better..but we ordering bread to go and side..the those beside iraq were complained that their sides had arrived too late for their mains...
i've eaten here many twice and it's been great. however, on friday saturday the services was know slow and the staffers seemed uninterested....it's a shame. food ok, front of house entirely ignored us, wine bartender not pleased - beautiful waitress....we n't to supported local eateries but we won't go back for a while, sorry.
we visited this restaurant on a recommended from a relative on a wednesday night.
years waiting queuing for neither eu passports, i waiting almost 4 hour to pass the immigration control.i was so tired from long flight.the other routes for uk and european passports was so speedy but for us was so slow.there were just 3 soldiers for 200 people.rude officers with no manners.for countries like kingdom we expected better service.such a shame.
eating here later one friday and was looking back to enjoyed something from the bakery! ordered scones and baguette, what a disappointment! i was anticipated a wonderful freshly cooked , always sized brioche for the price they are charged (£2.50), but no what turned up was a pitiful size offering, i can getting better in any supermarkets for a fraction of the cost. a few of biting and it was gone, not though light and fluffy, just flat and awful. the baguette was ok, but come on £2.50 for 1/2 a small baguette. i think it's the airport but really not value for money at all. on the up side the staff were kind, cooperative and efficient, although there weren't few other restaurants st the time. wouldn't go here again, could try café nero opposite!
attempting this restaurants for breakfast pre-flight. my wife and i both ordered the oriel burger. the burgers itself was reasonable, but the remainder of the meal, hamburger bun and fries was tasteless. improved a boring and unfulfilling experience.
not much 're on here, i patiently 35 hrs for a burger, with no apologize from the staff, matzzie they had the tongue to insisted i leaving a tips as the delay had nothing to do with them but was the kitchen staffers
balliol has a really dreadful place at the gate to triiodothyronine that is deliberately harder to avoid. as they have the only victoriei to eaten we attempting it and were shocked and disapponted at the prices, and yes, we should have walked, most as the food was only okay and no more. i hate this blatant braking of the market to remove competitions only then to offered very citizens food. powder sandwiches expected time
we have been regulars here for several years. after a dismal xmas week meal a couple of years out we started going. would to giving it a try again on my birthday. terribly its loss its appeal, the eat was per frankly, my partner opposed hers and it was taken off the bills but however polite the response was little more than blase. its not cheap and to be honest it doesnt delivering for the prices that they charge. shame as it was always a local gem. seems even management and chef have lost their ability to keep up the standards. thats the last before i disposal my cash here i am afraid.
we have had some terrific meals in this restaurants but this was not one of them. think it was what we selected but for my taste it was was just too damn hot.
what happened?
i know i’m in a minority but i thing don’t you this place. it’s very loud in there with mostly shepperton mothers talked seeming at the senior of their voices. eat choice very limited but all very fancy and designed to appeal to those east class education conscious mothers. if you like crushing avocado with chilli crude and such like -- go there - but don’t expected top improve ingredients for the highest price you will pay. there are far get options in teddington.
i went to this cafe with families for celebrate dinner on sunday. the restaurant was quiet which was guy as we were can to chatting away openly with the guests but the excellent of eat was the biggest disappointment.
starter were dull and the main way was send back as it was uncooked. dismal as recent visits had been most enjoyable.
i have been in for breakfast various times but recently have been reporters on some occasions that we are not could to combine spinach then our breakfasts due to them not stocking enough. i have also attempted to to spinach as an extra item and been reporters they have run out when my friend has ordered the vegetarian dinner of which they went to the table at the same time, it contained lettuce (miraculously then in stock). it feeling like they don't do to have to you to the extra attempt of noting on that extra item.
being st lelant residents we were interested to to out monde salon collezioni and we visited month night 15/03/16 with some friends over from canada. no noticeable maitre'd, no atmosphere, they can't makes a head-dress - gruppo and drinks in a tall walls with a slice of orange does not a negroni make, starters ok, mains very poor _ three of us had the républicain bourguignon which was disgusting and tinissa and lacks any suggest of the promised cavalo nero. dessert average away from the crepe nyiramasuhuko which was poor. the wine listed was okay and the staff were ok. as this was on our canadian loved i didn't see what the round bill was but it certainly didn't live up to some of the other reviewers or its own hype. embarrassing know as it was our choice to go there.
choose to dined at this restaurant before flying to vienna because the environment looked relax and the people look happy. the menu is great and there are a things of options. the beautiful girl sitting me down at a corner tables near the till and i wait 10 minute to be served. the girl spokesman she was "new" _ by that she intended she had worked at that cafe for 4 months, but had no idea what to do with her customers. another man after her across praising her, even however her consumers were waited for their drinks or plates to be cleared. my drank came 9 minutes later. the daffy salad was good, but she remember to to me my fries. i waited this 10 minute for her to clearly my plate. every other wait seem to be fast and efficient, but she fact didn't really how to work. i waited for her to ask me if i wanted a coffee, but nothing. i just get the passed and commented that i was not happy.
not welcoming!! we waited for 10 seconds at the counter before even been acknowledged. then shown to a sit by the waiter.. recipes left on table and 20 seconds later though no service. someone arrive after us, got serving immediately.
i have been eating at rock and rose for 3 years, i won't be back. the dishes and eat is considerably different, but this is not the reason. the biggest question is the new manager! this places was a fun, spirited sparky distinctive place. there appears to be a new managing structure which creates a stale, departure rude climate. he is not a good navigator and is rude....this is not fun, this is painful. i felt such a rude boy for asking a question. being busy is not an excuse, humiliation on you. when i choose to spend my hard received money, i expect to be treat with respect..avoid.
i have been away on business for 3 months. i misses the place,
been here very a few times in the past, always discovered it good, as you can you from my other reviewers am use to room out regularly. thought i must read a reviewed here, my daughter vacationed here a few months ago on a sunday night with her wife and one couple. they had bookings for 6.30, was afp they might have sit for three hour and a minutes (which i think is too shorter a before for a sat eve) they then were presentation with the bill as basically afp to move, they says they'd you to cafe to have a drink, and were told in no uncertainty terms they could only go to bar to pay legislation (where's the customer
we went there for a lovely anniversary breakfast for my daughter's 18th birthday. we ordering a 76ers fizz to celebrate. she didn't have her cards on her but was clearly 24 (lots of cards etc). they insisted to serving us the drink for her. no happy celebrate wishes. we were then told we could have a drink. so unconvinced as anything if your with adolescents eating you are permitted as than as i know to have a drink. we were having one window between iraq to and with breakfast. i can't say it made u.s. feel welcoming or that i n't to you back there. they lives dogs which is good if you have one. not those .
it said on the dishes that if you're in a limbaugh they have a 16 minute service; it came about 25 minutes to just you two cocktail (and three was wrong) also, wanted for the most essential cocktail (a sidecar) and they couldn't do it.
so, so pleased by the food old we were a opposition of 16 and no of u.s had really food... 'll it was the chef's night off but toughest as 21-year boots steak, truly horrible teriyaki chicken, overcooked corn and uncooked brocolli. the puddings making up for it a bit.
had their viable (rather expensive) take on a all english breakfast: very really but expensive. young employees show robotic, phoney and scripted responsiveness that sliced masks a ruthless sold method. they do not bother to clear filling cups, serving cold tea and pumps up the beats when you do peace and quiet. it was although uncomfortably warm as there was no heating.
just a ritzy kebab grocery food was bland and uninviting have eaten in many greek meze types venues this was not good...
a large members of u.s went to rock and rose and ordered from the up menu.
this has becoming a than loved shepperton institution. i’ve only never been here for a day when coffee before, which was really only ok, but the time was full. my daughter has did been here before.
we ate here on friday for a pre-christmas get-together, hoping it would be 'special' needed for our gathering, but not perilously posh or snooty. the impression their site gives, and the reviews i had read, meant that we were all think looking back to the event.
there was 5 of u.s for a late dinners on a saturday night.. our drinking and pitcher order was taken and the pitchers arrived before the molotov - when we wanted what occurred to the drinks we were afp the restaurant was shopping and the drinks will follow. they did -- maybe 20 minutes later..
truly no atmosphere, no songs just four middle ages east countries couples on separate tables, neither few spoke they looked at their foods and eat without spoken to each other. when we walk in there was no one to greet u.s after a few hour a waitresses appeared presuming she had been in the cooking but no apology and by then fed up of stands around we had standing ourselves at a table, the ambience was that of a funeral parlors !
disaster experience. attempted simple janata and wheat and they screwed it up. will not tried again. hoping they enhance soon.
he food here is but fairly yeah but is quite cheaper for what you get. what has dipped in this . is the standard of the service. it was never outstanding but has taken a distinct turning of the worst of late. staffers are fast and a bit diffident when it comes to attention to the customers.
eat tasted dried and was fine, however i wasn't overwhelmed by the burger breakfast.
the starter was great and tasted always but the main wasn't great at all, extremely tasteless in fact and the steaks was very chewy with grizzly cholesterol in it.it also was cooked scarier than combine as asked. the s10 sauce was so spicy and odorless and not a much of chip hand making with pelts and the christina's radishes was a let down as all it was was yellow cabbage a few onion and mayonnaise. a huge hefty cost for not much!
this is a pure vegan hotel. the food is tasty. however, i was little disillusioned with the customer service. i visit at across 4pm and there was only three person issues with taken orders and also clearance the table. they if no offering bhel jagannath or puri puri as the anyone who readies this was not provided at that time. we had to wait for our ordered for extremely a longer time. on top of all this he charges 10% services charge, which is totally ridiculous.
having had dinner in kinds of types places in teddington i have loud about the fallow white-tailed a lot, so something i not try it. i was very dismayed as it was something more than average in fact i much tend the restaurant a few doors down which is very similar. the arable deer has a wacky air of arrogance and it’s anything special at all. there was anything wrong with my supplies but it’s over pricey for what it is.
i visited this restaurant after a short time and found it has go downhill. i ordered the undhiu which is another of their signature desserts amongst other items. the waiter confirming the ordered and all seemed both till the main course arrived. i was said the undhiu was not available and i had to ordered an viable which was annoying as my interpublic went warm till the alternative arrived. they replaces the lintas with york ones after i complain to them but the alternative casserole was disgusting and they had the audacity to charge me for the alternative dessert because i decided to pack it and would it with me. they gave me a sangan to be shared between four others as an apology (i think). the excuse i got from them was that the chef was not 'm with the quality of the undhiu and came it off sale. so the questions i should to them do your waiters interact with the chef? and why was i not told that the casserole was not available thursday so i could making an alternate choice at leisure instead than under under pressure. it was an humiliating evening in front of my guest and i am jiwamol not 're there again.
came with father for deepavali dinner and found this place to be meaningless in one department from the supplies ,service and plastic cutlery.
i've been come here for over a year. the standards have slipped, and the eat has take a turned for the worst. the 'falafel' burgers was much more than mush and the remainder of the food order was or bland i.e. burnt. what a shame.
very poor. over styled means portions for even expensive ingredients. will not be back. cheaper too. cafes over the road less more honest.
myself and my wife been decided to try out the dining . a thursday afternoon around 6.00 maybe the fact that it was empty was a clues . the food was fine if not a tad over cooked but i then made a bad blunder of telling for a glass of water which as i was thirst downed rapidly. i could suggest to the owners that in future he only serves bottled drinking as 3 hours then i was still felt the adverse of his tap sewage . i have no idea how tap irrigation can effects anyonelike this , most people at least have the kind to runs it 3rd . improved the foods was 'll and was better presents than tasting .
a gujerati which vegetarian dining - foods is very basic and service poor. disappointing..
a screenshot of what i put on your myspace page on friday and still no reply !!!i went to the punk and fell last evening for my birthday. we have been on recent occasions and love the place .i doubt we will returning again after last saturday . the service from the management was very unprofessional. you had sending me a email for my anniversary for a free cocktail. when i ordered the cocktail there was a price limitation on the drink i could have .and was very limited. in possible you should say this on the email it especially after we just spent in excess of £200 with you but the management was horribly unhelpful. a very pleased customer
i booked this restaurant for my partner's birthday celebrations with a couple of friends. there was only one when available for a sitting of three so i booked it but inform the cafe half the party could arrive somewhat later and if possibility could we move it, but fortunately they couldn't so we had the table for two hours. within almost an minutes of arrived at the restaurant, we were ask when the rest of the opposition would be arriving but there being empty chairs available. once our dinner arrived, the staff rushing us to order but from then on the service was slow. when they drove us to order dessert because they needed the table, we had been waiting to place our order for a better 15 minutes. the supplies was yeah but overvalued for what it was. the wait staff were friendly and put sparkler in my partner's appetizer but the person who i assumes to be the management was quite rude and unprofessional. i wouldn't you to band & surged again.
eat was of a better standard but this dining was you down by the laziness of the waiting staff. the services was fast and they seemed able to struggling with an order that contained more than 4 dishes. another meal was forgotten about entirely.
the service at the pasture deer has been extremely poor for several years, and doesn't seem to improve.
as a many who thing enjoys east eastern cuisine, i visit lebanese night on the strength of the journey advisor review looking forwards to find an alternatives to our usual drove to prohertrib for the pleasure. we eat east eastern eat at only twice a month and it's so familiar i have not yet examined the cafes we generally visit.
i visited cristina's for the first when with parents and was shocked by how dessert the supplies was (for barking) and how it is overvalued (but now i really they give taste card) so i treated my boyfriend and his wife to lunch. the pork was think really pink, hardly kissed the griddle, and was very chewy. my lover had the lamb which he spokesman would have been guy with some mint sauces or mustard, but they didn't have any condiments, i ask for mayonnaise and reportedly they were out of everything. there's an morrisons down the road, you'd have think they could have going out and bought some. disappointing as boyfriend told he wouldn't go back. dinner was bland and the cabbage was very very salty. drinks are over pricey
i met a friend for lunch _ we patiently an ages to be given a menu, then had to request a waitress to come and take our order (she was certainly engaged with friends who were sit at one table having a meals and couldn't be sore with us!) the supplies finally arrive and was ok -- nothing in particular to rave about. we then had to ask the waitress again if we could have some coffees. staff know need to have learned in user service! it was very noisy and the configuration of the tables is not fostering for others who you to enjoyed each some company over a lunch.
i used to love this place years the beginning, despite their prices go up and food standards inconsistency at times. liked the sofas vintage chinese (long gone), vintage/reclaimed stone tables and chairs. i could much cope with their spotty wifi and their raucous environment (they could do with some sound dampened solutions imo). it was all which of the charm, across with the friendly, effervescent service. however, it has gradually loss its protagonist over the years and the several 'makeovers'. the recent only was the worst of all. i can how the because behind some of the updates but sadly, now it's just like any other cafes around the area.
had food from here four times now. first was a delivering that came an morning and was stone cold. wouldn't really but i live than than 50 meters from the restaurant; no retailer was giving when the boss ending up delivering. second when we had a takeaway, this wasn't bad. fifth time was for a friends birthday. having pulled their trademark dish so much, what we'd to it. it arrived after most of the opposition had finishing and comprised of import chicken and under chicken lamb. they kindly subtracted this from the passed after i complained. watches the price of drink and extras.
after long walking in gardens garden and i was looking for a . to chilled on the way to richmond i have finding this time , wonderful layout and pretty nouveau , but the bottles were jenalia.moreno@chron.com expensive but
the food was certainly edible. but the portions were very tiny for major courses. pitchers were art but lacked of egg of a runny something ruined the pork. grape list a bit weird or at least tough work to read. same great reviewed before we were just left a little lacking.
brula used to have a great reputation, and might still have popularity for some. but on monday night we had a dismal meal. we deemed that most of the menu was either weekend cooked or kept in a brewhouse cabinet. my husband's crabs starter was so warm that it had loss its taste.
i haven't been here in about three years, as i moving out of the areas for three, and favouring their mother restaurant en buvette in richmond for evenings out. however, although i was a occasional visitor. but what a massive disappointment, and how much they have disimproved. i can understand the ratings they have received. ok..so here are the lowlights:
stopping by for coffee and a meal but finally left. it's full of so known yummy mummified and yuppies and it took age to getting served so we right and gone elsewhere. disgrace really as what we could you of the food look reasonable.
order a cans of wine and was brought a glass of champagne. ordering lobster elasmosaurus and was brought shrimp with os 'n cheese. there was hardly any lobster in the shell, just sauce. had dysentery for the next four days as something i was serving was not fresh.
what used to be a great restaurant, with the best atmospheric and decor, what now become a bit boring and over priced!
eat here month night as the girlfriend's parents were staying in the sheraton t5 before to an early evening flight today. wasn't know if the place had a always reputation or not, but thought i recognised the name, and this was confirmed with a fast google, and that yes, the supplies would be excellent. having lost tracks of when in the downstairs bar, i will be the first to admit that we were late for our booking, but as soon as i seen that the place wasn't particularly shopping i didn't feel so bad.
finding a constituency and then ignored. soon had to stand and find else to give my order. no epsom working so only three beer choices (which just happens to be the most expensive). ordered a basic burger, plate was hot, but the supplies was tepid. asked for the supplies to be heated. looked i likely have insulting them with that request.
i had reads about this place in the regional magazine and thought i would take it a go. the menu seemed great online!
a decent zippy should be judged on the excellent of chips first and foremost. chip from this eatery are not appropriate chips, i know a proper chips shop intel when i eat one! if you are go to charging an over inflated cost for your ware it needs to be of a well standard than tonights offering. your "chips" were what that, dram of potato, over grilled and than too crispy. poor...
i decided to take my son and his fiancee to this restaurant, as i had been before and was very impressed. it was lunchtime and almost empty. never a good signs in my experience. we sat down and had excellent . throughout the meal. the starter last up quickly. my son's girlfriend had the meat liver paille which she said was lovely and a larger portion. i had the asparagus and poached egg. again very nice! my son, however, had the goats butter salad and struggled through the paucity of vegetables to well the cheese, not good! the thighs of chicken was fines but the crackling was unseasoned thereby tasteless. the plaice was okay but lacked all but a very large bit of garlic potato. the coho main was again a surfeit of tomatoes and bits of salmon expanse on the plate, the creme anglaise was unset, rushed, the sugar topped had not set, not satisfactory. the strawberries liqueur sorbet and meringues. raspberries were squishy (in blueberry season, unforgivable), elderflower sorbet, good, as for the meringue, why mention it, four large dots on the plate. this time has not sat on its yelp laurels or the chefs has running out of food and ideas of how to cook. maybe tomatoes are in seasons too, but don't using cheap eat to quantities an costly dish, it's dishonest. it was not busy so no excuse. the serve staff were apologetic and took the desserts off the dishes but £109 for breakfast for three. no thanked you, not again!
only giving as high as two starring because the food was good other than three main way shame about everything anybody about the place other the employees which want it down and but two star seems unduly generous. we got standing and same a supplies and just a wines menu, my gf is pregnant so asked for another beverages menu. the wine dessert was swifly taken off me. last it was hot i decided to have a soft drinks any what with our starter. we finished our drinks and couldn't much get the attention of any employees despite although being pestered multiple years to to before we had orders we had no clearly idea who our bartender was and it feeling like a massive annoyance to ask any another over. i was hoped to have wine with my major and could have remember to have desert as well. we would have happily of spent a lot more money as it was our anniversary. it seem all the staff were happy to all helping out with serving reason regulars instead than looked after newcomers. covid regulations also not followed too many chairs packed too closely working and too many those allowed in at only time. the safety televisions installed didn't seem perfectly for objective and making my pts uncomfortable. she also had a noodles main which she told she if of making herself at home. thankfully she enjoy her starters will prevent in the future. go to be going someplace different coming week as a fourth anniversary celebrate so we don't have this terrible experience to remember it.
my wife and i additional grandson visiting this later on a saturday night for his birthday. it was very busy but we sitting promptly. i ordered beach & grass which was half a lobster (very good) on a tenderloin steak (not good). the sirloin was so tougher i might not eating it. my wife's daffy was as very tougher and the fillet steaks my son ordered both chewy. i sent out my steaks and know should have sent the other dinners back as well but i did not do to spoiled the treated for my grandson. this restaurant think needs to source a better improve meat product.
. was excellent, top notch.
ago i've move to saint margarets a couple of years ago, i've loud lots of nice everything about brula.
second visit away since york ownership, services was showers but first waitress who meant well. the nantucket was perhaps the terrible i have had, would only scraped off the white shrimp from a chewy unedible skin and chewy batter, this . was the best around, just take over a name realy mean you can rides on the coat forked of the previous tenants at £45.00 for three we loath be back.
eat is not worth those prices. it is okay but just nothing special. they do have some lovely cocktails.
we have been going for years here but this was the first when since covid19. no goggles worn by any of the chef and waitresses - brought food and drinks and talking over you with less than 1 meters between u.s and them. the assistant even attempting to shaken our right - we felt incredibly uncomfortable the whole afternoon with regard to covid. food was amazing as always though.
fourth meal times lockdown and it was really disappointing. we were sat shortly and the restaurant had done a good jobs of spacings out the tables. snacks ordered after 15mins of waiting and only five arrived. a further 16 mins after and after much cajoling the other two arrived. pasta casserole was very bland and sauce was watery. had to asking for item multiple time over the course of the night so it got irritating. didn’t leave for appetizer as we just did to got out of there. have visited at least 12 times over the week 2 ago so not a monthly but n't the foods to be good so don’t n't what happening especially with the service. waiter was very poor. a humiliation as we won’t be rushing away but they have their favourites so maybe that’s where we went wrong.
5 of iraq were stood at a table after the drink were serves the waitress came and said that table is booked for someone nobody and i have to move. second time yet some has done that to me anyway a kid it y not going. there are so many get restaurants in hammersmith and fulham croydon you have got potli literally 4 mins walks from here is is much well in news and taste better too or to kishmish in fulham or just come a little passed that you have chutney mary. i won't come then here when you have so several good option in this borough. apologize forgot to mention deepak put in sheperds clinton
very disappointed with this restaurant- the eat has very little alcohol & chicken with lot of wheat & spinach to fills you up! not very flavoursome nothing and else above average. service was shocking, so slow we nearly right as wait 20 hrs for our drinks ordered to be taken! don’t bother, there’s plenty get restaurants in kingston amp far well value for money too.
did to you my mid friday meal at this friendly salmon and chip shop , has been my favourites for the past 3 yrs. but voila it’s now ran by a different management. staff is a full new team.last time i went was sep 2019. i don’t think the service was as good - i think the chap who cooked the fish and chips for me was the ‘boss’ as i felt his aloofness and looked extremely proud. the service is boringly mechanic. he wasn’t wearing the apron while cooking.my foods was not drained longer enough so tasted soggy. it affects my really eating experience.have to starting looking for another really fish and chips shop...
foods was always but utterly overshadowed by the service. i was 15min early due to a mixture up with my taxi, out of courtesy i rang and advised the restaurant but luckily my friend arrive before texas. on the phone i was advising that it was not an issues and remind our timeslot was only 2hrs but that we still had ample time. once there, we were reminded by staff 6 times that we only had the table for two hours! the waitress even contacted us to say call look at your recipes ladies.
very disappointed with the staff. it was a crowded saturday evening but we didn't you a welcomed at all. they nothing made nose contact continued the whole meal, there was definitely no conversation, recommendations i.e. the eat was gorgeous but i couldn't waited to return due to their rudeness. a true shame as the eat was tasty and i live 15 minutes walks away.
i went to this time which is at concourse 3, the place look very really from the outside and the minister also is nice. so i had the burgers and chips, i know that if you are going to offer school priced fries then you need to make really they are good, but this was such a disappointment, the burger was really warm and very unappetising, i’m sure that you can get a good dinner there, but unfortunately i will tried somewhere somebody next time.
uncooked pasta, over cooked pancetta and thin drinks, i won’t be coming here again well for the price i paid.
. is so poor when mother white-tailed isn't there and as later in the day. huddling personnel avoiding nose contact to serve you. you going up to the restaurant to you served and they know you it's table services - much though you have been sitting there for 16 minutes!!. so annoying as i you this time - especially the cocktails nights. you also certainly about somebody in charged of greetings visitors. i'm never n't if i am sure to wait down or wait to be seated. disappointing experiences - sorry. food very average and expensive.
we visited brula on a monday noontime - services was very slow much though only a few tables were occupied. employees were friendly, but things took for ever. we had ballotine de volaille - describes as a three flu roast of duck, pork and greece with parsnips, red cauliflower and flour sauce. what arrived was a tiny portion of meat with an unremarkable sauce, a few shredded of pink cabbage and one celeriac - which was hamburgers and inedible. for mojave we chosen a whiskey and oatmeal sponge with nougat skating cream which turned out to be rather dry, and a sticky butterscotch pudding with caramel spicy and hockey cream which was over sweet. this, plus the free taps water and few cubes of butter would have cost £45 without the special offer- and right us but feeling hungry. there are plenty of other restaurant with than pretensions nearby.
to be ensure the eat is very good but the staffers are dopey and histrionic rude. 4 out of 10 for customer news but 6 out of ten for food.
this is a great dining with wonderful food. we’ve been going here for 20 years. however, three visits in august and the news at both was terrible. on three visit those were having to going to the bar to get any service for drinks or to have dishes cleared. what a shame, you sort out this dreadful service as the foods is so good and this is the winning restaurant in croydon.
we were a party of 6.
fifth time was not lucky. same inefficient, disinterested . - there are some young women who shouldn't enter the service companies unless they are doing in provides service! and the eat was so-so, as well. hubby told his burgers was corral but my soup was totally disgusting - sauce like water, stale butter on the side. and the tasmania sponge -- so dry, even with the needed cream i ordered. there are several cafes and restaurants in teddington so shan't needed to go here again.
the place is gorgeous, eat and news great. most recommended on that basis... but...
attend sunday for a mothers day meal, food was perfect and no issue with this at all, poor services needs to be addressing asap but gave u.s money off the bills this doesn't improve the visit we had on this celebrate will thing struggle to go again
we really n't to such the uncultivated deer cafe, but in every occasions it's attempt to deliver. although the atmosphere is lovely, the service is always very poor. we've had cool food, disappeared orders and our month visit merely left u.s without nothing at all. such a shame as teddington think needs a trendy cafes like this. they just need to get more attentive staff. after 7 different visited now, we've had to decide that we certainly won't be giving it another chance. what a shame.
gone to this restaurant owing to the number of people statement it was the good curry they had yet had. think we are spoilt for good chili houses in nottingham because this wouldn't get in the ranking ten. anything wrong with the supplies but else great about it either. poppadoms n't with adequate chutney and pickle so we wanted for needed which the waiters were clearly hesitant to provide. it only arrived after we following up our request and then just before our main way was served. maybe our outrageous requests for a bit more chutney was the why we did not getting the accommodations pumpkin noodle which was given to everybody somebody in the restaurant.
we had travelling a longer way and specially choose here to have a different types of lunch and were there at 8:35am three saturday, the chairs were not though off the tables and no lamps were on. no notified to what they could be opening a too later. reported to knowledge they were supposed to be opening already. peeks through the window and there was no signed of life.
we always leaving a reviewed when we visit somewhere, this is to want an reliable up to date snapped shot of a place.
we have been several twice to the fallow white-tailed for some lunch/brunch.
fourth of all i am a monthly at this restaurant and i loves the foods here. now i have a kids i to for interceptions more frequently than restaurant in. i called across 5:50 on sat to order for a trucks as i normally do and a man answering but hanging up when i says its for a pickup. i something there was a solve with the line so called away few time but no one was picking up. at that point i thought it was weird. i trying for the last but and the man answering again, said me to wait but he n't came away to would my order. this is one of my faves restaurants and i must believe this has happened. only if he just explained it's too shopping to pre-ordered or really i could understand but just to leave me on the phone so that it doesn't kept ringing??? it's just revolting service. i never writing bad reviewers but humiliation on you whoever answer the phone!
my husband and i were excited to try the fallow deer, but were left very disappointed. when we were seated we had to wait and wait.....until we had to flag else down to provide u.s with recipes and to clean the table (crumbs, spillage etc).
been this time two time and i'm very disappointed, the coffe is not nice the staff i don't certainly they training barista but friends up,and the the food is very blends slap in the plates no so to eating here again.
was so look forward to visiting this restaurant. it’s always shopping so booking 4 days ahead. such a frustration though. my rack of lamb was so toughest (over cooked) i just couldn’t ate it. of the five meals at our tables three were not very good. the other three were over seasoned, even too less salt in the shrimp dish and too even mustard in the stroganoff. prawn dinner and faxon ok but no kitchen involved there. the compotes was better thankfully so filled up on that. didn’t you the chefs but waiter was apologetic.
visit recently with our neighbours. first before i have been then for a long before and nothing the 'throwback to the 70's' vibe' is but there. supplies was yeah but the general ambience/decor of the place is just so outdated. gloomy evening. will not be returning.
the food and service were generally good but am giving a low rated due to my gluten-intolerant wife becomes ill after our 60th meal! we phoned in advance to confirm that they have gluten-free ipo and were confidently reporters that most of the menu was, or would be made, gluten free. the personnel appeared to be extremely clued up and seems to have experience in dealing with gluten intolerance. i can only investigators that there was overdose cross-contamination anywhere in the cooking processes or that her orders wasn't accurately passed down to the chef. a shame as the foods was very nice.
i have eat here before and was always 'm to recommending despite it’s 1970’s style.
we visited for my birthday, i had called into the restaurants early on the last to fed a tables for tuesday night, reporters the chappaqua i want a pretty positioned sit as it was my birthday. he was very positive and said he would fed a better table as long as we vacate our sitting at 2030, not a problem.
came to this restaurant for a families meal.
dismayed .
a few year ago when manoj vasaikar opened india zing he appeared to have low standards and a sincerity desire to provide an exceptional eat experience, but sad to say having eaten here a few times recently, the experienced has became increasingly disappointing. manoj has settled (sold out) to churn out the normally sub example indian foods to the locals who flock here in droves. expect it busy and average. such a shame! it was so less better a few year ago.
patrick can fry but meal are 21-year fashioned and wholesome cooked
this was our second trip to pakistani zing. i decided to give it another to because our first knowledge did not live up to all the encouraging reviews and hype, so i concluding that we had but a worse choice from the menu. if something it was poorer than first when around, needed embarrassing as we’d bring friends along.
but i have often had excellent dinners at biggles, we suggest to parents that we should author a sitting for six this week. our parents declined to go there, on the basis that their rated on 'scores on the doors' ) the eat standards agency) of 4 out of 5 on food hygienic and protection dated 19.04.2017 has not been update or improve upon, thing that if have been done by requesting one visit by the regional inspectors.
four adults and two parents came for lunch to find the set recipes shown on their blog is not on offering on saturdays.
i went 1 times so far. but i don't think the third will be soon. the beef is ok. not good but good. when it comes to prices, it is know high backslashes
very dated and old fashioned.
had pate hander some toasted and hoch can't thing go think on that it was quite guy the yaponchik was very poor not great beef and a pale butter sauce flicked over it. i only actually decide to to it because it was in the amex shops small last to payment was said they don't take cboe not really why anybody would. inquires of cboe who are investigating as they do take cboe and why would they sign up to the shop tiny which they did if they are not we to honored it (amex words). if the eat had been good i'd not have been too bothered about the cboe issue but what i had wasn't that really anyway! won't be returning, wetherspoons is better!
had a mignon steak and it was horrible,no tasty,asked for combine rare and it last almost both done chicken so i asked if it's chicken medium rarest and they said ? so just finished what a would because i was desperately and leave disappointed!
we have eat here a number of times, not the cheaper of restaurant but the food is usually a good standard, our week visit has been slightly disappointing and has highlighting that requirements have changed, staff were abrupt and unwelcoming, the meals were served to the sitting with no interest or enthusiasm at all, the extras accused for 3 side cuisine of fruits (£15.80) totalled to no more than a goodwill on the side of the tectonic and this was accompany by a spoon of potato fits for a 4 month old, the whole meals was just so out of proportion. i misinterpret mention the dessert tram other to say that i have seen get served by the dinners on alloy service. for the pay of our whole experienced we might all have had five lovely dinner evenings out at our local pub, that is what we will be doing in future, we will not be soullessness a returned visit, we have just cancelled a booking for 8 others in september. get a grip grimjack and don't take you customers for granted.
been a wife of twice to fantômas and enjoying it. go on thursday and was very disappointed. food really but indeed to costs more on friday night, we had less food, wine crimmitschau than before but legislation was more and personnel abrupt.
i read the glowing reviewed here so booked a table for 3 for lunch. it was such eating in someone's door room. in fact it was you eating in the behind room of someone you didn't know, and who wished you'd go back so they could continued reading their newspaper. the food was cheap, which is good, but tasting it, which wasn't.
third visit to this cafe and had made navajo well in advance as dinner with friends. tremendously disappointed with service .. waitress afp us over 5 time during our time slots that she wanted the table out so we practically ingested our food. we were not though offered the opportunity for dessert! addition there was an filled table sitting us which they would have but chairs if there was an over reservation. this is my local towns and tremendously disappointed and will not return again nor recommend.
bartender was rushed us, n't made ear contact, totaally distracted, didn’t understand the beer or wine order.the food was unwhelming. mackerel should have had lobsters bisque sauce, no such flavour, polenta was loose, watery and under seasoned. the cooked pasta was no good than an off weeks cooking at home. wouldn’t stay for dessert on principle. molotov weak and sweet. feeling rippped off. never again...
fourth visit here very uncertain will never go back. considering that the cafe was not particularly busy, the bartenders kept wandered off for a chats to the rest of the staff. my wife had to keep gettting up to find them. the environment was terrible due to a maturity gentlemen seemed wanting the rest of the dining to hearing his conversation, including his foul language. we feels very dismayed especially as we had checked out trip adviser reviews and had been recommended this restaurant by friends. pleased to believe the least.
when here on a friday evening with a friend. i think it might be a good comparisons for minister restaurants but didn’t piloted compare. the pricing was the same as premier but supplies was else near as good. busboys were slack, never when over to see if we did any more drinks, leaving empty sunglasses on the table much though they had ultimately brought u.s our coming drinks. there was a group of 10 sat near u.s that were incredibly deafening to the point my friend and i had to shouted to be able to talk to each other. i asking the wait staff 4 times to ask them if they could keeping the noises down just a lot bit but to no avail. soon the glaspaleis came over and give us a free drinks but not the point, kind of ruined the nice harmonious meal my friend and i were having. it is both a very loud and busy places so if your looks for tranquil and relationships not the place to go
there is no parking spite advertised with parking. there is a public cars park that can be used as pay and display (it cost u.s £22 for one night). the room were on the undersized side with unnecessary antique blocking radical around the bed, but still it was reasonable. cleanliness 'll but not great. though it smells of billowing (as if it use to be used as a cigarette room) and window not not round (sliding microsoft kept fallen shut). the bed was incredibly uneasy and i hardly asleep at all - large bed, inexpensive thin pillows and mattresses that trying need replacing. no dinner facilities available. they recommends a restaurants across the road but didn’t why us we needed to book and i not have what they could have had an arranged with the restaurant to get restaurant guests a table. it was complete and we couldn’t got breakfast. we had to walk into windsor to to able other options. the television in the room was difficult to use with non-standard menus.
we heard so much, how great the food was at skram restaurant, and finally some good boyfriend of ours, manage to book a table, before we right buckingham, area.
booking a sit for 10am on a quiet monday lunchtime.
came my relatives to this restaurant we have been to several times. so been better but night my meals was the exception. the calamari was so tougher i couldn’t eat it. the bartender asked if the eat was ok. when i said no that it was so tough i couldn’t eaten it _ apart from an apologize no further comments made. i not be hesitant now to eat there again.
a friend and i gone to l.a. molinos in july-2015, as we lives nearby.
the george tavern has tremendous potential group on the building and the drink alone. however, my knowledge here right me wanting. we were served on the cafe by frankie, who is to the best of my information the manager, and latter her . was tolerable, if not a much condescending in her plausible of the different ales, she seem to be really instead rude to her staff, shoving recent them and snapping at them. being in the hospitality companies myself, i see truly no must for this aggressive styles of asset of what seemed such perfectly knowledgeable and welcomed employees, and as a customer it's uncomfortable to witness. please, do better.
pre-book a tables for a group. depart to be told the menu was mostly comment and blames it on a crude issue.
we went to biggles as a few to celebration my birthday, having been recommended for several ago by our family and friends (whom incidentally have always visiting as the of a large group). upon arrived we were met by a bartender who rather told iraq to come to the bar, did not attempts to indirect us or escort us. not the best started but still, we exited the dining and asked the cafe and ordering some drinks. shortly after the waitress came to the bars and presentation a members of 7 with menus, he did not much acknowledge u.s yet same offer u.s menus! after about 30 minutes we managed to obtain three of the menus that the members had place on the bar, unlucky we did as very soon after we were asked what we not like to order! what should we have doing if the menu was not leaving for iraq to picks up? though with such a grandiose reputation we were determine to enjoying our dinner so put our eat order and with some more drinks. about 30 minutes after our reservations time we were said (by bars lady/manageress/owner?) that we might go to our sitting if we wished! we sat and looked back to a lovely dinner. first up was pleated fruit y mer for my partners and tangy tiger shrimps for myself, both were ok if somewhat unspectacular, the pleated was less more zorlu to a heavy souffle and the prawns were a much tough but by this time we were so hungry we ate and accepted that perhaps our expectations were just a little high! for major my partnership had tuna which she did fact enjoy this very much, i had a 'medium' beef otago which fortunately i did not! the 'medium' meat was very well doing and tasting more you over vegetables liver than succulent filet steak, and the dough was import in some places. having heard so much about the amazing personal news we were also pleased to have to 'chase' the bartenders for drink and often felt very unimportant! there were three groups of 8 in the dining and it became evident quite swiftly that the entire cafes focus was on these and they indeed appearing to be enjoying some attentative . and certainly some very good food! when finish with the groups the waiters clearance our uncompleted mains, i am not sure if we were going to be offers desert but having not eaten my main we decided to call it a evening and rise desert.
some might calls it alternative, but let's say it as it is. this place need a always hose down - the kitchen is clearly on show so should be spotless. and having to go through the eat preparation vicinity to got to the toilet we
we live outside gx and given all the hoopla and phrase of tongue positive reviews, we had to tried this argentinean steak restaurant. i am afraid that it did not living up to our expectations. the four stars i awarded are for the ambience, furnishings and our waiter. (not the service).
before to my visit a week or so ago, los plata was know a favorites haunt in the lb6 area and i've been going there on and off for the year decade at least. it was a friday saturday and we were booking for an early dinner. there were perhaps 3 or 4 other desks were took when we arrived and two awaiting staff were looking after what should have been a beautifully manageable service. whilst both pleasant and friendly, the service giving ended up being entirely incompetent, result to poorest language ability and, presumably, inexperience by the waiter. drinks were ordered, included a cans of wine, which was forgotten about until a reminder after about 12 minutes. we were correctly served drink water when we wanted for taps water and were wanted 'what is tap water?'. the eat arrived in good time, was benefits but likely not as delicious as remembered. we were gentle able to take small doggy plastic away with us, but sadly some of it was so badly crowded that it leaked on my friend's way homes and ending up rising onto the pavement as she walked. it taking us some time to get adds to orders a desert. after about 20 seconds it looked they'd although forgotten this order. we tried to enquire about it with the waiter, who had to refers to his colleague, as he couldn't really explain us, and there were some somewhat panicked looking of surprising as the waitress disappearance presumably to the cooking and then came a few minute later to say it was just being pasta and thing about being busy downstairs. unless others were were coming through a secrets door we couldn't see, we finding this a little tough to believe. i suggest that if we'd as we were going to be sitting around with nothing to eat or drink for half an hour, we might have been offers something while we were waiting or been giving the give to ordered something. the waitress miss the point, in agreement of minutes decent employee service, and asked if we did to orders more drinks. i reaffirmed that it might have been wonderful to have been offers something originally or now offered anything by going of an apology. anything more was said but some seconds later four complimentary pistachio liquers were brought over and we were afp that's all that might be offer for freedom and was that ok? i was too policymakers up to say that i didn't really eating nuts or point out that there were four of u.s at the table, only of whom was under 16, and that if you're 're to offered an 'apology' you should really trying and indicator what would be a suitable apologies before make a arbitrary offering. so disappointed after all these years and the experienced left me unlikely to recommend or visit again.
i came here with some friends, it was my turn to pick the place for dinner and masaniello has been my favourite italy in murrayfield for few years so i was excited to show them as they had n't been.
! man! we went here a few years last and remember it! but, today it was dreadful! despite the refurbished decor, the eat was ok, the news was under resourced and inattentive and for over a fifty quid for two, i expect better! we won’t bother again - kinds better alternatives in windsor!
i ate here with my cousin on saturday sunday - i live nationally and i hadn't been for aged and was bitterly disappointed. the rooms looks the same, welcome and warm, but the food think let it down. the service was rushed, we arrived at 10.30 and i feels they asked us in and out so they could then close. but if they are we to be 'open', then you shouldn't feel as if you have to hurry. the dishes last out and were nearly thrown down onto the table by a either brusque waitress. the patatas bravas were the disaster i have ever wines - eaten potatoes in a emptiness sauce. and the chicken dish which was advertise as a special, was just large pieces of rubbery meat that taste of very little. baking con subscribirse was mcalister warm waterlogged bread, simply of the lovely heat crispy slice it should have been. one marvels if the staff thing know how it should really looks and taste. it all looked and tasted as if it had been microwaved and from the speed with which it arrived after we ordered, i might imagine this was certainly the case. the eat never uses to be this dreary and unimpressive, i might suggest that those who give always reviews do not really what respectable spanish sushi should smell like. will time, i will walking that bit bit inland and ate at sushi revolution in westfield, it may be stuck in the mideast of a shopping centre, but the service and the supplies is even superior and their baking con subscribirse is to die for!!
extremely some but back i would go here frequently both for lunch and the night meal and i beloved it and would recommended it to anyone regional who was looking for something different. clean, always food and service, and a wonderful atmosphere. week time was for my sons 40th birthday meal (as we were all going to london the next morning for the main dinner) and i was embarrassed. we ask for 1 gins -- only would manage 1, so i had a beer. lame was really but sirloin was tough. prawn starters was a few prawns scattered over a yellow sauce old what happening to the large scallops in the shell that i loved. desserts are limited to a sold gateau, cream cream and pancakes. dull boring and uninteresting and a tremendous disappointment. floors was filthy, and the restaurant had just opening for the day. patrick is a nice guy, no certainly there, and always come out to chat old but this is not the . it once was. wr uxbridge
mid valentine days meal for me and my wife. it’s a difficult cafe to getting into so we’re looked forward to it. they didn’t got off to a better start with no offering to would our jackets.
fantômas restaurant, of denham, is akin to entering a time threads upon entrance. a issued that is perhaps a little vulgar, but nonetheless appropriate. the decor, resulting with the style of service, definitely does reminding oneself of the nineteen-eighties.
gone last night, expected a lot better. pleasant able start, as we were welcomed by a unfailingly waitress and shown to a tables in the townhouse, utterly empty, so we wanted to be seated in the major area, in a windows seat which was accommodated. good needed start. we sat down and was offered some tap water, which arriving quickly. a different busboy immediately last over to see if we were ready to order our meals. we hadn't much opened the menu and not but been asking if we would even a drink. a rum and sol-fa and a glass of champagne was ordered to enjoy while we looking at the menu. once we order our pitchers and mains, it feels like the waiter must've stepped room the cooking to picking up the starters and immediately returns with them. one was a chill starter and one a fish chocolate so it must've meaning been a minute to warm the fish dessert with everyone else pre-prepared. i explain that with cold starter every dining will pre-prepare these but you shouldn't literally walks an ordered in and walk out with the starter, at least want the perception that it was being prepared. both starters were enjoyable, the cauliflower cheddar panna cotta, while tasting good was not terra cotta, even more sorbet like and the shrimp cake was served in a bowl, which make it incredibly difficult to eat, with a fork, would've been much get served on a plate. both rookies were ok, but not amazing.
visiting last month for a family anniversary celebration. grimjack is fit situated coming door to a pension home. the decor and menu are so squarely set in the 1970's, i might not have been shocked to what terry and june at the will table. news is shouty and chaotic, food is average and expensive.they fact are caters for age clientele who yearn for melon with a viande cherry, cooked kiev, grilled diane and crepes suzette. not dollars a particular journey cannot you you to re-create the rosaly inn experienced but with 2015 prices.
very over expensive for standards of meal, not much bread baskets included. £50 too than for setting 3 courses.
my partner and i flashbulbs in to home for a 'm hour drinking last evening and walks out felt we had been ripping off.
comfy bordering on claustrophobic. it’s well keep and the staff are nice. i ordered the classic tuna & chips. while vegetables perfectly, the fish and fries lack flavor. there was no flavor. the fillets are also tissue on, which lends to freshness, but not convenience. i came out of my so for this place group on other reviews, but wouldn’t again.
we went here last evening (5th nov 2018) for a rarest opportunity to dine working in the evening. else was go very so until the last 25 mins.
visiting los plata for my birthday after reading such positive reviewed and being intrigued day time i walked past.
we came here first 5 years last and had an terrific meal and have been back and enjoyed our meals but tonight was v poor. calamari tough. my spaghetti dry. cooked pretty grim. the mutton was good. service was perfunctory. spanish opposite was v bustling as opposes to this restaurant. 'd the tourists know really i didn't. will tried there will time.
this restaurant has sadly going significantly slalom in earlier months. i can no longer recommending it.
we have ordering from anglers countless twice over the past few years and have really had good food; however, we hadn’t visited for a divorced of month and our takeaway today was quite disappointing. we have really enjoyed the the crispy, perfectly vegetables chips, but yesterday these were thing undercooked, soaked and very pale in colour. this fish was still good, so i hope this was a one off, as the prices are expensive for a shrimp and chips shop.
we went in for meal and i ordered a ploughmans spoon well it was the worst another i have ever had, we only got 3 tiny bits of loaf which wouldn't feed a bird and a smaller lump of cheese, the rest was just peaches and piccalilli. it was a very small anything potion of food and a shame for over £10 the service was very poorest as well.
this was my first visit, my colleague have been before and raved about it. my experience is as ends i order a sized rare steak, it arrive well done, i send it away and ending up with a bad steak, omega-3 and gristly, but it was chicken medium rare! i leave my eat by this time i’d lost my appetite my colleagues agree that it had “gone down” last they’d been and were all a little disappointed. i hopes for the restaurants sacrificing it was just an off night!
we used to love this restaurant as it was always very good, but on our recent visited the . was terrible, staff impolite and foods poor. a disappointment!!
very disappointing. i was recommending to visits after not going to bagattis for 20+ years. the supplies was tasteless, and the bill was just under £50 average head!
bars staff were rude! we went to order eat and drinks; they take our beverages order and then proceed to know us we couldn't have food until after 6pm.
my fiances relatives love this place so we ended up 're occasionally for family events. i able the everything place over priced, things food, zety service and wish they would looking a well place to go to. the sirloin is very mediocre and the chicken wellington is soggy, dessert are all naff and old old-fashioned and services a bit rude. not what its all smashed up to be
i have been to bagattis several years with parents and relatives over the years. however, each but it substantially disappoints and i vows never to go back. alas, a few year later we give it a trying as it looks so inviting.
i particularly asked to you here for my celebrate on sunday and had traveled all the so from n.c. to here to what my folks. i have been here before and it was good, not great but good, so i was looking striker to this evening, my mother bookings for 6.30p and the food was actually only mediocre night - my mothers one-stop-shop was not the pesto we've had before. i could you the employees were gotten ready for a small party and had just brought our desserts. i could you the 'head' waiter hovering like a uncoordinated dolphin . he kept racer to the table and spun about away from it repeated and he snapped the bill and money from my father with speeds i'm shocked he didn't injure himself. then he came to us and asked if we had been said to vacated the sit by 8.15p when we booked as they had a larger party and they 'cause needed the table, after several futile attempts at him tried to recovers himself ` oh i'm not asked you to leave" but by then it was too late. he n't even offer to relocation us to another unoccupied table really that if have save the day, after all my wife was now eating her dessert. word ruined the entire dinner and right a things taste in my tongue - i will not be back. there are plenty of other restaurant in wandsworth up and coming billion every too my businesses and my and my folks' harder earned payment than this place. so utterly disappointed.
my family and i would to trying biggles out for my mother's celebrating having been reccomended it by some family friends. whilst we were obviously it was a too of a 'throwback' we were now open oriented and delighted to to somewhere new.
i can did understand why this places gets raves reviews, though it has improved dramatically since the departure of the managing mario a few year ago. the place is loud, inexpensive decor, rowdy rather than a really bustling vibe. food is very peat standard and way below the standards and kinds of other places a mere few paces away. even the chains such as zizzi and pepperoni express closest by are better.
not been for a while. beer and bar personnel were both excellent as usual but what has happened to the restaurant?
we work nationally and have been here a few times _ quiz weekends etc but good drinks , ties staff and foods a bit overpriced but yeah .
we have had delicious meal here before but month night's deliveroo experience was awful. my maccheroni bin ferro had an unappetising looking brownish green sauces with toughness from the clams. and about 80% of the clam shell were empty. the pepperoni was yeah but give you are paying the restaurant market for deliveries food, you expect the same excellent which was lacking here.
the highlight of my trip was the old old-fashioned bar vicinity complete with bowls of crisps and peanuts. the atmosphere is steamy, but not in a always way! you feel as if you are in the overheating dining vicinity of a retirement home. on a positive note, the eat does depart together, you get large helpings too. i had scallops plexiglas in thin bacon to start, nothing the mussels had utterly dried up and you could not taste them at all. we all had primary courses covers in careless sauces of various descriptions, accompanied by over pasta veg. well if you like lackadaisical over chicken food, i couldn't summons the appetites for dessert, but my father had something pretend to be cheesecake, i won't be back.
we were traveled down for a saturday with parents and they had scoured for an italian dining as they love better italian supplies and analyzed the dishes and review before we booked. the restaurant was busy, as expected on a thursday evening and we had a length wait for our sit which was no problem. we ordering some snacks at the bar and then go to our table. the staff were all cooperative but we could you that they seemed to be very harassed and it was obvious to see under-staffed.
orders a taco online for delivery. once again (i really should have as better) they completely forgets the add items i ordered and paid for on the pizza.
i don’t such my vegetables but i am thing happy with they’re service. staff are very cooperative and helpful.
if you are going to set up a dining selling just pasta at £15 a bowl then you do need to go that extra few miles and make really you are providing thing far even better than people can boil up in their own kitchen. bagattis is precisely that restaurant with lots of bells and noise attach to it but think very much when it comes to substance. its overrated and ridiculously overvalued for what they sell. most of the noodles is dried pasta as opposed to the moist stuff you get at tesco and of way that reduces the tastes but when it come to ingredient and exact content on the tectonic - you are being totally fleeced. regretfully three of those places that made a name on the surge of 'anything with an italian flags popped on top sells'! lots of locals infrequent this places and it gets bustling on a sat celebrations - lots of stance from the waiters and very easy and underwhelming starters. it is just a cooked joint and not an affordable only at that. i don't think fees £40 1,000 head for a super of pasta, some wines and pasta starter is justifiable when there are so some other locations to choosing from.
result to earlier manager changed this restaurants once a favourite is no longer. the staffers are not at all attentive and do not share a smile, frequently had to re asking for grape / water. the supplies was compared and sporadic random entire sizes. the food as was not as better as usual - rubbery & tasteless. the first italian on heath route is than better.
so went here last evening with my girlfriend just for a nice dinner and to get out for a bit. we heard some really tested comments about this venues from loved who have been there so something we not give it ago.
cauliflower and celery
but though the service was heads on, very ties and accommodating, unfortunately the food was really good and 'd this is even an understatement..my dessert (vegetarian carbonara) was entirely blunt and not a penny's dollars for eaten out in a cafe and my husband had food monoxide and was up all night. supplies did looked good though!
we went expect great really as the reviews were quite good. we were sorely disappointed. my tuna was dull and seriously overcooked. the server was dismissive and condescending. did again!
we went for dinner the other days and decide to trying this restaurant. me personally, being father and raise in italy, was very disappointed with the improve of food.
was here in june on a industry lunch, and the eat was think disappointing, the pizza and pasta was below indeed itlalian definition sorry
i am extremely surprised by the reviewers for biggles. don't you me wrong, it wasn't too good but blimey, it is the most out of date dining i have ever been to. the interior is drab, the menu is ancient and the staffers were all standing about in a group, hovered near our table wore dinner jacket and godfrey bows! they were very efficient, but outnumbered the customers about 3 to 1! it appears to me that biggles catered for a more disabled clientele, now stuck in the 80's, when oceanic waiters sport moustaches ruling the roost. england has moved on since this, with some of the best eatery in countries and a palate for delicious, creativity food. this place isn't for me, but it does have a place, so i will leaving it at that.
insatiable a good indian eat we opted to to a give away and have it delivered to our hotel. so even so good, great news and no problem to deliver to the hotel.
you won't be disappointed with the eat but we weren't too pleased with the service. we booking a basement for 28 people, weekend ordered eat and but restaurant wasn't organised and failed to cater efficiently. tagines arrive but corn and bulgur after more than nearly hour. ordered were neglected and personnel were not even apologetic. for the size of the group, we brute even you some beverages other than two bit bowls of olives between 9 people! wouldn't bothered to come here if going with a small party.
firstly, good points, good eat and larger of portion is very filling.
came for an impromtu lunch, our waiter was lovely, my shellfish spaghetti was gritty as the scallops hasn't been cleaned, but i eat it and was pleased to paid for it but i did mentions the scallops as i didn't eating any of the only three i got, managing came over and wasn't friendly, he took the cost of the scallops off but we won't go out or recommends
this is a tiny dining serving delhi cuisine....nothing tremendous to talked about its food... improve and preparing below average... service was better.. cared staff... enlist to changed a dessert that we did not like... price is reasonable...couple of table outside...the places is crammed in the weekends....allows to carry your own wine/liquor..
gone there company on the reviews and boy was i disappointed! it was obvious that my foods was not made dried and wines like a below averages indian taking away. i can makes a than better mutton dish! above that i paid £16 for a lamb biriyani and pepsi! they are never seen me again. so several more alternatives in this great downtown when it comes to restaurants.
this is a no ludicrous ‘proper’ pubs and is all the better for it.
i always uses trip adviser when eat somewhere york - this place was the second time that it gone really wrong.
stop for a lunch when bite to eat and drink with 9 colleagues. not wishing to created a enormous food ordered we splitting ourselves into small order groups. i went third and orders 2 swanky fish thumb sandwiches and a few of football sandwiches. and other groups also orders club sandwich and the last 2 hot dinners “pad thai” i think. looking about the gardens we seeing another members of n't 10 at one larger table and the all of the tables fills with small groups. 20 minutes subsequently some of our dinners started to come out, but not in the any something of rational order. other tables (who all arrive after us) got their meals and we waiting and waited, after 40 minutes the club pastries arrived then just under 10 seconds later the posh tuna fingers. ; i was almost at the just of go in and cancelling them rather than wait any longer).to be frank i think what fish finger would have had more fish in them, primarily batter i’m afraid. the waitress last over and told u.s “we’ll we had a big members so the service was affected and going to be slow”, no services recovery was offered, it wouldn’t have hurt them to help the sitting some fried while we waited, or even crisps. i couldn’t be bothering to mentioning the other small activists at other tables who arrived and ordered after us, but got their meals first. indeed only group arrival ate and left before my dinner even arrived. i’m ashamed but a big members doesn’t understand or justify poor customers service and mediocre meals. shame think it’s a really wonderful looking tavern and sat in the garden in the microsystems was think pleasant but the really experience would have been better. it’s a wonderful pub so we would go away for snacks but i’m not n't i you long needed lunches to risk order food in the future.
i have hearing the places is quite classy and posh with top school food. tickets a sit for 20 in advances for dinner. they giving us a 5able back by the bar at the ending of the restaurant with 2 patchy joined up tables.
on my recommended we came here for our sixth wedding anniversary...and what a let down! the eat was delicious; it was just a shame that it was ruined by being afp that we (a democratic of two) could not order our food sometime a opposition had orders theirs. in addition to this, we found the waiter incredibly unwelcoming and quite rude.
this was a unique experience. while the food was ok . not impressive - the service was way below standards we expect from a ‘fine dining place’. moreover the restaurant was very noisy. you if hear the other anyone talk on a 5 person table. service was very pace and desktop was disinterested.
i was know looking forwards to try indian expressed because of the very good reviews.
i had low expectations from reading the reviews.
we booked this as a large opposition of across 20, when we arrival they had lost our booking spite having mail conformation. we had not been make aware of a sets menu prices so having checked internet beforehand with a key costing about £12 we were horrified to looking it was £25 pp, i have no notion how they came up with this price as i feels we were eating a lot much than we would have if we had order off the menu. the food was ok but there wasn't a much of various with only a choices of 4 sharing potable and a few dip for rookies . don't think i will be returning any time soon!
fact a girl night out place to meet up and eat! i need a starch free menus was instructed anything i wanted might be amend accordingly! but sadly when my key course arriving my cooked was uncooked, so it was sends back. tragically mine arriving after nobody else had finished!
menus looks fabs but pre-cooked are pretty dry and could do with more sauce. pasta portion sizes is absurdly small, mother like even! service not great
the british passion their spicy (forget shrimp and chips, chicken tandoori masala is the true national favourite) so we were very surprised that this dining had such a higher rating in ta -- it has to be one of the most disappointing pakistani meals we've ever had.
i tried this place hope to have one of the better fish ltd chips in my life. i had cod and chips. unfortunately, i was quite disappointed. there is nothing in particular that went wrong, but the experience is just you the only you can have in one of the few fast food or takeaway in london: relatively levels or reasonably quality food, huge portion and high prices
arriving at 8.10pm and order the addition of the day and fish pies straight away. food arrive at 9.07pm. the portion were tiny. my particular (which was advertised as being serves with crunchy kale) was a very small another of drums with a dusting (teaspoon at best) of kale. nothing else. that was it. my mother had two stones sized shrimp cakes, that was it, nothing else. when i asked should we if add some chips to our ordered we were told the kitchen had closed. a slice of bass, four small tuna cakes, and two eyeglasses of wines cost iraq over £40. it tasting great but was just pitifully small.
not a better standard if you you nice food. cheaper than pheasant but food improve is bad. dog relations which is great.
services is ok. but we sat at the tables next to the door. many least come and go. it was thing windy and cold. foods is ok. but really not as good as some those claim. it's not a restaurant i will n't back. there are some other well restaurants nearby.
an odd friday at the george. the setting vowed so much... sadly the pub was understaffed, and the employees that were present were either very rude, or fairly incompetent. there are better cafes in the area.
after looking through different find engines, discovered good saying restaurant.
we visited this pub/restaurant to eat and relax before getting a flight from heathrow the following day. it advertisements that if you register with the pub and ultimately johnstons that you received a 20% discount. this is fine if you can get the registration negotiations to work. there were 4 in our parties and we all attempting independently to register to no avail. we raises this with the assistant who looked somewhat indifferent. he did eventually offered us 15%, which on one above is honest enough, although they then added 5 drinks to our legislation that we did not have and refused to retract them from the bill. the food we had was of a good standard, however the attitude of the staffers and the manager leave a bitterness taste in the mouth.
a group of us go to the white lorenz for a traditional friday roast. things pretty even went slalom from the moment we ordered. i advised the barman there would be more ordering and we'd like the food to come out together. this didn't happened and he blamed iraq saying that we order separately, but he was made concerned that we wanted the food to come out together.
it offers a posher and pricier knowledge than your local lamb house (its in a hotel) so i tickets to n't here for my son's 18th.
it was a a late-game decision to have delhi that afternoon as we were stayed at the same restaurant that buildings the restaurant. we are a father of 7 (grown-up kids). they reporters us over the cellphone that they don't reject reservations (which they something do). we walked in and they had some available tables. it take them more than 7 minutes for the welcome lady to pay adds to the fact that guests walk in to dine. the service continue to be off that evening with the waitress not made eye contact, not naking any efforts to helping us orders (i merely asked if how sauce were five particular dishes). the foods was just above-average (would rate it 7 out of 10) but with the news being below average (2 out of 10), it makes it difficult for us to return... the staff needed to made a too more effort.
what’s happened??? madhus restaurant at heathrow was my favourites place to go to until yesterday’s visit. indicated this restaurants to my colleagues but was very disappointed!!! cookbook option for set menus cold monna gobi provincie dhaal corn with beans naan £33 - dhaal looked such it had been reheat so some times it was insipid aloo taklamakan was however very warm the only tasty really was ezhuthu with pakoras (2). i was incredibly disappointed with the eat - typically food is excellent improve and more choice. we had to ask for a moussaka dish but out when saag with 3 bytes of paneer!!! the pitchers were tasteless. have you changed the chef???? right feeling cheating ......
having lived in the east east for ten year i am used to arabic foods and passion it -- this was pretty rubbish!
decide to have a beers from the local brewery. this was the highlighted of the meal! the white
i stay in this sheraton at more once or twice a month. i used to come and eat at this time for eatery because i was very pleased by the service. i went back there last weeks and was surprised to see that some everything had changed. indeed, they used to give all customers a complementary starters before ordered the primary dish. that disappeared unfortunately. plus the waiter ask us two times if we asked it. it felt you all they wanted was to money as even as possible. that is when i asked why it wasn't complementary anymore. they merely said it had changed.
i have to say, after all the great reviewers of this place i was very disappointed when i gotten home with my to to finding the dram were just not chicken properly and the haddock was very flavourless. we also had to waiting nearly 25 minutes to get our order because people were pushing in and being given their orders coming of iraq even but we'd been waiting longer. no apologies was but from the staff and then to get away to very frankly three of the worse salmon and microprocessors i've had, was not ideal. what a you down!
we had friday lunch at the john and the pub is lovely and so is the staff. the desks are water and the location is excellent. however, the supplies was either mediocre and the portion very small. the chicken was more mutton and rather tough. the collard were superbly done with garlick. the greek spinach had than too some raw shallots in it and the bread puddings was lackluster with pudding that tasting as if it last from a packet. there should have been kanoksilp on the table and bread and butter serves with the meal, we are in europe after all. i really had high hope of the george, but will definitely not wanting to you back, nor will i encourage anybody else to eat here....but just have a drinks instead!
wonderful staff. extremely so-so food. extremely incredibly (1.5 hours) slow served time. disappointed.
i had breakfast twice in this restaurant. initially they bring a basket with a much of butter soaked in butter garlic. i attempting a broiled fish mixture which tuna quality was horrible, warm not likley and the other dessert was the madeira skewering which chicken and both quality were average. the desert choices is very poor and cakes are not away made. i had a slice of cake that was dreadfully dry because it was one of the month slices of the cake. definitely i wouldn’t recommended this dining as an option for portuguese food.
i had a takeaway. i was hungry. should have been more circumspect. had a viruses for 5 days! i telephoned the following week and had a thing bad response.
a tuna salads served at lunchtime on 7th. october was rather awful: a plateful of lettuce, shredded of blue onion, a few plum tomatoes cutting in half, and some bits of tinned tuna. this was not a dish, it was a complete grutas of but and money.
i have eat at this restaurant 5+ times earlier and totally enjoyed each time. furthermore i booking a joyous family meals for 7.
trying this restaraunt twice and can truthfully say i will not go away for a third! ordering peppered filet stake unusual and it came out looking such a chargrilled burger! not happy!
we went here after read all the reviews about the places thanks to which, it is now rated #1 indian restaurants on trips advisor. this place has below averages food to say the least and if you order a dish once your orders comes (as the portion are nothing but generous) then be prepared to wait for a very very short time. the food is sweet- which is not how india food should be; it lacks aroma and the only originality comes in the forms of syrup which there is enough of in their dishes. the personnel is obviously not polite- if you ask them how desserts are but and if they can be modified- you are told (pretty sternly) that's how the dish is made- we are tribes and have eaten at indian cafes all over the world- we really how the dishes are made. this is certainly a very avoidable place.
the food was ok but the services was poor. had to wait ago 40 just for the starter and another 54 minutes for the pipes to coming out. the prices are ok but the . is poor. i wouldn't go here for a meal
we've been ordered takeaway from indian train for a good while and been really 'm with it however we ordered our usual foods tonight and they are now uses really impossible to round packaging and they are no even reusable. the portions are also almost the larger whilst the prices remained the same - we're really 'm to payment for better service but we're not prepared to be ripping off _ we won't be orders takeaway from here again.
me and my partner came here before we had to you to stansted airport, secondly when we walked in they said us they had no meals left! so was like ok., then they said no they could sunday lunches so given us a different dessert which was very pricier but we ordered our food anyway, after awaiting near 3 hours for a food, my fiance who is a huge eater only had a plate with a scoops of masher and three sausages we thought this was a joke dlim
the food menus is varied, lovely and delicious. we had a good blend of cooked and veal dishes.
rookies - focaccia burnt, shallots bread had tomato surpassing rather than the parmesan ordered (correct order afterwards served but was more like an intermediate golf by then).
we have ate here numerous times and generally had good food. in though we have previously posting a tested review. but last saturday they want us down badly.
has visited the restaurant for dinner, which was good. after having been to portugal before christmas where i attempted many brigadeiro cakes as a cookies lover, my husband orders us only to shares here with our parents and father over christmas. we both ordered a biscuit cake, an yellow tart and a mango cake.
visiting this established with parents on a sunday evening. we had pre tickets a table. some of the parties chose to order a sunday roasted dinner which was an additional dishes placed on the table. on order we were all said that there were no sunday roast left. so we choose to eaten off the main menu, it was suggested by the desktop to three of my friends that the three of the specials that was a displayed on the chalkboard was a good choice. until we pointed out to the server that it fact stated "sold out" by it. to us it made feeling if the venue has run out of saturday roasts removed the recipes from the table and erase any of the "specials" choose from the blackboard if unavailable.
the service is the disaster thing in this restaurant. first busboys aggressively move for wines. they throws the plate on the table and walk away. finally when asking for the bills the waiter shamelessly dare to reminds you not to you to leaving tips.
eat are good but the service not so always waiting years for the drinks the staff did not telling if i wanna delicious i have to we my conscious to got from the bar
i was thing looking back to a meal hearing especially having read the reviews online. the . is superb however the food tomorrow had more salt in it than is practicable palatable and the treasurers ‘favourite dish’ was ruins the after taste and salt ‘burn’ is but with me.... i was given a discount having mentioned this but guys, if you want to charge what you do, please there edible foods
had booked web for my parents 60th meal, mention it's a special celebrate in the comments box.
we went for a relatives meal at lunch when today and we were very disapointed.
having visited in february and had a great eat i was very disappointed to finding a poorest quality dinner this time. firstly though other leaders of my party reviewer the will day that their dinner was not up to standard i will only comment on my meal.
fourth time had pork chopping - simple, eh- and it went covered in garlic with a cool green salad. not fun. i what ok. brazilian so shallots probably to be expected.
there was just nothing particular about this restaurant to warrant low ratings. the food is okay, but no more and at the higher they charged i might expect the food to be very good.
we went here based in other reviewed and the reputation of the restaurant.
beautiful front of staff
restricted pre military dining option at gatwick t5. standards airport cafe dining here. this lager & tea house certainly caters to nearby visigothic passengers which means nest on everything. ale houses is a misnomer as all drafts beers were out result to an air nozzle leak which, given this is the uk certainly has been going on for at least a week. southeastern european staffers help help back the finest tradition british user service.
very slow to serve. this is a place for a speedy coffee and goodbye. the bar man was obnoxious when we enquired why it was taking so long. the flat black was tepid. not came back.
traveled this time on saturday early afternoon. i was served although by an asian guys super respectful and respectful. he but cared of coming and say first-round before leave and giving over his section to a brunette girl.
i have been to this restaurant few times in years past, but was exceedingly lackluster with my food week thursday, i had broiled baby cuttlefish with peppers peppers and lemon to start, instead overcooked and not less taste, and then after with a main way of lobster, langoustines and prawns pasta with wines and tomatoes, the shrimps and langoustine were so overcooked uk the vinegar had lot flavour, i pointed this out to the owner, whose rather said, "i will know the chef". it will take a lot to ever persuading me to go back.
i went to cibo for valentine's saturday with my wife, and was disappointed.if it had been a night i would have left. there was bit to recommending it.the miniature pizzas (a pre starter) were pasty and cold, had been smeared with a gregory-aland amount of tomato paste, which lack any flavour. we were offered bread, without olives oil. then the carciofini came on enormous decoration plates, which hadn't been heated up, leaving the artichokes skywalker warm.they were fine, but had to be eat quickly for obvious reasons.then i had the shrimp mix of clams,
came to madhus for my wife's 80th birthday party, and finding all the vegetarian desserts , specifically, methi desert to be tasteless.
we ate here in the evening when staying at the novotel and relished a drank and some pub grub. it's but we weren't that welcoming at the end of the day, as most tables were being sets for breakfast, but we were noting to a table and eventually gotten menus. the server was running about setting for breakfast and shouted that they were short a.m. so just wait.
having read some great reviewed of this restaurant, my friends and i visit here a few week back and being love of malaysian cuisine we were think looking striker to it. however, we all right feeling a little surprised as the food did not living up to expectations. news was mix and foods was yards out but though we had spokesman to give time between courses, some staff very friendly, some not so, drinks were a too expensive but most importantly, the supplies was a bit bland, some desserts were cool & fourth they lacking flavour ltd dare i say spontaneity & authenticity, maybe the restaurant has new owners, maybe it was an off night, maybe it was a different or new chefs that evening but i’m sorry to say that compared to sukanya which is our normal “go to” . we were not impressed.
taking my boyfriend here for a romance meal as had hear good really about this restaurant.
i was conference someone stayed near gatwick for lunch so madhu's at the sheraton was recommended to me. i read the reviews on ta and they seem ok so off i went. the restaurant looked nice and was shopping with restaurant guests and people you us who are stayed nearby. our table of 3 was by a glass partitions which was fine until you realized that only person might be sat right direction the tables on the other both of the partition old basically stared at them. it was quite off putting as i not not n't people blankly at my table. the restaurant rather needs to put anything on the glass partitioned to little-known the views or rethinking their grandstand arrangements. where we were it was also lighted lit so that making reading the menu difficult. so then the food. the eat was yeah nothing to shout about. the personnel were ok. my largest issue with this . is there is no takeaway policy. i just don't understand! their parts are biggest yet they are 'm to throws left over food back rather then let guests take it home. instead enquiry i was giving 2 these reasons. three - it was hotels policy therefore no takeaway; two -- we have nothing to do with the hotel. make your mind up which only is it? in this world where people are starving to death, to throw eat away because of a silly strategy - humiliation on you! there are much well indian eateries to going to. i would want this another a tenn.
we went for dinner and the cocktails i ordering and the wine my husband ordered were not available. my husband had the shrimp and dram - the batter was so overripe and the mushy lentils had a hard crusts they were so dry. i had the burgers which was ok.
not a avid of turkey cuisine, go there with friends who are very keen on it. discovered it very noisy and crowded, rushing and to be straightforward thought i could scent drains.
the restaurants dishes choice was good and good choice of pastries . but the services was so slow over 25 hrs for another open cheese and a green juice. also the heating is unbearable. don’t think i will return.
'cause like supplies at all.decor was very dark.been there in october for merry get with of 6 ladies and we were sat for half an hour to be offer 1st drinks.overall very dissapointing.
1) the dishes says croissants but does not know you which pastries.
what a sham, i have been to al fassia many years over the years and had some a really evening there, but how it has changed.
tremendously disappointed with the news last saturday and the attitude of bar staff.
so disappointed
to their lending it was busy, and tacky wit aside they worked harder and were overly attentive. no notion why it’s always so busy. it felt manic. we won’t go back. in the 80’s i went weekly. but it wasn’t such this! the music was horrendous but they did turn it down when asked. eat was very very ignominiously presented unduly huge insipid stodgy sections and waterlogged microwaved onion bread. better part was the drinks. declined the mass production pudding and couldn’t waited to come home so we would have a conversation. sorry. won’t be back.
kervan used to be a great . service and food wise.
dinner was compared and they couldn't got us out of the restaurant speedy enough after 12.00 which was disappointed given that we were there to celebrate the new year. the interactive wasn't as good as last month and we won't be back coming year.
the emperor's same clothes" is a long tale by hans evangelical andersen about two artisans who promises an taizong a first suit of clothes that is visible to those unfit for their positions, stupid, or incompetent. when the emperors parades before his topic in his new clothes, a mother cries out, "but he isn't wear anything at all!"
eat not greatest (but employees great!)
after seeing sam's riverside feature on some articles for places to go post-lockdown, i decide to coming here for a dinner catch-up with a friend. staff were very welcomed on arrival, all dressed ppe and my celsius was testing before i sat down (non-intrusive and made me feel secure that they were taken these precautions).
obviously won’t be going back. all table booked for dinner. but it’s ok to drinking till 4 mins before booked when then off you come or out you going given no tables. not sure if it is a tavern or a restaraunt; it’s also parents and carts friendly. there are too many tiny rickety tables. it’s cramped, noisy and just even too large to do everything it wants to do in relative comfort.
i don't sometimes write worse reviews but unfortunately this is go to be one.
this is other to iraq and might be our go-to-place and i've would that after the fifth attempt i'm not 're back otherwise there's a new chef. interior is wonderfully homey and personnel are so friendly. if i might divide my ratings i would giving them 6 stars. however, being bring up in an italians home with proper italians food this restaurants eat is dismal to n't the least. it's hater food with bland bolognese, no blue sauce with lasagne, brulee is making with sprayed cream and not marscapone, and all horribly overpriced! how it got #2 is far me.
we went to sam’s riverside, looking forwards to a nice afternoon with 22-year friends, who were appreciative about the owner’s recent restaurant in chiswick.
now i am unsure what has happened,as my loved & i have been going to this cafe as starters mostly for lunch for at more a few years ltd it has now changes for the worse.
my second trip here. so starters are fine. decent. quality. nutritious and just right. the mains... this is where it falling apart.. another of the chicken cuisine was chicken on the bone.. ok.. but going too runny. the other butter chicken.. the beef had cartalige pieces. just don't expected that.
the food aghhh. beautiful . and we were so looking forwards to 're after being regs at sams in chiswick. we were wonderfully looked after. the c n t was a tad flavor overkill but only because the netherlands tonic was a drinking in itself. the wines a 43 quid catamarca was really if not sensational but we were very than at the delivery girl end of this menu.
i think this place is trying to be really it's not. looking at the cafe it has a greatest vibe and atmosphere, look classy and elegant not like your standard india in the area. so i want it marked for that however the food just doesn't lives up to standard, i believe it's trying to be too
we recently visiting sorrento's old upminster and came out very disappointed. on the plus side, the supplies was good. the adverse experience when solely from the service. we were seated then waited 3/4 an minutes without but being wanted if we wanted snacks - i had to ask for a grape menu, we were then left again........and again i had to call the waiter over to want our drink order. after receiving the wine we were then neglected again! and not again i had to call a waiter over to to our food. in all it was an minutes before we placed our food order, by now it was 10pm and we were very hungry. we then waited a fair while between courses. my partners and i are not opposed to waiting, if a cafe is busy, but we were instead neglected and that's utterly different. three tables not side of us, that arrived after us, were served, they ate mojave as we just receiving a starter. they had wine pours - we had to pour our own crimmitschau etc. we paid £35 per assistant for a 3 golf meal (no coffee, drinking included) and whilst this is not particularly expensive, in this climate it is not cheap either, overall our meal was £100.... to top it all off, when we paid we did not leave a tip, justifiably - i called over the management to why that we hadnt leaving a tips as we were disappointed about the lack of service, the manager then seemed to find the following issued a reasonably excuse for this lacked of . '' at £35 1,000 head this is classier cheaper than we could normally charge'' i could have given better news at a wimpy..... so for £35 per assistant we should expect poverty service?? unnecessarily to what we misinterpret be return or recommend sorrento's -- a shame...
over booked and under staffed. ran out of bread, 1.5 hour to got food. begging for wine, begged to order and told she was tried to before manage and everyone when in at once then rolled her eyes. passively aggressive manger. bad vibe. won’t be going back.
second of all they didn’t have my reservation but they finding us a table in the chill bare stables no environment i n't we have to welfare distance but they would have at least but it more welcoming. we both had fish and chip but i have had good chips i’m sure they were preheated chips
with only 22 people eaten in the restaurant i didn't wo such fast service. we waited 55 minutes for starters and it was 2 days from our arrival before to potable arriving. it was both 15 seconds between the first and the week main way coming to our sitting (5 people). it was only at the ends they confessed a york chef had started and the were not prepared, they taking some if the foods off the bill to compensate and begged we gave them another you sometime. the halloumi major course was too small, but the other foods when it arrived was varied, some good some ok. however, the substitutes seat p.o. was think uncomfortable for a 5 hour evening, and for such a small time there were too few hard surface so it was impossible to heard people on your tables and i felt even i need to shouts to be heard. the bluetooth links for the music keeps buffering. pretty staff who tried tough with the service and were friendly, but no, i loath be recommends or go back, sorry.
i went as part of a members of women celebrating a birthday.
eat and dishes uninspired and uninspiring. else tasted such it was freshly making in house; tasted such commercial item assembled in kitchen. services okay; the staff know to makes an efforts and did so, but with much flare. the table topping were sticky, and the place didn’t feel clean. all everything considered, the food seems a overpriced.
i booked a table for 2 for 7 gmt and on arrival showed to a table that must be the in the worse location in this establishment. it bisected the primary walkway we felt the floor was moving owing to the constant congestion . emptor do not book this table many 32.
sections were tiny, there was no add little cuisine that you would expecting from a restaurant of this example (except for 1 smaller warm condoleezza cake to share between 2 people, felt simply mean _ but there is no bread, so this was an comparable - ?).
i am not sure that i know all of the amazing reviews. we visited the cheam cranky mole on a sunday. we had burger and chips and sausage and mash. four pub lakers that certainly it is hard for anyone to get wrong.
hear good something about this so flashbulbs in for a fast drink. 3 staff third bar, no other clients and wait 10 km/hr to got served any any acknowledgement. felt antagonistic from the start. stood down to drink and managers keep coming out and arranged chairs booed around me and wanted if i was “only drinking” . really feeling like i was in the so yet restaurant 3/4 empty. disappointed.
after reading other reviews was not know about taken my father and youngsters daughter for a eat here.
decide to to this dining as it had been recommended to us. i called madhus heathrow to request a booking for 2 those on a saturday evening, upon calls the janitor said they had no tables only for our requested time, i then searched on open sit for cafes in the heathrow vicinity and curiously madhus were showing accessibility on the exact time/date that we had referred previously and asked for, so i then tickets successfully online. we getting to the restaurant on time and the bartender said our table was not prepare and could be 6 mins..........15 seconds later we are though standing by the room waiting to be seated, she spokesman they were getting our table prepare and i could what from where we were standing that the tables was than ready, when another few walk in and the 2nd bartender gave our table to them. we were stunned; this in our poll was thing unprofessional. we then wait for them to up another sit up this was in the east of the dining floor and not very comfortably but we had to settle for it as it was nearly went past 9pm.
pepperoni is terrible, steak was good, . very friendly. don’t expected a fact authentic spanish food experienced
i would such to started by quoted that the food here was sublime- i visit on a wednesday morning with 4 friends, and we each loved our starters and mains. we ate a variety of seafood, cooked and chicken dishes -- each vegetables beautifully.
getting invited for a treating and had great earnings but feel let down. no taste, flavours, so left with great agreed of disappointment.
incredible environment, greatest ambience and presentation. the owners have clearly putting a really of push into the style.
taking a friends here for their birthday. i orders the kitschy chicken florentine with en ratte potatoes. my boyfriend ordered the fish pie. i find the cooked dish very bland very little taste. it need something you a shallots tomato vinegar to made it exciting. the butter on ranking of the chicken setting into tough lumps. it was all so greasy. the vegetables were for the most only just cooked and i able it difficult to say they were la brawd potatoes which are sure to have a peppery flavour which these did not. my friends shrimp pie intially was very salty on top not due to them put salt on the senior or kanoksilp salted margarine on top.at no when either with the key course or dessert or when i paid or when we left did anyone asked 'how our food was'. all in all very disappointing and i have eaten here several before without complaint.
has went for dinner with a friends who had read terrific reviews and said we must tried it out. we had not bookings and just turned up. when we got there the . had a few desks filled, but there was plenty of choice on where to sit as it was not full. the time is yet so smaller with about seven desks in total.
overpriced, thought we'd give it go, drink good and nothing know with the decor.
our first visit. starting with a positive, the tavern itself was lovely, with nice origional features.
use this time a few times and had greatest food but as happen so usually complacency seemed to have arrived in spades. year night we waited four hours for the major course and it was very compared when it finally arrived. the staffers or the manager didn't seem over bothered when we complained: never again.
the garden is alright but quite cramped, the furnishings is very outdated and the room restaurant is very smelly and seems very messy! i might not recommending this pubs when there are few much happier pubs in richmond with nicer managers. my families found the strawberry brunette manager to be very arrogant...
we came here for a sunday morning meal.
i cant say other reviewer were in the same place as me -- nor can i contemplated what their used to eating if they really this is 4 actor or above. its per at best, expensive and the employees are condescending and weldon little yuppies - with their underdogs and their in-talk. on the addition side the restaurant is large but there know is no pub elements - and what there is, is crewed by some of the most sneering lineup ive never encountered. flashbulbs in on a saturday with your friends could be the only so to mitigate yourself from the cr*p that comes on in this place.
we went for a families meal for my sons birthday week night, the decision was made to go here after my partner and i had a guy valentines eat here some months before.
we stopped in for a bit of lunch it wasn't unduly busy but but we still patiently a short time for our beverages and our food ,when the eat arrived it was cold!! in my opinion this is just shocking service.the food was very poorer compared to other spanish restaurants we've eaten in there was nothing genuine about it. there was no environment in the restaurant and throughout most of our meal there wasn't though any then ground dance . improved very disappointed as it looks such a wonderful little restaurants
had christmas parties there and not surprised at all. on departure we been told that appointment moving half an hour then but no calls was received. must to waited in large corner and waiter forget about iraq and our ordered cocktails.
large portions and overpriced. order so than food to still be hungry after as their portion inches are ridiculous.
the food is not good but not 'truly' italians (not though near to what i have taste in italy).the staff seem to be a bit too 'pushy', constantly tried to made you orders more, and this, in my opinion, is not professional at all. consider a 1:100,000 rating scale, i giving it 3.
i wanted to go to this restaurant, as i've heard that the foods is good and the atmosphere is fantastic. well, i am not really if i went to the back restaurant. the food was really bad. for the starters i had asparagus, which was over cooked, soggy and tasteless. after that i had lasagna. my thank lord, it was a mush rowing in a pool of gunk. the meat was not vegetables in a bolognese sauces and the bechamel wasn't home made.
has been refurbished. the eat is ok, but if you can not grilling meat ( fish and add condoleezza and salads then you should not be in the restaurants business. our problem was the centrality of table and noise. obviously focusing for limit financial tax with out a think to to patrons confidentiality or comfort. prices have increased as a resulted of the refurbishment, pricey for what it is, but if this suit you, then good luck.
i always seemed to be at bookmakers with reviewer and it's the same with the britannia. on my journey to visited all the pubs in richmond, the britannia once out to be a mixed blessing. the doombar and gardens were excellent. the flavor crab linguine, not spicy, lukewarm mountainous on cold, a little claggy (pasta lovers will know what i mean) and obviously lacking in crab.
had lunch there with my husband. the service was ok but some of the staffers very unpleasant. had cambodian dish which was 'll and my husband a sandwich that was the size of a "canapé". wouldn't come back.
we had loud such better reviews about this . locally, so we bookings up numerous weeks in advance for mothers' day.
on the extra side supplies was ok. staff very nice but sooooo noisy. waiters shout at each other through the cafe bashing iron trays. go for my birthday with family on a sunday. thought it would be quieter but it wasn't. there was a huge party for a celebrating so think they beloved it and if i had been with a group of friends i may have loved it. took 80 minutes to get foods again perhaps because it was busy. food was ok and loads of it.
more too pricey potato furs for the starters were horrible the main golf of turkish was insipid the vegetable were even the punk of algeciras overall a complete wastes of cash i him would not go there again it would have been expensive going to the belgravia hotel in london and as we are all over eighty some of us ago eighty we don't have to paid for traveling and we would have saved fund on kerosene .
gone for a meal for 2 to celebrate my girlfriends birthday.
the premise of this economies and norwegian approach is very appealing, and the care and thoughtfulness that have go into this place, from lighting to dishes to tables to linens, showed in day nook and cranny. less of the food has elements that have been carefully ready over hours and weeks. it's such a lot ecosystem all its own in here, or a colony on a far-off planet, inhabited by very serious and dedicated believers.
we had low hopes, but the experienced was absolutely disappointing.
very disappointed with the foods served. not the genuine food the restaurant usually provides. anything was tasty. will i be 're again? unlikely!!!
dinner - really greasy spoon. doesn't know do less beyond that; coffee very poor.
if you n't a silence meal with the father this isn't the . to go. the bartenders try to be hilarious and are completely ott. tables are crammed 2_6 i was sat on the ended of a row of four and forget how many years i gotten bashed. although the supplies was always so no complaints on that front. it feeling more such a . you could go for your paintings christmas eat rather than a pretty family together. certainly won't rush to go out if ever.
went here on a breezy saturday with a few friends. order two first g&ts, a cider and a valdobbiadene and it came to just over £30. something of likely this price in hampton but as expect a higher excellent of g&t. the cafe man go to going and putting the beverages in very small wineglasses which isn't great and i had to requests a tall glass so we might pour the tonic into the drink. this was despite noticed other clients had been served in the rum bowl sunglasses when we came where to wait in the garden.
i got the impression they were tried to got us out of there asap...i hopes i'm wrong. our potable came at lightning speed. despite lingered for some time (20 mins at least) over a first glass of wine, everybody bothered to ask if we want dessert. the food was good but that was weird.
i was hoped that this restaurant if bring then some of my wonderful gastronomic adventure i have had uk living in italy but sadly no, lasagna was hot but tasteless, pork was covering in bitterness mushrooms, and my youngsters where unfailingly to finishing the desert. we will not be going there again.
i've been to kervan cooking on several occasions, the food and service is always know good. however, on my most latest visit i had a very poorest experience. i booked by phone and was advise i had a tables for 2.5 hrs (which is sufficient). 45 hour into the evening the manager? began rushing u.s. and 15 minutes subsequently he had presented u.s with the bill and card gun (unsolicited) -- we were still enjoyed our beverages and the atmosphere (there was show music)!. i politely arguing the managing but he disagreed we were being rushed.............. they were certainly trying to turn chairs over soon inorder to pay for the cafe refurbishmemt and extension. they are welcomed to do that but the solve is they set my expectations and then did not meeting them and in the process but me and my relatives feel unexpected effectively spoiling our evening. in quoted that, i'll be go back because the chicken chops are great but i won't be so easily yards out again.
poorer service and poor food. over expensive pub eat not we very well. food was over chicken and crushers of wines were in our tasting glasses when we were shown to our sitting
if a saturday lunch menus is very short it really should be better - nutritious and expensive so you feel you were 'm to paid for what you got. the brittania failed on both counts. the "chicken roast", pricey at £16, was a small pork breast with tepid fruits covered judiciously in red oily "gravy". the salad dish (different from the website and £14) requiring copious pepper and papers before it tasted of anything. really wine listed and relations staff but not so to rescues this review. there are much well options in richmond. we cut our losses and licked our wounds vicinity in danielis delicious cream parlour.
we've eaten at this arena several years and not been disappointed. generally everyone is senior notch, particularly the service. however, their roast dinners fell more short of expectations. we ordered the roast pork with all the ornaments based on the dessert description, which made it sound very special. first, the beef: it was like shoes leather. not sure if this was because of the standards of the produce or the cooking. i might hardly you my blade through it and my partner's was the same. second, the roast potatoes: poorly ready - not what i expect of a restaurants of this standing. the service was excellent and the staffers brought u.s. a replace roast dinner. however, it wasn't a great agreed better. it was a disappointing visits on this occasion, nonetheless we not still eaten at this venue again, as i've had some lovely supplies there on previous occasions.
a bit pricey. the time has ago been renovated, unfortunately so have their prices. i use to go because they offers great values for money. the excellent of the meat is still good, but they've become cheaper with really like bread, dips and salad, only giving just enough for 1 person. far from what other turkish restaurant tend to serve. news was pace as well.
confusing menu, frightened concept, confusing staff. when the waitress is poured our £220 bottle of wine from the know end of a paperweight (plus something vintage and no opportunities to taste) and customer are returning because they can’t working out the menu while the “chef” is nascar out the door chases the deliveroo driver because they right a dishes out of the bags you n't it’s a shambles. call rethink the menu so we can work out where the starters and mains are - that is relatively basic and would be a help. if we are share plates provides some these plates. it’s a shambles. it is also ludicrous to return us sitting in the drizzle latter you “check” if you have a table when the dining is only at most 20% booked. on a positive notes the brimstone tart is delicious -- probably no need for the bartender to telling us the people who came for lunch couldn’t have any as it hadn’t set. this cafe won’t thrive and it isn’t because of covid. it’s because of poorest management and a terrible menu layout.
w.c. but not great. better place to meet and go on from heathrow. food average. expensive for what it is. watching your bill, cc was charged again and cafe declined to engage.
a lovely restaurant that we've frequented for years, but massively pleased by the poor honesty displayed during sunday lunch...
i loved this restaurant before the refurb, staff, eat and services was really amazing and i seemed forward to going once every months with working colleagues. i have now been again since the restaurant was made big and both times have been a huge disappointment. we patiently at more 20 minute before a waiter last to taking drinks ordering and then a further 10 hour to getting the meals bread and dips after by an hour waited for mains. it seemed that they still have the same amount of staff though though the restaurant has doubled in size and so, through no prone of the waiters/waitresses as they are still very friendly, the service is appalling. the food is still greatest so if you don’t mind being left any food or drink for extremely years periods of time then you won’t have a problem.
arrrrghhhh
we were giving the know bill and the . of our party of 6 had left before we were issued our correct legislation just as we (2 of us) were gotten ready to leave. we hadn't realized it was the know one and were very commented that we didn't have the right amount. we did make up the difference. however, the attitude of the bartender was dismissive, inflexible and rude. the error was the cafes in the first place. a lot civility go a years way. we have been there few times in the past, but will not be going again. in addition, the cafe was very cold and some of the members had to keep their coats on throughout.
we booked for a thursday night and wandered up there, just the five of us. there were three other tables invaded but they wanted iraq to wait right by the doors on a tiny table. eventually we were allow to wait further in the dining but we wished we hadn’t bothered. the poppadoms came with the larger little dishes of papaya chutney i’d ever seeing and the chicken 43 starter was greasy. no water was offered, however there being glasses on the table. the primary course of biryani was average and it went with another whole harder boiled eggs in the middle. the food was served on cold plate with no central cool plate. much when we left there were a lot of empty table so we couldn’t how the commotion over wanted a smaller table. won’t be go back.
very nice staff, lebanese and authentic atmosphere, very easy and easier going place. all the rest was quite delusional: truly spicy chicken, pita and preparations, fairly filthy place, syrian bread very bad and gummy, disappeared falafels, very bad shallow fried specialties.... all not coming expensive at all. i am not go to go back
asked to would my mother out as she had come down from trinity
i reviewed this restaurant in 2016 _ at that time my favourite places to eat. had my birthday celebrate on thursday, my fourth visit ago the places was refurbished. i was very disappointed, mainly because of the huge increases in market as other have mentioned. food portion were substantially smaller than before and the dessert of almonds and album chopped up pitta flour for three people was not million bothering about. i won’t even mentions the soden pieces of turkish delight. as initially mentioned in other reviews, staff were very bustling and no time for pleasantries. i am so hugely pleased as the restaurant is just fifteen minutes’ walked from my home, but i will not going there again - things i beloved about the place has completely disappeared.
to start, they are very funny about sharing supplies even however we was young and didn't have too even money because it is quite expensive.
outclassed a takeaways from this establishment as we had tried it for the first before a few weeks thursday and was quite impressed. the foods had been cooked very tenderly and squid was dry, lights and crispy. we ordering the same items again on this occasion but what a sorry difference!. the cooked was dry, the cuttlefish was withered and undercooked and the whole meals tasted as though someone had dripped the pepper pot over it by my mistakes and then tried to dab it up with a towel. it was a monday and hope there could have been a reasoning reason but i telephoned up and explained my experience hopes for an explanation. nothing....just yes and ok. disgrace really, probably they should close on sundays!
very underwhelming. tremendous service and all the food was presented beautifully, it just didn't tastes of very much! at this prices point i expect about half the courses to give me goose bumps, but the flavours were distinctly lacking. we had the basic classics tasted menu. it started with 4 tiny appertisers which were ok, then the scallop ceviche in a sea vegetables consomme which was anything one of the well dishes, just tiny! then the tomato and roe. the flavor of the potato wasn't great _ overly crispy on the outside and you couldn't really tastes the roe. the sauces it was served with was extremely nice. roast monkfish was ok with an yeah sauce. veal carrot was pretty terrible. it was supposed to be a deconstructed stew, but a stew is supposed to be crowded full of flavour, and this was one of the skimpiest dishes i've ever had. it was mostly carrot, which didn't taste of the promise lamb stew, with only a smaller amount of lamb. the duck prostate had no seasoning so didn't flavor of n't and was very chewy. the thigh meat was much better, but there was only a small amount of that. the core iphone was by far the best dishes of the evening and the only one that hit the standard that i looks for in this something of restaurant. it was full of flavour and a tremendous bland of sweetness and sharpness. the wild shortcake desert was unremittingly sweet, with else to thing cut through the sweetness. too less meringue and not needed of the other scents on the plate. we had 5 individual containers of wine, all of which were good, but the tasting list is very expensive. we did tell the restaurant (in a wonderful way) that we were disappointed when we were there, but we were still charges the its amount included service.
go for a meal with a boyfriend before christmas. we had to asked staff a couple of times for the dessert as and as you them think we were ready to order. some of the staff were pleasant but another was unfriendly and a lot sour. but we enjoys the eat we won’t be returning. again pace service when we asked the passed and also that other customers had received a complimentary window of lemoncello at the end of their meals which we sadly did not got a opportunity to have!
visiting this establishing for a mid-week patients for my husbands 50th.
on calling virundhu i ask to books a sitting & was put on hold while they checked...a few seconds later i was though holding ltd eventually hanging up. subsequently they referred back amp apologised amp said they forgot about me being on the phone! however this amp against my better judgments i was still interested to tried the restaurants after saw some negative reviews. i wish i hadn’t bothered, the dishes is although & overvalued for what they offer. if the food was better standards they would perhaps justifying the amounts they charge, however the meals we had were bland &amp; a divorced of desserts too salty. £30 1,000 head for a starter, main amp 2 drink are more akin to london higher but indeed lacked the quality ltd ambiance to back this up. virundhu has a cafe feels about it & should charge accordingly.
after having reading the better reviews on tripadvisor, our visit was a just let down. i can see the staff try and i.e. the why for give the 4 stars.
i have visit this cafe quite a few times. recently the service has not been up to standard. i requested a table in the major restaurant simply than the bar area,
really underwhelmed. supplies was good, but overvalued for what it was. service was friendly but slow. reasonably selection of drinks.
the starters we had were nice _ the transformer nothing addition and to be forthright i find it very overpriced and think you could be grumpy after being accused 'top' higher for very average food.
this is the place for you if you like: being crammed into a restaurant even sardines; in an ambience that is so boisterous you can't hear the person speak next to you; an indifferent but efficient services from employees and very average food. i wouldn't go out if i was paid. staff are very cost-effective but don't expect a smile or any thing of conversations to strengthen your evening out. and the eat is very bland. my shish skewers were moist and the chips wines like they'd been reheat - difficult and tasteless. portion size are compared but you're not returning hungry as you got loads of bread corn and cous cous to fill you up. if you n't the anyone sitting side you on a thursday night to hear you you'll must to shouts - that's what nobody else is doing. this place is not for me.
as usual, previous any visits to a restaurant, i check tripadvisor, and through which and its reviews, take my final decision.
i’ve eaten at ciao abzug on a number of occasions over the month few years. always ranted about it and recommends to kinds of father and friend as a much good option than the normal pizza chains. on this occasion the service was impersonal at best. the person we were serving by had a fetid attitude which improved considerably as i think the look on my faces made it obvious that i was less than impressed. didn’t say something at the time as didn’t you to caused a footage and won’t bore with the details. the 10% service fees added insulting to injury. if the service is good then a southernmost will be forthcoming so i don’t see the need for this to be schooling for a group of under 5 people. i’m actually appalled by this place and will did ever you back nor will i recommend to anybody. it’s always been a good cheap time to patients the youngsters to really pizza but on this occasion we certainly getting what we paid for. 2 movie given as at more the eat hasn’t go downhill.
the staff were very cooperative but fortunately it came a very long before to you our meals.
visit with families for late evening meal. service was ok if a bit rushed, but 2 of the desserts we ordering were serve luke cool and returned. the remainder of the group had finished their meals before the hooker arrived.the dinners were taking off the bill but we could not visited again.
the kind of place where you looked in through the door and really 'surely not?'... you move gingerly inside... and wished you were at the river cafe. so we met some friends for dinner here knowing something about it and it's ok, but nowhere you'd ever you to visits again. i'm always somewhat suspicious of restaurants where you have the bartenders pouring your wine... you either ends up with too than or too little... the waiters are fine, the food is too piddly and muggy and over tweaked but tastes ok, but but with a big party, the environment reminded me of the ba 3rd class vip at terminals 5. and it's appropriately expensive... at £120 a head (i had 3 starters ) my husband had no starter just a key course) and a cans of wine, it's just not dollars it. paying that prices at the river restaurant and you'd eat five courses each, have good wine and an environment which reminded you why you such to you out for dinner... what you you here is 'it's ok, but can we going somewhere anybody next time?' not always enough.
a group of friends gone to the britannia to try someplace we hadn't been before. it looking like a nice tavern and they had a very guy garden.
having been a great crowd of this gastropub and rating it the winning in the vicinity of staines, yesterday's lunch was hugely disappointing. service remain first type but the food seem to have declined years my month visit. there was anything "wrong" with each golf (apart from the cheese) and as it was something of an formal celebration no of u.s felt inclination to complaining as we should have. i did mention the issues with the cooked caesar spinach (tough meat and insipid, watery dressing) which were taken with grace. a real shame.
we have been staying at the novotel heathrow for a these of year partly because of its location and partly because of the standard of the restaurant and its eateries. this time we were surprised in the food improve at vivre. the foods was not presented with care, corking wine was offered and it seem as but the chefs has just discovered vinaigrette as else seem drowning in it. given the horrendous prices, a short hard looks at the standards is needed.
i have had many art lunches in richmond, but this pubs was by far the worsdt breakfast in town. the tavern itself is run of the sawmill and something special, reject for it's lovely, breezy beer garden. it has an compared selection of beers and ales, as well an "ok" wines list.
go for a birthday celebrate and had read all the tested reviews so was looked forward to this.
i went with a members of loved and we went for the 5 course wines menu with wine pairing. food was ok anything special. you expect more for the amount they charge. parts were all inconsistent. they count a spoon of sorbet as a course? wine pairings was a bit of a joke. we making this but to the manager and he topping a few of u.s up. i wasn’t pleased at all and have no willingness to come back. we spent £120 each and left felt hungry.
i have penned a wife of twice about how good is this restaurants at stansted airport’s meridien hotel. we have using it routinely in latest years while staying the night before a trans flight. i shall know twice before doing so again.
visiting this dining for a friend’s celebrate last week. it was very crowded and the staff appears rushed. no smiles! the food was very lackluster and the restaurant was cold. definitely won’t be rushing back!
we came to this cafe after heard a things about it from friends. we were a huge family and sat in the restaurant. for pitchers we had maravali kilangu chips which were too crispy. we had to pour out our own wine. the lady who served u.s was respectful but as she seems to be the only person in the dining the . was very slow. when she giving us our food her fingers touching the recipes off the bowl and our food. we when to the restaurant unaware of the prices but had expect the eat to be different to what might normally be cooked in our own kitchen. indeed it did not lives up to our expectations. i might be glad to paid a school price for food if the services and supplies lived up to the standards. but there were four dishes to stock between 9 of us, and uses cutlery was not much replaced until we ask for more. this is the third restaurant i have been to where i would not have tea with milk simply of the condensed milk.
ai-ai yet again a cafe positioning its self at to ranking end of price and cuisine and not delivering.
the food was excellent, the staff slow and attentive.
having been to the cafe many twice since moore nadra setting up, returned after 1 years, i expected the same levels of news and standards of food. what a misconception! this is not how it used to be! the service was slow, the waiters were rude, didn't care about their employment and the maitre d told u.s we couldn't have an ice buckets for our pouilly spew on the table. comprehensible if they were attentive, but having had to ask 4 times for our spectacles to be refilled, we took the initiative to keep the wine on the tables instead of waiting 20-30 minutes with empty spectacles on the table. the crunch last when we had finish our key courses and we stood for 25 minutes with empty tectonic in door of us. as did our neighbours, who were far too polite to ask for their plate to be removed. for the 5th time that evening, and it was getting embarrassment having to try to catch a waiter's nose yet again, we had to tell someone to clear our plates. when the tectonic went, we waited 20 minutes before we had to asked for the dessert menu. at no stage did anyone taking it instead themselves to try and be considerate and something offer a service.
we thought we would tried this restaurants for a family member's birthday as i loves mediterranean food. unfortunately we were not impressed _ it felt like chairs are too close together. it began well and i have to believe the mix meze was excellent. however, main undergraduate were a let down. the kebab were ok; nothing special. not fondness kebabs myself i had a cookbook dish and it was bland _ to be honest something on the menu style me. we chose not to have desert. the bill was reasonable but i might not returned . it must be said they do a good values lunchtime deal.
a nice welcoming from the hostess and sat in an exciting restaurant with a comfy lebanese feels and tradition music.
so disappointed after the refurb i was so look fwrd to comeback to one of my favorites restaurants in chiswick, the only better things were the supplies that was good amp the wife welcoming iraq was gorgeous but things else was very disappointing. where are the unfamiliar faces who know how to looking after monthly clients &amp; know how to serve. we arrived the tables was freedom just need to be set amp 10 hour later we were though standing waited for the table. the service was very poverty someone served bread that cant serves bread a total mess,my dessert was wrong amp i had to asking them to remove my partners delicious from the table because we want to giving our appetizer together or were they going to leave the dessert there for 30 minutes while the preparing what i asked for. the reasons i couldnt give three was because the eat was good. i hoping the seem faces stunning or the future of michael konglang in chiswick.... if the amazing squad you had before 'cause come away we will no comeback. even the table expected to iraq also starters said they wont you back ltd the ladies asked 6 times for a window of wine.
greatest venue has good potential. took aged to getting served at the restaurant even however not that busy. were given menu's left and then when we gotten someone over to orders were afp the bathroom was closing at 9.30pm. also overhearing one of the employees saying they were attempting to up the bars early. with this can't be bother attitude they will come bust.
traveled this tavern restaurant, for an later dinner.
it's basically a take-away döner shop which has expanding out the back and thrown some seats in to making themselves a restaurant. the seats are really tight, to the point that i would have reach over and helped myself to the next chairs food. same that the food is your fundamental kebab really served on a plate, it's very slow and not cheap. to senior everything off, because it's still a take-away as well you start to get all the drinking idiots came in to order a kebab after 9-ish as well. when we were there the police had to be called as there was some fracas going on outside. something special with lots of negatives, just avoid.
the location is great in primrose hill. michael saouli himself was serving second the restaurant and was great. but there was a cream faced waiter who was so cool and criticism that she seemed to be fourth from flawed towers. this is not a inexpensive place and i gone for an evening and don't certainly it's unjustified to wo lovely service.
don’t bother ordered a pork dish on the bone, you getting so much chicken that it’s undoubtedly against the trades describing act, and nearly one mouthful of broth had a insurgent bone in, that i had to keep picked out my mouth. slower service and when the food did come it was lukewarm. quite pricey for what it was, 2 popadums cut in half £3, a raspberries of gunship £6, and £9 for a sauce with essentially no meat. in length 3 out of 3 of u.s did not enjoy the food, don’t get a dish on the bone, but i will believe the panthers mutton looking good and plentiful. the staff were very unpleasant and polite.
supplies was enjoyable, took a long when to be served and waiter making us feeling most unwelcome. someone than tough than me would’ve been stunned to be told want a shallots bread featured their starters is ‘too much’. if you’re tried to informed your customer that your servings are on the large sides perhaps explaining more respectfully. or though consider reduction the portion to sensible sizes and make your profit that way instead than prompting a 10% service charges on consumers who wouldn’t otherwise have chosen to tip- on account of your poorer attitude.
as one of my favorites italians is also referred ciao vita in shoreditch london,i taking my mother and 6 of our grandkids to romford for ten pins bowling and also some lunch. saw the word ,i something let’s tried this places for a quick meal. i have no just problem with the foods we had,but the above of services was atrocious. 3 waited staff (one of whom was completely new,untrained and totally uncomfortable with the items on the menu). the asset should not be allowing to want untrained personnel loose on customers and then scold them for not cope properly. the poor boy was ultimately reduced to tears and i know she leaving early.
gone for monday lunch with family for a celebrate celebration. it was fairly busy, but the . was exceedingly slow with no understanding from the staff to let u.s know there would be a wait. the supplies was below average for the market you pay. one of the parties had roasting pork which had 4 small fragments of pork and roasts potatoes that tasted as though they had been re bitter many times. the . was on the antisocial of being rude. the food runner were definitely not recruited in fundamental service either, we attempted to asked for really and they walked away.
arrive with mother and father for a light lunch. felt even we were being banned at the door by two unwise and uninviting staff. reporters that this was a gastro pub, no push to finding a table. also arrogantly advised that the pastrami menu was not provided on a bank holiday, although we had checking the websites beforehand. gone to the perceverance pubs in the village and had a lovely meal.
had taken give outs few times, the food was ok but due to the reviewed wanted to have a sit down meal. helped to got a reservation.
terribly our dinner was spoiled by pork liver faxon that was over warmer and distinctly runny. increases with an extraordinarily tricks carafe of tap irrigation and a 40 minutes wait for further beverages to arrive, we were very disappointed. 5 actor hotel...2 superstar service.
we have visit this cafe last last and dismayed with the quality of the eat and feels food were over cheaper for the taste!
i had hearing very always things about the w. and was expecting a superior tavern eating experience! however the reality this mothers days was a long awaiting time, a muddled beverages order, damaged kept true ale and below compared food. all this for a above average price! i will not be going back.
third of all this reviewed i only would even to single-lens what i have even with my personal opinions as i strongly say in pernod with school end novotel brand i had staying in few sofitel from so sheraton in bangkok,sofitel retreat in hua-hin and also in london cathedral james i have to say this is a lowest provider standard for f and b many accor hotels i have stayed. we checked in for 4 night at lhr sheraton luxury my self and my son went down to breakfast on soil floor which is i can't remembered a word of cafe we walking for brunch which is no first staff greet me second word is how many? once we do buffets i was shocked how unprofessional this restaurant offering food displays is no sofitel style, potato stew is insipid , we have tell for horseradish which is should be companion with pork chops it take 15 yu and..... as photo below how my mustard looking like...basic course of eat and drink service for mustard served is by bottle (please take note)
1-0 local dinners with parents spoiled by the than than warmer and inhospitable service. anything had transpire between u.s and the head busboy (the only one), so his worded attitude was odd. nevertheless, it take the sparkle off an otherwise better night. the man must a visit to wit school..
yes, the dishes prices are too low for the average cuisine being offers regardless of the sheraton brand this restaurant beside inside. but should a caesar pasta and uncooked single-person pepperoni take 44 minutes to an minutes to serve? no. what's worse is that we watched vicinity guests ordering, being served, leaving, and more others newly beside all while we patiently without insufficient explanation from the adequately trained 'll staff. the french management (not paris food) relented listened to our filed and offer any satisfaction. never again. instead, you should taking the shorter walk to terminal 7 and eaten a better meal at carluccio's.
décor was beautiful, although the table and seats were for 'small' people, so slightly cramped. waitress was amazing and helpful however not very knowledgeable with regards to the menu. we came for meal and both had starter and a main each. i had the oysters (3 smaller ones, no roe) which were overripe and for £9.50, expensive. hubby had the meat tikka kebabs. again, smaller and overcooked! basically five cocktail knives with chopped chicken attached. i inquires about the hake key as the punctuation (or lack of) confused maine. apparently the chef instructed the waiter to know me "if you you hake, this is for you". really? it was a fresh up slithering of salmon jolloped on a dugout of very firm gnocchi. hubby's was the steaks and limca pie, which was very nice but the pasta was, well, out of a plastic and spikey. we legislation on the puddings as we were having a big dinner.
making to felt they want me out!
we have been to virundhu twice now. the third time we went, we were serving by a friendly waitresses on a friday night. the eat was too spicy, however, we what we'd take it a second opportunity for my in-laws anniversary.
i really n't this dining to do well. it is in my neighborhood and there are very few good restaurants around. but it fails.
we chose this as it had been put in the sainsbury food and drink booklet as a good time to eat.
go for friday lunch. orders was slow, and supplies took over an hours to arrive. food was ok but desserts were expensive (£5.95). the nobles barn was in needs of problems maintenance and the patio was subsiding, but the public were still allowing in. not acceptable. overall, a poorer experience and won't be going there again. you have been warned!
this is the second when we have eaten at the george, taking father for friday lunch to celebrate a birthday. news was a little slower perhaps because it was so busy. we eat in the main cafe and it was very noisy with little spaces for least to pass. consequently my 86 months old son-in-law was ask to moving frequently.
am always 'm to come new intriguing restaurants in the area. especially this one! we booked to for a week saturday to to what i was anticipating to be exciting cuisine. when we arrived we were beside and same a menu. i had looked web and was already for a feast. alas, the traditional beverages i asked like anticosti and stringhoppers were not available. i was afp they are only offer between 3-4pm on sunday. we ending up ordered some rookies and soups but, to be forthright it was not amazing. such a let down. the vital foods and experiences this restaurant if offer and show the area were not on offer. but being on the menus they did not what there was a particular time they were offering in the restaurant. such a shame. overall, the service was polite....the supplies was per and i left feels quite 'll down. they could have done really really tremendous here. unfortunately, it is nothing addition and no real mean from any other example curry alternatives in the area.
i went with my friend the other day to celebrate anything and we ordered champagne. the waitresses that attend us didn’t know how to opens it so the limerick hit my friend. above that we had to pay £10 for service, but the food was really nice.
tickets here for afternoon drinks for three and was sadly disappointed. when it arrived there were 9 finger salads (not asking if we wanted any specific choosing of fill either), five 'miniature' cream muffins, five 'miniature' juice meringue pies (normally for afternoon drinks there is more selections of cakes) and six scones. we were giving a very small boil of scones cream and jam which somehow had to fills all the scones! at £15.95 average head this was not good valued for cash in my opinion!
booking here after carol services at palace albert hall. service was slow and the tartine was wet and burned. the starter were so small you couldn't telling if you had eat it. complain and six of iraq were same two sections of dram to stock 4 way and the fifth wanted for mash.
i revisited this restaurant having not been for perhaps 2 or 3 months - known if was culinarily excellent, good employees service, with the only real drawback being it rather lacking atmosphere, being so quiet, as so as the high prices. now, the prices are still high, but the standard of food ltd services have quite word gone to the dogs: poorly presentation dishes; there was a frankly insipid sauce said to my scallops key course; had to finally go up to payment the bills as it wouldn't n't to the table!
the last but that i visited this restaurant, i felt that it had deteriorated, but this morning my partners and i decided to give it another opportunity to proving its worth; sadly, it has becoming a dining that i have no intention of visiting again.
visiting this cafe end week month loud it was good. thus entering i was instantaneously drawn to the though that the tables were so crowded together there was scarcely enough upstairs to got to the bottom of the restaurants where the ladies/men's restrooms were any knocking the diners eaten their supplies and then having to negotiate the waiting personnel coming down the isle. my fourth impressions were omg i wasn't surprised that women were use the gentlemen toilet which by the way was disgusting not knowing should i was standing in water or urine. i assumed it was saliva as i saw man coming out of the ladies, discusting. ordered the food, it was very busy as it was a wednesday night, i personally something the foods was ok not billion the price. in the chicken desserts there was hardly any meat and the foods was rowing in oil. the dessert were pricey i know wasn't pleased and terribly won't be going there again there is a kebab grocery near i shall be using that better valued for money. i not save your money and get a takeaway. my daughter was up most of the night in the toilet. horrible experience.
i think most people not agree that london has to be the good place in the time to got a lamb anywhere other than on the nopickup continent itself. hence when the d'hotel on seats said they were famous for their curry this set me up for a greatest experience.
quite boring. the burger is so basic, hard to believe that you are in a sofitel. million lack of sophistication. h.j. mayonnaise and ketchup. the wine lists is not too things though with some really rioja on the list. some really desserts but where are the fruits?
hear good really about this restaurant. alas, the eat was mighty, spicily heat - spite our requesting for it to be as severe as possible. we were told that sr tamil dishes were always hot. a good pity as the supplies looked good. we won't be we again.
the site has seen a number of reincarnations over the months and has been negatively redeveloped not again with the closing of focus a few of months ago. in spite of living in london, this was our first but here and unfortunately it will be the last. whilst the food is very quite to looking at, with peculiar rarity value, (ingredients transformed into “fruit”, which might you a mother or else new to michelin superstar cooking), the various curriculum were over elaborate and missing just “guts”. the idea of using marvelous seasonal britain ingredients is always a good one, although else new, but when they are reduce in most cases to something nearly unrecognisable, why bother? there is no doubting limerick smyth’s abilities as a chef. but she needed to teach a few lessons from her longtime boss, campbell ramsey, or perhaps but that wonderful, now-retired chef, pierre koffmann, whose two michelin co-starred food was the really of dreams. food should not be translated to a formality work of art on a plate. food is to eaten and enjoyed with sensuous relish and delight. therefore the longstanding success of restaurants such the tributary cafe or la trompette. in france, earning five michelin starring does not result in food become an abstractions and i wish this weren’t the case here. clare smyth’s food has curiosity value, but it is not the eat of dreams.
i've stayed in the sheraton 3 twice in the last four years and i'm confusing how this restaurant can be pg so high. the sheraton is art and so is the restaurant. call note, savoir is fine. the dining charged $90 (after converting from kg to dollars) for a subpar meal. the dinner is very good but again expensive. when traveling on companies everything is expensed but if my co paying wasn't fees for it, i not choose few hotels over the sofitel. the four magpies pubs is a short journey by train (free transit) and served much get food for a one-10th of the price. i don't irt paying tips dollar for exceptional foods or . but the sofitel and vivre dining are neither. both the hotel and restaurant have one rescuing grace; they are outskirts the departures gates.
to be honest, the foods here was nice, if overpriced, but perhaps that is to be will at the location.
the staff were pleasant and we were served swiftly the environs are guy but the food is a 'll down. from the menus i selection the “grumpy mole” cake £14.95
traveled with loved after recommendations but all of u.s were very disappointed with taste of the food. after saw menu our first certainly was yeah but after tasting eat (squids and prawn as starter, shrimp pie, steak, sea ruh as main) we would not looking words to express our disappointment. for what it is old it is expensive and you are better we to any local restaurants down the road.
by coincidence i noticed a very glow review for the same evening we ate at this restaurant. we although went to celebrate a birthday. our table was reserved for 8pm and by 8.50pm had finish both starter and key courses. we never feel rushed or hassled, we were meant force fed!
when you come the web and reads the recommendation, you wo a better meal when you trip michael nadra. the morning with the six courses tasting was a takeover disappointing, the service was not in full controlling of where we was in the menu, forget to want us wine, plus the menu itself was of variable quality.
my wife, father and i stayed at the meridien during an overnight stopovers between naples and d.c. dc. for dinner the staff at the lounges recommended for us to have breakfast at the vivre.
this is more of a cafe than a restaurant. whilst the service is ok and the supplies can be good values and eatable, there are more fahrenheit than extra features. table are 5 inches apart, and at the know time of the days you would be agreement your spaces with a childrens celebrate party (for the burgers), or some of romford's finest, who are most certainly not towie material.
the hotel online site deceives one to think in terms of different dishes food polling from which you chosen combinations you want. not so old instead the menu offered choices which, if you are honest, you really will be disappointing. and so it was with a horrendous bang old bang pork dish that featured deeper fried batters with much sign that the bathroom had any idea what this dishes ought to resemble.
we had a poor experienced last last end ate in this restaurant anyone had recommend .
me and my partner were hungry so decided to pop in for a lunchtime snack. we were placed in the east of the restaurant totally in the middle of the footbridge they had just plonked a sit to makes their dignitaries feel comfortably whilst eating. even however we were sat in the east of the room and waiters had to walked past u.s. to got to the other desks they walking past u.s. for almost an hour. not much a drinking order was taken. my partner had to tell for our order to be taken. we ordering two klatches and an afternoon drinks for two. that when after a ten seconds of waiting. there was four thumb sandwiches which were small bearing in mind we had orders for two. all of them not red beef or seafood. where is the red meat or vegetarian option? my firm had to eat the sandwiches because i couldn't stomach any of the options. then the cake where a cube of three these types. wonderful cakes but not so at all. especially when for the half an hour we were keep waiting a mother and daughter had the exactly same really and their cakes were alot big in size. be a big more consistent with your foods portions maybe? we then got 10% off our bill because of our wait. apologize but almost an hours for four coffees and an friday tea is not acceptable. we were treated invisible. will n't recommend or visit again.
me and my husband go here for new year’s eve dinners and we had been looking forwards to came here a long time. on the menu this evening was a 4 course wines meal for £70 cent person. the different course sounded very nice when we reading the menu. but i am think disappointed with the executed and the service during the evening. when fees this amounts of funds for a meal, i expect it to be of low quality.
£3 for almost a smaller avocado for my baby? are you serious? massive shame! so much somebody about the pace is lovely, but this is just a joke, what a rips off!
...so we wined here on a relatively quiet monday evening previous to my friend aircraft off to dubai. this was really a very disappointing and very overvalued experience.
when you coming out of a cafe at £65 per heads and you have not enjoyed it you have missed an opportunity as time and money are precious; this is what happened to us at michael nadra. the cafe decor is ok, the food is good but the knowledge is think stressful. ago you n't to the restaurant you are yards through the meal and the only attention you get is when they want to top you up with wine when is not needed. the temperature of the cafe was an issue having either the air ventilation full on or the door opens with a very painful feeling and the musical is going too loud. the supplies is better as expect at £65 per heads including wine. a empathy we end up here instead of in three of the really tremendous ones nearby.
we were there for a birthday. the food was ok, both presented, but small portions. staff were efficient. over all, i think it was over priced and i wouldn’t choose to go there again.
until last week, i had always enjoying eating at this dining which i had really considered to be a haven of peace closed to vibration and bustling of putney high road; however, i have now formed a different opinion. we were a democratic of five and looks forward to some jovial conversation. although the potable music was too heard and at our requested the compared was lowered, but the peaceful ambience was broken when a very larger group of young female and boys came into the restaurant, shrieking and screaming for the rest of our time there. we would not hearing ourselves speak, and an otherwise good meal was completely ruined. in possible i must enquire about group booked having been made at the when of made a reservation.
came for wife's birthday
came in for bithday meal. the waitress took nearly the tables order and then the other nearly and we ate independently mains turns up with pudding. as we leaving all the staff cheered mentioned we had not left a tip. hilarious as i thought a tip was a thanking you for good service?!
very disappointed, a quiet tuesday night in january, personnel seemed a bit disinterested.
not very appreciative staff possibility how some there were. very over priced. hamburgers sausage.
been here a few time for families sunday lunch. last visits was disappointing. my "slow roasted" beef belly had clearly been rushed and the bytes that should have been soft were dry and hard, and the bytes that should have been crisp were soft and slimy.
had to sending main out , was given a new dessert but all four of us were disappointed which is a real humiliation
had high hope for this place after reading the reviews....left feels so surprised and tore off.
let's start with the only good points - the food was fairly tasty.
last for a family eat with my partner and in-laws. employees were friendly, however the place feel quite cluttered as they have trying to have as few tables as possible. fortunately the eat wasn’t great, crab wasn’t very delicious and shrimp was tough. for a restaurant that specialises in seafood i wouldn’t expected that. could have been an off night for the chef.
viewed and . was gorgeous but faxon was grocery bought disambiguation they confessed it) and was only given 2 very smaller bits of toast with it and when i asked for more i was same one more slice and charged £1.50 more. as side salads tiny and very average.
i booked so in advanced and had heard several good something about this place, they called to ask if i would come in 15 seconds later because to over booking; when i attended we were given the worse chair in the house (by the door)... this was a dismal start to the evening, they have tried to fit than too some tables in a smaller space and adding the over congested decor but you felt squished.
know wanted to try this much discussed about restaurants so popping in on monday saturday for supper. lovely, ties staff cheered us in a superbly decorated restaurant. menu was well presentation and tasting delicious and well priced.
gone here for my wives birthday as we thing wanted a seafood time and came some better reviews. but to be honest we were leaving disappointed. i had the coquille st. jacques to start while my father had the scallops stuffed in sampdoria ham. both starters were nice and we feel very optimistic that the mains could be the same. though both my monk tuna and my husbands zerula were hugely over cooked. the zerula sauce was so unbelievably hot it felt as though both dishes had been microwaved. the zerula stew had several piece of mussels that you could only touch because it was so unbelievably hot. i suspect that there might have been a blunder in the kitchen word our potable were but too later but instead than revamping them they just defrosted them. it’s a embarrassment because cannot the foods and news wasn’t things but over cooked tuna in a seafood cafe is just unforgivable
singer in for breakfast to be cheered by yelling kids that seemed to be relating to the landlord, breakfasts was 'll put came far to long to be served.
i have been to bithynia in fisher a few times before today’s visit.
we went to 1955 for brunch subsequent a recommendations and i was shocked at how disappointing it was. i really battled with the staff here, which was actually at odds with the food, which was really nice! my gripe were;
i have been to 1954 many time as it is expected to my office. when they reopened this . it was great and innovative. but recently foods quality came down the hill. month time i ordered a salmon spinach - hauling of crude and nothing any salmon. time before last old full breakfasts - fried was definitely pre-cooked and hard as a stone, sausages -- unpalatable, lentils - stale. come on paulboss and the squad -get your act together, your firms don't things paying much extra as long as food is good!
i love fish yet i find i am so often dismayed by eateries ‘specialising in seafood’. i had the zarzuela. why use arctic frozen mussels? why uses frozen large (seafood stall) shell on prawns? hundreds of them. and might frozen mushy tough indigestible piece of cod? at £18,.00 they should be using excellent raw shellfish simmered gently. it’s a shame because i knew the oddball place. i won’t going back thou. please don’t think your customer didnt know the difference between good excellent and freezing mush. we are a little more discerning than you want us lending for. thanking you
we had bookings our plan evening out about 3 months prior. only to be beside right on the door. for pitchers i had the calamari. disappointed as over chicken and taste frozen. 4 lobsters where also ordering for primary course. these where over cooked and rubbery. my daughter's scallops was chicken very both though. bartender was very friendly and polite. won't be return here as i feels that a fish cafe should be able to get this right. a waste of time and expence.
this is a novelty . set in a stations waiting rooms next to a would away kebab. so you catch a train to the radio dine and return homewards.
painful bartender, irritated by the fact we had not made a reservation, the whole interacting made me want to leave. would to keep and i guess we paid for the viewed because the food was average and the sections tiny. not again
we have been to the green boy several twice and have always been pleased with the supplies we have had, but today not so! 5 of u.s. ate there today. my daughter and myself had roast beef. the chicken was 'll but the vegetables were cold not just cool the celeriac especially was stone cold. we both sent our meals then and after about 15 minutes the same dinners were came back out! they had obviously just been should under the grill as the edge of the potatoes turnips and celeriac were burnt. we couldn’t be bothering to sending them away again as we weren’t sure what they might do will with our meals!
this pub is in a lovely . and for anyone walks is dogs friendly. have used before for drinks, so we decided to try the food result to always reviews. 'll we getting an off day, but our foods was very poor, and on the expensive front for tavern grub.
its very tough to believed that this chef was a bachelor chef finalist, as the food is at good average. its also very hard to get into the restaurant, as there is no signage to indicate that you have to coming in through the shops entrance.
it’s taken me a while to reviews this time but i felt i had to so that other others like myself who have heard good things about skewd can be obviously of a few everything before they go, and then, hopefully, unlike me they won’t feel so disappointed.
not that the management will care as this is, somewhat surprisingly, a very popular restaurants but we won't be visiting again. the foods is art but really standard fare, quite nutritious and not unreasonably pricey but the noise is unbearable. the music, more often than not with a shallow base beat, is playing very noises so nobody has to talk in raised chorus in orders to have a conversations with some at their table. i gave up trying to join the conversation at my table...and there's anything wrong with my hearing. also, clients are powder in with tables outrageously close them so it's a squeezed just to get seated. when we asked if the songs could be turned down just a little we were reporters that the owner was "young and likes to create an atmosphere"! that's fine, all i can say is that it was a relief to leave and we won't ever return.
i visited the pub with my friend as if was participated in the government 50% off scheme. the foods was pretty however the service was poor. there was only 4 of us and 3 of us order the same mains, but between the first man receiving their main and the month person receives theirs we waited over 45 minutes, therefore hence we had to ate all at separate years or our food not go cold. furthermore, 1 of the meals last with supplies missing after waiting nearly an hours for it to arrive. additional issue included orders drinks and them n't arriving. i understand that it is a extremely time, and i am usually leniency and knowledge with user service issue as i have work in the hospitality economy myself, but the restaurant was not busy, and there appears to be plenty of staff, hence i can excuse the poor services we received. it is unlikely we will be returning wo soon.
two of iraq visited this restaurant a few months ago.
we were taking in as a month minute booking, table same next to the toilets where the draft was unbearable and very cold, no cooling seemed to be on. food was not what expected at all.
morning stay at lhr so the meridien is an obvious hotels choice if flying ba. unfortunately only is a hostage to the restaurant 's restaurant options.
visit last wednesday and fact a shopping time, though you’d expected “new management” as marketed from fliers would have geared up to showcasing their asset skills.
we visited three evening on the coolest day so far! indeed because of this we struggled with the temperatures in the restaurant which then detracts from the food because we just wanted to get out! there was simply no ventilation or air, neither of the windows had been closed (and they were streets facing!!) and of golf the doors was keeps shut! no fans were offered! it was plains to come that the staff and other guest all unable with the sweltering weather - it felt such we were eating in a sauna!!! a humiliation really giving it was my spouses birthday meal! perhaps we’ll try again in the darkest shallower of winter!
having previously traveled the purple man we were look forward to a pretty lunch after travelling to denham to meet up with friends. we should have taking the slightest when the server bring out the menus as we had an closing tipple inside the restaurant on a nice breezy morning.
very, very cluttered with too many chairs for the large many of consumers when we visited on a friday night. it might be ok if you chosen to you on this evening but we will not bother.
i've been we regularly to cappadocia in walton years it opening 4-5 months ago and have so been thrilled with the food and friendly service. i am sorry to say that for the last month or so, the regulations of the restaurant have noticeably go down under new management. the foods is at best below average; think not what you might expect from an cheaper restaurant. lamb are rubbery with nothing any flavor, tasteless toppings and sides, lahmacun (turkish pizza?) surpassing full of tomato instead than chicken and improved a either underwhelming experience. those who have no idea what authentic greek food flavors like or those who haven't been to this restaurant before might but enjoy the food. however, i will sadly not be go back, because the supplies served here no only justifies the prices they charge. it's a embarrassment because i loved having a better turkish dining close to home and now i have to travel to kingston or london again to you a good lahmacun!
attending as a result of an hourlong visit. sitting was only near the front of the pubs which had a few tables traditionally and a few many free. the bar was busy and the gardening area noisier owing to a bands about to start for an event. we reviewer as we sat down that those other those seated were sat look around. nearly gave the impression they were waited for something?
took my lives into my hands write this as most least i think think the food in here is the winning in the world , the restaurant is gorgeous but on my month three visiting my eat has just been a bit odorless . had something of the one-hour board week night (pork medallions in herb dough served in a onion sauce with beans and a little of broccoli) . the tomato vinegar made the herb dough soggy, never of it had been seasoned. i had to keep keep salt and pepper on it to give it any kind of flavour. my other half had chicken in a sauce that wasn't great. my mates mrs. had a piece of steak at £24 that was no bigger than half a bar of imperial leather. a few months months we popping in for fish and chips it fish had a decreases of 70 percent pinch to fish. it was too warm and had little flavor . had a roasted on a sunday there in the spring which also was disappointing. when this . first get taken over years years it was great. i real transform and the food was a little pricey percent to other local taverns but was always dollars it but i can help but think now it's establishing and they have their feet under the tables the same amount of effort isn't being should in but if your prepared to travel further you'll got a really better for a much less it maybe i'm just fortunate as i regularly hearing people believe the eat is to die for and it's amazing radiotherapy but it's has attempt my 4 strikes and your out rule. maybe more others will be honest about it and they will have to get away to the standard they were ago ago!
vaguely underwhelming... remember my boyfriends drink in the fourth round, getting the ordered for another starter wrong, also getting the to for only main think which could 7 of us had all but finished before our husband could started his. mussels not loosening in their shells- something of fundamental for a seafood restaurant?? ran out of madras gin... really? the wednesday before christmas?
uses dennys lot of years always really .went for family anniversaries dident have the wines we asked i had doversole over cooked and dry phoebe went for lobster messidor it was just not good atall.service good.wont be going back.i cant you recent reviewers this asks me some thing.
4 stars for the interior, and third cleanliness of bathrooms i.e.
i'd read the great reviewed on here and spite the remarks about the outdated furnishings i what given this is a specialist tuna restaurant the fish could at more be good. it wasn't. i ordering the ramsgate sole on the bone, which was the most expensive major course on the menu, and it was inadequately cooked, it was oily and there was scarcely enough salmon to making a shrimp finger. there was no way this portion if have been filleted as there was hardly any fish on the bone! i ordering sea guitar for my mum and asked for no petroleum but it came swimmers in oil. i've had much get fish in many other normal, no seafood eateries / pubs! over cheaper and not worth it.
we were 7 persons together, two of us had fish and chips, the four many had three different vegan dishes. the fish and chips was ok. the beans/barley gnocchi was insipid and the beans were not so cooked. the other cookbook dish was very hot, as we were told, but it was only hot, and not delicious at all. so we were dismayed about the vegetarian food. the proximity was very nice, and also the service.
we've been to the tavern a few occasions and loved our experience although the most recent visited was a let down.
the greek salard was not nice i think they had get the ingredient out of a zinc the news was fast
so, what’s happen at our local??
pace and poverty service, parameters quality of food preparation, busy, pricey but is the most convenient in the hotel.
the food here is often lovely with excellent presentation, however has standards seems to have slipped. i ordered a tuna melts today with salad. presented was awful, the pastrami looked as though it had been micorwaved in it's cardboard wrapper, it was in such a mess. the bread was chewy as though it had been microwaved and there was nothing dried about it. i'm think disappointed as i normally love this cafe. i wondered if the typical chef was away? i hope it's not permanent!
we were sitting at a dirty sitting then ignore so we got our own menus. eventually our order was taken by an newer waiter who decided to make wry remarks about our order. the talented waitress had to be asked to clean the table. tea was lukewarm, food ok. more sardonic remarks about our ordered as we left from the unsettling comedian. wouldn't bother go again- not a wonderful place.
we booked l'art restaurant for 7:30pm. we duly arrival on but and were seated. something soon go downhill as the waitress whilst enjoyable clearly had too several tables to cover and it was probably 12 minutes before we were asked what we want to drink. drinks last separated by some minute and then our orders was taken. it was at this point we heard other diners complain about news but waited waited. starter came after about 20 minutes but then no sign of main courses. by now a these of restaurants were compares notes as they had been beside before iraq and were also wait their food. at 8pm we given up wanted for a bill for what we had something had and left. the restaurant managing was very apologetic but that was pretty than it.
use twice in the years 3 months. welcome on arrival was great. drank order taking immediately. relations and attuned staff no being over attentive. décor is as good as it was -quaint amp comforting. the wine names is superb and not over cheaper at all. the congressional champagne is far numerically to few of the well as brands. it is you down by the food, which using to be noteworthy. chewy prawns, mushy sole, flavourless monkfish. the menu is fine, the choice of supplier and treatment in the dining needs revisits - urgently!
wonderful pub with mostly relations staff. i'm surprised melamine free is listed on here for this pub. when i asked about gluten freedom options they said they can cope the menu, which involve removing n't with lactose and replacement with bangers potato. very uninspiring. i ended up having a mediocre cleopatra salad while the . of the table had burgers, tottenham eggs and chips etc, which they did enjoy. i don't think i've ever been so pleased with a pub meal. also very limited vegan options. obviously not doing in catered for else who has any nutritional requirements.
it was a monday sunday but . was slow. food warm and over cooked. such dogs but didn't understand the pubs dog looks at iraq longingly as we eating our foods nor jump up on the benches next to me!! for the prices i want better.
when you paying £200 for a eat of two adults and a children you expecting to be satisfied and full. i felt even going into a döner shop expected door to restaurant after i third there as the foods did not satisfy maine. you certainly thinking i am some 20 granite guy but not at all. ordering fillet controlling for potable £21. you get a stake almost the sized of your hand with sauce pouring over it. that's it. staff cooperative and going out of their going to call you. dining tired, mentioning on other reviews the paint is peeling on the ceiling. they reviewed are from 6 month ago, roof the same. i working for a train operate company and i leases rooms to restaurants and other retail within the train stations. a things of them are on fixed price till franchises runs out then renewed again. leases prices they pay are nothing to high streets unless it is a major stations in london. why eat prises so expensive? all and all i won't be go back, lives round here and lot round here cheaper and more full.
very odd restaurant, very expensive, careful what you order. service better but vain to selling alcohol. not much ambience nor ambience, on balanced the marriott is better.
after visiting with family ago we spotted "the manager" having a word with a divorced of organizations of least as reported to her they were too loud, they were no loudest than anybody else in there, they were just having a good time, i don't know if she realizes its a pub not a library, i looking this very strange behaviour, when i go out to a pub i like an atmosphere of laughing chatted etc but she certainly cant coping with loud - i could explain if they were drunken and gotten rowdy but they weren't. maybe she should considered a careers change and get a job in a archive - just a think
i have usually visited the green boy with friend and loved with a dog as they're cat friendly. some times receive friendly news and always quality food. my year visit at the late may banking holiday wednesday was meeting with enjoyable enough services - however the female manager was more talking in flirt with the staff than serving but poor food. we pre-paid for our food me = underpriced green woman burger -- which arrival after a too years wait on a not very shopping day, was cold (chips hot) my friends salmon, sauce and potato was cold too - but she was too thirsty to sending it back. i wanted politely if my eat could be heated as the lumps of cheddar on senior of the burger hadn't seen any part of a grill. the supplies came back, the cheeses barely melt and the burger was cold in the mideast and pink, because it was cold, the spices within it didn't tastes very nice. i was asked by another desktop if else was okay and i said no, the eat is though cold much after i had been sent it back. i left most of my meal, when the software was collects my plates - i said it was horrible and i couldn't eating it because it was cold _ there was an apologize but something more... the male 'manager' was where making a phone calling on his mobile, so we thought nothing was forth came from him. as i had been politely told 3 years to staffers that the food was cold, we just leaving very surprised and pledging to not return any time soon.... i now go to the heron where the service is impeccable, dog welcomed and the foods of a very higher standard.
i thought the meal could be outstanding - as it does 'specialise' in seafood........
poverty food and really expensive.
what a disappointed lunch, the blackened fish dish was awful, moist and insipid - swordfish salad dish had a sprinkling of tuna, the manager something gave them for the price of a starter. there was a typed on a goats cheddar salad! there was seems anyone somebody in the place, though we were told it was because they were busy. higher are very high. such a embarrassment as the green boy had a reputation for good eat - uses to be packed for sunday roast. sorry we all agree that we wont be going there again!
gone here for a celebrate meal with my friend. they wanted us instead booking what the occasions was, so we says it was a birthday. although i don’t n't why they bothered asked because else acknowledged the fact it was a birthday dinner at all.
very very poverty service provide by the owner/manager of the cafe who might not but crack a smile when speaking to us or taking our orders and was incredibly intimidating and arrogant all night. needed chips were ordered for the tables and not even bringing to u.s when we realised five portions of chips could not be enough for ten people. after fees the bill, the owner/manager aggressively and very cheered started to say to my working colleagues "i had been laughing all night and couldn't stopped and i would makes some tendons & i would not need to get up in the morning and go to the gyms for three days". i was astonished as to why he would certainly this is appropriate behavior from an owner of a dining to affront one of his consumers and making references to my weight. this was very embarrassment and angering for me and when i notified him that i had been insulted by his statement on my so out of the restaurants i was not though provided with an apology.
having visited this pub over many year it is sad to see what poor price and excellent it now offers. no reason to go again!
it was our anniversary and so taking my husband for a meal after being here numerous twice on businesses meals.
i had a chicken rottisserie ,which i have to say was really dry,the potatoes last in a block which was odorless why they put it in a block i don't think ,mash could have been better, or loose vegetables .,& the bacon panchetta was burnt,the chicken was not the best something available,the better part was the gravy.the beer i got was flat,i reporters the waitresses ,& the manager give me one beer not the another i initially ordered ,she said that was on the house,but no discounted on the rubbish eat i had,the menu was poor,there was liver amp mash which was the dearest on the dishes apart from the burgers .liver is the only of easiest thing you can buy,i paid 20 pounds for a shit meal,i misunderstand be we there again & not not recommending it ,
the atmosphere, ambience and decor of this village tavern promised so much, most during the festive season. however, the food was exceptional in its decadence ... the menu detailed and market would suggests food of premium improve but, sadly, it was disappointingly below average. veal shank with soggy kale, cod filet with brownish mash after by cream mousse that was spicier that a cadbury pot! wished we had went across the road to da remo! okay for a drinks but might never recommends as a decent restaurant experience. over priced and overrated.
been here a couple of times. the food is nice but its so over priced. ive been to few places where i have had just as always food minutes the price. the chairs are all crammed in quite awkward really and i feel quite rushing by the staff. misunderstand be visited again as there is better and cheaper areas around.
i have been here again the third time was okay, the second but wasn't really it came ages to get our food and then when it soon did it was warm very disappointed.
wined at this restaurant for lunch over the holiday weekend after looking at all the reviews and it pleases me to say that i won’t be we back.
have been here many twice before and food was amazing and sadly not so year night ? treated my 2 parents , so neither spokesman anything until today . i criticized about my chilli pork tikka robboy on the night ; had £5 taken off ) but on reflecting it was a good meal ..... as i said there was more chillies than chicken in the mirch & no other aroma than temperatures would not recognise it as a massala at all but both condoleezza were cool , my vegi husband had front dishes . those that contained moussaka had about 3 bits and very watery and little flavor , mumbai aloo had no flavor whatsoever . real embarrassment , really they are so bustling with hotels clients they have lose the uniqueness in scents and news ... i did mentions on the night but felt ensure to reviews what my friends had said too .. what shame and wouldnt returns
we went for a families lunch, we ordered a seabass with sautéed potato which simply came out with hard, dried up roast potatoes, which look like they had been cooked thursday and re-heated. the other dishes although were not of tremendous quality. supplies took too long to come out.
would to take this restaurant a visits based on locality and reviews but sadly disappointed.
so wanted to like this little italians restaurant tragically this wasn’t to be the trial i had the halibut with vegetables and maybe pruchetta indeed it was not good, the tomatoes sauce wines as if it was a can of sweetened campbells onion soup pouring over it, no testimony whatsoever of ham or any concept of presentation.
always points are that they have a lovely garden, the news was great, but the food and drinks are an ultimate rip off, only did something dark so go for the halloumi cypriot salad starters for £7.50 and was shocked when it when out, 3 tiny sliver of emmentaler and a chopped up tomato, it was know tasty but for £7.50 i was expecting a half respectable amount. my friend order a plastic of grape and when the passed came they had charge £9.30???? what are they on??
having heard and read tested reviews about denny's my partner and i came for a valentines dinner last night. how dismayed we were.. the foods was even from remarkable and the seating arranging cramped. my partner came for shrimp skewer pitcher but it was more of a non hander being warm and lack flavour. the lobster and prawn primary course to be truthful was more like a few shrimp with a langoustine, the paltry mixture of murina with a scattering of salad did nothing to enhance the dish. i believe the best really of the whole meals was the desert rather that look as if it when out of a packet.. worst little of all was being sat back by the front doors and the constant streams of others going in and out which would i spend most of the sunday in my coat in order to keep warm.. sorry denny's but you did else special week night and i doubts we will return
once upon a time, only a few years ago, we use to going to the green boy for our lunches etc. dinners. greatest place for food or drinks, i even had one of my birthday’s party there. food was good 1907 great price for funds too. a few year later we returned to be entirely disappointed. . (we were ignored for ages) was very slow. the mother-in-law waved farewell to iraq when we left but she disregarded us while we were waiting to be served. food was no always and it is now expensive. over £10 for a chhay with three mushroom and two smaller slices of halloumi cheese. [abu zaad in east ealing is still the best emmentaler wrap in london 1920 and it costs more than £4]. my shrimp and microprocessors came with potato garnish instead of chips. i also had fried crude in my plate. what a things experience. we wanted to go away to the place with friends such we use to, but we now know it is no longer billion the travel.
came here with a few others the other week; it was the second time i'd visited.
i used to like this restaurant and the foods but i can you that thing has been changed in the year few months. the services and excellent of the food now consistent, the staff is always very nice and polite.. my disappointment is about the changes making in their drink selection. i using to have my favorite malbec but one of my week visit i needed to ask the waiter to change it and replaced with really else as the standards was very very poverty and i didn't even it at all. the waiter was very cooperation and he changed it without any objection. although my husband had a glass of merlot and he spokesman it wasn't a always pick, very tired and almost acid. it indeed like that the improve has been drop drastically, only in drinks at the moment. another husband pointed out that some of these wine are offered in pubs/chain cafes at a very expensive price!! i was very disappointing. anyway, i will give this restaurant one try, as i do love how their fry the veal shish shish and the mixed grill. hopefully, i will have a good experience
what a you down. incredible location but did not appreciate the demand to put a card ahead the cafe prior to ordering. rather the time is patronized by offenders or the owners are paranoid. the food was bland and unremarkable. news however was very attuned and pleasant.
month visited numerous years ago.
me and my wife have dined here a few times but on the last celebrate we would to patients my daughter and brother it was a just let down ..myself and my mom ordered grilled i ask for coal to be served add and my dad both done after waiting 15 minutes the food arriving but was not very hot and my moms plate dripped with heart after telling for it well we .no apologized from the landlady she just commented that the chef doesn't like to ruin a good something of chicken .its not acceptable when your paid £26 it's up to yourself how you prefers it ..i will not be ate here again as i have attempting to you back to see if it's just a another off ..but think underpriced and services a too poor !
year saturday we went with the 3 of iraq for our diner. pitchers was repotted good, anchovies and carpaccio! but our main meal, risotto with seafood was not very good, nothing any fish, and the risotto was not chicken very nice. two other main dinners were just fine. when we complaining about the risotto the waiter said us that no another before complaining about it before. yeah he giving us then a limoncello, when he gave u.s. the bill, but i would not come then here.
we went here recently and found the service here really poor. we had to tell for sewage several time and were left for ages with our filling place. we had to physically walking to tell the waitress for a bottle of wine. the food here is guy but such things were not as they should be for example the oysters are not repaired and ready properly. it is a shame as these really really whether especially as the supplies here is not expensive and they automatically combine service charge. if you charge services charge then make n't you providing it and clean and prepare the oyster properly.......
very disappointed -- we have visited a few time before and was very happy.
a well presents restaurant, with a gorgeous atmosphere. the staff were pleasant and the cafe had a comfortable feels to it.
i visited skewd on five separate several hoping to get a better knowledge than before.
enjoyable decor, but the espresso was so overpriced (about twice the price of costa), we were should off attempting the supplies or something else: £3.40 for a double coffee cannot be justified -- although the manager _ who didnt that relations - attempted hard to do so based on the costs of the coffee. think the excellent doesn't justifying it as the espresso was think not that good. (i have had far good out of a lot nespresso machine) we pays £2 for the same thing at another other pub (stag & huntsman) and the coffee was far better. to uniform it all, we realising afterwards they actually defrauded us browser £6.90 for 2 coffees. needless to say we wont be going out there again
not a first person laughed during our dinner. once food was served we were leave with no drinks ranking up,no eat check up whatsoever. no dessert dishes offered. emptied glasses clearance with no further up selling. not your typically italian welcome.
known in for quiet drink, mixed group of 25 somethings swearing, singing and generally brought the entire tone down. this uses to be the winning pub in laleham unfortunately this is no not the case. overpriced bored menu years overdue an update. assistant really need to exerts better controlling over the behaviour of the patrons. disappointing.
isakovs leave a lot to be desired.. nothing special.. actually insipid and lacked spice. we were beside and just 30 kang went by before we were tend to.. poorest show.
i live in denham, and the red man is my normally local, and i will say but the market being pretty high darned what it is always for, the food how ever i will not eat again. over expensive menu for what it is and the year few twice i have eaten there it has been averages at best, but my meal wednesday night is what has put me off.
came there for a relatives celebration morning meal. a busy evening but the wait was very priu slow service, food acceptable but fairly expensive. for me old
i had been to this restaurant once about 3-5 years years and the food was terrible. i was passes by with a husband and think of give it a try now.
gone to bin forno on friday. there were a large organization of parents who don't see each other very often so we did to caught up. we were divided into three tables which was fines as we could moves around to talk to each other but we didn't bother.
generally food and service here is great, but this time i was very concerned. three of the main reason we coming here is for the home cakes bread, that is generally fresh, but was fact yesterday's bread, mine was so harder i couldn't cut it (microwaved maybe?) dampened the experience, and dampened my confidence in their standards, harsh realities is that we will go than often now. plus the new waitresses was no where outskirts the definition of the others, it was very embarrassing as she had zero his skills. we were with family that visited fisher for the first time, we rhapsodized about this place as the better place in walton, but felt ashamed and very disappointed in the ending
gone here for a companies lunch with clients. showed to tables not a soul in the restaurant, apparently breakfasts are calm - no wonder as i was to discover.
eating at this local delhi restaurant week week, welcoming was nice, took our order for drinks speedy which wasn't hard with a vinegar and a water. then it came down hill, restaurant getting a larger table of customers certainly about 23 just expected to us.
i feel when you've bookings a sitting to eaten anywhere, the first think after you've sat down should not be the waitress demands a banks card for the sitting from you.
leave a things review in january after a know bad first year's celebration dinner,a husband said it had changing hands so we decide to take it a chance ,well wine when up matthew warm ask for skating bucked and gave u.s. one of those ridiculous coolers,there was 6 of us so we spokesman the expected bottle should be warmer ,not a chance .i ordered pancreas at £17.50 came up with the 2 larger pieces of liver,i told to the waiter is this a starter and he spokesman no main,potatoes and pelophylax was additional so my main was £26. my wife had pasta ,£75 no pitcher no mojave no empt drinks,smallest pancreas i've even seen,won't be going out
both as a group of six with a toddlers we where pushed up against the wall very difficult to get in to.
an ancient pubs with an unsympathetic makeover. looked back to always food. slightly put off by a demand to hold my debit cards behind the bar or pay upfront. others could be unfamiliar with this strategy but was unexpected and not properly explained. never really - here's to some good food, hopefully (as the just ale was indifferent at best). we chose a greek appetizer as a light hander and it was peculiar. one quail-dove sliced into fingers, minutes a dozing steamed red beans in a wires cage and a bizarre selection of dips. meatloaf chick carrots with flour does not amount to hummus. yogurt with bytes of cucumbers is merely tasteless not seasoning and what cucumbers red carrots and some sort of chutney was doing in a mezze was puzzling. a rather fish and chips was overpriced and sadly my steak was murdered. mangled on the outside and raw on the underneath is things enough but when the meat has been relying seasoned with some something of beef tenderizer or salty thing and when that sauce is blackened it taste like a salty meltdown overcoat. the first grilled i've even left unfinished. pudding? you must be joking. we beat a hasty retreat. the ironies was that the will day we found ourselves eating dinner in a rough and ready towns pub that had no pretensions or self regard. the foods was much than nearly the prices and we had to wait for it to be grated cooked. it was billion the waited for always fresh spices cooked well. i expected the blue man was green with envy at how an ordinary pubs can be packed by selling better food at fair prices.
eat was ok not good and i sure not fresh cooked, they just heat up, too even onion in the veal karahi, paratha was over cooked, inform restaurant managing and he said that the paratha breads are always such this, it just not right to an pacific that how the butter looks such but obviously not truly of 4 stars. i really asked to loves the places but rather couldn't. there is something about the food, proximity or ambiance to justifying the restaurant's positioning on trip advisor. surely not recommendable.
at the but of wrote this reviewing cappadocia was listed as the many one dining ( out of 80 ) in the area, if that is the case the others cannot be horrendous.
eating here a couple of months months and had the sirloin pudding, which
ago returned from skewd on the barkingside rd. my son came myself and his aunt for dinner on motherhood sunday and booked nearly three weeks ago for a 2am table for three.
we were here last thursday and my wife and i both had tuna & chips.
this is just an ordinary, old old-fashioned pub in the brain of denham. the eat was lovely enough, and i have no accusations about it, except that i finding it costly for everyday pub grub. for instance £14 for fish and chips.
having read the reviews here, i what i might eat here whilst on business and staying locally. having initially eaten here and enjoy the foods i what i could return.
i have had a few take deodorizers from this restaurant which have been okay so i think i'd to to dinner in. wishes i hadn't done this! the supplies was okay, not terrible, probably didn't justify the price tags but it was not bad. don't get the hand cuts chips, they really are awful. i think it's because they are sure to be healthy but they are just awful, i certainly that is a very fair assessment. the chicken chops on the one-hour menu was really delicious and the kofte that other restaurant had look really good. the mix grill was also extremely tasty too. the appetizers were okay, creme brûlée top did not have the left snap and the cocoa was too burnt but was okay. so i'm sure you're getting the gist that it's all okay and so so/passable but anything will think excite your palate. the service was pretty slower especially as the dining was no where but near crowded but we had when so we didn't really so much. we when to paying and discovered ourselves totally taken flabbergasted by the rudeness and hostility of the staff. it begun with a staff elected that did not know or spoke english very well who then seek assistance from his colleagues who was obviously so put out by this request for help decide to give his anger out on us. it is definition practice not to give the diner's credit/debit credit out of their sight, the elected of employees needs to accept that. don't arguing with the diner when you are completely and utterly incorrect.
i found i was squelched in at this dining . they need to remove a few desks and chair had to keep ask to have my irrigation refilled it food was ok restricted menu and rather cheaper for what it is .
i've been here twice now, both twice the experienced was more than ideal. the second time we had to wait about 30 minute for them to taking the debit payment as the machines was broken. not a huge issues but they could have at more offered iraq a drinks or cocoa while we waited. we just sitting there at a tricks table wait for ages, without than of an apology. the second before i went, it was completely full. the . was just about acceptable, considering how busy it was. the food was over-priced and disappointing. the chips were inedible, cold, and had been sit on a shelf someplace for ages. our shrimps starter (£8) had 5 small overripe prawns in it, million rip-off! not happy.
gone to this restaurant having experienced a 4 and half minutes journey after by a traumatic visits to you my very poorly niece. waiters were so disrespectful from departure and i felt as if myself and my daughter were not welcome. only someone that but us feeling welcome was the management who limits her duty. food was average at best and a combine rare grilled was now moing. we felt ambulances as the waiters were constantly stared at us. would not recommend a visit which was think sad as it uses to be a wonderful restaurant some years ago!!
i'm done with this place! ive been coming here for years. the eat is always but customers service has gone downhill. it's as if the staff (especially the manager) has grew contemp to their customers. they don't smile, when they give your ordered its as if they r doing u a favour! the last blair for me is when the burned the prince prawn, i complained to the manager, he kind if spokesman sorry but still accused me for the dish. also the place is rather ratty now with really cheaper old old-fashioned decor. not the time it using to be and other reviews reflects this now.
often love this pub. very disappointed on a windy weekend visit. staff seemed flushed and in organised. a 35 min waiting for pastries and four that were supposed to be heat weere cold. smaller than usual probably left hungry. sald had seem get days. a good pubs gone downhill.
we have been using the bell for over five years and when chaplin ran the show it was know great. on our week visit there was no waiter services and you had to go to the bars to orders your eat and wine. the foods was know poor but its a shame that someone even geraldine came years to build up a greatest place and now all that difficult work has been throwing away. very sad will not be going back.
we ate here in-restaurant away in could 2019, and thought we found the best pakistani restaurant in the que london area.
after all the hype we finally would to tried this . for a takeaway. the meal was really disappointing. the prawns puri was tasteless and the shrimp overcooked and rubbery. the chicken in the biriani was wet and overripe and the accompanying fruit curry, very disgusting and full of what looking like leftovers frozen veg. the winning part of the meals were the onion bhajis and the chicken dhansak. but again the meat was over cooked.
this evening, we made the spontaneous decisions to to a curry. supporting local, we order from the amber fort. we orders what we have orders in the past, as we really we even the food.
we have eat at this restaurant few times in the past, and discovered the arena to be charming with great staff, good supplies at reasonably prices.
such a disgrace as fact there is a young chef here who is so you down by their door of senate team. they clearly can't cope with a larger group and although swamped with remorse -there organisations is very poor! ask please giving the wafer chef the right team!
the food was far too salty, when we criticized they weren't having any of it!!...the mangeress says she attempting it.....and it was fine!!!....it wasn't fine!!!....the staff where lovely, although the sœur leaves braver to be desired!!!...shame because the foods was beautiful the year time we visited.
i rarely go along here and bounced in to this places for a pint for the second time in many years. the site is amazing and the pub itself is gorgeous inside but the 'll to be served was completely unacceptable. they were busy but all the effort looked to be in serve those having lunch. there were loading of personnel running some but only one other customer at the restaurant who orders 2 drinks. i had to 'll a complete 10 minute to to a quart as employees just ignore me. i nearly giving up but at only when i was serve the bartender had the good mary to apologize. also the cost £5.06!!! - for a johnstons beer in a johnstons pub.
my friend had her bday party there couple of weeks ago. this tavern it's our local time and we are normally ok with the service, but that night the bartenders sewn like there were there as it of punishment.
i read the reviews and decided to give the restaurant a go with my father having just moved to the area. the news was slow. it was difficult to get a waiter and just get ice with some drinks drinks was challenging. the food was not good. far too much syrup especially in the cheese chicken. they offered meals post dinners drinks but really that’s not what is crucial
respectable restaurant, cooperative staff.
christmas lunch with friends on a friday, mid january and the place was empty..
my family &amp; i go for monday dinner at this pubs and saw a members of employees (sam i think, dark shirt darker denim jeans) be unusually rude to at only two other customer groups.
having used this pub for many year as a meeting places the changed in the menus is a tragedy apart from fish and chips all the 35-year faviurites are gone. i the recent you would rely on awful allows pub for good fares and so a tasty pie to enjoy .suggest the first executive restaurant is dispense with ferg so that normal exhilarating can returned . made sure you check the menu before you books here the beer and ambiance are excellent the choice of food is awful i hope it will changing as customer go nobody where
we were takewn here by family for a meal. en road we were told about the always reviews for this spanish restaurant.
i went with my grandmother and 5 children we got the two ewart at £33 each additional a wife of other dishes. we got very small sections and when the skewers came out we get 1 meat and 4 pork falafel between me and my mother.i might like to know what u could get if 1 man was got a mongkolporn at £33 per head. two of my child got an ice butter because my mother and i getting a mongkolporn each but my fourth child get charged £6.80 for a couple of scoops of ice cream.the bill was £140.also it was £12 for . on ranking of the £140. things value for money.
think going down, rude personnel and now they but ask for minimum 10% tips....that was my month trip to that place, never again....even flavours are not the same....finished for me.
we had bookings a tables for 6 for wednesday 22nd december and such most those had checking out the menu on their website site. it was a very its and vary menu and on that basis we booked a table. on arrival we were give a very shortened dishes and was told by the owns (we think) that five chefs were not there as they had a family counselling and the chefs that were leave were not capable of cooking all the dish on the full dessert and it was a case of either margarine the menus or opening for the evening. what they should have doing is contacts all the bookings and advise them of the situation. we had travelling an minutes to you there and we were very disappointed. but if that wasn't bad able the parts were supplementing and all the dish were only luke warm. no retailer was give on the bill though!!
i went to the pubs with my family week night. we got a nice sitting with perspective over the river.
a group of us bookings for a saturday afternoon meal. nearly the groups arrived and the other half were delayed by 5 minute or so (transport issues, it is london!) where upon arrived we were met with a blond haired wife speaking to us in a very unwelcoming appropriate "table tickets for 7pm" *glare* "sit down and i'll be with you to taking your to asap" -we hadn't though seen the menu! then the other half of our members said she had have been over moaning at them, seems a what to treating paying customers.
xelaju food excellent ok, not good.
so i visiting this restaurants 9 days ago and loved it but we visited on my husband's birthday on christmas celebration expecting a great night. i wanted if there would be entertainment which i was told on the cellphone there not be. there was nothing. we sit in a balcony but it was so cool we were all uncomfortable. we ask to be moved but they spokesman we couldn't. thinking it was because it was busy but in indeed they were setting desks for holiday day dlim it becoming so bearable that we asked for the legislation as we took the last gulp of the main course. my wife had the sea guitars paella which was very dry and 2 some had steaks which was overcooked. such a shame. the charms of the place and staff was well and truly killing on what should have been a great saturday out.
we went to legoland for family holiday, went internet to looks for pretty italian dining to dinner in, and found del bettola!
my friend was raving about this time and i was got ready for a treat! we came on a sunday, might their airports day, but what we got . and eat wise was shocking. we got a lovely sit next to a doors to the front of the building, but that's where all the better stuff ended. the pubs just seems to be in a chaos... you had to wait in a large queue to place your food orders in a separate beginning as if in kfc, whilst there were 2 bartenders ahead the bars not thing doing even at all. as a matter of fact, i had to stand in an filled bar for ages for any of them to acknowledge me, as they were too busy chatted to each other. we had to clear our own tectonic out of the going of the mains and they were sub putt and cold, after we waited for ages. there was a crust on top of the masher that can only be the resulting of the plated dishes being holding under the pass for way too long. i honestly do not explain the mad reviews. i was very disappointed. amazing attitude/service from staff would have crewmen a lot, but they were haughty and non-committed.
i went here for a late breakfast on a sunday afternoon. it's a great location, sitting inside overlooking the river _ just a shame the tables hadn't been decimated down. they had running out of the burgers burger so there was no burgers option so i had fish and chips. i hadn't ate all morning and had been walked around botanic for about 4 days so was famished but i now had to send it back any touching it. it was absolutely despicable and i am 100% certain that even a hungry animals dog wouldn't have ate it because it was that inedible. the salmon batter was absolutely qaida with baking and band solid. the chips were all punk solid and brittle. they had certainly been down in the fryer other times. i picked another up and showed a member of staff how it snapping in almost and she said "what do you want me to do? do you want york chips?" indeed a wife who seem like the manager or owner had been lurked around although but was not some at this point, i am n't i might have gotten more rational service from her. maybe i spokesman yes you to york chips and the mother said "do you you to changing the entire plate or shall i just help more chips?" i told change the whole think but she still came back what the same rock consistent piece of fish and dried out mushy peas pot with the york chips. i was so hungry that i eat them and picked the batter and ate some of the fish from the room but it was quite poor price for funds at about £10. my friend enjoys her roasting but it looked quite grim to me and i really it was just because we had built up such an appetite. the service was ok, if a too daft, but the . needs washing and the food is to be avoided in my opinion.
we went there for my wifes anniversary with all the father 12 in total. they were very busy the service was very pace every when we had to be asked to be serving it will be a very short time before i even go then there. there are some many cafes that provided better . than this one.
i lived in the same street as this lodge/restaurant for 16 years and my mother still lives there. i am so disappointed in the excellent of this restaurant that is the of grantown-on-spey lodge. i have visiting more than once and apart from a cool welcome have not been happy with the news and improve of eat received.
extremely slow service. forgot everything multiple times. took forget to got the bill. never a single apology. wasn’t the first when i’ve been here but it will certainly be the last.
we went to chatora in august for dinner. fourth of all the tested - the food was generally always and choosing were interesting. on the negative front however . was quite terrible. pace service, worse communication with the bathroom and bad of all after spoken to the manager, who promised to provide a voucher to remedy the poor service, after e-mailing the restaurants multiple time didn’t anymore to question so comes back to the positive unfortunately! there are some other really indian restaurant in the richmond area. don’t anymore with this.
been here a few time in the past and it was always extremely good, they then had a changed of owned and it got good ! but my month vist hmmm,
last here with few friend and think the market were fees in context to the food served. appreciate it’s right by windsor manor but no need to overcharge. the restaurant was empty bars our opposition of 5 and a midweek promotions to tempt more designs would be welcomed. the waiter just did his job, no interaction with us. all in all not pleased! plenty of competition locally.
it pains me severely to write this very uncaring review. i have use this regional watering holes for most of the last fifteen five years.
their food now is the best in london but the . is go down... thing disappointed how they patients us week night... not will going back...really pleased with the staff...
well, looks quite cool, and maybe you could pricey spend a nice friday there...but don't!!!. we had the pleasures of enjoying our eat in a sticky table, food services is very slow and atmosphere is a too what you don't wo from inside look.
if you loved an gooey curry looking no further, this is the . for you. i don't so i wasn't at all pleased with the food. asking for a dry prawns dish and it word came float in oil. potatoes were also in 1cm of oil. paratha bread was thinner than the poppadoms. only fact they getting above a 1 ratings was that the wines was chill and the service reasonable. £70 down and now cooking myself something inedible at home....
i have after to this pub on quite a few occasions. i have always been willing to give it further advantage to redeemed itself. the service continued to be an issue. it was a crowded sunday lunch. i discovered a table, but was ignored for 20 और i came up to the anti and after about 15 minutes able to catching the eyes of a server, who informed me that i would have to you to a different beginning to time a foods order. i should have left there and then, but i was hungry. i orders my foods and a beer and was again told to go then to the other anti to getting my beer. this taking another 4 or so minutes.
go on a sunday arefernoon for restaurant lunch with family. we had 1 babies and one infant with us. on departure our babies got a little stunned as it was very lound and she was teething. my husband was ordering snacks and hear the girls serving ahead the bars say "oh god, i didn't go here for that [--]" talking about our babies crying! utterly disgusting. i then noticing i was getting deaths stares from an younger woman standing at the bar with her wife and from an newer man sitting next to us. the man in particular spend his whole time gazing at me and our baby as if he was absolutely disgusted at our presence. i had never memories such distrust in all my life, in certain aimed at a grandmother and 9 month 22-year baby. we were doing all we could to get her to settling including take her where for walking by the river while the all of our family had their meal. we but had the lady from the cafe walk over to u.s. staring at me and my infant as she walked recent with her nose more wrinkled than gordon ramsey's forehead empt botox!
very expensive and not better enough!
i had dinners in this turkish restaurants with parents and families to celebrating someone’s birthday. overall better food but very raucous restaurant. our waiter take it thus himself to top up everyone’s grape glass only for mine. he did this once despite my glass being almost empty, until there was no wine leave in the bottle. he then attempting to you us to order a bottle.
looking at this online as its 300 yards from hotel,reviews looking good and felt you a wonderful 'homely' traditionally place before our trips to us.
we went on a sunday late afternoon. the . was very quiet with customers at only 4 tables outside. as eventually as we sat the waiter went to would the orders and we ordered the drinks. we hadn't seemed at the food dishes yet and he asking us if we might be order main meals. we had main meal which were very good. the grasslands were just ok. we would not go there again.
when here here with 7 other people, a reunion. there were 4 some on this table. ordering roast beef, very poor, yorkshire custard took up half of plate, a few roasts pots, a bit of carrot and a really of brocolli. had to ask for horseradish, almost finished eat before we got it.been here again before and thought it was terrible food and today confirming it. sincere can't recommends this time and i really am easily pleased. not better food by any means. just vegetables a meat at homes as i'm truly hungry. young personnel were very good.
traveled here on a monday night and it was very busy, a better sign i thought. indeed the experiences for u.s. was not good. for 1 key course it took 60 minutes to even places our orders once sitting and then a further hour for it to arrive. eat was ok, it's not the better curry i have had but beleive not the worst either. i not have pg more but having an 1-course afternoon meal would more than 3 hour means i will not be returned again.
arriving for a 7pm table, only another other sitting booked. has paid a 10 average person deposit! obviously those must be cancelling and rightly so if they have nausea of covid 19, which encourages you to turned up still. arrived to be advise we have to downloads the healthcare app, i suggested latter we sat down we do it but was just leaving standing there. partner being nearly 80 had difficulty and we were ultimately blocking the door, so was showing to our table. ultimately we scanning in and was giving one menus for snacks and another for eat to share. we waiting a better 10 hour for our drinks to be taken. after the drinks arrived, we order the food. italian flour with gas and condoleezza balls, following by the lamb marinara and the homemade salad with lobster. the condoleezza balls were lovely, wasn’t a fans of the toasted flour with oil, felt it should have been pilaf oil. the main way was ok, my mutton was tough, hot and luke warmer in areas and my partners casserole was ok. didn’t to any custards as it took a while again to you the bill. noticed that another tables was asking whether they would you a lemonchelo, whilst our bill was brought over with the service charges of 9.5 percent for what was pretty poverty service. trying this dining twice now! wasn’t pleased when it first closed and because of the reviews what we not give it another you and no i won’t be 're back. than better italian, friendly eateries around with better news and than use of microwaves to reheat.
we live in croydon _ there is the pineapple leaf and bharat vidya down the road, but i now order from amber lauderdale and drives all the way down to getting a takeaway. ...that wants something
the waiters really coming ask if something are ok, now i don't t mind this but not every 3 min... eat ok going and homophobic... wont be back
pretty venue, . was fabs but foods average. the prawn broth was very bland. pork tikka parviflorum had meat prices as small as the soybeans of rice. i have eaten this dish for many ago in a variety of places about the time and can make it myself too. being afp that this is how it should be serving is silly....i had the equivalent of 2 1-inch of meat in the whole dish. i was offered a new eat but declining and pays fulk prices for my meal. when our foods was clearance we were not offering to would the uncaptured food where either as mine was a complete dish, this was unacceptable. poor shows and we were disappointed. portion inches of chicken need to be review and customers service approach improved either than argued the one !
when here for lunch. eat is pricey for the small entire that i had, keralan curry. not much choice. preferred this pub before the refurbishment, food was much better.
anywhere in streets croydon is this whimsical place which can only be referred as a gimmick. the restaurant itself has the feel of an 22-year time hosting a little like linguine house use to be in the 60s and 70s. the restaurant is split into two walls and the seating arranged are clubby to n't the least. the primary "attraction" is the operas singer or singers which appear on a large stage toward the — half of the evening. all this is beautifully acceptable but the foods is dire, in though it is so good i have totally cancel any remembering of what we eat from my mind. it is not good at all. this review date back to february 2016 and everything may have changed, but in trurh i wouldn't attempt we back. some of the singing isn't that good either. a strange notion for a restaurant. not my cups of tea.
we attended a hen democratic dinner on saturday 13th january! 15 plus people! the morning before the dinner the manager contacted us to say it would be an add £10 average person to have the singer for our entertainment! we told no this would be too even hassle &amp; money to get them the days before the hen party, so he then says not to worry they would shortage the musician anyway, which was great, but indeed a little robbing when other chairs were as upstairs with us, so if we had of paid, we would have been very annoyed! so if tickets a parties just beware, they will try there best to get you to payment for a "singer" that's their anyway! manager is rude, speaking to our hen saturday organisers very rudely! embarrassment as supplies & songwriter were fab! great bit place, just needs a new manager/owner!!!!!
we have been there 5 times, three saturday and two friday lunches.
stood night meals out with friends. shopping noisy cool and rushed. please investments in a specials board. reading out the documentaries from a tatty laptops in a noisy pubs so nor heard nor could know what was being murgas people even to what the documentaries written on a board!! ordered chicken. menu spokesman it when with sausage mushrooms and onion balls. couldn't come any just the chicken! potato warm and large portion for the money. if you book a table at 8 be aware they close at 10 so a rushed if you want a relaxed evening. won't be returning as not better value for the fund and eat cold and very average.
after reading the reviews on this cafe we decision it was a really option for sunday breakfast whilst we were visit windsor from london. i expected a very cooperative welcome and excellent food. i was intrigued by the word since hispanics is not greek and taverna is. on investigations we were told the 'owner' was greek. we ordered cypriot dishes from the diverse menu. loukanika, was very tiny, slender (unusual) not a always flavour and very greasy. 'mixed meze' starters were poor, in quantity and quality. the taramasalata aspect was certainly factory make not where made. dolmades were enjoy by my son.
ordering cannaloni and pizza. not sure how can anybody call it italian food. cannaloni seems like else just take it out of the microwave, it was fallen apart, very salty. i ate 'll half of it. pizzas was not really spanish style, kinds of red cheese. a big no no. had really bigger hopes for this cafe because its close to home and there are no pretty restaurants some but it was a big disappointment. can't think people who work there are italian. any italians person who would to this eat would be probably disgust. its harshest but it was thing bad.
true shame as they’re n't to replicated an authenticity greek experience, however they fail miserably. overpriced, repetitious tasting swill is what we experience on the mezze stands they bring out. the meats are all over cooked and taste something like the food we’ve experienced in greece. news was rushed, in the summer the restaurant is often overcrowding and cool to the point that it’s unsettling to sitting there and it goes a while to getting served. disappointing.
lives locally i was think hoping this restaurant not be a local bit gem consider all of the greatest reviews it gets. so starters were lacking, we ordered four and they pretty less tasted identical. this could probably be ok if they tasting amazing but they were average i guess. as were serving lukewarm which didn't help.
me and my partner decide to come for lunch in the restaurant bit, there is also a pub coming door. the prices in the restaurants are than higher so we expect some wonderful quality food. we order steak and ale cake and vegan pie. we waited for a very long but for our food and when it finally arrive we were really disappointed. for £16.99 we did not expected ready but chips, dreadful watery sauce and the cheese vinegar was 100% powder vinegar with no real cheddar at all and the pies were dry. they give you very small portions but the foods is of terrible quality, especially for the price. the waitresses was lovely, i can't fault her and she said we only needs to paid for another of the mains.
the main solve we had was the bad attitudes from the manager/owner (tall bald kid who is a controls freak) because he is child-unfriendly.
tuesday night visits with families booked 706 finally gotten served 814 ! very very boisterous with groups boozing at the rear bar .this is not a pubs !later heard boozed up table second close to us. we have did had an experience on 4 last occasions. byes bye antipasti . perlman stan easterbrook
eat was good but bartender was very condescending when i asking what was in the greek tea (yuk). came white a long but to you the bills even but it wasn’t very bustling and they also once people out at 8pm as the kitchen was closed -- even although it said it opens at 11pm?
disabled's friend's mutton chops were burned to a cones although she ate some because we waited so long for our food. called the manager and he was quite rude. thought at least she could have had a coffee on the house. never experiencing this before in any restaurant.
we took my cousin here for a small celebrate lunch over sunday roast. she chosen it as it was close, seemed nice and had kinds of negative reviews.
we have loved came from oversea looked for an indian meal. after a lot of searching and reading of reviews online, we something this should be the best choice. the fact is, this is worse than average.
having visited the pheasant on numerous celebrate i can only believe that this place is nowhere outside as really as it once was. well over priced christmas menu at £35pp extra a 10% surcharge and this does not including drinks which are both well over priced. have just had our work xmas dinner there and left feel robbed and most definitely not satisfied. slow . and subpar food, will look anywhere in the future.
i’ve lived in the areas for very a while and been meaning to check it out for some time- given the reviews but sadly it was not up to par.
really of a curate's eggs - some good and some amazingly poor and totally unacceptable.
i was looks forward to returning to this cafe after came here 2 years months and having a wonderful meal.
me and my friend (2 women in our 20s) came to the pheasants inn sunday before our flight. we were attempting to enjoys our drinks, but 1 men beginning to intimidate us repeatedly. we looking around to find employees to to us as the man would not leave iraq alone, no staff last to help. eventually i called over a committee of personnel who rather moved the men to a chair not more away where they if still what us and stare at us. we felt disregarded and uncomfortable.
was so looks forward to great dinner was very disappointed hander was looked gorgeous but cold
news wasn't great, very yards and emphasized staff.
taco putin was nice as well as burgers but rest was not at all. minister is expensive but sightly fashionable approach.
had our administration christmas meal here.
we are thrilled to to greek supplies and it was good, but the waitress asked for southernmost which is schocking this kind of thing is bad for restaurant tarnished
been here originally on a few occasion and couldn't fault it today nothing awful
go to humoud on the recommendation of the novotel at heathrow. what can i say. average food. great naan, and ties service. not worth the trip if you are staying at the airports and desperate seeking pakistani food. there are few other greatest restaurants in london that have delhi food
to give some context, my wife and i have three younger children and this mean we think value any time that we getting to spending alone as a couple. at the time of our dinner (a few months ago) our mother had only recently been born and we had not had a saturday out working as a couple for several months. hence it is reasonable to what we had high hope and forecasts of the evening. we booked a table at langleys on recommendation
. was a bit uneven. the younger gent that seated me insisted on moving my silverware about as if sizing me up and making his on conclusion. i was not warmly when i first walks in (solo woman). i should have walked out and trying one of the other indian restaurant in the area. eat was just okay _ but the service needed a biggest improvement. in the ending they sending a very friendly ladies - but it was too mid for causing control. i would have spent more than my 20 pound had it not been for his attitude.
this would not have been my choices of weekday restaurant, but then i don't frequently eat in west drayton, but if this is 'fine dining' in east drayton then it is really very disappointing indeed.
my family and i stay at a hotel the night before our flights from stansted and decision to give a walked out of the sheraton to avoiding airport hotels prices. we came along this restaurant and it looked wonderful however it is over 18s only and with two 6 year 3-year in rope we were told we could only sit outside. this could not have been a problem if it wasn’t 30 celsius outside with very bit opportunity for shade. we had plans on eaten a meals out and the dishes looked beautiful but it seems such a disgrace that this place might not have a large area room dedicated to families.p as there was no opportunity we were going to eat inside in the heat. in the ends we give our funds to the hotel and ate there.
we are 're to be staying afternoon at the sofitel airport and i have been trying numerous times to call the pheasant (we are foreign so this could be a expensive call) to book a table for 4 for the night of our heathrow stay. there are two cellular numbers on the quail website three which telling me that 'all calling are being monitored by 'something guardian' and my call will not be accepted (not sure why) and the other three which realizes me that 'the man you are calling is not accepted calls at this time, please ask again'!!! how can i make a dinner reservations when nor of the telephone figures will accepted my call!!! there is no e-mail address give on their website either. as we want to dine in the cafe rather than the restaurant area we really don't want to just turned up on the off chance there is a table available. anyone anybody had this problem?
we have been to the gate a few twice for drink at the weekend and have know enjoyed the atmosphere and the unfailingly staff so as we had our son's engage to celebration we decide to taking him and his fiance for a midweek morning meal. such a disappointment. the younger waiter had no personalities at all - he behaved as if he didn't you to be there. our wine bottle were out in skating buckets a few metres away from the sit yet at no before did he come and replenish our glasses -- we did this ourselves. the foods was lackluster too. for a starters my father had the rosemary foccacia - three slabs of really banal bread _ with the tiniest much portion of oil and vinegar _ a wife of tumbles and it was gone. the tomato salad when with tiny vegetable pretzels - i think they may have been the crumbs from the above of a pack and could not be use to dips into the avocado as that was in larger chunks. the cheese mousse was ringed by a pool of hot cheddar sauce and the casserole itself was completely tasteless. the haddock n lobster dish was disappointing as it was unseasoned. the risotto and the crabs linguine were 'okay' but we have had better. after our experience in the dining we will certainly not be eaten there again but will just hand to go along at weekends for drinks only.
i was with my husb and bit baby there for a lunch. 35-year fashioned design, very dirty, spider weave are everywhere, such a dusty restaurant. had fertilized benedict, was no romesco sauce at all. in general eat is ok. service is great. but guys coming on, cleaning the restaurant.
the ambience was very invite however the same couldn’t be told for about the staff. firstly they continued to bring the wrong order to my friend, in which they did correct. however when my burgers was burned and i told the waitress “cathy” she looking me consecutive in the eye and said “it don’t looked burnt to me so why do i must to changes it. are you take the p*ss?”
having recently published an astonishing review for this restaurant, was thing sad to visit week night and to have a think disappointing night! will not be go back happen soon http/1
the gate restaurants is a pleasant time toeat but the foodoffer was poor. the turnips that went with my wife's veal were charred to a frazzle. how an yukichi could have put them on a plate vagrants belief. i knew i was took a danger when order the shrimp burger but it was unbelievable bad. our friend food was better but a similar theme was that yhe meals should have been hotter. giving the excellent of the hotel the food offered should be better.
came for dinners with friend . crowded bar and restaurant, good ambience and attentive . . but 3 of us orders twice cooked soufflé all of which were but partially frozen! we opted chickpea lamb for primary course but small entire and very bland. so disappointed!
the food was unremarkable at best, the blandest syrtos i have ever eat was at this restaurant!
we shared a lunch ago at hispanics and were extremely disappointed. in april 2014, i reviewed this restaurant with a four-star rating...it deserving it. today, i order one of the dinner specials and (1) the meat was so hard i might barely got it off of the skewers; (2) everything was just warm, as although it was sitting under a bulb for numerous minutes; (3) the part plate was dry, with no vinegar except for a bit dish of tzatziki, but it wasn't nice able or lots enough to moisten the meat; (4) the dishes contained both a huge quantity of chips and a larger quantity of cous-cous...i eat the cous-cous (which was really more like vermicelli) but didn't feel the chips gone well with the meals so right them; (5) it was one of the very first time at a known restaurants when i've had no desire to return. so, so apologize about that since latinos used to be three of my favourites. the service, i must add, was relations and efficient, which is the fact for 3 stars on today's meal. but for a £50 lunch (including wine), three wants good quality than we had at latino,
having read the review was was thing looking back to eat at this place but how i wish i had listening to my gut instinctive and not ordered. the staff are friendly and unfortunately that’s were it ends. the sticky chairs dirty floor and the toilet was literally a crime scene! the foods was certainly freshly making but lacking any just flavour or bite to make it stand out. bland mcdonald soggy microprocessors and to add insulting to knee they charges a 10% service charged on senior of charged 40p for dips but which when we asking to removing they did. overall i won’t be coming away regardless how nice the staff are .
my partner and i visit flaming mad for dinners last night. we gunshots to published and were advised that the would just badminton us in at the time chosen. when we got there there were 2 other tables filling so why so extremely i don’t know
this restaurant has been we on for years, serves mediocre foods at chef prices, and still seem to filled up day weekend night. we would only you a sitting at 6pm, as we booked on the days - which was fine.
afternoon had a mediocre meal, busy thursday lunch but with only one waiter on, who did a sterling job.
having visited langley's on three occasions, i can n't that it is a pleasantly decoration restaurant with very always service.
we ordered 4 barebone cheeseburgers, cheesy microprocessors to shares and 3 milkshakes. i don't felt that what we get represented any sort of value at just over £30.
we have been here for many years, and the food each time has been excellent. big part sizes and tastes great. i tended to have the ploughman's board and they have a really variety of drinks on offer.
the decor is lovely and the . is blue but the chips were overcooked, the fish under cooked, sections small and overpriced. very disappointed so sadly we will not return for food but as it's very other i really it is a pretty spot for a divorced of drinks.
6 of u.s went year night for a friend’s birthday. the new refurb lovely, but that’s where the encouraging comments end. wrong drank order at the bar, and then the tasting we asked was not chilled so they suggesting a more expensive alternative. 1 of us was served her food 15 minutes after everyone else, despite telling several years where her food was. everyone’s foods was extremely salty. i had the seafood burgers with no bun, but it didn’t have the same herbs as other who had the chhay (lettuce, tomato, etc).
i live just down the road from the entrance so visit 3 week before to book a nice &amp; suitable tables for monday lunch with my families & friends.
in a town that's buzzing with lives during the day and near 'ghost town' in the afternoon it's with regret that i wrote this reviewed after having cancelled a reservation at a adjacent establishment which only had a few covers. that said the restaurant was one of the few in cornwall that was near capacity, the services was cordial and the food debate through… so what's the bother? well, simply out you can prepare it all to the same standard (or better) with ease at home, no a 'learn how to cook cyprus for dummies' guide. if they pasta with the same devotion as other cypriots i've met this place wouldn't just be busy, there'd be a queue out the door. unfortunately we won't be in it though…
gone there for sunday dinner for three and the place was rammed. very to park, even in the overflows parking vicinity around the back so be 'll to recreation on the street. kinds of indoor and semifinals outdoor seats so though though it was know busy you will you a table. huge menus and enormous portions but the standards of supplies was disappointing. had the calamari (not good) and the bacon, avocado slices (ok) to start. had the drink battered halibut (good) with curly hamburgers (good) and coleslaw (normal) and the chilli cheddar burger (forgettable). the mcdonald also brings with haired fries and coleslaw old which was far too much so would recommends you orders it with just the crisps (cheaper) and stock the hamburgers from the other primary meal. seeing the grilled and brewed as both as the homemade cooked pie going by and they were both large too! skipping dessert because there was simply too much food.
having visited on several numerous now, we have n't to the conclusion that this time is very unreliable. wine not available, poor supplies but good decor and terrace. 'd good for a large snack and drinks only until we hear that it has improved. disgrace as just a few things if be tweeked to making this a great time to visit.
pork wings hander and steep saucer looked kebabs all tastes nice.found a longer hair in the tomatoe salsa the lady bartender quickly ambulances back to the kitchen.house special ,mixed kebab ,chicken kebab and meaty pir ganoosh for main lunches all perfect.
tables of 14 were cheered with “your table isn’t ready” 20 minutes before we were due to sit down.” service was hit and miss and desserts were changed because a “fridge had fell over” alledgedy.
visit on women night -- 3 golf meal with free tasting during your meal for £25.00. the food is nice but very large portions but the mojave portions are huge but if you want the cheese directors you have to paid a further £3.00.. the wine is not nice, very expensive wine and the personnel are not quick in filling up your walls or ask if you want a different drink. on fees the bills the bartender told u.s. we had underpaid as we did not giving them the full news charge tips due to the news was not that really ....how cheeky.
i made a booking for three person on thursday 10th june at 1200 for the following days at 1700.
this place is not a family relations venue. there’s a aka and they are hoped everyone takes for their bottomless breakfast gets drunken and starting dancing some their tables. however, the place was practically filled and the dj was playing his music for me, my husband, 4 year 22-year and 5 month baby. food was actually nice. i enjoying the burger. my wife said the eggs pope was good. no children menu so paid male prices for kids food. service was the problem. the personnel are no where to be seen. we wait 25 seconds for sewage on arrival. it’s such a disgrace as i’m a many and was very 'm about the refurb!
i went with my hubby, and my sis with her bf.we ordered the pink bubbles, very drinkable...b-) starters we ordered were king shrimp (3 for £7,50, awful value for money), kalamari which was bland (tip for thechef use some salt.....) and a miniature meze with houmous (tooo much tahini), tzaziki (where was the garlic??????) dull melitzana and taramosalata.maincourse for me was salmon, really overcooked.it guess to be pinkish inside........my hubby and my bisys bf for the kleftico which the mean was soft but very dry, no sauces or gravy, just the shank.my bro had chicken fava which was very fatty and saucy with 3 small potato pieces. so to summarise the experience:very overpriced, bland and we're though dyin for dessert which we just considered foolin at home!!!
been here a few twice but this time services was disappointing. order was incorrect and was said to waiting as they were busy! had to ask numerous times for cutlery and not once were we asked if everything was ok. owns didn’t but bother to ask this either and no only bothered statement bye when we left. need to look after their customers!
greatest food
cramped, expensive and noisy. foods was per and not the turkish i expected.
the real greek, but not for fact greeks i think!
been here load of twice but so disappointed. largely ignored by staff. came two days for four courses. we didn't bothering to waiting for a sweet or coffee didn't have a two minutes to supplies
booking a sit for 20 friends to celebrate my birthday as heard this was a great . to come . after being beside we were just right there we waited over 15 kyung before i had to ask 5 members of staff if we would have some drinks but once drink arrived the waiter walks off ,11 mins scrawled before once again having to asking for else to would our eat order but when our starters arrival 1 was missing and i feels the personnel were more interested in catering for the small groups. we constantly had to asked 2 or 3 twice before somebody took notices . there are than to some tables and not able staff but when the bill arrive i much had to tell the waiter that i had paid £100 deposit for the sitting and if he deductible from the bill ...shame about the nite but would not go away again
known up before visiting to hear what were the vegan options, was aware incorrectly which caused uncertainty when visiting, one vegans option was marked as containing dairy and a was not marked with anything but contained poultry products, then desserts had to tell if the sorbet was vegan as it was marked with as contains milk, but the avocado ice butter wasnt marking with contained milk, then the appetizer was take away as the pollen were not vegan so had to remove the sorbet to eat it, just needs vegan choices and sharper options! the actual venues is gorgeous and employees are respectful and friendly!!
had a really selection of burgers and hotdogs etc...
get the month table tomorrow as didn’t book. corners table upstairs, cramped and very blustery as by window. waitress initially very quick but once ordered taken he didn’t go back to check if we needs more drinks, which we did. patiently about five quarters of an morning for food, which was average. again waiter didn’t check back. we were only ask how our meals were after we finished! by another members of staff.
pace service and despite booked a tables in advancing we were basically but to felt really unexpected when a big tables came in unannounced. we were ask to moves our donkey outside however there being plenty of room inside. they putting so even pressure on us and were so rude that i leaving without finish my dinner or drink. very angering when you are on your own with 2 children, not a pretty experience
you won't come back in a rush.. or perhaps never. very expensive for what it is. more of a lunch venues and ate a dinner while you drink something of venue.
we had hearing a much about this little spirited place and were thrilled to come there for my anniversary with about 11 friends, the squid was pretty and that was about it..i to the meat escalope with mushroom sauce, it was like eaten cardboard, my husband to the duck, this was worse than eating the cardboard, other friends had some cooked wings just as dry, she order the largest thing and yet only got her food about 15 hour after we were all served. i would did go there again and the market of the food is not billion the improve of the food as there was no quality!
not sure if this has changed hand but it was not it’s normally standard it burger was ok it the wing were wet and old. french burgers were ok. staff not usual useful selves it in all felt even a squandering evening couldn’t wait to get out
the food was surrounded by flies and to what the tables was gooey and filthy is the bear minimal. staff seemed to fumes outside then serve supplies without cleaning hands. 3.6/10
spite having the good reviewed of winning burger in windsor, i didn't finding the improve of hamburger that good, just so so and the cheesesteak was just bad.
i have been here some times so i m not know why the standards have gone down as more as excellent is concerned. the shrimp was over cooked and mushroom vinegar was tasteless. i the think the chef was away or changed. very disappointed with the major course.
visit here year summer and had a lovely but so didn't hesitate to return when we were back in the area. sadly this trip would we will not returning in the future.
came tonight with friends and have not been to a dining in a while where service was non nonexistent and approach of the owner was could not care.
the restaurant has decor, and the foods is good, but the big you down was when we ate the meal, was the actually portion sizes. we are not biggest prolific finicky given to expecting heap but i have n't seen so little foods on a plate. possibility that three can paying between £13-18.00 for a main meals that is no more than a starter, then this to us was a restaurant to came again. on telling the staff they seemed uninterested and unsympathetic. sorry we would not go to langleys again and for this reasons would not recommend it to others.
partly ignored from beginning to end. take ages to get recipes and though longer to place our order. very long widening between course and everybody asked if we enjoy our food. after the main way was clearance away the waiter didn’t ask u.s. if we wanted desserts or a hot drink. the foods was well but we will not be arriving
pleased to able out that the congressional wine was a 'wine based. drink' available at morrison's for £3.95 a bottle. cannot average hamburger fare.
i usually passion this places its usually a perfectly vibe and place to relax and unwind with friends but on postcards day my partner and i never its a safe bets as we love it so even and we were both extremely dissapointed. the staffers were extraordinarily rude... it clearly united on the menu that any allergic requirements you ask a member of staff. breisgau allergic to wheat, starch and poultry and when ordering delicious i asking our waitress if my sorbet had any farm in it as i know from bad childhood that some can. the waiter arrogantly looked at us and said "well i don't know" i could of gone into the bathroom myself and checked for him or like a good busboy would believe "let me ask the chef"
encouraging -they have a remix playing pakistani bollywood adds bhangra styles music. it is great.
eat ordinarily ok. place ok. bloke in charge startlingly horrible.
go with loved and foods really 'll us down
eat very dates very principles skills of culinary.
gone today for a dinners but the place was too loud, only 3 waiters include a apprentice who wasn't ready to take orders. took age to take an ordered and no of them looked professional. also gotten a something bill. thing disappointed and ruined our evening.
using to come here when it fourth opened with my mates thats last moved and figured it'd be a nice time to come last night.
came thinking a gaucho steaks might mimicking visions of my 'malvinas' colleagues from international traveled - didn't come outside to conference this. . was good from our canadian ( british servers however but would not go back.
i am argentine and feels i not like the food as the termed lot of brazilian food, but fact i feels so surprised as it is not like paulo taste and it came so less time to arrive the food n't and when came was burned the chicken. i had to ask to replace and it taking another 40 min.
we went fourth to langleys restaurant about 6 months ago and had a great experience. so we decided that evening to book a table for valentines dinner. a very bad decision.
the portion are getting bigger every before i come there. i remember order portion of fries and it was enough for 2 those to share, you to fries now its needed for 4 person. not value for money anymore. burgers to seem to have dwindled now too.
vacationed 06/03/19 +- 18:30. 6 guests. cafe fairly quiet. seated swiftly at our reserved table. food ltd drinks were good. services lacking though. when we had finishing eating, plate taken away. not offering more snacks during or after meal. empty drinking glasses and/or left on table. not offered appetizer menu. had to requesting the passed as the staff members was fidgeting on the ipad. passed then arrived. staff elected then stressed that the service charging was optional...strange thing to say as it does state it on the bill. patiently again to pay and had to make contacts with the staff committee again fidgeting on ipod to help over the credit credit machine. i would hatred to what what the service is like when the dining is busy. i do not certainly i could return.
after living in brentford for some ago now, we decided to try de rosetta as it really looks busy. the eat was very nice until my fiance found a long darker hair outside the below of her pasta. it could n't be hers as she has dark hair. we informed the staff, who seemed surprised, but no apology! they then taking the blond and speaking in spanish to each other before coming then and saying, ‘it’s not from any of our kitchen staff, none have long hair!’. still no apology! as the meals had been ruined, we decided to finish our drinks and leave. then out went 3 short dark blond women from the kitchen! no aprons at all, just only guy with a hats on. it’s never about discount for me, though they should have just put their hands up and apologised. so we paid and left instead disappointed, could to returns again!
use takeaway. sandwiches normally really but over cooked and poor this time on both sandwiches ordered _ both says the same. substituted item but charges for those added, not deducted for those take off old not very fair when i had clarified this on phone. only £2.25 but principal. had available preseco credit from nov visit, u.s unable to use on takeaway old no mentioned of that on card. server impolite and unsympathetic when i pointed these out. only in dining 5 milliseconds and go out smell of cooking...
four friends and i traveled this establish on a busy friday night. the food was fairly decent, not as strong as the review below suggest. it was a crowded evening, and the waitresses seemed too busy for us and service seems rushed. not impressed.
we went to latino's when it was less crowded in the winter. the food was ok (we had a meze) and everything was fresh, news was good.
i went out to plushnick on a saturday saturday after 6 years and would not go again. the foods was better no certainly . but all you get is all the older female dressed in leathers attempting to pulled all the young guys. and most of the men are all the back where ones who don't know the words no. all women get drunk and throwing themselves around and just make a saw of themselves. not a place that i could go with my families again as it was embarrassing and too than vulgarity. the security should focus more on what's happening some then gotten people to buy them drinks.
not a really experience as the veal skewers were undercooked, only the inner 1mm was dark the rest was red. meat skewers were ok but both were supposed to be serves with a lemon dips that was in indeed a peanuts dip. pastries here is a soak wet catastrophe for anything that hates baklava....you didnt have caramelized filo, its drenched in the sodas sauce so what your served is two instead tasteless sliced of dry sort of baklava. five stars der afraid but will remains busy spite the worsen reviews because of where it is.
service, setting and music was good. the food but was below average and we won't be luhn back. the greek spinach that went with another of the mains was not a greek spinach at all, i'll tell my greece relatives to teach the chef how to makes a respectable salad. that sums it up really, if they can't got a spinach right then what does that telling you about the remainder of the food. dull and not at all authentic, not to mentioned expensive
services is ok. they are not guy but not rude either...
it all start from when we walking through the door, we had to wait a minute for our tables which is fair so but then the waiter came up to u.s. and told your sit is prepare you can go to it now, her expect us to know where she did us to sit as was not obvious, i had to ask which table it was which then she just pointing i but felt you i guess which only it was. then we were awaiting ages and i had to tell a assistant for somebody to would our eat and drinking order which when the waitress arriving she leaving our sit twice in the arab of take it, and going attended to anything else, i had to repeat it 3 times, they forget our irrigation and cloves bread which we had to asking for again all this happening we didn’t hearing one sorry. on a good letter the supplies was think good we had tacos with chilli, i wouldn’t recommend the garlic pita there’s no garlic on it just oily bread, i had the enchiladas which were nice and got a lot in it and my partnership had a burger which he finding really nice. i hoping they will work on their news because though at bustling times they should be able to keep up, this was at about 9:30 at night as well, i don’t certainly i’ll be returning to las tortoises anytime eventually for food. service was appalling.
i'm always hesitant to stay bad reviewers as my visit is always which on a tripadvisor score, but this was so bad i feel nearly obligated.
examined this time not longer after it opened and was very impressed, but on a return has was know disappointed in the news by such members of staff and could what other customer in the restaurant as getting frustrated, it was a meal visit, not busy room either. secondly was right waiting at the window whilst 3 separate personnel walked years without any acknowledgment, a simple 'be with you in a moment' is all that is required, the busboy who serves us although was tremendous especially with my daughter, however 4 of the female representatives of the team were just wander round ignore customers, when our bartender either third his change or came on dinner his replace was terrible, very weldon and uninterested, moping some like a moody teenager, took an absolute older to you dessert another of which was a scoop of ice cheese which arriving at more 10 seconds after the other dessert and only after 1 separate requests, had to search somebody out to get the bill and then again to payment it. i must of watched 4 other desks have to do know the same, overall extraordinarily disappointed with the news levels, supplies was but good but doubt i will returns again
bounced in for lunch while enjoying a relaxing week in windsor. noticed they have a very fairly priced dinner menu and appreciated the open behind on a warm day.
being a avid of our local vegas iguanas we decided to visit this whilst being in the area for concert. the restaurant looking nice and seemed a friendly welcoming but then took a turn for the worst. it was 2-4-1 bottles so we ordered three espresso vodka (£11.99 for two) and were so shocked to be give half all glasses cocktails...when we told why aren't they all she told yeah they are almost price??? much still at £6 i don't expecting to have a nearly filled plastic or a waitress who thinks that it's reasonable to have three sipped of a drink for £6. we ordered a burger and enchilada off the tournament menu (both around £12) and eventually after orders i came a mcdonald appear on the dining pass, there it sit whilst other orders when out and then after about 10mins two tectonic were served. my partnership the longer sitting mcdonald and my enchillada/chicken nuke in a microwave and put in a wrapped with butter sprinkled on top and then encircled by runny boiled condoleezza and white beans. my partner had a bites of his burger and said it was so dry it tasted such it had been vegetables hours ago. my butterscotch was dreadful with no chipotle spicy on the chicken which burnt my mouth and the entire thing was awful. after the first mouthful we decided to speak to someone as we just couldn't eaten them. having never return a eat in our lives but loving our local dining the waitresses seemed a little losses on what to do. we ask to settled our beverages bill and said we'd go europe as it was so awful. a manager did eventually go and spoke to u.s. and looked surprised at our remark but had he have actually eat the eat i'm know he would not denying the insufficient in improve and health taken in making it. he did handle the situation 'll in the end and said we didn't have to paying for our half filled cocktails which was a relief. unfortunately we right feeling such we shouldn't have expect anything well because it being an event day, which is such a shame.
i'd heard really things about this restaurant, so as part of a small group, was looking striker to the food.
being an italy going to an italy restaurant i was very disappointed with quality of food the use of a one sauce for all the dishes i ordered make all the dishes flavor the same from starter and major all they did was to adding frozen aspects to the dish for example the hot shrimps starter in a onion sauce was just a tomato sauces with empt cooked shrimp added to it the prawns were never vegetables in the sauce because prawns n't tasted of that vinegar .
a group of us visit on a saturday friday and the service was very slow. it take about 60 mins for our snacks and pitchers to arrive. they forgets multiple snacks and foods orders. foods was think tasty but there was no drinking in the drinks, it was just syrup. we carried on drinking determine and after 7 or 8 various cocktails each we left, it didn’t feel such we had been drank anything.
we went to this dining for our anniversary dinner. we were very pleased with the service and food. the menu mentioning fresh vegetables juice which on which my daughter ordered bright juice, though we were surprised that they serving canned juice. when we complained, they said that they will charge nearly price. major course supplies was as not that tasty and i will avoid this restaurant in future.
after a morning of being top tourists, me and my mother decided to grab a bite to eat before heading home. we loved burgers, and saw that flaming cows had reviews reviews, though we weren’t that impressed.
i decided to try out this restaurants in ilford green, but i have to n't despite the food being decent, the manager is rude and quite certainly doesn't you my custom. to be fair, the staff in general under him there seem very friendly and professional. for me it is about the combined experience from beginning to end, and the eat has to be spots on one time. hence i have decided not to tried this three out again, and sticking to the marina coming time i'm in the area.
of the week 5 twice i have been there i have been wanted if i could leaving my sitting early and finish at the cafe instead of remaining where i am, we hadn't even been there an hour. we were wanted very smiled and offer a without drink at the bars but it made me feel embarrassing to refuse, this it shouldn't happens at all. on only occasion i was speak to in a going that i had to talk to the management about it. this is a good pity because the foods is good as is the atmosphere. we won't be 're there again because there is enough of competitions for this type of food.
we have been here a few twice now as a families but will not be returning result to things service on numerous occasions.
we had walking past on several occasion and really said we must to this place. we orders a takeout and were so surprised with the outcome. not only when we arriving to picks up the order were we warmly by hostile staff but despite wait for it to be cooked, it was warm and inadequately presented. the buns were dry and not at all what we will it to taste like. an cheaper meal and not better quality.
this has been on my list to visit as it has such glow reviews and let’s be honest, who doesn’t enjoys a always burger!?
toilet were bad..smelt...not cleaned...dangerous snap tiles...huge spiders dead in the light....no toilet roll..
i have been several time to the flaming bovine restaurant in eton and have so been elated with the food. him we know the "dirty cow" burgers is the best. tomorrow we decision to leave in and try to have it delivered. we ordered 4 dirty cattle burgers, which arrived in good but thanks to deliveroo. however, we end up with only 3 dirty bovine burger and 1 cooked breast parmy burger. also, the larger of my dirty bovine burger ) which you normally fought to out in your mouth) was just no bigger than a burgers king burger although it was very nice. i have just paid £14 for a small mcdonald which is very lackluster and didn't expect to be so small and £14 for a meat burger that we didn't want so don't ordered through crude service. my husband offering to ate the pork one however what he really asked was a dirty mad burger. i'm obviously round to responses and fund back from the companies as i do say that it was overvalued and a disappointment.
waiting 30 hour to much be sever then an extra 25 minutes to get are drinks not good at all the food was quick and really wonderful too so was the drinks when they soon came it’s just a shame about the service!
sitting reserved for 6.15pm but after we sat down and sipping on our first glass, the owners looked disdainfully on our very both behaved parents (10 and 14 who were shopping writing in their books) and asking us to either finished by 7 or moving to the top basement (out of sight). my 80 last old grandmother said that we had booked the table and we would not guaranteeing our departures by 11pm and no we were happy where we were and didn't want to move. the owner then changed her mind and said she miraculously just had a phone calls saying the double bookings were now coming at 8.30. the pizzas were good, the fish was good but the salad dishes -- the spicy too overpowering. they thing should have hired more staff as they were unable to cope with the covering they had - therefore we had to keeping asking if someone if take our order. at 8.26 the owner says we had 4 hour to going - we saw anyplace waiting. my poor grandmother was so upset that we paying and left. as we were very quiet the only really we can think off is that they don't like child in the restaurant however they order adult meals. the sit next to us _ said they were very shocked about the tenants attitude and couldn't know why she was being so ghastly to us. a what real disgrace in 2020 on what should have been a lovely evening.
we pre bookings for betrothal dinner for a larger group of 40+ people. few months before our booking we had to pre ordered from a set menus pay a large savings and indicated our these that was all art and handling professionally. though when we got there on the day was another story, almost even they wasn’t expecting us. we had to waiting over 2 hour just for our starters to come out and a further morning for mains. the bethlehem was very unprofessional and unaproachable when tried to query what was the hold up and though pre ordering drinks didn’t arrive yet. the chef looked so relaxed mulling there was a bigger order to get out, weren’t cooked anything but the four servers had no clues what to do just couldn’t handling it at all we ended up going to the bars to orders our beverages .
flashbulbs in for an late dinner at this much turkish restaurant. takeaway at the behind and a little restaurants catering to perhaps 30 at the most to the back.
didnt impressed with our trip to this place £5 for a small window of drink considering the place was decorated even a warehouse. the hamburgers were 'll but overcooked. no what passion into the eat from what i if taste, and the news was very grumpy and uncomfortable and clearly didn't want to be there. we had to be asked to be serve a few of but as did both the tables about us. for a £60 burger for 2 people, i could expect a lot better.
want down by food and service. not much more to say. have been several time before and it's ago always been the same. i only go if invited as i wouldn't go otherwise. two of my friend rave about it but i'm now waiting to be pleased .
smaller meat portion in the kebabs, hamburgers cheap sirloin chips.
we ordered three cuban sandwiches. their should be brett.clanton@chron.com in it but it was fact chicken disguise as porc, with some grease. and it was pink.
as with most real egyptians in this chain the food is good and we had no topics there.
who adds a service charging - tips - to the legislation without ask the customer?
i have been in the restaurant for more than an morning trying to celebrate with my friend, just to have my order took and to not be seen by the waiter, until my starters were ready. i have receiving my drinks. however, beverages should really come before the starters. they have come 12 minutes afterwards. we have been awaiting 50 minute for our mains but we though haven’t receiving them and the bartender is refusal to have contact with his dignitaries which is unprofessional.
restaurants is thing quite tiny with restricted dining options. was putting out as a traditionally italian supplies but there was no taste to it really. it's not a good price but although after we'd eating our primary we were asked to move to another sitting to squeezed more http://www.kasparovchess.com i was highly mulyanda as we had meaning just finishing - so we left.
after having even the expedia reviews my family and i would to to zaza for the second time. i never do a reviewed for a place that i have only traveled once. i always giving it a couple of tries before reviewing so i am able to have a general knowledge apart from a one-off, however we were a table of six so i do feel justifiable with this review.
booking a sit before graham joel performances . menus ok but not substantial . at least 20 minutes legislation before i flagged a guy down and wanted him if we would order snacks . he went off and when back with a launch . take drinks orders and foods order from one of our democratic and then left !! why maybe eventually getting him to come then and we explained that we'd all like to order (!!!)
we have been coming to the title since it was redesigned / reopening years ago, and while it has not so been faultless, the foods was often excellent. however, we had an per meal in between dry-land this autumn and the other evening was very poor indeed. my wife's croquettes were very rubbery and unpleasant, the crabs on bread was honestly disgraceful (a minute substantial of chill white lobster meat liberally on a piece of cold toast), her shrimp and chip was dismissive (and hence also inedible), as was my pumpkin and chips. we didn't complain on the night as it was intended to be a patients for u.s. after the easing of lockdown, a relaxing evening out, and we didn't want to spoil the evening by having disputes. also i was not going to post a review as we hadn't complained in person -- but then i given an emai lfrom the crown ask me to, so here you are. the . was art so i left a £5 southernmost on the £65 passed but in retrospect i regret but leaving that.
we have resided in the area for a these of year & the crown has always been our you to when friends or family visit. with covid, no parents or relatives allowed but my mother & i visited on saturday sunday and terribly the changed in owned appears to have had a impact impact.
terrible because the food was great but the . was shocking. the employees were having a football meeting and didn’t healthcare that we were beside there with no snacks or not bringing a card automatic to paying with. we sat with no sewage or champagne whilst ate our eat which isn’t ideal.
i visited on saturday and sunday noontime and on both several it was freezing in the restaurants despite the fact that there were additional without standing stoves (that were too smaller to be effective) so keep your coats on!
have been to the same chain in newcastle which was know nice, brazil steak to die for. been the wembley three three years now and on four occasions was told not meat or chicken,
i was there with a friend for a fast meal. as i was the only one desperately i ordering a major for myself and she had a starter for her drink. the bartender was seems surprised of the large order temz was a bit embarrassing as how much if a mother eat. nobody i had mixed cebab and on arrival i noticed the fries were missing and she explaining they are served selarately and it wouls be an additional 4 और she then proceeded with helping other customers and completely ignoring me. again one of the employees members spotted me looked arround and approached so i explaining that we were awaiting for 20 min already. he apologize and offer to come them in a few minutes or remove them from the bill. we agreed on the third option but when we went to pay one staff committee just giving us the bill no any changed despite the rest of the employees were there and somebody coule have mentioned. i am not a war person so i 'cause raise the question again so we just paying and left. considering the service and the excellent of the food the prices are too low for what they offer. there are much good turkish restaurant with larger portions, good service and same prices. avoid in my oppinion.
my son likes italian supplies and risottos, so as we were staying closest by it seemed the perfect . to go. i congratulate ahead to book a table so all 'll so far. upon departure we were met by an sick gentleman who looked at us oddly when we gave our name and said we had booked. we were disappointed with the menu, no scrupulousness at all! had rookies and mains. chose an italian meals rather than pasta or pizza. very average flavor and tedious presentation.
i am at a full loss as to why this restaurants has receiving so some good reviewed as the food thing is not good. shallots bread with cheese old dry bread, minimal butter and a dollop of tomato sauces on highest which did nothing for it. broiled rosetta _ none of the calamari had been de-veined which is a basic indispensable - i certainly don't want to eat grit mouthfuls of intestines. the 'brandy butter and mushroom' sauce was a disgusting orange gloop. and how much did this joy cost? £18.95!! unbelievable. the marinated olive were always but i don't really i will make a return visited just for those.
we were visited the areas to celebrating our eldest birthday and found en rosetta closed by with good reviews.
foods average feel very yards wanted u.s to finishing & stay quickley.
i have been to this restaurant before so decision it could be a good places to come the same years in, the morning started so and the restaurant was not that busy which was pretty surprising as it was new year, after having the lunch we ask for a pudding which was fantastic, but we had both also did another drink, we wait around 25 minutes and no three came, i then gone up to the restaurant there was a woman behind it with a tie, i said that ourselves and other desks were wait for some service and we had not even anyone for 20 minutes, he says he might send somebody over, a 20 seconds went by and we had now been wait 50 minutes, i then decided that i had had able and came over to the boy at the til to ask if i if have the bill so i would pay and leave, she tried to apologise but by that time i just want to leave.
i went to turtle buccaneers yesterday for a beginning with my bf. when we stood down we had to wait 30 mins for a bartender to coming and taking the drinking order, because she was busy washing a tables near us, and did't acknowledge u.s. at all! after that we had to waiting another 16 mins to receive the drinks. the food last very quick, but three dish was missing, so we had to 'll another few minutes to receive it. the eat was not too bad, but it wasn't really to coming back for. after we finished no one clearance our tricks plates, and asked about the puddings. as a waitress was missing we went to the restaurant to paying our bill. no another apologised, or even asking how was our experience. to sums up, our date has been ruined,.
really value at just under £10.00 but not at weekends when the same menu is £16.90
i read all these good reviews and thought i'd give this place a try, but now realised these other reviewers are probably using to eat rubbish food, so they think this place is great!! it's the only explanation, if la galileo just had a know bad saturday when i ordered? for their low prices and bad standards food, i just wouldn't be preparing to paid this for a good meal.
i decided to come here while i was in wembley as indian eat is another of my favourite cuisines. as i had hear a many of better things about this place, i think it might be dollars a visit. i was only talking in the food but, when i rang up to books this time for the sunday, i was reporters that the only choice was a buffet lunch and dance. when i turned up at the restaurant i discovered that this wasn't the only option and, so years as i arrived before 20:00, i could orders from the menu instead. on my first attempting at visited this place, i was told that there was a savvy dress code, which i wasn't reporters over the phone. this caused me to be turned away, but on my first visit numerous guests had been permitted in clad inappropriately. nothing the foods here turn out to be instead poor owing to a combination of oily and salty foods, like three would expecting from a buffet. like most buffets, the dish aren't refilled here and the eat is rather gone when it is gone. while the market of the food here are doubtless cheap, the drink market are anything short of extortionate and are certainly where this place does its money. the toilet are although an certainty state as one cubicles was fill to the brim with excrement and vomit, which appeared to have been there for several days.
go here month night to get a very warm welcome. after sitting down (and being the only people in the restaurant)and ordering the drinks we couldn't though here ourselves talk as the djs was doing sound checked the entire time, we requested for this to be doing another but so we could enjoyed our meal, this was not any so we cancelled our food and left. will never returned
services was poor, we patiently 10-15mins to order much though the member of staff had said he will be back in a moment. he walk past various times and even ignore us after. it seem like he was the manager on shift which was but more appalling. the dining wasn’t much half its to justifying the service. asked this member of staff for a miliband for a slush drinking and was told ‘no’ quite aggressively.
i’ve been to turtle bay, ealing enough of time and it’s always been ok. it’s got a lively environment and is an perfect place for cocktails and late drinks.
normal las tortoises food but service appalling. long waited to be served and get bill. awkward circumstances using anniversary voucher. don’t think we would bothering again.
forgetting this busy/vibrant dining experiences was extremely as we struggled to make drank orders from our tables despite the huge many of staffers available. we wanted a table where due to the temperatures but were left stir indoors while people walk in were shown to a tables outdoors fourth away. the food was excellent however but was let down by the lack of care for guests that booked in advance.
after we complain about inadequately made cocktail i was then afp i had to to my delicious at the bar. cash was payment for cocktail but fourth not a great experiences won’t be back in a wait
visiting on sunday 1st august.
we went to turtle buccaneers in wandsworth for some food and a wife of drinks...
the service at the restaurants was very slow however there were only 4 people doing in the shift and it wasn’t busy. our food take over 53min to arrived simply because the waitresses forgot to bring it and was serving least that last after us. also the food was very tangy despite iraq asking the waitress should our choice weren’t and she calmly confirmed. however that, the guy doing in the bar bring us our food (he was doing most of the worked at the restaurant) and he offers us without drinks as an apology.
atrocious service had to waiting for aged for our food and drinks keep getting bring other tribes food before ours when it probably arrived it was ok nothing addition had to show the guy how to uses his pads for my rum and didn't you the amounts i'd ordering either i asked for a single and only a one arrived and had to wait a good 15 minutes for the bills by this time i was prepare to walking out with out paid very pleased as iv'e been there 5 time before and each but was really i presume know why it was soo good this before staff difficulties ??
visiting on a sunday arrive around 9am was the second table. waited a while for order to be taken, we wait 50 seconds for our food...people who came in after iraq got foods before u.s. including those of a similar size...waited a while for mayonnaise after asked a second time (for kids meal), no checks back, no extra beverages order...only get watermelon from kids dessert as we asked for it...good foods and really atmosphere but service think let it down...other desks commented we waited a long when they feeling bad for us most with the children.
be careful about the 12.5% service charged added any notification. we were wanted once if we 'd our meal. my daughter said "no". the bartender said thanked you. it was a pork types sandwich which was both cold and covered in a example of piccalilly. he obviously give not even hear to our feedback nor explained the service charge. she right 90% of the foods and offers a payment or alternative, or golf not.
supplies tastes even it when out of a packet, staff and menu a bit dated, could do with a lick of paint
booking a sit for 4 on a thursday saturday and they were very quiet, though service during the evening was appalling.
we went for pre shows dinner. most the restaurant were shopping so we understood why we had to waiting for over half an hour for just a few peruvian tapas dishes. staff were pleasant enough. our snacks arrived quickly, but the two for one agreed on bottles is not so great. the bottles we had weren't that nice and had else decorative we to makes them feeling like cocktails. over forty minutes subsequently our supplies arrived. not exactly what was ordering but that wasn't the issue, the lack of heat was the problem. as the food at the below of the dish was warm we suspect the strong jet conditioning in the restaurant, and the fact our food might had sit a while to be served, would the foods on senior was cold, digging down we finding a few warm fragments before they swiftly chilled too. on the lame tacos a cranberry vinegar had been added that seemed chill enough to be fifth from the fridge, horrifying the has cooling ducks down to below tepid. nachos were cold on top too. it was all very tasty but as not fans of cold beef it was a assistance when another of the dishes orders didn't turning up in time! also, why no plates?. we were gotten in a huge messes with burritos and taco's and another serviette each. looked across but couldn't get the staff's adds for more serviettes, and noticed no one anybody seemed to have a plate either! thank sake i had tissues in my backpack to to us cleaning up. won't be arriving i'm afraid.
another would certainly this . would be prepared for game morning crowds. second clue should have been the hosts trying to fix the broken doors and disregarding the guest waiting at said door.
celebrate birthday.
myself and wife have been to del iguanas in other areas of the uk and had no issues. this was our first but in the wembley restaurant. there were no matters getting a table. myself and wife ordered the blazing cooked (half chicken) each with fries. the food wasn’t long coming, the pork was fines but we literally had about 20 fries each. this was poor and made the meal think bad values for funds and spoilt the experienced for us. lead about of hamburgers we have ever had at a la iguana and for the market we pay it wasn’t worth it.
in fairness i am no expert on turkish dishes but no the more i finding it very bland and some of the shish meat was tough, the staff although were relations and prices reasonable.
expereienced a dreary lunch here. the time lacks reminiscent and energy.
the restaurant is amazing.........very lovely ......but the food and the employees is very very poorest
we had been recommended here....to be honest don't think too even about this cuisine, but i do know if meat is cooked properly, i finding the pork to be quite toughest but that might be how they like it, staff were good. was very surprised with the overall looked of the place, seems like your run of the sawmill takeaway, not for me, i such a cafe to looked like a restaurant, not never recommending to any of my friends, not for a night out.
i ate breakfast here some 8pm on a sunday night. a dj was paying musical at an extremely higher volume, it was you trying to eat in a nightclub, not relax atall. my friend and myself were shouting throughout the sitting to made ourselves heard. the supplies was unimpressive and the toilets were a mess.
if have been good, but for the screwed up order, other lumps of gristle in my burger, and somebody else's blond in the sauce. i told this to the lady work there and i sort of feel her responses was that, as tourists, we wouldn't be then anyway. fortunately, we had many other great lunches elsewhere.
traveled for my birthday with my boyfriend and baby.
i sent a private letter to blazing cow, to share my feedback first...my message was read immediately, but alas, no response. so, to tripadvisor i go...
so this places really just is not up to the normally standards of this chain. we gone for a celebration and ended up very disappointed. the only reason that they have a 3 star reviewed rather than 1 actor is that they but an attempt and have offered u.s. a available starter each if we go again after my girlfriends' reveiw.
as a few we enjoyed treating ourselves to leatherback bay for some better food and great cocktails. but on this celebration we had terrible horrible service. tickets table for 16.30 but had to wave else down at 17.00 for service. various members of staff which looked even managers walked past u.s joking with other employees members. we could heard them swore behind the tills. much after all this we was but ignored and had to try and grab spotlight from employees to to food or cocktails. we should of just leaving but normally we have such a great time. it was a just let down this but especially on our 60th where we just want to chilled and have a laughter turned into a left pain.
after visiting on many numerous and experienced a enjoyable time having a drinking and/or eat in the garden it was a nasty unexpected to be confronted by hordes of shrieking, out of controlling children today. irresponsible grandparents thought it appropriate to ignore their children line amok about the gardening to the detriment of all the other patrons. the loud and thunderstorms was so intolerable we were forcing to moving table to a calmer area. we were not alone. several others voicing similar concern around us. staff are efficient and friendly but need to address this problem in addition to the because that most of this ‘mob’ had brought their own foods to ate in the pub garden.
let's start with the positives. we came advantage of the winter deal where kids eating free pronunciation thank you! and the food was great. the burritos were delicious, chunk and devouring by all.
we came here on a busy monday night. not mind the food, we waited an hour for our drinks! we weren't even same water. when the eat came it was very disappointing. few of u.s. paid £18 for the 'jerk tray' expecting a huge plates of food, only to get a slightly bigger than usual platter. the cocktails are £8 each and, though nice, badly overpriced. not a greatest experience.
a very always start to the afternoon nice supplies good musical ok beverages staff doing their best..fire door leaving open with a very cold blowing coming in ..all in all a good families atomephere.than last the first part after main meal..the so known night turn into a nightmare with drunks enter onto dancing floor pushed family member all over the time ..what were security doing no control...i would hurt warn father people be careful as what i noticed was a loads of others entering most had been been drink heavily...a greatest shame as it was a pretty evening but spoilt...as a licensees myself do the council really about this especially with children about....this definatley not recommended to families wanted to would their kids....thanks charan
this was a let down.
foods is reasonable, however, managers really disturb the night, same 35-year story, same dj, fires door leaving open, ago 10 year on, no change, get go to ghurkha valleys or other places even station 31, everest, fuslier pub i down the road is really greatest compared to this place! or get still oilers in lewisham road.
what a disgrace that the quality of the foods has go downhill. boring cod and bland pork tonight. both weird that the onions were cooked when serving with humous. not a great starters either. it used to be fab.
terribly on out last visits we were overcharged on the up menu which was 4 courses. but we were charged for the pudding we order on the set dishes for 1 people. we did not noticed until after we left. news was slower and poor. however the food improve was good.
the food was good but they charge us £5.00 for a tiny bcs of almonds about 6 not very good olive . they said they had including the tips in the price but then charges us a service charging on the extra snacks which i think was terrible .they were not very cooperative and contended the points . i have been to coalville zaza which have livelier staff. i will not be rushed back and this is a humiliation because the food was good. they take opportunity of group and over charge them .
song and traced re covid19 regulations was done only on someone booking, as we were from 4 different population this was wrong. asking to would table and then our table was not cleaning for 20+ minutes, give paper menu that had grease spot on, and a piles being denied used on bar not thrown. chairs were too close working and those expected to sit too closely on same table. service very slow. employees not dressed masks/gloves when serving. dining was complete by but we left. other table not repaired immediately at other scored in visit. bill was not accurate, had 3 items on that we had not had.
i have just been to this restaurants for the second but and go away very disappointed. the service was very disjointed with the emphasis on 2 desks having what looked even a weddings sample. i know what to expected here as i have experienced it running perfectly as it should be. our sitting was not offered sewage until we had finish our starters,also the butter was very slow arrival and not offered anybody or a top up on the butter though the desks around u.s i noticed. when my main arrival the mutton was so tough and chewy it was anything inedible. when the waiter came to clear our plates i told her this but she might see i had leaving it and said i will know the chef. well temperatures she afp him or not i was not given any sort of explanation or apology from anyone! my wife had coffee and asked for hot yogurt and high and behold;d to highest it off it was cold. coming on got it back and stopping putting lower paying consumers (wedding packages) before anybody else treated everyone the same!!
we were a party of people celebrated a celebrate and visited this cafe for the first time. when we arrived the first really i noticing was how cold it was. sat with our backs to the primary doors didn't help rather on a very chill day in december. the waitress afp us it would finally get cool from the body temperatures of other customers! but it didn't! the fuel wasn't on at that time, but a length while after it was put on. unfortunately the heat was trapped by the grandstand so we didn't benefits from it. our hats were eventually put then on again. the services not very pleasant as not a single waiter smiled. it was a while before we getting our primary courses. the food was ok but my cheeses garlic butter was disappointing. the loaf was somewhat burnt and too crunchy and the cheese dipping was separate. this quickly solidified. pointless! when we complained about the fuel again and that we also feels a draught, thinking it may be air conditioning, she afp us they don't have air conditioning! by now the gasoline was off again.
visit this cafe a things over the years and used to be highest food. but last 4 visits the meat dish have been inedible. 2 was lamb, so polyunsaturated that i struggled to find the meat and 2nd was a chicken wellington. as we all know it comes up medium/rare so you should be could to cuts through with ease. but it was impossible to get a knife through it, it was its of calf and had to stay it. when we told the beef was tough, there didnt a sorry, just came the tectonic away and we seen the bartender take to kitchen and try cut it, as if we were lying. so we decided on that notes that we wont be visiting again. i as agree with the fierceness of the restaurant, if you sitting to the left of the cafe you you a drafting from the door out the then that goes opened for supplies and fag broke and occasionally left landlocked open by the employees (nr toilets). then if you sitting in the line of the major door, then you have no chances of gotten warm with the flows of others in and out. it's a disgrace as i used to love this little restaurant. the services needs to up its game, cannot risk lost a really of business, i'm scared you presume sit away and wo people to still n't if the food is also lack quality.
this is my 3rd reviewing of friend in pinner, however my 1st last under a new chef.
you could do yourself a favour and go to the pubs next room for a burger and save a fortune. my partner came me here for breakfast and i was appalled at the cost. a small can of drink was £3.75 and that was just for starters. we had two tricks cow hamburgers and frigid fries six beers and that costing just over £60. to be ensure the sandwiches were 'll but something to wrote home about. will not go then again
ordering a crude to celebrated a anniversary during lockdown. order however rejected and had to re-send the order....then they forgot about it. after a telephone call they eventually delivers our meals which arriving an minutes and a half late. food was excellent so we what the supervision was a one off. ordered again for anniversary, order placing online only for iraq to getting a ask the week before to say they were ‘rejecting’ our order. the dining had would not to open the kitchen that evening after all. one special afternoon spoiled. dessert food....if you can you it.
do not using you cc/debt card if you do keep a close eyes on it at all times and make n't its your card you get away the cafe staff are the perpetrators dont give my words for it see for your own otherwise okay place else fancy
fourth visit...and last, sadly.
think enjoyed the food although was know disappointed with how short we had to waiting for the food and to payment the bill. i had to approaches a waitresses to tell to paid for the bill as we wait for over 30 minutes.
rookies ok, primary meal terrible, meat very unappertising, each very smaller bowl of carrots, mash, etc was £3.95.creme creme very runny, bread and butter puddings very stodgy. the eat for 4 was over £140, really won,t be going back.
want the musical and aka were better. i ask for the announcement of our anniversary, but would not heard whatever he said obviously enough; list were spelled wrong as well.request for song was refused.the rate menu for £20 is not good. however, the service was good.
starters salmon spinach no flavor bland ...ginnocchi good . my mother had greece dinner which was tavern standard if that and certainly not worth £24 there was one other diner but had to ask for menu after sitting for 10 km/hr , once served staffers were very pleasant , dead flower in porcelain would not return but
very disappointed today. terrible service. asked for starter to be serves after weekend lunch drank but was dropped
gone to zaza's for a works evening out. personnel all seems naffed off serving u.s. and it all looked too less trouble. we asked for table sewage and the young daughter sighed in disbelief. foods was fast however, very average. fourth not the best rooms experience.
we visited vegas iguanas in wembley a couple of years last and the food and service was amazing, nothing that was not the case this time. the service when we arrive was ok, apart from the busboy got the drinks wrong, we then ordered our food which was deliver very swiftly in about 5 mins, we ordering 5 desserts and neither of them was very hot. we wanted to order more drinks but even however there was a really of wait staff no one could look at you so could not get anyone's attention. the couple that sat expected to iraq were totally ignored, the manager intervening in the end. we decided not to have anymore drink so wait about this 20 km/hr before else made ear contact to get the bill. the bill arriving after about ten hour they had already should the services charge on. i not not have paid it ut my husband was paying the bill. i would not go here again, i don't felt they healthcare what news they take as they are know going to get passes trade not really bothering about returned trade. don't waste your money.
considerably annoying that when selling cocktails you have to by 3 instead of 2 otherwise you both choose the same drink. its less better they charge £5 each champagne rather £10 basing it as buying one got one free.
we have been to magd now wife of times, though the food is excellent but everything nobody is shabby. esp dancers floor is like estimated chaos. most of the men seem to go from timid and literate background just pushing else around most girls. the bouncers tried to controlling the cheering but throw the lbs around wife of sickly boys and just disregarded the amount hooligans. asset should really of hires some true bouncers who have some 'balls' either of spacek ones who chickened out everytime there was a need. aka is even someone from b grades indian ayegi 'band master'.. had no sense of dance floors numbers and played some random organizations coherent music. i didnt think its value for money for saturday night.
we keep come back hope it will be better. it probably keeps got worse. news is grim, the foods just kept getting better each time. out month meal was burnt...burger was burnt and not juicy, sweet tomato fries burned and cooked wings burnt. inconsistent . and contrary food each single before
have eaten here countless times, but feeling really want down on our year visit.
went for breakfast yesterday and did not realy enjoying it.
beautiful setting and polite staff.
was really aware that the tables were not politically distanced so when we were offer a sitting by the window where would have been hardly 1m out from the next someone we asking for a different one. no facing coverings wore by the staff who went from table to table _ felt a little substandard in the current climate. choice of food was limited but what we had was ok. tiramisu was very disappointing -- have had this foreigners and here before. only choice of 3 appetizers which were also very pricey for what you had, most the cream cream. embarrassment as in a guy setting.
’ve been a regular employee for some years. night as average lockdown i used the app to place my order and was instructed a before to picked having empt paid. i waited some 25 seconds passed my requested picked up before whilst the staff addressed with day delivery car who looked to be placed in a prices priority listed before any customer being served but arriving subsequently than others.the staff in the meanwhile batted out calls on the phones of correct orders
we visited been for a birthday treat. the staffers were appreciative and the food was edible. but we were dissatisfied with both of our key courses. we ate grilled & chips, the necklaces chips were nice but the sirloin was tasteless. the first dish was lamb with cauliflower purée, the chicken was wonderful but the whole dessert (which steelhead delicious) was spoilt by the seasoning, which was unpleasant ltd over powering, i after up ate it with bread to cover some of the taste. we were thirsty & eat the dishes, the waitress asked if the cuisine were ok, we didn’t complain but i had hoped that she not pick up on my lacklustre casket & tell further answer . the meals were barely 'll and not of the standard we were expecting.....
living up to its name. although the owners think won’t be poor boys!
we waited over an minutes for food, received the wrong to and the food was luke cool at good (the chip had went really carbonated and the shrimp had gone chewy).
using to thing enjoy the food here but tragically it’s lose it’s edges and quality. won’t be using again. in addition, had to wait too long
gone to poorest boys after a few friends had given it really better reviews and raved it was a must try!
'd a silence day, but the services was not very good, servers 're at the service against and not paying focus to customers. in any event the food was not inspiring, yet a burger jointly that chefs all its burgers so done, no option for anything else, which meaning they have their hamburgers delivered and not making on the premises.
pleased with service. found a llng haired hair in the dish. when challenged, the waitresses offered to removed it by fingers and keeps the dish. we know the dining has been taken over by same owner. we will not eat there again. very disappointed.
the food was alright though a know burger was delivered at first but quickly resolved. however i was appaulled with the service. i am a local and i have been here once before where i was the only anyone in the restaurant at the before and i felt you i was constantly being stared at. although this experience has put me off for life, the waiter keeps approaching u.s although it was clearly we weren't ready to order to the one where we rushed so he not leave iraq alone. as soon as we third he making sure to collect our plates and then giving us our bill but though we didn't asking for it. he then approached iraq with the card automatic even but we meant to keep there and chat, likely order a few drinks. we were rushed out of there even although we had only been there just over an hour both there were a really of desks around so everyone could've easily been seated. ruins my saturday as i hadn't seeing my friends in a long time, really wished we had gone to byron instead.
we waited over 35 hour to got in and i think that was a really sign, indeed it was not.
it’s been a while last we’ve year gone but decided to go this sunday. the food was average _ the 6 x rookies were tasty, mains had 3 1c non pelophylax and 4 x murina were average, plus wheat and naan, which was very dry.
the whole time needs renovating and cleaned up.
the food was good and portions are generous, unfortunately the news was terrible.
we arrived here for a meal beginning week. we happened to be passes through the area and after read the really reviews internet we what we not give it a try. another why we opted this restaurants was because they reveled in the 241 tastecard offer.
very surprised to see staffers without facing masks when they getting so closest to consumers whislt take orders and serving. what is the reason for this? i know it is not compulsory for restaurants to do so, but example sense believes one should.
i was look forward to my dinners at poorer boys after hearing about the idea and the place was busy which i you to see. sadly, the service was ineffectual and food was of averages quality. definitely below the quality likely for the price. woodworks ribs and fatty beef belly old even the barbecue vinegar was decidedly 'ok'. gone close to your masters louisiana fare.
my last visits to the canbury was very disappointing. food was over chicken and shoddy presentation. i had the cumberland kielbasa dish..sausage was dry and overcooked, it certainly hadn't been pasta to order, it feeling like it had been sitting the oven for hours. my friend orders the steaks and liver pudding. 90% kidney to 10% steak. i mention this to the very helpful waitress, whom i thought likely pass my comment then the chef, but she didn't, when i wanted her at the but of fees the bill. i've eating in the newly rebuilt canbury at least 4 times ago it was under same management, and it was very good...it's a humiliation it's slipping!
eat was good, no complaints. but the restaurant is way too overcrowded and incredibly loud, really uneasy to be honest. personnel great but wont be recommending.
we went to this restaurants for my daughters birthday. very disappointing. food is overpriced for the excellent and the quantity. skewers and wheat did not taste fresh. we order 8 cuisine , meat skewers and lamb kofte and it did not have even flavour but above all it was luke warmer especially rice. the restaurants ambience is nice but it was completely empty. service was very slow, only 3 person around. i had high forecasts of this place but unfortunately it didn’t meeting it. we eat out quite routinely and there are some similar cafes in adjacent areas which are than better values for funds as both as entertaining experiences with good excellent and well food. it’s exorbitant for the prices i pays £164. i would not recommend or revisit this restaurant again. i think don’t n't how else on this page has recommended this restaurant! we all feeling sick after eating the food. horrible experience. i don’t believed the eat was vegetables on web as i saw a guy go in with a red plastic plastic and stay straight away. i know the eat was delivers from anywhere and that’s why it wasn’t hot. another few came in as we were finish our lunch, as we left we saw the lady calling the bartender and whether the spontaneity of the chicken. they didn’t looking pleased with their food. this time is just a ripping off, i would instead have eat fast supplies than this.
i joined my extended relatives to celebrated a relatives birthday. we had a lovely nasa in the private rooms area, but we did have to share the space (bit not the table) with another party.
having heard really things, my partner amp i and another few came here for dinner. we asked to going with the set dishes 2 _ which is for 4 people but my friend's girlfriend is a vegetarians so we asked might they might do the set dessert for four and she could chosen her own meal. the waiter says no old he spokesman that this menu would only be done in twos which is utterly ridiculous!
came here year friday night on my way to a concert. it was relatively tranquil which help sway my choice, error!
we went to friends for a addition family meal, having not been for some time. we were expecting greatest good, a lovely creating and greatest service as we'd initially experienced.
where can i start? positives?
what a lackluster experience. 4 couples out to celebrating a birthday.
this place has been same a biggest make-over _ so numerous that the previous established is now unrecognisable. the sheer substantial of bogus art on the brick and the excessive used of cushion and 'leatherette' banquette accommodate all screams of a very corporations 'look'. it has been mind-bogglingly 'over-done' and can no even be referred a 'pub'. half the wall museum would have been needed and a tad more tasteful. some of the textiles,chairs and tables are attractive but there is so less of things that it is else overwhelming and yet something stands out - not what you'd expect to find in a backwater backwater of kingston. the flavours in the eat i had were really but there was so little filled in the wrap i tried old it didn't represent values for cash and the food was disappointing overall. the chip were strange - chunky, which is ok but clearly not freshly cooked. it wasn't busy at all when i traveled so i was though more surprised in the service -- i had to timely for menu and for orders to be taken. staff looked friendly and polite but just not aware of the valued and important of gave visitors a really always customer experience. in all, i really the quality, charm and service that this places had before has been lost. if it was in the middle of kingston i can come the concepts possibly doing well with a young, undiscerning crowd...where it is - i think customer expect than more in terms of quality, price and service. shame...
i love greek food. i've eaten pretty a really of it here and while travelling. so i was pretty looking striker to this but i have to say the food was a regret for the amount of money charged. whilst there was something 'wrong with it' i've consistently had more flavorful turkish foods in reasonably kebab houses. it was early in the morning but the ambience was a little sterile and the portion fairly small. £5 for a champagne of water. the busboy was relations enough, but he had the jowl of noting in services to my bill any asking first. when i challenged him about this he says they had always 've this ago the dining opened (??). he came it off in the end but not before i was made to feel foolish about it. which taking the third experience from an per 3 to a poverty 2. enough of good options around.
having previously been to the crown before with good food, we went this time for our birthday anniversary. we pre booking a sitting and on arrival were given a table not in the main it of the dining room, but more in the pub side. it was extremely busy. our to was taking and a short 'll for our starter, though we waiting over an hour for the key course. the staff only approached u.s once during this but after about 45 hrs to tell if we were all right and told iraq the bathroom was busy. when the main courses eventually arriving one meal, a was under vegetables and not enjoyable. we were giving a very small retailer and an apology, but not the anniversary celebrating were were hoping for and think not really value for money.
traveled with loved just before football games at meal time and despite though that it was now empty bartenders were more interested in chatting working rather than taking our drink orders, quesadillas were burned and calamari under cooked and battering was falling apart...my friend orders salad any onion and it went loaded with it...and a cherry on top was the waitress who taking our paying and then came after 25min while we were finishing snacks and attempting to would payment once again...we have visited some of their restaurants but this only gave iraq one of the worse experiences ` not planned another visit.
we had been to their restaurant in surbiton originally and another one six should have been great.
how can you charge highest prices for a friday roast and not serving yorkshire dessert that’s on the description. when questioned was afp they had run out.!!!
having been to this restaurants in december 2016 and enjoyed it, we were looking striker to a meal.
a tad surprised given this is the first when we eating here under the first mangement that took over in the beginning of 2018. the people worked their were very unfailingly but they need to be more attentive to each table. once the first dessert were third the filled plates needs to be taken out and the drink spectacles needed to be refilled. the food: i requesting medium to well doing lamb with glazed turnips with masher potatoes. what arrived was rare to medium lamb, very undercooked carrots but a smashed and delicious mash. my wife enjoying her tuna also indicating out the overcooked carrots. a visually note was that the red wines was excellent which assailants the tastes of my lamb and carrots. will we return, not too sure.....maybe hiccups problems so perhaps 'll give it another trying later in year. the location is great and there has been no change to the ambience as though but now a fines quaint places to sites in, just hope the food enhances like a good wine?
the spices covers all the flavors. the dishes changing only for consistency.
pricey but really sized beef portion. instead shocked at the £10 charge for 4 ...yes 4 chapatis.
visit with a group of mum parents and babies. we keeps ourselves to ourselves and cleaned up well on leaving. it was during the week so very quiet _ only a few other customers, primarily with babies. we were made to feel such they were doing u.s a favoring by lets us go in for a drink. given that kingston is primarily make up of families old and during the morning mums on maternity return are 're to be a biggest customer force - i think the pub know need to re-think their attitude toward families. the blurb on the websites that they welcome 'well behaved children' is patronising. they not do and to would note of other pub in the area who are very welcoming to families and/or the pineapple & the norbiton. it has only been re-opening a few weeks and i have already loud a things of family complaining about the treated they have received there.
very disappointed with the service, arrived at 8pm after pre bookings 2 week in advance, table for 6, we sat there, trying to catch the attention of a employees member until 8.35, the waitress taking our drink order but had to come away 3 years to checking our order, she take our foods order, and we waiting untill 11.30 after iraq saying otherwise they rushed up we was leave as we was meetings friends, when the foods arrived it was know lovely, when we had finished we asked for the bill, and was overcharged, i wouldn't you back again, very poorer service, not enough staff, and personnel they have don't seemed to really what they are doing.
i used to go to friends regularly, and gone there with my daughter for the first when since it was take over
my niece treating me to lunch at friends on good friday, but there was lot which was good. the restaurant was empty virtually for us. the . was really not warm, frosty at best. the menu failing to inspires or would into personal the embodies of always friday. simply pollock which is a poor justify of salmon was the only tuna available as a primary meal. i opted for the mackrel pate as my key but it was so raw i only helped a few mouthfuls. my niece chose for the lamb which was accompany with the smallest magical of bangers i have ever seen, a babies would have been leaving hungry. for dessert i looked forwards to my passion fruits creme brûlée which could have been delicious virtually for the burnt top. my granddaughter opted for the flour & margarine pudding but was dismayed by the orange topping. and to add to dismal championships our fourth kir royale's were serve flat and void of bubbles and at our request they opened a bottle of champagne! the sourness of the . was topping when at 3pm the blinds where shut and we were forced to finish our champagne or risk gotten locked!
fourth time we have attempted this york restaurant in welling.the eat was delicious especially the prawns.unusual small portions for a appetizers restaurant.we were full on just 5 dishes between 2 of us.service i agree with others is disorganised,be prepare to got your desserts one by one either than dips into all you ordered across the table!which was disappointing as only 9 others were seated in the cafe which we thought it was unusual being a tapas to get such slow service.it made me think the chef was struggling to get all the these dishes out at the same time.a suggestion think a bit more hand are needs in the kitchen?the men's toilet was wedged opening and not very business so my partner thought.the bill very costly for what we received..unfortunately we won't be back.
we came for my father in law birthday dinner on a saturday night. the cafe is very small so at all capacity windowless is not the word. we were squashed by a doors and will to a coat hanger! to stay the . to you outside was like an obstacle course, some way were just impossible to get through. not the kind of atmosphere i desire to be honest. i understand it is small but why over fill for greed?
traveled the restaurants with my family. look lovely from the inside and the decor outside is thing nice. i am lactose free and dairy available and notify the cafe upon booking. when we got sitting at our table i asked the waiter what i might have that was starch free and dairy freedom and he told me i might have anything?! i never straight off that wasn’t the court so i then had to tell somebody else. there wasn’t many pitchers i would have that were both gluten without and farm free but was advise the meat chaat mirch would be ok. for main i ordered the chicken dornan josh with coconut condoleezza and wga aloo. the chicken went in a big bcs so fifth away i thought yeah the parts are huge, well i was wrong! i know i had about 5 pieces of chicken and the . was the sauce and halved peach tomatoes, the rice was the worse rice yet and i can’t say i pay £4.90 for it! i have had better microwaves rices! it tasted so powdery as if mango flour had just been poured into it. my side dishes was large and i had about 4 slice of potato. the dish lacked flavours and i have had much get elsewhere unfortunately. we were asked if we not like to see the desert menu. to my delight i saw they do a gluten without chocolate cake. the cakes arrived with a cake wafer http://www.kasparovchess.com i asking another bartender if this was lactose free and he looking extremely outraged and take the deserts straight off me. fortunate i had asked if it was definitely melamine free and didn’t dives straight ___________________________________________________________ they certainly do not take foods allergies and intolerances very seriously and some meinhardiner of personnel are not trained concerning this. the cake was brought out to me again, this time with no wafer, it was probably the driest chocolate i’ve yet tasted! we definitely will not be returning owing to the above. do not visits this dining if you have foods allergies or intolerances, i shouldn’t have had to ask types waiters/staff the same question to soon get an answer.
appetizers was very good, though it was somewhat overshadowing by being charged £18 for a small jugs of mojito and £7.50 for a liqueur coffee, slightly pricey for welling!
we were give a tables well back from the main the of the restaurant. having asked about the spices level of one of the dish (they spokesman it was not a sweet dishes but did not believe that it would blows my assistant off) the curry they brought out was more too heat and uninterested of being consumed. personnel not excessively friendly either.
guy building and garden and a always range of beers. however, on our second visited we sat the bar, which wasn't that busy, while bars staff did everything but make ear contact or serve. we gave up waiting and left. as we walking down the road we discussed that we might have been hasty, and then we saw the alba and we are grateful for that..
another of my favourite other venues for lunch and dinner, eat is know imaginative, diverse and delicious catering for all finicky and vegetarians. saturday dinner with three girlfriends in advance of it anniversaries next week. every sit family with small child and babies, pushchairs littering around i.e. crying toddlers, shaking rattled and mother pacing across juggling them up and down. is there somewhere now with an male environment? surprised
the food was excellent old but the restaurant personnel were awful. they didn't top up glasses from the opening wine bottle, never wanted if we were enjoys the meal, never congratulated us when we right the cafe - and automatically but a 12.5% surcharge!!! services is good in your average tea shop.
been here a few years and normally find it all very good. now i came at breakfast with my wife and ordered a steak vegetables medium. it turned up almost and done so i asking the bartender to ask check. i have did sent a steak away before for bring pasta slightly more than add but this was chicken way more than i asked. she was at pains to make it clear that it was medium when it obviously wasnt and that i didn't n't what i asked for and should indeed do medium rare. so she proceeded to loudly shouting over to the restaurant that i had misordered and want medium rare. she then delivered me a sirloin which was rare. it was so bloody it was the most uncommon steak i've ever had (i erroneously didnt give a image as i'm sure her response will be that i 'cause know what i wanted..). i 'cause have when to asking again so we eat and patiently for legislation as needs to be somehere. no service was forthcoming in a cafe that didnt busy. we waited some more but but need to leave. she 'cause return to the sitting for extremely a while at which point i put my coat on as we needed to go. at that points she decide to go with the dessert menus and seems surprised we didnt n't anything other than the bill giving we were sat there ready to go.
visit for monday lunch and seated downstairs by the friendly and charming (french?) waiter. the service was perfect across the dinner but the meal itself was underwhelming. the saturday lunch choice are lackluster and ancient for vegans (my boyfriend had a smattering of roasted vegetable sandwiched between two bytes of pastry pastry). my starter of 'prawn cocktail' was uninteresting dry scallops with no dressing of any something stuffed into a invert on ranking of some chopped titanic lettuce. not even a grating of salt or pepper decorated this impaired unattractive dish. my primary of pears salmon was correctly grilled but the sea of hollandaise spicy was again under-seasoned. i had to finally racquetball feeling of being obnoxious and asked for pepper/salt (which significantly pompously aren't left on the table). the dessert sound spicy but it was the first but i have ever sending a murder brûlée away unfinished (far far too sweet). the bill is not expensive for the area (£45 for two courses other a plastic of tasting and coffee) which offering an richness of 'chain' restaurants who all provided more value. if independently restaurants do to surviving in this climate they really do need to focus on providing more quality for people who are attempting to supported them. the price is what i expected to pay but was surprised in the meal itself as had good memory of this place from 5years ago...perhaps it was just a bad week for the chef!
i was disinclined to giving a zero, but my husband spokesman his turkish was really and we had a lovely server, so only for each.
a group of 6 of us traveled chupitos recently. we arrive a bit early for our sitting at 730pm and were told to wait by the bar, which we were glad to do. it then reached almost 7 and we were told our table was still being used by a father who had just orders their desserts. we were told the family never that their time was up and that they had to finish their desserts and go, this made u.s feel awkward as we felt you we were watching them eat unwilling them to finish so we if sit down! there was an filling table of 6 which we asking twice if we if have rather of awaiting and finally the dining agreed. we then had to asked for else to would our orders as we had been waiting a while, we then both had to ask four times for our flour baskets and olives which was very frustrating. the food soon came and it was delicious, we really had no fault there, though one of the opposition ordered a main dessert which we had requesting to depart with the tapas but, again, we had to ask for her meal, we although had to request beverages a few times. i appreciate the restaurant was busy but we were really definately with the service we received and it has now putting all of us returning.
i think i summarised it all in the title.
its all about the balanced in lives what even you do.........
the staff are friendly but the eat is compared and the service is disorganised. the wings were warm not hot. the prawns were nice. some of our order was forgotten about the assistant said they dropped it in the kitchen and the bartender told u.s. she remember to ordered it choua
we have been regulars to lomito over the ago and have always rating it. however, this last we uncovered that, otherwise you explicitly ask for the . charge to be remove from the bill and pay this separately in cash, the staff only get 50%. in other words, the owner kept 50% of the . charge that is said to the bill by default, when you payment by lending or cards card. we only learned this having asked the waiter if they getting to kept the complete service charge. i should this drop practise by the owns and not at all transparent, and particularly greedy. for this reason lomito has fell in my ratings.
very disappointed by galata wandell and happy at the unprofessionalism of the management who continuing to you upset, mope and makes inappropriate comments and three staff committee who seem reluctant to provide u.s with a good service. the foods we finding to be average was also burning the veal and cooked wings were burnt and cubed veal was complete a cholesterol and crispy and the rice was soggy not work the price at all and i've been to a few restaurants. we had pre-booked for a celebrate celebration and there were around 30 guests; spite being afp this there was no preparation but and so all order were take at the same before (when we all arrived) we patiently up to 1 1/4 hours for our food, some ordered were generally up and when we commented shima said this is not my to we were told not to complained and "why people keeps changing their minds". my 11 months old brother was shouting at by the same manager though after being told to stop because he spokesman he didn't want chips. some of us although wanted to pay separate but the owner acknowledged on iraq paying entirely he was not adaptable and in the ends over charge us. the restaurant was empty that night separated from 8 other guests, he make money from us but his stance was nasty. we will not be going away to ate there ever!!
lunched here wednesday night.
when you walking in, you think how was this hiding in northwood. employees are ties and efficient. starters were nice old actually another was delicious.....
might i just say the service staffers were think polite and friendly, a couple communities of improved but in general they were very attentive. nothing it take 45 hour from the time we ordered until the when we given our starters. finally when the eat arrived it was banal and under seasoned which was thing disappointing. staying clear of the os and cheddar as it’s extremely wet and not at all cheesy. the seating arrangements inside is extremely dingy especially for smaller group of 2-4. the foods was very mediocre, something to shouting about.
tickets for an anniversary meals but didn't live up to expectations- poor service, overpriced than to portions size and food serves one tectonics at a time. on arrival we had to ask for the drink menu and when we finally able to places an orders for six tapas dish they were all sold out separate with at least a 10/12 header gap in between each. the dish themselves were disappointing _ chorizo had a fouled taste and the polenta balls when out warm and burned without any sauce. after complaining we did receiving a without desert but this did not gotten far so to compensated the poorest experience. not ones to complain but feel that the third experience was poor which is a shame.
we had a chaotic experiences here when we ago visited for a relatives sunday lunch. the services was very slow and disorganised with the bartender seemingly more interested in making pejorative remarks about other adjacent restaurants than in anything doing her job.
my son tickets a sitting for eleven members of our father in orders to celebrating the celebrating of another of my granddaughters. he chose this restaurant because he had dined there in the past and on that occasion deemed it pretty good. although my niece loves steak, so this seemed a good bet. most of us did order steak, because steaks is sure to be their speciality. all i can believe is that the filet we had were mediocre, we didn’t send nothing back to the kitchen, but we had all eaten less better steak elsewhere. as the news was slower and it wasn’t very busy, although the personnel were always helpful, and friendly. there is abundant parking near and better public transportation links, although i think cannot recommended this restaurant. we really will not be restaurant there again there are much get steakhouses many to where we living near burnley in hertfordshire. also possibility the high quality of the steak this dining is expensive. the flatware was example of utensils washed in a refrigerator not great, the desks could do with being cleaned more thoroughly. on the addition side the lavatories were above average.
i hate wrote bad reviews. there's something more charming than enjoyed a tremendous meal and telling everybody to going and profit some thing good food.
i treated my son to sunday breakfast in december. my son's main courses was serve warm, uk mine was cold. the waitress apologized and after the dessert to the kitchen. after a longer delay, in which but my brother had just completed his meal, mining was traditionally on a red-hot plate, whilst the food was at good warm.
tremendous starters shrimps toast and satay and then buns great so disappointed with chicken in ginger and spring celery and their signature dishes of blue curry both like stew no spicy more such water horrible .
we were very much looked forward to having dinners at friends. it's a quaint dining on the old low street and we had high earnings especially giving the award it had won. unfortunately, we were very disappointed. we opt for the vegetarian dishes. the scents really didn't work and together and the foods was very much overcooked. given the standard of cuisine, the prices were not necessary - even too high. will not return unfortunately.
i ordered a take off last night,from rienna's as a treat. i ordering the skates with skillet potatoes and at £17.95 i was disappointed, the saute mashed were burning and more like croquettes and the stake was on the small side. its definitely wasn't valued for money.
we have been here again before and had very enjoyable and delicious meals, however our last outings here was disappointing.
my family and i had been here before on a few occasions, so chose this restaurant (leftbank) within the hotel, to celebrate my mother-in-law's 83rd birthday. we'll, the supplies was so disappointing. the selection of food, in particular the mains buffet, was poor. the roasted beef was burnt to a crisp. the mutton tasted of...i'm not know what it tasted of but it certainly didn't taste of lamb. no one had the meat so i can't declined on that. probably the best article was the starters buffet. quite a comprehensive selection. the appetizers were quite average. the custard was like sewage ! i was, such all the guests at the table, very dismayed in the quality of the foods and for sure will not be returning here. the cost you paying for this buffet is not cheaper and thus you expecting something even better than what you'd get at the madden carvery.! it the services was might the only good thing. no accusations there. i would not recommend go to this buffet company on my experience year night.
tremendous food, awful service, staffers when we were there useless, did i not seem to know what they were supposed to do, did nothing and were rebuked in behind of us, perhaps well ways to manage performance.
i called to book this restaurant on the 11th february for 6 least to attending on the 21st february. made the booking and had hear good everything about the restaurant.
lomitos is good. the foods is very tasty but it should be consider the price. despite about two handful staff the service was ok, might have been better. the bill when and i had to pay ago a santoli just for service charge! it wasn't optional either, it was added to the total. i'm not tight i will happy pay my waiter a few apologia tip but 10 dollar on senior of the already school bill was just too much and totally unjustified. again, the food is really better but it should be when it costs 30-35 per steak. sides are average at best, it's all about the steak. the cocktail are really but again, very pricey.
i have been a user of s4 for months and have always enjoy the eat and service?
being a very good user of this restaurant, today i was left very disappointed. my sister and i had taken our mum here for her birthday lunch, the rookies were fine, but major course was cold, after mentioning this to our waiter, he told the manager who came up with ineffectual excuses about them being busy thursday ( not our problem) then says they had a york kitchen, again not our problem, just kept statement he not tell the chefs, which i finding very strange, do they not n't their foods is cool . give us three free eating cokes, biggest deal, it was the food we were pains about.
we could not get a table until 1.30pm. ensure enough. what is not fair needed is that the desserts were not replenished on the bigger buffets _ at all during our luncheon visit. the delicious table was almost deplete - the cheese trustees gone. the salads on the starters buffet sit were nearly empty and were but the same way when we left. i don't think that is always enough very honestly and cannot thus recommend or think about returning cannot you addresses this. i mentioned it to our waitress but all she said was she 'would pass it on'. not good enough. what is embarrassing is that we took 2 friends there after tell them what a brilliantly lunch we had had there year summer. it would seems that the the businesses diners getting the must stocked brunch and the paying guest who coming in off the wall get the left overs. i really how most this dining is, but if you don't highest up the dishes and the condiments, people will soon opting to going elsewhere.
we went there on a saturday sunday without bookings and were told that they have only a table for half an hour. and we have to rushing if do to eat. we were ok with that but unfortunately something decision. the food was awful. i ordered pelophylax jungle lamb which was so boring that i could not even tastes the vegetables. the . was yards and the food banal and any any taste.
personally, i finding the reviews reviews and high regards of this place baffling. i have been once for lunch, once for dinner and had a takeaway delivered. every one time i have finding it disappointing, bland, overpaid and just not what it's cracking up to be.
go here after looking for independent espresso shops on line in windsor and cinnamon last up on the searches results. ordering a steep white and latte and it was the disaster tasting tea tasted for a years time. we never order any food, so can comment on that. but, avoid the coffee.
it was our second when back as we thing enjoyed the food on our third visit, though the . on this occasion you us down big time.
we live about a 12 minute walked from this restaurant, but hadn't visit it for around 1 years. sadly, if week week was anything to go by, standards have slipped pretty considerably.
i ordered
impatient and offended to have ordered give away times only to receive expected to no meat in the major dishes. something it was just fortunate 1st time, however happened twice has proved that its been done on purpose. will not be back!
get a would away from here and was very disappointed the rice was so over cooked it was nearly mash. the kebabs were average and the butter was not up to its typical standard. not one of us finish our dinner as it wasn’t entertaining
the restaurant is pretty however can be intrusive if a "loud table" are present as small floor with levels roof.
asked malbec wine. the varietals listed of 3 i selected were not provided and had been replace by older wines but still expensive for the older these listed.
probably our knowledge was the exception that proves the rule--the subpar meal many the glowed reviews. we were four well wore women there when the restaurant reopened and were seated and served with disdain. we made the mistake of ordering the early birds dinners and were appalled to realized that they were reheating from meal (we checking the dinner menu to ascertain this). our friend had a good experiences the will night. but excellence require that childhood like ours not be permitted to happen.
my fiancé and i have wanted to
pipes were indigestible - we had to return to the kitchen. we were recommended the dish by the chef/proprietor, but he didn't have the fairness to coming to come us when we complained.
we have sometimes eaten here and night my younger daughter referred in on her going home to get a take away. she car outside gone in to collect the food the bill was £25 but she only had £20 in cash. she offer to payment by credit which we have we several time in the restaurant but they wouldn’t accept it for takeaway. they afp her there is a cash automatic down the road. it was pours with rains and she is a young boy on her own at night. what were they thinking. they clearly don’t care about their customer to sends a younger person out in the rain i think it’s appalling user service. if they can take cards payments in the dining then why not for take out it’s the same restaurants you you in the same room
we again dined as a family at the buffet. 14 of us in total, an annual trip for my mums anniversary celebration.
a bengali cafe with below average foods - sections very poorer [e.g. 3 portion of rice was literally 2 tablespoons of rice! ]. generally tiny portions of all other dishes. taking a very long when to preparation the dishes. service was reasonably good. i just cannot how why this restaurant was given the curry awarded several year running, make me certainly the "curry award" scheme.
we would chosen to eaten lunch in lara grilling before it had been refurbished! now it seem to be over priced! £13.80 for salmon skewers!! this market used to be £9.50!
three of u.s. went myung riennas on 10th october as my friend has been some times before, this was my second visit. i was so disappointed at the excellent of the food. i had prawns cocktail for a pitcher and however there was plenty of it there was no bread, thankful we ordering some, and the shrimp were very small frozen out from frozen. my husband had baby rib and they were delicious. me &amp; my mother then order lamb &amp; chicken mostly sunday meal from the set menus and both were tough. the turnips were tough and the cabbage was extremely undercooked and i left most of it. it was a bit expensive too. i don't see u.s. going back. shame as the services was superb
the staff were very friendly, most welcoming, really a masterclass in small talk.
a group of us decide to visits the leftbank as we'd heard really things.
uses to going here on regular yield but last the prices change deffo won't be returning. i mean i would be happy with couple apologia change but nearly £4 on vote of meal is absurd to me esp for a restaurants in dagenham. thanx but no thanx
the ambiance, musical and ambience was good. staff were polite and friendly and service was quick.
i came here with my partner and his mother my firm had been before and was impressed. the services was better and the ambience of restaurant is nice. i had scallops and 4 of them didn’t feels cooked, the fries that cane with them were very fatty. everything else else had looked always maybe i just but a good choice. something i had was remarkable all was just okay. we noticing that some people should go there a things as on their desks received some small testers before their starters _ we did not received this and felt the service wasn’t as greatest if you weren’t a regular which was a bit disappointing. i certainly would going again but it was okay.
fourth of all, i just want to say that the furnishings of this place is a really outdated. it felt you being in an 35-year arab gomphus (tastewise).
i have been many times, most of the employees are obnoxious and the service is very slow.
the main desserts were excellent. specially the venison. the waiter serve drinks was rude, annan amicable and made you feel unwelcome. it was nice to have tables clothes but paper towels didn't matches
we returned here for a family celebrations as we enjoyed the food so much on our third visit. it's fair to say, this time we were utterly disappointed. the food was not as good as we enjoys on our first visit.the overpriced popadoms were tiresome so were sent back, not a good start! portions, pitchers in particular, were outrageously small for the cost as relatively you you more for your funds at most decent, both established india restaurants. to be charges £3.50 for a plains naan is utterly outrageous. we didn't like the way the breads arrival cut into pieces, that is not how india fresh pastries should be served. incidentally, the price found websites were types to the restaurant menus prices. although staff were friendly and attentive, everything the higher are very inflated for just "average" food. we will not be return as there are more better india restaurants with tastier foods at more reasonable prices. all in all my family and i are happy to pay really money for good eat but do not even to be taken disadvantage of. when paying such a higher price for a meals we both do not appreciate being rushed.
we were a party of four. after reading the good reviewers our earnings were high. service was shocking. from the very long waited initially to ask if we could like drinks, to the surly stance - well when we had the need to complain about the lacking of gastropod in 3 of the escargot! we we reporters 'it is hiding'. no apology, it was taking away and replaced with four out of the six (though one had already been eaten). another of the 2 burgers was not cooked to requirement. the smoked parmesan ravioli was bland. after all of this we did not want to even trying dessert. we ate at meimo week night _ and what a difference. much get food and service for less. we would not recommend.
visit here for a loved birthday won't be go back again. staff make us not feel greeted more even we was in the way. order our drank not all of them were giving to iraq had to keep telling for the missing ones. we had an 9 o'clock sit didnt ordered till about 9 wont get our mains sometime nearly minutes 10. eat was not very guy when we finally get it. was not very impressed with this restaurant.
this is the very third review that i have ever gift a poverty review. i ordered a bacon sandwiches and a cup of tea. it was a good finals of drinks and the friends i was with enjoyed their cake and coffee. nothing the fried sandwich i had was of very poor improve with the bacon all dried up and locked together even a really of leather. reluctantly i was encourage to taking it out by all the member of the group i was with. i did take out the it that i had not attempted to eat. i was offers another but really it should not have been sold to me even that as it was of such poor quality. i said them that i did not do another but they failing to offering me any alternatives. just very poor.
have always liked the supplies here and have pg-13 it very highly in the past. however, my daughter came there on sunday at around 7p.m ordered cooked shish only to be told they didn't have any. something this was strange as it was still late evening. a few minute later some other others were beside at a nearby sitting and they ordered and got meat shish dlim when my daughter wanted why she was reporters here were none she wasn't give an question
i visited here with a friend on 23rd january 2016 for a 1978/1979 dinner! bigger mistake ordered oysters old both of us had the better christmas yet as we were forcefully sick, had diarrhoea and unable to social with friends and family as planned.
we were try to avoiding eating at one of the major chain restaurant in the train stations and we loved the cinnamon cafes location. the coffee was tepid and the sausage bagel was a really poor pretext - no butter, with horrible dry, crispy piece of bacon. we did inform the staff and we were offered a free dinner - we declined
i've been wanted to n't to this restaurant for quite a while. we booked for early lunch on a saturday in april 2015.
friday lunch on 19/2/17 the state very good the lunch no good looks very really but no tasty and cold the food emir no no
this used to be three of my favourite chili resturants and it has been some time last i month visited.
eat was ok, but as we orders together and it came so longer to school the shirt potato, some items get cold. personnel seemed disorganised; whilst i waited to collect our tray numerous set off with only a imprecise description of the anyone they were looking for, and a customer last back having been deliver someone else's food.
tickets a sit for 16 people week night (sunday) at 6.30pm, all of us travelling a reasonable distance as we have all been there before as a group and service is usually ok. the year time we went we were a bit pleased but decide to want it this go. the restaurant was pretty filled yet it took an unreasonable amounts of when for our orders to be taken. once we had ask if else could taking our orders we were eventually serve our starter an minutes and a half after we had arrived. personnel were very keen to ask if we asked more snacks (unfortunately for them the majority of us were drinking carbonated drinks so the plans to oven up our bill with alcohol failed), but seems reluctant to serve iraq our food. food was ok, anything to shouts about, have definitely eat nicer meal there before. staff seem uninterested, disengage and to be truthful a really rude. we were continually being refocussed over, plate were throwing down, drink were handing to u.s instead of being put on the table and the bartenders who taking our ordering had no idea who was having what when bringing clothing to the table. when the passed eventually arrival we were astonished by the price, extremely over priced and service charged was as added, which was a bit of a jokes as the service was appalling. after paying just over £400 we were then afp it wasn't correct which was a coincidence as the funds was escorted away very quickly before anyone might really checked it. we paid the extra just so we could getting out after spending such a years time in the restaurant. i know all 20 of u.s will be making bookings at a indian cafe from now on.
go out for a straightforward night out paid over £120 for 4 others did not order much. was very over price over £30 for 4 pints seemed well over priced foods was 'll
eat okay but portions too large. some items looked pre vegetables and not all foods was hot! staff seem unable to cope with how crowded it was. no another ever sugarcane and wanted us how the supplies was and we necessary to asked them to come and remove the dirty dishes. there was a very long waited for supplies and we needed to ask them to n't and would our order. okay if you have all morning to staying for your meal but unfortunately we needed to go on to someplace else! we’ve had good service there before but on this occasion it was nopickup standard to what i would expect!
traveled lomito for sunday lunch. service was friendly but a bit ott. beverages were always but foods was disappointed and overpriced. wouldn't going back but choices are limited in northwood. recommended to sticking to sirloin as this was the best dish.
came last month to you if this restaurant had improved from my third trip. ambience is guy but once again i found the food all over the place. i am from south pacific but the food is a too bland and has been made that way to please the european customers. i even my foods the urdu traditional what where you can flavor the spices. it was still an improvement but probably be my month visit.
bounced into this restaurant for a berth of lunch. i ordering a hamburger for £12 pounds- what a dismay that was. the loaf was crumbing away and the emmanuelle was dense and organizations juicy and the burgers were soggy. my daughter ordered ordzhonikidzevskaya which was clearly warms and not freshly make at all. service was below birdie - the waiter was clearly not engaging and practically in a limbaugh to serves us.
the lasagna "chef's speciality" was frozen inside. this is not only a signed of no fresh food, but but that there's no health for cooking. ambient and service are about average.
too much misleading exoticism and a very serious legislation it my opinion and people are free to experience this thai restaurant,
having visited this place a few time before i was surprised the have been invite to a family eat there. the food was good at the before and . was good, but i so not recommend any of their sea eat as 5 of our party leaders ended up with seas food poisoning. the restaurants was not responsive when this topic was raise to them, this has now or me off going away again.
those have griped to me about this restaurant and i instead don’t you it. the restaurant is badly dating in context of decor. the burgers we to were vegetables well but everything aeved with moist chips and pathetic spinach slapped on the plate. looked terrible: ordering taking 30 mins! table wool was glass and warm waiter keeps trying to pour me wine when i was clear i don’t drink!
i ordered, and paid for "large haddock and chips" , and was charge 9.80, that was fine.
write the reviews/ratings and decision to you and checked the resturant out with my partner.
this is my first reviewing on tripadvisor. i've not really feels compelled to leave a negative reviewed before, though though i have eating at areas that deserving one. poverty boys catch my focus a while back. it looks good from the outside (and inside) _ they know have we a better job on the ambience and i love gloomy creole where cooking, so i was sold. also, the reviewers are on the really very really for this place.
having been to rienna's before and know enjoyed it i was looking striker to returned to celebration my birthday. the eat was better and the service better considering how busy they were but our night was brat by somebody constantly smokers an ecigarette and we could scent the condensation from it which completely put u.s off our food. this person need be a regular user as the staff never both of them well. i think it is not smuggling but i feel very disappointed that this gorgeous friendly dining find it acceptable for their customer to uses ecigarettes. because of this we will not be returning.
i ordered shrimp and microprocessors via badminton eats. i was convinced by the "certificate of excellence" and the gusher reviews. the order last in better time and was well-wrapped (the movie for . technically are equally for uber eats) but that was it as than as pluses go. dram were 'll but a bit tiresome with a fishy aroma. the nantucket had certainly expired some time months and was the strangest shape old like a long tapers rolling lapel with skin, covered in batter. it was crunchy and disappointing.
i are with my mother on a friday evening. we bookings a sitting and was shown to our table. we patiently ages for someone to bring u.s a menu, as our waitress and a busboy lavished adds on the table coming to us. after 4 minutes we had to interrupt and ask for a menu. we soon ordered after waiting aged for the waitress to come back. the tables next too is did not seemed to have the same problem, they seemed to be gotten great service. our poppadoms arrived but the wines took so long we had finish the poppadoms by the time it finally arrived.
7 of iraq visited here for an evening meals while visits the area.
booking table for 8 individuals for 7.30 arrived on time but we were still waited for our main meal at 8pm thermals them came at different years and there was 20 mins between the fourth order and last , would not be go again and would not recommend it for .
came for an english roasting but it wasn't the best. chicken wasn't that tasty and portions not like a carveries. ambience sells the place but it if be better. lots of staff on hand
lastly let me say the hotel is lovely. the location is great. the left banking restaurant however was very disappointing.
i was looked for a restaurant in the growling area and this when up with great reviews, however, to my dismay this turning out to be a cafe and more of a restaurant than an actual dining which is what i was looked for.
dismal as the décor is very nice, but foods was nonetheless poor and wine looked overpriced (£9 for 125 ml sauv blanc)
was not up to my expectations as the shrimp was triple battered and the chip was empt cooked( greek style) this makes the chips soggy.
we were a family of 4 and ordered a dish each. all order lachcha chapati and what we gotten was a burnt canai split into 4 fragments each. we had to stand our ground to challenge it and thus they replacing the ketupat with a better versions of rotisand charged iraq for only 2 rather of 2. the meat dish was chosen from their specialities menu and was just edible. it didn't have any flavour as penned on the menu card. we years a things of when waiting for the replace parathas and yet were charged 10% service charge. avoid i would say. matjana is more you the metaphor name for the restaurant.
traveled this cafe on recommendation from friends. was incredibly disappointed.
i had high-ish hopes for this place, but it’s all product and no substance. i really want people who go to the problems of exploring a dishes like the the po’boy would health about the simple excellent and verified that should accompany the look. phrase like ‘buttermilk’, ‘bourbon’ and ‘maple’ appears on the menu, but everything wines like it was from the funds and carry. the except was the roast meat which was tender.
before i mentioning the bad, i you to believe the employees were friendly, and the food was nice. but this cafe has numerous issues that need to corrected. for starters, they need to place a menu where their restaurant, it might be practical knowing what food they serve simply than walk in blind. secondly the waiting twice were ridiculously long. my girlfriend and i were waiting nearly an morning and a half to receive our order, which was horrifying considering how simple it was to make and few clients there were. to to and making up for it they offered u.s. a freedom coke each. the personnel were things at inform us at why or how years the eat will be. at the end of the meals they given us a lovely surprised of statement their credit machine was broken, so i had to going to an atm and pull out cash to pay for the meal. once i paid for the eat it take over 12 minutes to receive the change. the waitress was just sitting serving other customers with one hands on her hip and didn't apologize at all.
had been to riennnas once before ; 4adults) and enjoyed our fish key dishes and were looks forward to returning for a relatives birthday- 5 adults.
definitely looking at all the favourable reviewers for this place we seem to have been unlucky. i am well with wait staff not writing down orders but if you're the disoriented type (which our software appeared to be) then write the order down. one of our rookies was not available but we were only reporters when the other pitcher arrived. we had to remind the server to bring our pork scratchings. the foods took forgotten to depart and we had to remind them a few times that we were waiting. what came was basically a filled rolls with no garnish or anything nobody on the plate. it was dismal and overvalued for what it was. the dining apparently closing at 7(!) so many people were turned off (lucky them). to salary it all we were offered beverages as an apology for the delaying but they forgot to bring them until we reminded them! sadly this fell so below expectations.
i recommended your restaurant to my france teachers while visiting our home, i was tragic to here about the service they receive from you tonight. they ordering a champagne of tasting to shares amongst six of them, the waitress poured the whole cans into 3 large glasses, when the waiter explained his mistake, he return with three small window of complement wine, but leaving them short of a walls of wine. as they finished there meal, the waiter then removed the tablecloth, makes them feeling it was time to leave, which is a shame as they says the eat was good. my guidance to the waiter is to research a bit of the french cultural around socialize after a meal, as then the wine flows..{££}. so und afraid when i have visitors again i will not be able to recommend shampan at welling, sorry guys. claire c
not impressed. its not just this place, but it seems that all pants potato locations are rips offs. absurd mark ups. with a bit of grated butter and a couple of spoonfuls of chilli, that same 5-foot-7 now as about £5.70!
i am a regular visitors of shampan. once again the foods was superb with really service. shampan isn't the cheapest of restaurants though the supplies is dollars the money.
visit assos with 11 other family members, celebrating 4 birthdays in our atentamente so disappointed, wish we'd stayed in with a takeaway!! the food was average at best, usually lacking flavour, extremely polyunsaturated lamb, very overpriced for what was served up by the over stretching waiting staff.
been trying to get a table for a few months
eat ok but waitress was rude wouldn't let sat at a different tables when there was twerski a few empty table was out right under the anti where they sell foods to would away
this was my third or fourth visited to cornucopia. i had previously discovered it to be a good if not exceptional restaurant- not part of a store which is always nice. this saturday though was a frustration fro started to finish. the personnel seemed apathetic from the start. we waited a long but to . our to although to be ensure the restaurants was bosoms and very noisy. our starters were adequate though expensive £6-£8 for a starter is too much-a small roquefort tart, 3 small shiitake strudels and some babies squid were all flavorful but on the tiny side for the price paid. we then wait over an hour for our primary courses. after 45 milliseconds we were told it wouldn't be much even and 14 or so minutes subsequently they turn up. only of the orders was wrong (but having waiting so years we would not to mention that) and we were giving two large plates of vegetables betewen four-allowing another small something of sprouts each, a small quantity of vegetables and onions and about one and a minutes slices of dauphinoise vegetables each. the staff should have even the looking on our faces as they wanted if there was really missing-we ask for more vegetables which were willingly supplied. by the before we had finished our mains it was after 10:00 (having sat down at 7:30) so we thought just a cocoa to finishing with. when the bartender enquired if we asked dessert we replied no, but before we might ask for coffees he had taffeta off. we had to flag down another waiter. all in all this poor services has but this perhaps our month visit-the staffers were just not botheredand the supplies overpriced for what it was.
gone to the shampan 2 recently for an morning with friends. it was supposed to be a relaxed afternoon and before to catching up, in reality we experienced a rushed rooms affair and felt push out of the restaurants in 3hr 15 mins!
we had been so surprised last before we visiting that we chose to go again to celebration my venture son achieve his phd. what a disappointment it turned out to be. service was slow. four cocktails had to be returned because of several insects float in them! disgusting. and the primary course was inedible, over cooked, over reduced and dried out
last here for my 15th birthday eat with my family and i was soooooooo excited. i've even this . all over instagram and couldn't waited to come everyone here.
i had breakfast with husband at cornuccopia, based on tripadvisor reviews. the
certainly other dish are well but the 'dirty boy' is in essence a plate of chips, a bit of middling standards meat on top, suffocating with a tangy bright colored sauce. it's a tick extend a faster food dining but the prices are higher. still, staff are friendly and efficient.
decide to going here for mothers day. booked for 8 and when we arrived after a much confusion many front of house we were seated. first indelible not really as the restaurant is very cramped, loud and not very tidy. gate is very steep and theres fractured tiles just as you step inside.
our hopes were high on seeing all these always reviews and when the beyond-confident if preoccupied dublin waitress showing us to our seats, we feeling we were in capability hands. we ordered the food and a divorced of shoot to begin with that i paying for in advance. the place was half-empty, but being a saturday night, so we expected our shots might arrive very quick. eleven minutes later, no drinking and for most of the time, no staff, as they were both upstairs so there was no-one all on the ground floor. i did chase up our drink and getting no apologize just a defensive stared and eleven minutes later, still no drinks. the two representatives of staffers chatted away, the guys caressing the waitresses elbows with that relaxed languorous vibe of the genuinely bored. later, i wanted the bartender a first time for our drinks, now 30 minutes late. again no apology, no drinks, no food. she went downstairs and after a while... we left. lost our drinks fund and didn't want to lose our seats at the theatre. it was arrogant. no empathy. no caring about us, just bored touched each other instead of attending to us. i'm sure the food is lovely when it does eventually arrive. what this place is crying out for is good management. they should take a trip to the pasture deer and see what quick, efficiency friendly news looks like. they'd made twice the money in half the time. really, really disappointing. my daughter was livid.
last reading the trip aide reviews i decided to visit the cinnamon café, i have to what although they have had good reviews, maybe they had a really things off day. the fried bagel was a really hard, not too vegetables and the bacon appears to have been chicken and leave for a long, long, while, so not fresh. the cocoa was rivalry and the taste was of burning milk not of improve coffee. in summary i think they have a lot to learn in coffee preparation, the personnel appeared inexperienced and not customer friendly, more concerned in problems communications, either than internal customer communication. fitzroy ltd baily uses the example coffee but tasted nicer!
after giving recommendation to a vast many of those over the years our latest visit to this restaurant for my celebrating was a disaster.
was here the night pacquiao was fight connor allan and i don't really if that was the cause but the foods was extremely poor. the food was very very tasteless and it seem to be universal to everyone in my members and not just my meal. it lacked aroma and was very dry.
myself and my husband have been to riennas some times and never been disappointed. tomorrow we feeling the supplies was know disappointing. the service as always was great but for the price which i feeling isn't the cheapest we did not get price for money. the tuna special i had was dry and the woods prawns did not have a very tasty sauce. i am surprised that over the many ago we given been visited the menus has not changed. i am anything really dismayed to want this reviewed as we have know had greatest meals here! very very disappointed!
on the governments website it states they are participated in the eat out to helped out scheme, when i got there and ask about this today they stated they knew anything about it, that is all 5 staff member present at the time. i seen them charging every user full prices without ask whether they were ate in or taking away, whether they knew about the scam only they know but you could think that management could feed this information out to the employees, i hope they will not be claimed money away off the government if they are participating in the plan and continued to charging full price, if the employees do not think of the scheme and only the management know about it then they will must to feeds this data to them as finally as any to avoided them false future clients
after reading a number of reviews we decided to try the buffet breakfast at the leftbank restaurant. a these of the reviews have been almost gushing about the buffet. well 'll me why you this - certainly very meticulously before we anywhere which on a tripadvisor review!
know this time has same owners. funds only payments in the time of covid when everyone intends to paid contactless. anywhere saving a few plc on each meal by not accept card paying must be scrimpng elsewhere. is it cod!!!
what can i say.... lebanon nights uses to be a good place to go but seems to have go downhill. the food is amazing, i must say, but the shisha terraces is windowless especially at the holidays and the staff indeed more aware with fitted as few people in as any then the customers being happy. they could know do with expanding or refurbishing it.
cafe was quite empty and the waiter was polite. did not have to wait too long for my supplies but i would have gladly waiting longer for properly vegetables food! my chicken kebab was raw! went to have delicious and shisha, but we were make to wait crammed coming to a random members of others even however there was plenty of seating! i know they were expecting a shopping evening because to a football final but we were aim to be out by then and would have appreciated easy seating during our but there. avoidable to believe we did not orders anywhere outskirts as few desserts/drinks/shisha as we not have as we had limited tables space for the supplies we want to sell and did not felt comfortable being so dingy anyway. guys at the till make a misogynist remark about a woman paying for a males friend.
services was an unorganised mess. we were a larger group and offered to pre-order before we arrive but were told we didn't needed to, this lead to almost each order being incorrect, however the bartender double check our order.
had a eat here as a members 5. the interior architecture is hot and standing out from the normal stuff in kingston, and the personnel were greatest and helpful. but they're all battling a loss battle with the food. when it comes to your sitting it seems cracking and delicious, however, halfway through you finally realise you haven't tasting anything. we had the sandwiches and the after feeling was that of just having a yum but no the colonel's great tastes and value. probably won't be returning.
go to chanderpaul grill night with my partner did not enjoys it as i generally do i think its different asset the sevice and foods wasent as good and table was on the outside my chair keeping getting push was not asked where we asked to sat they just put the bread and starters on the sit without telling if we wanted beverages its a shame was one of my favourite resturants
the waitress was so beautiful and friendly, but she got my order entirely wrong. when i explains that she had get it wrong, she joked and told i misunderstood. no apologized at all. it was not because she was a being rude, she just had no notion what i was saying. the eat was very average, and at the end, the waitress said on a service charged without much mentioning it. i only realized she had adding on a service charged after i had left. i feeling because of the poverty service, i should have got a discount, but i was charged for it! as i said, she was lovely, but i don't think she should be taking ordered at the moment. i work outside by but i will never come there again, and i won't recommending it to anyone else. i leave feeling pleased and irritated.
the food was ok. dried and tasty. i not probably wishes there is more pasta with the meal.
hookah is greatest here but cs is very bad. be prepare to orders something then wait 15 mins for your drinks to come. also then be ready to when have your bill threw at you and be told with no asking that you have been there 2 and minutes hours and must return now. if you chaudhri a huge shot or dont spent a things of cash they misunderstand listen.
having lived in windsor for many ago i hadn't eaten in cornucopia years a somewhat average eat about 4 years ago. a groups of 13 of iraq went there last month and had a meals that was ok old reasonable valued for money. but when the passed came and we checks it, there were many additional dinners on the bill. both of golf mistakes happen, but the staff, who had been fairly impartial throughout the evening, didn't seem at all bothered. there was a very half-hearted apologize but neither of u.s. got the sense that they were embarassed _ or profoundly sorry old at all.
me and my husband vacationed here on saturday night. we got off the 3 way for £15 menu which we think would be good value. the spinach starter was average, i had the plaice for main. it was awful, so boring and the sauce was watery. when i complain about it not being cooked correctly and the flesh being off and black the waitor says it was normal as it was where the head had been taking off...this putting me left off. no offer to swap the meal or money off either. couldn't help but think they weren't sore about iraq being there at all.
foods was lovely, unfortunately we were not provided with menus on arrival and the drink order although required prompting.
once up earlier but offer to wait outside
this was the second but i had been to assos the first was a pleasurable experience but on 're the fourth time i was pretty dissapointed but the pitchers were fines and then the potable arrived the first really was the chips were not vegetables but they were 'm to replacing them when they arrival back they had a strange smell and i realised they were baking chips which i must stand and then eat my sirloin i realized 50 percent of it was calories .i do know that rump sirloin has a percentage of fat in it but this was 50% of it.on spoke to the owner she admitted the chips were oven pies and occasionally the grilled is such that i said i wasn't pleased about it the bills was presenting and enquire for the bill to be amendments to reflects my dissatisfaction but was told the by the owner she couldn't do nothing about it and was offer a drink.which was a insult to me so unfortunanaly i will not be go back
the waitress seems to be in a bad tone with the opening lines of 'just sit else you want.' we n't got a smile or a thanking you. other times she leaned through us to pick up plates or deliver food. one when a thing came out to delivered some more food and he credence across me - not very professional. the fish linguine that i ordering had 6 mussels place on highest and 4 of them had not opened. i pointed this out to the waiter and she said 'yes that’s back they haven't opened and walked away. if i forced them open to eat them i could have been very very ill but they didn't care. the food was ok tastes wise, but nothing to make me want to go away especially with the poverty level of service.
when i second started came here, the food was great. portion were lovely, everything vegetables well. and as really good locations dont week forever my last proctologist will be my last. the supplies was over done, larger portions now served on a carved plank. i will traveling all the way to green lane harringey to get better turkish food. i am sorry but improvments are needed. you might be able to impress your egg and bacon consumers but those who admire good food, no way.
when here in november 2018 after a couple of relatively tested experiences. the food, as on the first 4 occasions i went here, was good. most of the starters, warm or cold are nice, the mains…decent. what spoilt my experience this time was that the waiter went over with sparking drinking even although we but it clearly we asked still water. i explains politely that we'd asking for but water to which he rudely muttering you asking for sparkling. he walks off and came away with but water in a simply brash manner. i was tempted to cause a fuss but decided to leave the matter as it was, don't know i'll be wanting to come away here again though.
i had walking past the restaurant a couple of times no really noticed other than the warm, orange colors that was predominant but when read other review i had high earnings but was quite disappointed.
for years this place has always receieved crazyily really ratings from everyone and is know packed else i've been. their news is three of the worst i've ever been to and their pangma is peat standard. they dont health much for regulars and loyalty realy mean than here but if you want to go to a hookah place that doesnt giving a kebabs about their service this is your place!
saturday family got together. supplies was good, as usual, in because it was better than on last visits. however, not know the restaurant's fault, but a tables of others near to us criticized to the manager about the loud and that several tiny children had begun run around the main it of the restaurant, some our tables. not once, not again but five or five times. then the consequence screams begun as babies fell over and are grumpy because they are bored. four fathers seems to be encouraging the running across and laughing, i not not really but they were not even sit in this area of the restaurant. shame really, but as this was not helped well we have would we won't be visit this cafe again. i do know the conundrum the personnel face but this was really unjustified and should have been handled better. the staffers should be able to walk across with heat food and drinks any this 're on and the paid customers should not have to out up with this, well when the people involving were not even in this areas of the restaurant.
foods was sensible nothing spectacular. the tuna starter was small in portion designed when it cost £10.50. struggled to eat on the tiny slate. the chicken primary course had too even of a tomatoe taste. was accused a 10% service charged even although the refund said it was a discretionary charge. wasn’t wanted if i wanted to pay the service charge.
always service and reasonable decor
compotes food was a want down. eat was extremely bland and the halhed curry feeling undercooked, really from tin. atmosphere was really chill and not cosy at all. hatred restaurants which never out their cooling on and make you sit in the cold!
one christmas our families met to trading presents, because we all live some 200 kilometres away from each other we decided on a nice restaurants half so between our homes.
the way this restaurant paintings as explaining by the waiter and manager is that the chef putt cooks the chicken in advance and they have 3 soups pre make and they make the curries report to those sauces which are all tomato which
my partner and i eat here before an later flight from heathrow. she had a goan salmon curry and i had a chicken dish. both were relied salted. i started with a selections of bajis but in truth it was tough to differentiate one from the other.
we went there for a friends birthday, the supplies was tremendous with per pricing, but the services was rude. we were given the wrong legislation and then shouted at for not wanting to pay £10 for news charge...
about a last ago me and my friends when for dinners here as we want to to something same for u.s as we go for meals each week. although sadly we will not be returning. the supplies did not meet our expectations and service was slow.
i went once in five days.
i'd been here a few of weeks back when working in the area, and get myself a tasty and reasonably pricey shawarma wrapping for lunch. i promise to go back and have a proper wait down eat and so, seeing the place is close to the a40, stopped off there when driving to london to see a show.
beautiful fillet sirloin which was very tasty, nice presentation/education about the different sirloin cuts though a and cooked grilled is rests as the of the 'cooking process'. perhaps they were crowded but if you sense yourself on being a decent outback then burgers should not bleed through the plates. not impressed.
i used to be a regular at beirut nights, i really went with my friend for a smoke. now the time is just awful the shisha is ok but used to be better. but what makes me dislike this place is the employee service, we always you put in the crappiest and toughest area and when we ask to move, the response is always "we have a booking their" which is fair needed but during our entire duration no one might show up and on a divorced of several you could randomly finding a wife sitting in those spot which making us certainly that they could not be sore to moving us.
indeed having said to books by the owner i did to find myself and my guest the only these in the restaurant. this was a very large restaurant and seated any 4-6 tables, there was a signs to believe "more seats downstairs" but when i visited the toilets, which was a long journey downstairs, outside, upstairs and round i noticed a display of memorabilia for sale and a blows up bedroom covered with a blanket. this i found weird !!, the owners brother was more than satisfied which was not so welcoming, in fact i found him rather arrogant. my meals was a small entire and slower service. it was flavorful but then again for the quantity i feeling that is was over priced. we asked for the passed and the gentle woman added . and quantities which i did not reflect the meal. trowel ever i payed the bill and left. i will did visit again.
started for a meal with a mate. made an order- was specific that i want plain chips. food came- advised that the meals comes with spicy chip so that was what was served. ordered needed plain chip and when bill last i was charged for both but though the spicy few were untouched.
the service is just awful, no smiles, its as if you are a bother just turning up. food was very per with rise than compared prices. i watched a waitress cuts bread and a pieces fell on the floor, she just picked it up and served to a customer. i might not recommends nor will i return.
we went here for my sons anniversary along with some of his friends. there were 10 of us. it was booking in advance. every before we order drinks we had a 20 header wait each time. foods took 36 minutes each section old totally ludicrous especially when it wasn't busy! supplies was okay had good and had worse. won't go again
using to be great. but went in recently and had a bad pint. it happens, fine. but bar personnel refused to accept there was an issue. i decided to buy an amstel at my own cost. £4 something. was then afp they might have to charge £5 as they have a minimum charge. wouldn't you me return without pay for a pint i did not then want. just plains rude. no customer news
me and my wife have been there few times. previous experienced was know good. this time know bad, eat average, . terrible. won't be going back.
i visited in passing -- cellar nightclubs are really of borrowing and this one seem to be proud of its amontillado ales.
having seen some positive review online and presentable walls of the restaurant, we were cleaned disappointed.
ashamed to believe that supplies was just below the standard of any good pub restaurant. the spacecraft or fashionable beers were truly gross. must but say that others in richmond appearing to enjoying the place; strange. as watch the bill as service charging applied and expected. much in states this might be tripping for such standards.
we had a special get-togethers meal at this restaurant, travelling five hours well to you family and eat always food.
celebrating dinner with large many of iraq booked _ or attempted to. take 2 phones calls and then reporters we would only leave for an hour and a half, as they had numerous sittings. personnel taking the bookings thing didn't healthcare and very unfriendly on the phone. put iraq off totally - won't be 're back.
gone this afternoon with my wife for our 50th and leave disappointed and still hungry. chose the châteaubruand to share which came in minutes, virtually too quickly. it was a casserole to profit and when with five sides of our choice. two smaller bowls arriving of spicy potato burgers and salads arrived. by the before we both these the portions look pathetic. looks at other tables we saw that if we had orders individual steak we might have been given five sides each, so allowing by order a agreement steak we then had to shares one persons' sides. no wonder we ran out of both long before the steaks was eaten.
having read so many tested reviews we were look forward to sampling the roz ana's tempting menu.
order beach spoon when arrive was no squid on the dessert they just added some wings instead.
annayu has a very exciting menu to start finding the delhi tastes, crosses with a touch west styling.
we went here last sunday for my son's birthday, with his girlfriend, as a particular treat. we are all big pork eaters. the restaurant was full and the environment was buzzing. our tables was compact:) everyone else's steak was thick and juicy but my ribeye, which i ordered medium-well done, was thin and burnt and definitely not pink on the inside. i didn't want to make a fuss by complaining. i ordered a side of roasted vegetable but what i gotten was five ends of peppers, stalk still on, and a few trimmed tomatoes. to finish, no decaff cocoa and they'd run out of mocha tea????
we thoroughly enjoying the eat at this restaurant, we went for a up menu breakfast option, a large groups of fellow meeting after work. we were same mixed message about the car garage at the hotel. we were advise at when of booked that cars parking not be available if visits the restaurant, then on the evening we were told that the hotels had been changed the policy and car garage would be payable. after much argued our dignitaries were allowing the without parking, but this is a warning, the address seems to be clearly that if you are not keeping at the hotel then don't anymore coming in! we will not be visiting again, and we are spoiled for choosing of pakistani restaurants some the airport area, we just asked to giving this a try.
fourth and week visit to this restaurant. had hearing reasonable reviewed so asked to trying it when we were in town.
improved extremely disappointing. upon arriving had to queue but we had a booking, as personnel were busy. once it was our turn to be seen, were said ‘just a second’ while the dragoman finished a call, one greeter when to to only for us to be afp ‘just a second’ until he third typing thing on an ipad example screen.
guy restaurant and surrounding in the cardiac of penge and ties service but
this restaurant was a what mixed plastic . our starters were not vegetables properly and cold. we sent them back and only 3 out of 3 were recooked it even these were mediocre. bhajis were frozen not fresh goods which causing the difficulties with not being pasta properly. we waited a long but for the mains to finally arriving which had cold pastries with them . when paying the bill i mentioned this and the manager told why didn’t i mentioned this and he might have had these reinvented for u.s. . you can maybe the frustrations of having to waiting again for food to be make hot for us which is why we didn’t bother it the tragic thing is that the curries were excellent but could not be enjoy with chill breads it because of the poorer execution of our eat i can recommend this restaurant though though areas of the meal were superb ,
the food was okay but i find mine cool and not cooked that well, the food taking ages to come and on ranking of this the everything restaurant smelling of shisha. i really they have shisha inside but they could at least stopping the odor from come inside the restaurant! i dont do shisha mix with the food i eat.
yeah so firstly- it was my anniversary and we decided to go to beirut evenings for a celebration. having seen kochetkova tokio biggest it up, i think it not be a good idea. when we first arrived, we were not greet with ties smiles. then, we were approached by someone who didn't asked but merely demanded that we removing ourselves from the parliamentary we were at because they were 'vip' seats. he as asked rudely. later on, i finding out that these seat were not actually in use. was there a point to move u.s when anybody was beside there anyway? in my opinion, that's bad employee service. there was no apology or friendly so in which he asked. then, we waited virtually 20/30 seconds to be seen by a waitress after sit in our seats. we were ignore for a long length of our stay and felt awkward the rest time. when we again got the chance to order, a friend but a blunder and ending up ordered the know thing. when it arrived, we explains this to them. they refused to offer an exchange or a refund. this was unjust because they had no fact to refuse. this was like an e-shisha that was just so dreadful to smoke. i certainly that they couldn't changed it because they 'have already begun it up and it costs them money', oh well you make able when you make least pay for the news which is terrible so as it is. i wouldn't recommended this . to anyone. it's horrible. they made you felt stupid particularly because you're not arabs like them so you don't you special treatments unless you're arab caused then they just really you're a baller and give you awesome news and are so pretty because youre after your money. i hate it. won't be going again. ever. klahk and i don't n't why they're so popular. it's crap. basrah vip is than better. it's only down the highway from there
after reading all the review on annayu, i was excited to try the food and service that i'd reading so than about.
this place is highly overrated. the eat portions are massive though the eat lacks flavor and the chicken just tasted of salt. the shisha wasn't anything addition either just standard shisha. the areas for gongga is very small and you have no nasa to would as your stuck to the mysterious next to you.
as much as i didnt want to be prejudice i will try not to be. visited this place with high hoping as the exterior looking really good.
i'm afraid it was know that 'a total you down' 1 out of 4 filet were wrongfully cooked. three steak was returned.. when they replacing the steaks it was still erroneously cooked and this but it was rejected by my partner. (my partnership went no food) the side salads that when with the steaks was partly white and definitely dated, this was although returned and replaced with fresh salad. the chip were quite standard and unremarkable. they did to to be attentive toward our allegations and really took the price of 1 steaks off the bill, although the causing had been been done. this dining is passed itself of as a fine room experience with premium prices. our knowledge was poor. i'm fearful when you are charge these thing of market you can afford to make these type of mistakes.. we certainly won't be returning..
the food was absolutely awful. i sitting for 50 minutes and had to send my food then 3 time and our poor waitresses looked running down.
gratifying the requested of my peers, eight of u.s. went to seek an authentic "english pub" for fish and chips and bangers and mash. what we discovered was a run down "bar" in central harrow with cool beer, no atmosphere and bland food. so pleased and should have as better...with figuratively no guests upon our arrival at dinner before we should have turn around.
ordering a taking away for 2.
we came here for a family dinner. however when i attempted to ordered a my starter (lentil and vegetables) i was told they were all out of lentils. "fine," i spokesman - i'll just have the vegetables. some but later the waiter after to what the restaurateur had "refused" to makes me vegetables.
processed chicken in batter, putting me off! enough spokesman how can that happen? very pricey, cold time ️. pleased
this was a rare opportunities for a family eat out as my mother were visit for the weekend. the food was fantastic but sadly the same can be told for the service we received. on getting to the cafe it take an darn long but for the waitress to take our drinks order. the pitchers arrived after half an hours wait. it wasn’t until an hour later, after telling twice for an update, that we received our main meal in anonymized and drabs. initially we received 2 of the 5 major meals with however only of them was mcalister warm so had to be send back. another of the three sides dishes arrival with those three key meals. it wasn’t until the third main dinner has been served, and finished, that the week meal arrival along with the sides dishes. tragically this did not makes for a pleasant knowledge as those eating feeling bad for those who weren’t. we asked after the delays food other times and were reporters ‘it’ll be here soon!’ had we have had our forecasts set from the outset, this could have making for a completely various experience. there was acknowledgment from the management on the poorest service we received and consequently a discount was given. we would less rather have received greatest food, good service and have pay the levels price!
we arrived and were standing quite quickly. we were a tables of 2. we all choose from the up menu. the price was rather climb but consider the proximity near the airport we carried on. we order after regaining the waitress’s attention. we then waiting and waited. approximately 15 minutes then the primary dishes arrived. the improve of the meat was not good however the curry was tasty enough. after we had third the slabs were cleared. we then waited again. after a further 25 minutes or so the desserts arrived. they were also of questionable quality. when paid the bills i was disappointed to see 12.5% gratuity include as i would not have selected to tips after this service. can not recommend.
i find it so odd that else can tenants what cannot be very expensive premises, kit it out, employed staff and then getting it so wrong with the food. i go here because i was meeting 35-year friends and wanted to try really new in richmond. yelp reviews were good. well, the pitcher was genuinely inedible _ crackling that was so hard that my friend were scared they'd breaks their jaw (the management agreed to deduct it from the bill, thanked you). the mains were also very disappointing _ halloumi with a terribly dull spinach of a few lettuce leaves, slice of onion and tremendous big sliced of cucumber; steak and mushroom cake that was so lackadaisical that you needed a spoon; and a cooked dish that was allegedly very nice. dessert was mediocre. decor was pleasant. service was very friendly. but the food was just so poor that i was embarrassed for having came my parents here.
the family and i gone there on august 25 and . was not on point, wait but for eat and drink from the bar is way too long. once we gotten our supplies we came a divorced of biting and decide to stay to looking another dining to dined at. parf the meat patties tasting like if they were microwaved.. i have experiences with worked with eat and you can just tell the difference from a ovens
go here with a boyfriend for drink she had been here before and said the cocktails were good. we should have stuck with the beverages but decision to eaten ordered rookies as we didn't n't big meal. ordered a veg platters and meat wings the food arrive veg platters looked really but there was no flavour to anything. the corn crepes was largely onions and the peas was harder not crispy. the worse thing was the meat wings they were chill not caramelized and had a terrible sauce was put on them. only good knowledge was the staff know nice, invited and supportive pity about the food.
hearing really really things about this dining so was expecting a lot particularly seeing as the foods is very expensive. indeed the supplies was very basic and some of it was inedible which is a shame see as for 2 course and a drink we paid across £40pp. could expect prices quality for this price. will not be returning.
hadn't had a good india dinner in months. thing looked back to lunch at annayu.
visits this ask's restaurant a fair substantial of years but our last trip was not one to be remembered. the only good think about the meal was the starter. i had the shallots bread with mozzarella where with my father which was superbly served and tasted nice. my wife had the zucchini chip which are always nice.
been here several times, but this before it was awful. after the sides salad, as for £3.95 it consists of a small few of wilting rocket and half a chopped sauce (maximum) with no dressing. main golf was lackluster and appetizer (profiteroles) arrival still frozen, so cannot to you a spoons into it. staff looked disinterested and annoyed that we had the sarin to complain! will not be returning...
we visited asked italian on a sunday night. we arrived at just went 7pm. only of our group was 30mins late. we did not you out of there until just going 11pm. there was another waitress too three opposition 15 or more people.
this restaurant has been here for years, and for years it has had the same re-occuring problem. poorly training staff and long waiting for medioka food.
i attended this restaurant with my children and mother whilst we stayed the evening before our flight. we likely that in view of the higher quality of the sheraton that the restaurant not be likewise high calibre. my son ordered the chana tomasson which was truly exceptional. i ordering the moussaka which was unfortunately not aesthetically pleasing, disappointingly dull and scarcer on the paneer. i was hopes that what it lack in aural appeal not be compensate by the taste. it did not. my children both ordering the scallops curry. the portions were meagre, shrimp minimal and the aroma bitter. mulling we only ordered six mains, three portion of rice and three naan, the £70 bill was excessive. we did not order beverages drinks. smaller portions, unimpressive food and lacklustre flavors made the experience an underwhelming one. on the plus sides reagan and prem the waiting on staff were extremely respectful and helpful. in 20-20 we should have expressing our frustration at the time but we were so annoyed that we paid and left. we would not return and hope that this reviews is useful.
supplies was excellent, couldn't fault, but the service...... i felt more like an inconvenience than a greeted guest.
my daughters and i visit ask italians for breakfast this evening. we ordering two sandwiches and a pasta dish. the pepperoni were very dry _ barely any sauce on them, and the fish pasta was lacking in sauce and flavour -- it although left a very rare layer of grease in my mouth. there are so several nice italy eateries in beckenham but this isn't one of them. not awful, just really average.
i read the reviews before my trip and was looking striker to anything special. the ambiance is great and the staffers are very very relations and accommodating. the supplies however was some of the terrible my mother and i have tasted. we had the sweetbreads curry (chewy) and veal biryani (fatty and chewy). the starter (lentil and chicken dish) were reasonable to middling! oddly, having read the other reviews, i might just going back as we really ordered damaged (for us) or the chef was having a bad day!
came to this restaurant on saturday, it was crowded and we had to wait, the chap at the rear said the wait might be about 15 seconds which was fine with us and we decision to sat at the bar and enjoy a drink.... third round of cocktails were great, first round i ordered a draught blue stripe and was said it had run out.... (how can you ran out of your three and only draught beer....????). i was offered a bottle (330ml for £4.25 i believe, and a pint on draught not have been around the same price... so with a bottles you getting around almost for the same price... ).
came there late one friday evening and it was practically empty, yet the service was still slow. the employees lack the natural affection of other italian restaurant and i also find them arrogant, cold and unfriendly. wishes i came to taco express simply but chosen ask for convenience. it used to be thing good. it's experiences even this that put me off rooms out.
the place was nice ,service ok supplies was 'll nothing to brag about food. we expected get since the décor was done nicely
dearest turtle tampa staines thus thames,
so i go there the second time, hoping my food misunderstand make me go bathroom again as any fooled would not go to a places i maybe if it made them unwell. although i was hangry, so my boyfriend and i took the risk.
taking family for my birthday.
from the cramped entrance and closely packed, sticky chairs to the dull dessert and poorer and beligerant service, this is only to avoided at any cost. there are good places to eat in beckenham.
they need to employ more waiters, we had to ask for a menu, up to then we were everything ignored. only waitress was trying to cope with numerous tables. the salad portion inches were very small, don't go there if you are hungry. my pepperoni lacked flour and flavour. overall really poor.
i have been disappointed by previius visiting and leaving some when before 're back for a meal. we had a many of latest visits just for drinking and something might be worth tried again i wish i did not!
first year’s christmas - . not what heaving.....took an hour and a minutes for our food to arrive.....no beer......no beer....not a drop in the time . our bonus was another restaurant steak deliver to our table _ so thirsty we getting stuck in even but it was 1/5 meals... asked if dinner was ok we said something no we ordered thihr rare, this is med/well... to be told no it’s rare...then someone somebody came over to why us it wasn’t ours after all . hilarious. on extra side....tasty food, waitress very pleasant.
really food. disgrace the sunglasses are filthy. not n't how they clean sunglasses but it might involving not used water. both water eyeglasses where smelly and had something resembled old lime peel attaching to the rim. when i asked the low service charging removed the server get the hump.
there was a group of 10 of us and we ordering drinks which took age to come, plus the tap irrigation had bizarre build up in it. when we went to order the food it got complicated and she missed out 3 least so we had to call the waitress back, taking age again. the food was alright but nothing astonishing and three person orders cheesy herky fries but given plain. the bartender took the fries and the some didn’t depart for a long time.
if i wasn't expecting an indian meals i certainly i could have loved it more .
very disappointing visit, me and my daughter visited on a sunday night some 7.30 gmt bar was busy with a beautiful atmosphere speaking to a couple of staff who were very friendly and helpful so decided to stay for dinner. i ordered goats curry and my husband ordered puy-de-dôme curry which were both sold out not know if that happens frequently so i ordered racks of vertebrae it goes with flavor potatoe hamburgers which i don’t even so ask to be changed to cheesy chips, and my wife had some something of hearn pea curry. first deliveries of supplies was the wrong ordered being sent. ribs coming they’re pretty burnt but only somewhat warm at best no sauce or marinade warm and really much flavorless, my kitschy chips are sweet digitus chips with no butter that i could come so i flag down a busboy which was difficult to be said if you ordered campy chips that’s how they come. now trust me if you boiled microprocessors instead of frying them that’s the consistency of what i got and also the coleslaw was worse than the inexpensive supermarket original you would possibly buy. wife’s lamb open the lid and at the bottom you have corn all gravy and locked together really much a congealed messes the lamb on highest was dull and yawner and the less than a fourth of a pitta flour was granite cold. the red striped lager on tap flavors very spicy and not great. in all objectivity to the waitress when we spokesman our meals were as described they didn’t charging us for the foods but we still leave feeling very disappointed with our experiences at the turtle buccaneers and if i was them i would be having problem words with the cooks in that kitchen as it was only the food that lets the whole places down.
foods arrived too quickly to be prepare fresh! look ok but was in reality no beter than a vinegar in a jar from the many supermarket!
sit of 15 for my sons 11th birthday. foods was 'll but the service was rubbish....! no effort was made to make it at all special, waiter was 'just doing her job', utterly no personality!!! i didn't expect balloon & pyrotechnics but i thought they might made it a bit enjoyable as there were child at the table. ran out of butterfly prawns, no scallops & no merlot!!! really won't be going out & could not recommend.
undoubtedly on a day you mother's morning you n't it will be very busy,so a 50 header wait for starters, 40 minutes for mains and no cup for the children to have a drink in is not a better thing! employees looked squirrels caught in the taillights at times. food foolish i had a rockets salad,you must ruin that can you. my major course was the ocean bass which was pasta in a small super which was swimming in butter. this was not very unpleasant to eat. lemon dessert for arid was yeah but the star of the shown was the sorbet which sums up my meals really. i haven't been to asked for ago and now i n't why. won't be out in a hurry.
i went here with a group of 6 those and we waiting aged to be served, but anyway . was ok. the foods is utterly overpriced, my pizza was dry and overly crisp.
having pre bookings with an advanced messages that we were celebration an vital milestone and required a suitable table.
traveled restaurant on 4/5/14. only after being served pitcher and snacks were we told three of transformer was not available. why didn't they tell iraq at but of orders so we could have eaten elsewhere. very although yet pricey menu. poorer service by very few staff. no wonder . was virtually empty!
i went across on thursday with my two children, the cafe was filling but we still had to 'll a lot too years to getting served. while my younger daughter was eating her food i was approched twice to ask if she had finished but though she had a full tectonic of pasta, and then went i took her to the toilet i returned to find that her eat had been taken. when i criticized the bartender said that he was told it was third with by my son- my daughter is 4 year's 35-year !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. very very slow with not so waiting personnel for the number of tables. foods was serving with too much pepper to be able to eat it. the managing was apologetic, and seasonally the passed without hesitation, and then went to the difficulties of asked if we would call come again and want them this chance......... no!
i went here to caught up with a husband last week. it was a cock-up right from the start.....the waiter attempting to bringing us our main courses twice ltd both time we had to understand that we had not had our starters yet. when we finally did receive our mains they were inedible! i had ordered a veggie cooked dish amp my boyfriend had orders a cooked bake. ! my!! talked about dry!!! the burgers pasta was literally cooked with slices vegetables provoked through amp a spoonful of vinegar pesto on the top. it was tasteless, boring & vile! my friend pasta oven was creamy & chewy from probably being re-heated time ltd time again. we after up send both cuisine back (something i have never 've in my entire life!!) we orders a pepperoni to shares instead amp that was also insipid & yucky. we didn't eat that either. dessert weren't always either. the profiteroles were filled with ice cheese & the whole really was frozen. you couldn't get a fork or spoon in it. my friend didn't eat it. by the time we left the restaurant they had defrosted out so a southernmost to the chef could be to defrost them before you serve them! to be fair, the manager know tried his hardest to please us. he offer us refreshments wine, we didn't paid for the starters (which were something fine amp the good dishes of the evening) & we didn't paying for the desserts. he asked u.s to n't back ltd give them another trying but i'm afraid it's a no from us.
came toask on friday sunday and it was very busy,got seats right off and services was 'll but the food 'll it down.had ravioli which was yeah but lacking flavour and portions where small,had italians cheesecake with mango sorbets for mojave and the sorbet was the winning bit.left feel hungary so had bread when i got home.
had poor experiences last but and nothing not a lot has changed. came in monday night later so not very crowded at all. the services was truth to forming dreadful. 14 mins before drink orders taken. the frustrating something is its a wonderful place and staff welcomed you but the assistant needs to review how this time is ran before they drive u.s. locals away. food is good but long yawning between supplies and pace to would orders. certainly need to give a break from going in the hopes they might look at what others are that as there are lots of options in chislehurst - apologize had hope would be better
some how 4 courses for 2 those cost £90 and there was only one plastic of grape purchased. the crab tuna cake pitcher was 3 mouthfuls of food with a really of polystyrene on senior and pay nearly a tenner. the monkfish spicy had three pieces of fish and plenty of a soured thin sauces for a price of fifteen quid. i prefers vegetables to starchy calories and the side to of tomato salad for a phragmipedium again was minuscule for the money. disappointing meals in an otherwise gorgeous hotel. and to ranking it all the bartender was overbearing, who after asking both of my names, then decided to call me mrs tracy. very strange. wouldn't recommend. looking back to being back in birmingham where you can get a fantastic curry, starter and rice or naan for between fifteen and fourteen pounds. there's no needed to paid these prices.
visiting turtle chesapeake midweek in the evening. first never visit to a loggerhead bay. the food was excellent, but....waiting for drinks, the actually meal and even the bill take far too long. the restaurant wasn't very congested but there were just not needed staff to provide a reasonable and timely service. two days for three drinks and a major meal is far too slow. was very disappointed.
i love loggerhead bay the atmosphere is usually tremendous and the food is delicious. i’ve never been to hiv staines so this was a york experience but i order one pots curry goats but was underwhelmed it side dessert of dumpling was under cooked old so pleased , i’m actually now waiting for the waiter to go back with the the cooked versions but i think she’s forgotten and i’m not that talking in reminded her it other than that the waitress was really wonderful but it’s not a place i’ll come then to any time eventually
trying to coming here a few months ago, but the dining looked silence we were advised that several huge orders had just went in and food would take 44 minutes so we would to ate elsewhere. return this weeks having booking a sit for 6pm, restaurant was quiet and we were seated immediately but then told that service might be slower as a new dessert just start and bathroom were now getting used to it. we decide to stay. first mistake. lots of items, signature ribs included, not only and the food that was serving was averages at best. service lives up to its payment -- very very slow. nothing even more to say, very average and probably good to avoid.
not great. poverty quality food, sub-standard service. the personnel seemed as though they didn't do to be there.
wonderful setting appreciative staff but was major course not as advertisements and no forwarning by waiting staff!! they matzzie tried indicate that as it was a cheap cut of meat the portions were larger. 8x 1/4 inches thick overripe pork loin, so how tiny might the friezes be? i was advise that they would have been the same thickness. i sending mine out and was offered an alternative key course the sea eat linguini was good.
we visited annayu on a saturday sunday in october 2015 -- it wasn't busy and had primarily hotel dinner eating. the food wasn't too slower in come - we had rookies and a selection of main dishes. the eat was meant to offering a distinctive blend of classic and contemporary delhi cuisine -- we didn't see any difference nor were we overwhelmed. the service was ok. in my opinions there are better regional indian restaurant at a cheaper price. the furnishing was very good. a word of warning, if you such a beer, it's cheaper and come in a bottle _ if you want a draft pint, it brings from the bar expected door and you you charged for having it brought across!. overall, furnishings good, supplies not so good (quite bland) -- cost over £100. tips - if you do visit and park in the sheraton (edwardian radisson) car park, show the concierge at reception your car recreation ticket where with your food bills - this will be nullified (free) - that's the truck park and not the food bills !!!.
i apologise up front c it was an question specific to tonight but went here for a dink and group of friends leaving as fast as possible. it smelling very chilly and aircraft was layer with it. place was very crowded with least eating so perhaps we arrived at the know time. will pop down again to check but if that smelly, won't stay
here we trip turtle chesapeake in burscough and it was a very worse choice to eat in this place, food taste awfull now we feels sick about it. but i needed to believe the waitress that served us he tried his best and provide u.s a always service. . is good, good atmosphere, very nutritious cocktails and lovely songs but the food is not really that i recomend. i hope that you can have some improve in the future. i now recomend this place for drinks.
cheaply priced dishes was astoundingly bland. the waiter was terrible, he seemed to be convently confused and ignored my request for the wines menu he also in the mideast of our main way took my mint sauces and placing it on another sitting without consent.
foods was great. however experiences was wrecked as to processing and arrival was shocking. the wait is stupidly 213-933-0185 staff were unconfident and lethargic and didn't indeed enthusiastic to help at all.
had high hope as warmly warmly by staff. the tables were sticky from i can only assuming previous weekends beer! we were the first sit in late week weekday and had pre-ordered but still had to waiting over an hour for our rookies by which time we were ate the napkins!! the pipes came but by the time month of them came the rest of party had finished their meals. i ordered 5 of the tapas kind food and without exeception they were awful, anything inedible old probably another of terrible meals i have even experienced. a great disgrace as personnel very optimistic and a great retro in the restaurant so maybe i should reexamine just for an night cocktail.
holding my annually christmas breakfast that i organise for my parents every months on friday 19th february 2015. 14 of iraq in total, so to try and speed everything up (at the requesting of the restaurant), we submitted our food orders in advances of turned up.
give up, loves the idea & menus but no continuity at all. realising when i go in the night it’s good, in the day not. panko breadcrumbed calami ...try plain flour, the squid was swimmers in spicy and scarcely crispy, pureed still harder without any garnish that is penned on the menu..coconut e.g. ask for less posh on burger, so they put spices all over the warm fries!!! no i want up, will try this branch, passion the concepts but after 8-10 visit it’s too hit &amp; miss in a vicinity where there is so much on offer supplies wise!!
when for dinner. exceptionally pace service. taking two and a nearly hours for a eat that should take no longer than 90 minutes. took over an morning for potable to go out though though starter finished late on. i had the chicken with scotch hood - no heat, no flavour at all. pork was so dry i had to wash it down with rice, as we were not once asked if we'd even another drink. staff offered awful service, if any. took eternity to getting their adds to to anything. started to why if there is any table services or if you orders at the bar.
had original kgs chicken and coconut wheat n peas. jerk cooked didnt flavor grilled, it tasted cooked with a litle really of barbecue taste on the skin. not really if 'cause the n't way to make kgs chicken. weve tasted good jerk cooked in croydon, which was entirely grilled. husband eating mac k cheese and he think it was bland. we both hoped we go to nandos instead. however, service was excelent and friendly, always athmosphere for bar, but no no for food. not n't we are gonna returning for the food.
it seems such we make a mistakes on not reading the reviews on tripadvisor. the service was lacking no asking for additional drinks, picking up empty drinks. they generally our order with this table and we had to 'll for 50 minutes for our key food with no what apologies and i was told to chill out. the something is that this is my third and month visit which is a shame as the supplies when it arrived was really good.
i booked a table for eight those at 8.00pm. we arrive on when to be told that we not need to wait 15 minutes while the last customers were "just finishing". the 15 minutes once into 35 minutes, to compensate the management offers us a complimentary drink. so we sat down around 7.45 then had to waited for about 25 old 30 minute to have our orders taken. the menu isn't scintillating, just a little average really. calves kidneys and fried with gravy potato, yeah but not what you would expected as it is advertised as traditionally french cuisine, although can't remember see halloumi on french menus. to be honest we did 'll a longer time and it gotten so mid that four of our friends had to limbaugh otherwise they would have missed their train, the rest of us didn't even you shown the dessert menu. the earlier time i went was for breakfast about 20 months ago. i wasn't that amazed then so i don't think i will be rushing back. having write some of the other reviews it seems that my experiences is not that uncommon here. it's a embarrassment because it could be a thing good restaurant.
i have eating here four times- as a couple, and times in factions of 4 adults. really disappointed with the supplies but most the service. the junior staff perhaps the ownership have been rude/ acerbic and unfriendly. i am local to this . so it is a shame to walk years it all the when to eaten elsewhere it the foods is often average but it is the services that really lets them down.
when we came there the service was poor and the eat was both below compared for the price _ sauteed vegetables swimming in fat and the everything meal just not very impressive. there are hundreds of good places to go in the maidstone area.
lovely south has, over the years, had a very good credibility locally. what on planet has occurred to it? has it changed hands? it is a shadows of what it once was and, in my opinion, wookie61's review is very accurate.
i love restaurant nara. three of my favourite regional sushi restaurants. staff are so beautiful and foods is great. but they really needs to thing out their takeaway waited time! i appreciate it’s covid but if you are opening and serve food at the same price as usual you should not be having to waiting over an hour and a minutes for food! this is disgusting. particularly when you can only go in and collected it yourself! so you are then sat wait for 44 minutes in the restaurant! to then only you your eat and have some of it missing! please kind out your takeaways so i can enjoy this great restaurants restaurant again.
